Sound quality is very poor.  Sounds like a bootleg needle-drop version of the Time-Life Swing Era Series recordings.  Save your money!  Did Time-Life actually agree to license this low quality product?
For all of you who love Ghost in the Shell and music by Yoko Kanno, this is not it!  This is scream death metal or something.  Needs a better title that isnt already pretty much used.
Something seems wrong here. This cd does not have Al Jarreau singing on it. Seems amazon goofed. This is not Al Jarreau.
True, we've been warned : "This product is manufactured on demand when ordered from Amazon.com." But we've also been told that this CD-R is supposed to "offer the same audio and image quality". Well, on the one I received, the cover  was so blurry you can hardly read the name of the artist (and anybody would agree it's a shame with a cover like this !). But worst of all, the CD is full of "bleeps" and "hiss" that makes it impossible to listen to. Just a cheap copy. Come on !!! Buy a good printer and a decent CD burner !!! From now on, I'll stay away from "CD-R" and from this "LRC Ltd". Sorry to drop the big word, but looks like a scam to me.
I bought this collection thinking that I was getting original recordings.These are original recordings, but they are mutilated by awful drum machines and cheesy keyboard parts.Beware as this makes for a very unsatisfying listening experience, unless you like the idea of listening to Zhou Xuan accompanied by an Atari video game from 1982 and a Casio keyboard from the same year.Do not buy this collection!....There has to be a proper unmolested collection available somewhere. This is not it.
It is highway robbery when a song is paid for and downloaded only to find it was compressed at 110 bit rate. But as often happens, it's hardly worth the effort to contact amazon and request a refund. Instead I'll buy it again from a different album.
This poor CD is definitely NOT recommended.  First of all, there's only about 25 minutes of material - hardly enough to cover an entire album even in the era of LPs.  Secondly, the CD title is completely misleading: it has NOTHING to do with Stan's original 1941 band.  This studio session from 1958 was originally issued on the inexpensive Crown LP label.  In fact, half of the tracks (arrangements) were never played by Kenton.  This studio band is not bad, but truth be told the personnel was not all Kenton alumni.  Third, this music has been repackaged over and over under various titles on various labels for decades.  As one old-time reviewer in Metronome (who shall be nameless) once said: No stars, no nothin'.
Poor quality, audio is too low, is obviously taken right off a record. That would not be bad if just that but also it has nice disturbing SKIP at about 1 min in the song, what garbage. Never bought a new record before, but I am sure they did not sell them with damaged playback out of the sleeve...
These recordings are not Artie Shaw. I'm not sure who they are, but the original 'Temptation' recorded in September of 1940 was recorded in one take, not ten (this is according to Vladimir Simosko's discography). The clarinetist in these recordings misses the glissando at the end of every take, and his phrasing isn't even like Shaw's in the opening theme. I've never heard a recording where Shaw missed a glissando--even in the live versions of Temptation and the Concerto for Clarinet he nails them.I think these should be investigated, and probably removed.
I was not happy with this recording because it did not sound like Jacob do Bandolim. The art-work was also disappointing.
man, the sound is horrible on this cd. i love benny golson, but i also love good sound. sounds like someone recorded this in the audience.the sound is awful.
I thought this was the real Girl Talk (Gregg Michael Gillis), the artist that I really like, and have all the albums. Who knew another group used the same name. Didn't like this music at all. Felt I got ripped off, and not by The Night Ripper either.
some people might like this, but this is all quiet storm, easy listening, smooth jazz type stuff. not at all like the rap-hop-indie GT mash ups. not for me - i wish i could get my money back. (i can't preview the songs at work, and i'm impatient. oh well)
This sleazy album has been floating around for years in one format or another. Not all the tracks are June Christy!
So, apparently it IS an album with Lionel Hampton, Coleman Hawkins, and J. J. Johnson-- and that CAN'T be bad, can it?  Well, if that is your expectation, then yes, you will be disappointed.  Technically it is just what it says, but I've listened to everything except the last track, and Coleman Hawkins solos on ONE piece (Midnight Blue), same for J. J. (Stardust).  The sound quality is HORRIBLE, so I THINK Hawkins and Johnson do some ensemble work on another track, but honestly I can't really tell.  Lionel plays throughout, and he's terrific, of course, but unless you want to spend a lot of time cleaning up the sound, forget it.  Frankly, I want my money back!
this is not the late great ANTHONY TILLMAN WILLIAMS please clarify this in your coverage---new music from Tony from the many recordings in the vaults, is still exciting to know ,don't dissapoint us, be more specific with this treasured Name.
I have to agree with the others.  This is the very first review i've ever written on any artist granted, there are a few more artist out there that need to be slammed and I apoligize to Mr.Baldwin for being the first candidate but I really look forward to Mr. Baldwins New Releases, had I heard this CD prior to purchasing it, I WOULD OF NEVER BOUGHT IT. I feel as though I need to let the people know in Jazz-Land to save your money on this one.  I have every other CD by Bob Baldwin and they've all faired well. I  don't know what happened to this one.  I give it a 1 star because the scale does'nt go any lower
I am really disappointed with this CD.  I just could not come to grips with the latin flavor.  Don't get me wrong I enjoy latin jazz/music but not from Bob.  This is a long way from his Standing Tall CD and any other.  I listened to this online and I am so glad that I did not buy it.  Maybe next time Bob.
With the great talent Mr.Armstrong has,you think he would've applied it here,too.I was deeply disappointed in this CD-it's bland and the songs seem to be rushed through.Another major gripe is the extra syllables added to &quot;Chim-Chim Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-de-doo-dah&quot;-it made it very difficult to understand or enjoy the song.Mr.Armstrong-it seems that you left your talent elsewhere while making this CD.If you want great stuff by Louis Armstrong,then you're better off with his other CDs.If you want a great Disney CD,then look elsewhere.
don't waste your money on that.  If you want Joplin played the right way, find Max Morath's inspiring Best of Scott Joplin.  that is the polar opposite of this.  This sounds like a MIDI recorded file with no life, my guess is that these are MIDI recordings.  Morath's is vivid and imaginative, while he does add several embellishments here and there, they only add to the nature of the piece.Joplin only made 7 piano rolls anyway.
I bought this for a gift for my mother-in-law and when i received it the case is cracked and its for mothers day and its to close to return it to get a new one so i ant to happy.
wow, this really sucks, really just sound check materal.  and is not salsa by any definition.  Were these people just trying to get their names out? they should really consider something that is not going to rip your eardrums out. nuff said.
Music is flat and unimaginative - not true to moroccan or jazz sounds.  I only own this because I purchased it accidentally as a download and can't return it.  It's already deleted; not worth the hard disk space.
There's zero information about this album on the Amazon page other than the band name and track listing, so it's no wonder that I thought it was Focus, the famous Scandinavian prog-rock group from 40 years ago.  Nope, it's smooth jazz.  Beware.
Any potential buyers should be forwarned, especially considering how the sample on Amazon chops off the offending chorus. For some strange and inexplicable reason, this magnificent choir chose to absolutely butcher the "six geese a laying" chorus in Twelve Days of Christmas. It is sung with an artificial larynx device exactly like a person who had throat cancer. It is mind-boggling, but you can hear for yourself on the iTunes sample of the same album. It absolutely obliterates and ruins an otherwise brilliant rendition. I don't know if they did it in honor of a former member or what, but it is just a travesty.
Be careful - the reviews for this album are incorrectly posted from the Miles Davis tribute "Miles from India".  This is NOT that album.
This guy is a mediocre banjo player who dreams of playing like Eddie Peabody. Too bad for him he is nowhere near that ability. Don't waste your money
The audio is terrible. My download featured distortion, stuttering sound and various pops and clicks. The playing is OK but it sounds like the accompaniment was done with an old Cakewalk version. Don't waste your money. Amazon should remove this product.
As of 12/11/08, if you go to the listing on Amazon for the BEAUTIFUL collection "The Best Of The Concord Years" and click on the link to "buy this album" as an MP3 Download, it will bring you to this TERRIBLE collection, a hodge-podge which includes a few of Torme's greats with a WHOLE LOT of his lesser stuff, much of it the embarrassing mid-career "pop" stuff he recorded under pressure from his label.I hope Amazon corrects this - it's terribly misleading, and this thing is NOT the same collection at all ... not by a long shot. This dishonors both the music and the man.A lot of what's in this thing was denounced by Torme himself in his autobiography.Here's the alternative: go ahead and buy the 2-CD set "The Best Of The Concord Years" and rip the songs to your computer, or just play it. It's the cream, the real thing, and includes many truly amazing songs this trashy collection ignores.Another GREAT collection, by the way, is Mel Torme The Bethlehem Years. Bethlehem was another label that brought out his best. It's also available at Amazon, and worth its weight in pure gold.
This whole thing is just weird.  No particular rhythm, no flow, just random sounds from random instruments at random times.  Hilarious more than relaxing jazz.  I have this visual that Keith thinks it's brilliant, but really it's just a mess.
I bought this on accident thinking it was the actual version. I feel a bit duped by the purchasing process from my Amazon app for Android devices. I honestly don't feel like this is  worth the .99 I paid.
I bought only the first song - Autumn In New York.  Unfortunately, I didn't bother to listen to the audio clip. The vocalist was not credited and now I know why.  She was a bad version of a drunk singing in a karaoke bar on a Saturday night.
OK. I've previewed three of these, and have yet to hear an original phrase.  I don't mind a GOOD cover, but merely substituting an average sax player for the vocalist ain't makin' it for me!  You dollars will be much better spent on the Hidden Beach Unwrapped series...
ULTIMATE RAGTIME ORCHESTRA = some dude with a computer passing of recorded MIDI files as an audio album! Save yourself the money and just download the MIDI's if you like this. They are freely available all over the internet.
You decide to buy the MP3 of "Who" which is listed at number 7.  WRONG!  "Who" is actually number 20!  Because that is the song I came looking for by the Ipana Troubadours.  WOW!ALL THESE SONGS ARE ASSOCIATED WITH THE WRONG NUMBERS!  Select with extreme CAUTION!A few examples:  Number 12 is NOT My Blue Heaven, but rather "Singing in the Rain", which is number 19.Four leaf clover is NOT number 15 as listed but actually number 6!Want to drive yourself crazy?  Try listening to each song and if you can select a well-known tune then you can select the correct number for that song.BUT if you pick ANY SONG based on it's number etc. YOU WILL BE WRONG.  WARNING!  One last word quite a few of the MP3's have a "clicking" artifact, which is somewhat annoying.
I've never really been that impressed e seen and heard all of the material of both of these comedians.I was never really that impressed by Dane Cook,...and nobody could be as impressed by him as he appears to be by himself. His delivery often feels self congratulating. Sure,...I had a some chuckles, but,.."Meh".Patton Oswalt is a comic genius. His writing alone beats the pants off Dane Cook, but then he also has a way of telling his stories that is so infectiously hilarious.Patton Oswalt is the clear winner here.I have no idea who this guy is dropping both of their names to make his own.
Pretty weak. Nothing new to hear, so they added some horns and are classifying it as funk, meh. I would be curious to see if they chart or make it beyond a year or so as it would only appeal to the world music/NPR crowd. Unique but not great.
Overall this is a good recording and is similar to others of its kind. Based on that, I would have given it 4 stars. I only gave it a 1 star rating however, because for the last 10 seconds of the recording there is a commercial telling you to go to a website if you enjoyed this recording. Do I actually need to hear that every time I play this? I think not. I will not be buying anything from these people until I know for sure that the commercial is not included. I have deleted this purchase from my library. Fortunately I only wasted $.99.
The fire sounded good, the wind sounded good, but within the first 30 seconds I noticed a pattern to the crackling of the fire.  I realized they had taken a four or five second sound clip and looped it for the entire hour or so of the total duration.  Within a couple minutes the pattern became maddeningly distracting and I had to quit and delete my purchase.
this was not what I expected it to be at all. It sounds horrible is nothing relaxing about that in anyway or form.it's only cost me a dollar if it were any more of those want my money back
Same old retread crap.  WTF?  Sounds like every other jam band that's trying to "make it".  Over played, over funk garbage.
Boring!! This disc/download is a waste of money and an insult.  There is some good playing here and there, but most of this is directionless noodling. Decent editing might have salvaged the good stuff but my god, whoever made this disc just threw it all in, including tuning up . . . tuning up! Thats just plain insulting. Even the bootleg discs have more focused playing than this collection. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. DON"T BUY IT
Who are the people who put these together? Three out of 12 tracks from the original L.P. ,(Capitol T-421),a crop of the album cover, and the tracks sound like they were recorded in a barrel! Who would want this? Why bother Amazon?
Is this a joke?! I'm not sure if it's meant to be tongue-in-cheek (if so, someone is disturbed) or if it's from pro-life activists. Either way...bizarre.
irritating.The songs drone-on. Well, to be fair, the songs I heard droned-on. I felt like I was listening to that novelty music show from the Windy City's Public Radio station.Even at Free, not worth the listen.
This guy's entire schtick, from calling himself "BachScholar" in spite of demonstrating no scholarship, to pointing out that he owns a "vintage" 1929 Steinway (are there non-vintage 1929 Steinways?), is an exercise in self-aggrandizement. One listen to any of his YouTube videos or to any of his self-published albums should make plain why he's self-publishing. There's nothing wrong with self-publishing, of course. Proust did it. What's annoying is the silly clawing for approval that's part and parcel of the effort. It's pathetic, really. So there's nothing intrinsically wrong with buying this disc, although it's an execrable performance; but if you buy it you'll only be encouraging the dude. So be careful.
The songs are in the same key that Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass preformed them in, but the lead Trumpet - Herb Alperts part is Still In The Recording. The album IS NOT Karaoke and Amazon doesn't offer a way to omit Herb Alperts part from the track. The music is ok if you just want to listen to it, but the tracks Can Not be used to preform with!! I have No Idea why they call it a Karaoke Track?????
Really not a fan of these recordings. Many are a mockery of what Joplin truly intended. Pieces that are supposed to be played slowly are played much too quickly, losing the nuances of the composition. Pieces that are supposed to have a faster tempo crawl at a snail's pace, boring the listener.  In repeated parts, instead of making subtle or original changes, Hall almost always just plays them an octave higher. When done for every part, it feels like the piece is mocked and poked fun of rather than sharing a musical experience. He tends to introduce awkward transitions that break rhythm between parts, and sometimes even in parts. A little more thought needed to be put into these recordings before they were published.
I might buy this if there were a sound track to listen to.  There is not even a lsit of the songs on the album.  There is no way to rate it.
I'm a huge Beegie Adair fan, so I made a leap of faith when I bought "Into Somethin'."  There was no list of songs on the CD on Amazon's web site, but even so I bought it.  When I listened to it I realized I'd made a big mistake.  Obscure titles and bad vocals make this a real dud.  Save your money!
This is an unauthorized copy mastered from vinyl! For some reason Amazon (and iTunes) allow companies to exploit the looser European copyright laws (50 years) by posting otherwise unauthorized versions of classic albums for download. This wouldn't necessarily be so bad except a) this album is totally available in a remastered, pristine version (click here) and b) these clowns ("Hallmark," having nothing to do with the greeting card company) have created their copy from SCRATCHY VINYL. I mean, if you're gonna bootleg a respected American jazz master, at least buy a CD to do it. Jerks!This sucks, and Amazon should not allow it.
The sample doesn't sound like music.  Anybody know whether this is flawed soundtrack, or just a poor pick for a sample section?
Every song on the album is fantastic.  Problem is it sounds like when they ripped the CD there was something on the disc and you a constant pulsing static noise on practically all of the tracks.  I downloaded twice just to make sure there wasn't a problem with my download and got the same result both times.  I then listened to the album directly from Amazon.com and still the same problem so I know it's on their original tracks.  I would have notified Amazon but after spending 10 minutes trying to figure out where to complain about mp3 downloads and not finding success I just gave up.  Tommy Dorsey is fantastic but avoid this particular download.  If you are buying the CD you may not have the problems I'm encountering.
The last three songs on this are most definitely Dinah Washington, and I'm not so sure that all of the rest of them are actually Della.  Who's in charge of putting these things on here...??!  Poor sound quality too...
The other review is pretty on about this. Don't waste your dough. Find his first 3 discs or his Weather Report stuff.
Obviously just my opinion, but you'd think that someone as acclaimed as Bailey is and who's been around as long as he has could make better music.  It truly sounds like something a kid made in his basement - sort of a talented, but mindless wankery. I've heard play-along tracks that were way better musically, and had better groove. Seriously. It's just pathetic.Really trite, predictable stuff. Plus the titles are terrible. Who names a song Ape School? I guess it's all subjective though. If you want to hear Victor Bailey play, go buy a copy of Weather Report's - Procession, or check out his Trio stuff with Larry Coryell and Lenny White.  This stuff, you can truly pass on.Jaco, I miss you so...
The sound quality here is horrible.  There is no other word for it.  Be warned! As bad as it gets! Truthfully.  There, is that twenty words yet?
Not the original artists.  The same mediocre singers and small musical group on every song.  This should have been specified in the offering.
If you're looking for the gorgeous Mark-Almond "New York State of Mind" in which there are people actually singing the song -- this isn't it.
I probably should not rate it. I did not mean to purchase it. One of the drawbacks of one click purchasing
I'm not sure how good, or bad, his music is and after reading what he posted on a veterans Facebook account I doubt I'll ever know. He commented, "if you really wanted the world to be a better place you wouldve driven over an ied". Regardless of your political affiliation or personal feelings about war, this is uncalled for. But then, I guess that's what we fought and died for; so people like Scott Danger Bravo can feel secure and free enough to disrespect us. It's also my right to try and dissuade as many people as possible from supporting him and his music career.
[...]Talk about an anti American Jerk. This wannabe music man decided to tell a Soldier that it would be a better world if the soldier ran over an IED and died. Don't buy a thing from him.
The rules require that I must rate this product with at least ONE star. This screeching mess gave me a headache that has lasted four days! My flute playing wife hates it more than I do. That is 99 cents I'll never see again. Refund needed.
Obviously, Nancy cannot release any new recordings since her untimely death, but these two "new" collections are recycled from previously released CDs. If you are a Nancy -phile as i am, you can save your money since you already own these recordings. However they would make excellent gifts for newcomers to Nancy.
These two "new" collections are just that. Collections from previously released CDs. If you are a Nancy -phile as i am, you can save your money since you already own these recordings. However they would make excellent gifts for newcomers to Nancy.
The only thing I was impressed with is the CD cover. At first I wasn't sure if this CD was a joke or not and I realize not all music is for all people. But at times this sounds to me like a jam session. This is definitly out there. I will try never to by a CD solely based upon (2) reviews no matter how good they are. Now I will try to see if I can get my money back.
The album by Tony Mottola, is among my favorite, of all time.  I was thrilled to discover it here on Amazon for download, but horribly disappointed when I listened to it. Anyone who ever owned the vinyl, will remember how wonderful this recording was.  The mix, here, is missing what seems like an entire channel.  Instruments are absent from the mix!  Amazon should remove this from their download selection.  This is not what was recorded and released as " A Latin Love-In".  Frankly, I'd like my money refunded. So disappointing!
I am a stone Billy May fan.  But this is something he churned out in his old age, probably in lieu of a pension.  It's just awful in every way.  Remember him as he was, which is a lot to recall.
I bought "she makes me wanna die". It sounds like the remix from Replacement Killers from the 30 second sample however it also has a very poor rap interlaced with the track. Rap is fine but this is just bad.
This is an odd compilation. The producers didn't seem to know much about their product. Stan Kenton's singer in 'Tampico' is June Christy. The band in the second half of the album is Gene Krupa's. The singer in 'Deep in the Blues' is Irene Daye. The best thing about this album is its cover collage.
To any one who is a true fan of Dean Martin, DO NOT buy this cd. If you like a bad country kereoke version of Dino's music, this is the album for you. I do not which legend is at work here, but it is not Dean. After listening to this, I deleted it from my MP3 player.You've been warned.
Thisbe Vos singing jazz standards is like a junior high school doing a stage production of Goodfellas.The script is the same, but the similarity ends there.  The performances are flat and there is no heart and no feeling.  Somehow she was thrust onto the stage with inadequate training and lacking all but good intentions.  "The road to hell is paved with good intentions."Study.  Rehearse.  Play lots of gigs in the minors.  Only then try the big leagues again once there is some maturity and any artistry.
The strangest thing happened with this CD. It did not have any of the advertised songs on it. In fact it was very much like the CD Ongaku. I had thrown away all the paperwork since I never expected this to happen. The album is good but not what I expected. That's the reason for the one star.
I always enjoy Hiroshima and have seen them in concert several times.  I hope to see them again in the future.  I am a fan and will continue to be so.  I was very excited when this CD came out.  Due to work constraints I wasn't able to open the CD until yesterday.  Much to my surprise the songs listed on the CD were different from the songs listed on the CD holder.  Unfortunately when I placed the CD in my computer it turned out it wasn't the Departure CD at all.  It turns out that it is the Hiroshima CD labeled as Departure.  I already own the the Hiroshima CD I didn't need another copy.  I am extremely disappointed.  You do not typically see this level of poor production.  I don't know who is responsible but I will be a lot more careful with my Amazon purchases in the future.
It's rather obvious from the sound clips that this recording is clumsily processedwith "clean up" software from an old vinyl record.  I would think that this isstill copyright by MGM and they could release a legitimate mp3 album fromthe original masters.  Besides the overall underwater sound, there seems to besome "skips" in the songs caused by the software "restore".
This is of course a great record by a great artist. Ran Blake is among the most original and unsung American jazz artists of the 20th century. All of his recordings are signature works of art, in my opinion.However this mp3 sounds like crap; it is an abomination. Noisy, dirty, low-fi.  Buyer beware.  Really, not even a competent, caring needle drop effort. How about cleaning the record and the stylus, to begin with?  If the vinyl is defective and noisy or too worn, then it is not suitable for a digital master, not suitable for charging consumers $9 for the download. I would like a refund for this.  Please try again, label or Amazon.
Ran Blake here. I just found out today (3/24/14) that this record was re-released on MP3. No one has contacted me about this. I'm not sure who at Goldenlane Records decided to do this or why they haven't bothered to email me at ran@ranblake.com.I have not heard these MP3s, and I apologize to fans that this re-release is very poor quality. Please know, I had nothing to do with it. For those who would like to hear the record, I hope you are able to find the LP at a reasonable cost. I know it can be hard to find.
They put out a 5 lp set of Gershwin, one each of Kern and Mercer  and several others. How  is this complete?
When listening to it first, I was not sure if this album was meant as a joke, or if this is meant for serious, but the Sax is completely out of tune with the rest of the music, it hurts my ears. I like the the beat programming and the sounds are nice and smooth, but as soon as the Sax comes in, i get a headache!
Before purchasing I listened to this cd on spotify and almost all the songs end prematurely. I thought it was just a snippet but NO the actual songs end prematurely...WHY? I don't understand why would put out such a product. I purchase songs for dancing, and I have been waiting for an album by Jerome and his Swingberries for a long time. I'm very disappointed. I highly recommend not purchasing this album. The tracks are incomplete and its frustrating.songs cut off in the middle of solos.WTF?
What I was looking for was a recording of Carol Burnett's theme song - performed by Carol Burnett herself.  Apparently, such a recording is not available for purchase, so I purchased this recording for $1.00.  I should have seen that the recording is only 46 seconds long.  The recording is of only the FIRST verse!  What a ripoff!
"Vintage Masters Inc." is a shameful pirate label that rips off releases from other CD labels. They invest nothing in finding source material, audio restoration, liner note research and writing, etc. They just take existing CDs, rip the contents, and upload to sell on Amazon, iTunes, and other labels. Despicable. In this case, they have ripped off the excellent Irving Aaronson CD on Rivermont (already available on Amazon). PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THESE THIEVES YOUR MONEY. Buy the CD or download from the Rivermont release and help support the small, independent labels who really care about this music and take the time and care to present it properly.
Still poor quality. See review on "Christmas is for the Family".This is a Fantastic Chrismas Album... Amazon needs a betterresource for the download. This IS NOT it.
so i download this album because many of the titles are good, only to find out there are several albums like this one Amazon that are exactly the same! just with different titles1 and guess what, now i'm stuck wth 2 of the exact same albums but with alternate names! buyers beware!
This cannot be a legitimate release. All of the tracks from this release come from the album "A Fickle Sonance" on the Blue Note label. Be sure to purchase that edition of this great Jackie McLean album.A Fickle Sonance (The Rudy Van Gelder Edition)
"Vintage Masters Inc." is a shameful pirate label that rips off releases from other CD labels. They invest nothing in finding source material, audio restoration, liner note research and writing, etc. They just take existing CDs, rip the contents, and upload to sell on Amazon, iTunes, and other labels. Despicable. In this case, they have ripped off the excellent Frank Westphal CD on Rivermont (already available on Amazon). PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THESE THIEVES YOUR MONEY. Buy the CD or download from the Rivermont release and help support the small, independent labels who really care about this music and take the time and care to restore, annotate, and present it properly.
It seems like the Braxtons are featuring these vocalist who can't. Instead of the brothers who i purchased the CD for.I must add those brothers are good musicians however the vocalist choices  have been poor.
I didn't like this CD...why? Too much use of loops as the music is repetitive and boring.  I do not recommend!  No effort put into this production.
Several of these tracks are defective; they sound much the same as a record skipping. Consequently, they're difficult to practice with.
When a friend of mine first played this CD for me I thought I was listening to a Julie London parody or something in the tradition of Florence Foster Jenkins. But no ... Rhonda Burchmore is being serious.This album is terrible, and the thick re-verb doesn't make Burchmore's voice sound any better. In fact, it would have been better had she not performed on this recording at all, since she is backed up by a very decent ensemble, the L.A. Combo, that sounds fine without her. I had the hilarious opportunity to see a clip of Burchmore performing an insanely over-the-top version of "Bye Bye Blackbird" that was torn right out of Julie London's early 60's act (just a singer and her bassist). Burchmore gives us the audio of it here, along with her renditions of "Cry Me a River", "Daddy" and "Yummy Yummy Yummy" that are the tip of a very bad iceberg.Pass. Unless you want a good laugh. Buy an actual Julie London album instead.
I love Sarah's Great Pyramid and Lullaby albums. But this is my least favorite. Many tracks did not have her vocal, the verbal talking was distracting, and some tracks had weird noises and nothing more!
This is beyond all imagining.  How someone who isn't even a PATCH on Miles Davis' assbe so incredibly presumptuous to, first:  take on the making of a record that is sucha part of American culture -a work of undisguised genius  - and second, have thesand to say that he can 'summon the spirit of Miles' at will.Mr. Peyton, you haveNOT...nor will you EVER...develop the aesthetic nor the depthof Miles Davis.  And by 'remaking' Sketches of Spain you show NOTHING exceptyour well-know arrogance and unspeakably exaggerated opinion of yourself.This record blows.  Don't waste your dollars.  Instead, go listen to Mile' version -that's all this dreck will make you want to do.  And by the way Nic - how'syour campaign of changing the word 'Jazz' to bam...?  Not well, huh?
Well, I LOVED the first Laponia album and couldn't wait for Ogren's next record. Why on earth he decided to call this Laponia II is a complete mystery. He's gone from an album that was intriguing, accessible, full of melody that had an airy, pastoral, sprightly ambience... to this album: a slow moving, abstract, slightly murky record with NO MELODY. I suppose artists have to do some of these things sometimes to break themselves down and aspire to some new level of growth, but it seems like a squandered opportunity. As where I couldn't WAIT for a new Orgren album to come out before, after this sad listen I could care less when the next one comes out! It's losing fans before you even have them. I recommend the &#34;The Lakes&#34; and &#34;Man Sa Att Han Inte Hade Nagon Stil&#34; as the only tracks that come close to capturing the exploratory beauty of the original Laponia album. Be my guest to listen to the mp3 samples between the two albums and ask yourself, &#34;What would I rather listen to?'
Marcus Anderson is a rock solid saxophonist and I own 3 of his previous releases.I would own his latest release &#34;Style Meets Substance&#34; but it apparently is dowload only.&#34;Download Only meets No Sale&#34;...Where is the CD version?