the sound quality is poor and background noise level high. Kenny Davern's contribution is as a sideman not a headliner as the title implies.
this album is very short (only 37 minutes) and all of the tracks are extremely repetitive. don't waste your money.
I picked this up as the Amazon digital deal of the day.  So for $1.99 I can't complain too much.  The sound quality is relatively good, however my biggest gripe is that the song titles seem to be wrong.  I'm not an expert on the Big Band Era, and maybe songs were known by different names, however several of the songs are easily recognizable standards, that appear to have the wrong name:  Track 5 is listed as "See Saw", but is clearly "I'm In The Mood For Love".  Track 6 is listed as "Nevertheless", but is actually "Sweet Georgia Brown".  Track 12 is listed as "Body And Soul", but is "Embraceable You".  Track 13 is the most blatant: being listed as "A Little Bird Told Me", but being the song (and lyrics) "Blue Skies". So on the whole I doubt I have the right names on any of the songs.  Is this the correct content?
Originally released in 1977, from what I could tell this was the Hol Hirschberg, Germany band's only record. I thought it was a bit strange that Funfundvierzig, a label that usually puts out CD titles of the krautrock, space rock and electronics genres would reissue this 'dance club music' disc. There are a couple of tunes here that I thought showed some decent playing - like "Mark Spitz" (featuring some good flute work), the star-gazing (sort to speak) "Madwursath" and the title cut "Move Your Ass In Time". This is definitely my least favorite disc I've ever heard or bought on the German label. I have seen this CD lumped / grouped / listed a few places on the Internet as krautrock - listen to this site's provided sound clips and keep in mind that it's simply NOT krautrock - by any means.
In 1959 Art Pepper + 11 recordered the identical Marty Paich arrangements.Although I continue to be in awe regarding Phil Woods musicianship, Iprefer the original. I am puzzled about why Woods did this recording in the firstplace.He is noted to be very unique in his creations, why go over old ground?The only plus is much better sound engineering on the current recording.
I've been a fan of fingerstyle guitar for years and finally found this album. Both Dave Laibman and Eric Schoenberg play with finesse and incredible dexterity, and the arrangements are beautiful. The problem is the sound quality of these MP3s - I know it's from vinyl and probably an older copy, but there's no excuse for the variations in volume level and especially the distortion (tracks 3,5, and 8 along with others) these tracks exhibit.If you're just wanting to hear how the arrangements of ragtime tunes work on guitar(s), then the sound quality would be secondary, but even then at .99/tune consumers have a right to expect more than second rate tech problems when they listen to the tunes they bought. Whoever ripped this should re-do it correctly and send those of us who already purchased this updated copies of the affected cuts.Aside from the sound quality this is a great album of very fine playing by a couple of the first/best ragtime fingerstylists around.
I bought this album because I really liked Kindler's "Across A Rainbow Sea." The sound is the same, but the thrill is gone.
The recording may be poor, but King's sax sound seems atypically harsh.Peter King has the ability to play beautiful music. He may have becomebored with beautiful music as there is a tendency for him to stray intocacophony now and then
and threw together a "sound sculpture" or "noise poem" or "sonic landscape".What it isn't is "MUSIC." It's basically a random splattering of rhythmless tones and samples. But for just under an hour of annoying your neighbors:what the 4*ck, it's only a buck.~!
My rating has nothing at all to do with the performer who sounds great to me, only with the goofy short length of the MP3 version of Pra Que Chorar.Hopefully the fault with the MP3 for Pra Que Chorar will be fixed but please beware that the purchased MP3 download is only 5 seconds long.I had assumed that the 5 seconds was only for the sample but that was not the case.I looked for other means to try to return this or contact Amazon about the concerns above and couldn't find a way since the order won't show up for returns although it does show up under my digital orders.
When it comes down to R&B; infuences of the 80's, we always think of artists like Diana Ross, Whitney houston, Anita Baker and Dionne Warwick. Nevertheless, with contemporary R&B;, there are some acts that we really do overlook as dynamic, like Patti Austin. While she has shown her way with contemporary R&B;, today, many people don't seem to be interested in what she brought to music for over 4 decades. While there already is a definitive hits collection, with 2001's Very Best Of Patti Austin, there aren't many smaller collection that show Patti's magic, and this is one of those that really misses the mark, by a longshot.Rhino Hi-Five: Patti Austin, is a mini-compilation of 5 tracks seem to highlight Patti Austin at her best, but doesn't feel like every home should really have one. The collection includes some of Patti big R&B; hits from the 80's, including Every Home Should Have One, as well as lesser-known tracks like Stop, Look, Listen, and Do You Love Me?. While the collection of songs might be good for anyone who hasn't yet heard a Patti Austin song, it misses the mark by a longshot. The EP really doesn't feel like you're getting more bang for your buck. The collection really doesn't have her biggest hits including Baby, Come To Me and How Do You Keep The Music Playing with James Ingram, as well as classics like Razamatazz and Rhythm Of The Street.All in all, whil Hi-FIve: Patti Austin might be a great buy at less than $5, but trust me it really isn't even cworth the effort. It is also too bad that the 2001 Very Best Of Patti Austin is also not available as an MP3 album for you to download to your PC. You're just better off getting it in full for your CD Player, and just say baby come to me to a better Patti Austin collection than this.Songs: C 1/2-Price: DRemastering: BOverall: D+
I love Keith Jarret and nearly all of his albums have been either good or excellent.  But whenever anybody has recorded dozens of albums over the years, there are bound to be some that are subpar and this is one of them.  I purchased the vinyl version of this sometime back in the late 1970s from the $2.99 clearance rack and after listening to it, I knew why the manager placed it in there.  Very lackluster with only a couple of good moments in it.  Gypsy Moth is the best piece in this one, the title track is probably the worst.
If you're looking for big band Sinatra-ish type music this guy is for you, If you're looking for the best thing to come out of England since Paul McCartney then no this is not who you are looking for. This is NOT one of the Indie Genius David Fords albums. be warned!
I purchased the collector's edition thinking that Dream Theater has always been a fan friendly band and would be creating a product similar in quality to their previous release, SCORE. Well, either they've changed their minds or are now content to let Roadrunner Records determine the direction of their career. If that's the case then their careers are definitely heading for a downward spiral.The audio lacks the crispness and clarity of Budukan and Score and the video is somewhat sub par. Plus having the "concert" from various locales lacked the spontaneity of a show shot all in one venue, The band plays well but growing beards and getting a gut (James, buddy, you've got to start working out) does not a band make.Truthfully this is a set for completists only. Buyer beware !
EDIT: For those of you that commented on my review, please... I am a die-hard DT fan. But don't you understand that in our era of huge plasma TVs, amateur and unstable pictures are just too tiring to endure after 5 minutes? They could have put out a "raw" production without carrying cameras fully zoomed in on their shoulders. This DVD is just impossible to watch more than once, unless you're still using a 12" TV and you don't mind AM Radio sound quality.MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:It all started with NYPD Blue. Someone had the brilliant idea of tossing away the tripod that held cameras steady. Then, they moved the camera to the shoulder, zoomed in 10x and started walking around while recording.It's a shame that this "technique" has spilled over Dream Theater's productions. After a DVD like SCORE where the production is good, the cameras are anchored on tripods and the sound was decent, now we have here a bundle of chaos in motion sickness where the viewer has to suffer through various inconsistencies in sound quality and avoid having any food prior due to the roller coaster effect that amateur like image recording can cause.After enduring through 180 minutes of motion sickness, I was reluctant on watching the DVD #2 but finally I saw something interesting - the story of the unsung heros on the daily routines on the road.If you are a DT fan yes I recommend this because after all it is another volume for the collection. If you are not a DT fan or just a recent one, don't bother. Buy the Budokan and Score shows.Two stars because if I wanted to watch a bunch of amateur videos I'd go bootleg. From DT I expect Kevin Shirley to be thrown out off a cliff (worst live mixes ever) and I expect them to buy some tripods for cameras instead of spending 20 grand in starbucks coffee.
Most of the tracks are mis-named and the last one ,Nobody Knows The Trouble I`ve Seen, isn`t even listed! Why??
I bought this album because of the price. This music isn't terible, it's just cliche as hell. This is like a really bad ELP tribute band. You will get bored and won't even want to continue after the first song. The little tv- quotes were annoying and very hard to understand. I reccomend Glass Hammer instead.
The names of the songs don't correspond to the mp3 music file, I mean, the list is complete but the order is shuffled. Please update!!!!
I bought it for NY Eve, which worked out well. but the majority of the material is from a distant era which is probably more appealing to folks from then than it is to me.
Amazon must be cow towing to IE7. I have an awful time downloading my music with Firefox and it's add ons. Guess they don't want my business.
Gawd. These are truly awful re-recordings (some of them in even more awful pseudo-Country style) of Pet Clark songs that are available in the original hit version elsewhere. Drive right on by. There ain't nothin' for you here.
Many of the tracks in this album are incomplete. If you want a specific song, just buy that song and not the album.
I would like to preface this by saying I absolutely LOVE Mary Martin. Although I was born in 1990, less than 7 months before she died, and therefore never got to see her live, I have fallen in love with her various albums and TV performances. She is probably my favorite diva of the stage (with Betty Buckley and Patti LuPone following just behind her).Now, on to the review. I listened to samples of this album before buying. I could tell from the clips that the sound wasn't too good, but I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt, because I wanted a good collection of Mary Martin's tracks very badly. Unfortunately, that was a big mistake. The clear sound deficiencies were even more evident when I played the tracks in full. Many of the songs I had on the original cast albums (I'm Gonna Wash That Man, My Funny Valentine, I'm In Love With A Wonderful Guy, etc.) sounded terribly tinny and muddy compared to what I was used to hearing. They sounded like they had been mastered from a heavily-battered LP and then after being extracted beaten up yet again. I have tried to listen through the entire album all at once, but find it extremely difficult as the same problem of sound quality plagues the entire album. As such, I will often listen to individual songs and "put up" with the sound. But one SHOULD NOT have to put up with this lack of quality.It is truly a shame to hear these performances for the first time in such terrible quality. I give the album 2 stars because of its historical importance, and Mary Martin as always deserves 5 stars, but the album itself is truly a 0 star affair.One final comment, although it is of little consequence given the fact that I would certainly NOT recommend this album: The compiler of this album made a grave mistake in excluding songs from The Sound of Music and Peter Pan...In closing I would recommend that you hear Mary Martin's cast albums of South Pacific, The Sound of Music, and Peter Pan (OBC, all roles she originated), as well as Babes in Arms, Girl Crazy, and Annie Get Your Gun. All are available on CD/mp3 download in GREAT (*REMASTERED*) quality that won't leave your ears in pain.
These MP3s were made from someone recording an LP, as the scratches attest.  Do not expect (ADD) digital quality, as these cuts are all from somebody's LP.  Not sure if the CD was made the same way.  Might be better to get the CD directly from Peter's website: petersprague.com
I absolutely love the Ronny Jordan sound and his past Cds. But now this upbeat trash is far from his true talents. He need to stick with true smooth jazz and not the Caribbean Islands tempo. I'm ashamed I waited this long for his latest work that is a dud, in my opinion. With all respect to Ronny Jordan, I have nothing against him, please bring back your coolness in jazz and not the salsa mumbo jumbo.
Don't waste your money!!  I have the original vinyl LP of this release and just recorded it into a WAV file.  I bought this thinking it would be crisper and more detailed - WRONG!  The music is great ... but ....First - the MP3 speed is faster by about 5% thus sounding untrue - particularly noticeable on 'The Drifting Prophet' (which I used as a radio show theme song back in the day).Second - the volume level is pitifully low. I had to increase volume by over 200% through my laptop Sound Forge application.Very dissatisfied.  I won't buy any more MP3s or even CD for Mystic Moods.
For fans of David Allyn, his recordings are frustratingly obscure, nearly as elusive as the singer himself. So it was a pleasant surpriseto come upon this offering of a long out of print album---that is, until the MP3's were downloaded and played. Surface noise, unevenvolume and distortion made it clear from the start that the term "digitally remastered" has been used pretty loosely, in fact quite falsely,and the result is an insult to the discerning listener. Since  making this selection, I've acquired an authentic digital recording of My Lucky Day whichputs this MP3 offering to shame. Which is to say that a proper remastered edition does exist, and it is superior to what is being peddled here.
I love this track and use it fall asleep on those night that I need some help but at the end of the track, a man's voice comes on and says something like &#34;Thank you for listening, now go to the website blah blah and see what else we can sell you&#34; which wakes me instantly.  It would get 5 stars if not for that!  I didn't buy advertising!
Horrible Disco-ish and Pop & Muzak concoction pretending to pass as Fusion or jazz Rock. Don't waste time and money on this one if what you crave is for the old more adventurous work by this great german fusion and jazz pioneer.
It's a shame that a solid talent such as that possessed by Jane Beamant is wasted on recordings by a 4th rate composer, to whom the pianist is married.  Perhaps that is the only reason she bothered to record these insipid and unoriginal pieces.
Again, the quality of the mp3 is bad. There is static and track cut-offs. I will seek the physical real soon.
Sound okay.  Very short disc and no accompanying information.  I could live with the fact that it is a CDR.  Amazon's suppliers (including Amazon's own service) uses very good quality media and the discs are in good shape.  I used to get CDR's from India and they were of terrible quality.I cannot tell you how irritating to not have any information on the musicians, recordings dates and the like.  Perhaps these are pirate recordings. I do not know, but persons listening to Al Haig have an historical interest in jazz and all of the information that would satisfy that type of collector is missing.
Well I really like him as an actor.  He can fit many roles and his stature is imposing at 6 foot 2 inches.  Someone else commented here on his &#34;Jazz&#34; music but I guess my love of music is different.  He's a bit too, hmmm, high strung, fast paced for my ear.  Guess I like Smooth Jazz, some of Boney James' work and definitely Rick Braun.  But each to their own.
I purchased Jazz for A Rainy Day while trying to find an MP3 for a CD my dad owned 15 years ago with the same title.  Working in customer service for local government officials will make you crave and savor quiet time at home, and I thought a jazz album would be perfect.  The music is soft, non-obtrusive, and very relaxing.  I would have given the album more stars had it been longer.  Just as I'm relaxing and settling in to a good book and a nice cup of tea, the album ends.
I'm not going to comment on the specific tracks chosen for this....to each his/her own, but one thing is for certain - this is not the "best" of recording quality from this artists great book. I hope people will stop accepting and supporting mediocre/poor sound. Anyone even with cheap headphones can hear the sound quality difference between many (not all) of these tracks and others offered on Amazon. Pick and choose carefully, spend the time to check around. Never blindly download anything. There is some real drek floating about. You deserve better.
Bing talks between the songs...tells the story of the song...which is nice for fans but I am looking for the full songs only. Very disappointed that fact was not spelled out somewhere about this album.
I saw him in Jersey boys and just love his voice, and I expected something similar. This was more mood music with a full orchestra. It was good even excellent but a very different genre. A slow Michel Bubble
Do not buy this! half of the downloads are corrupted. The problem has been reported but nothing has been done yet to correct the problem! I've checked this every few days and it's still not been fixed. The part that is not corrupted is very good!
While I am a huge fan of Max Corbacho. (I think he's the next Steve Roach) This album with Bruno is very boring. If you're going to do one long track, make it interesting. This album is like Resonant Memory of Earth but lacking it's depth. There are no melodic lines anywhere to be found here, just noise with nature sounds. If I wanted this, I could of bought any nature album out there.So tired of these ambient guys doing the same thing over and over again. Max seems to be getting caught up in this realm which does him no justice at all. Max your genius is your keyboards, not noise. Please go back to your roots ie.(The Talisman, Breathstream, Ars Lucis etc.) Glad I only paid .99 cent for this, otherwise it would have been a ripoff. Sorry Max, I love your stuff but this one is a dud. if you're looking for 1 track cd's, try Steve Roach's Slow Heat or Dream Circle. These are true 1 track masterpieces.
Sounds like they used an old LP to master this then used the poor noise reduction out there, and it sound hollow and stifled.My old cassette copy from the original LP sounds better.
I don't know who threw this lot together but it sure wasn't off the same recording session/time. Some OK, many sound like old lifeless mono recordings. Pass or pick through specific tracks unless you're deaf or don't care.
Another reworking of the concept of marrying the diverse styles of Jazz and Samba. Competent performances, but uninspired arrangements. render this recording a primer, at best.
Music: Agnee1. Shuruwat Pyaar Ki ------------------------------------------------------- 8/10One of the nicest romantic tracks of recent times. Soft but distinct guitars and offbeat playback singers are it's strengths.Overall, the album is fairly decent. Agnee does a great job in the sense that the entire album has tracks that are likable to listen to. Just not that great to occupy a few megabytes on the MP3 players.
This is a low-quality recording of a live performance. If you are a big fan, you will like it, but other Wes albums are a lot better.
Art Pepper is one of my real heroes and his Galaxy, Tampa and Contemporary records are pure gold and will always be. But this is kind of release do not bring any more to that story than for real collectors, that want everything that is spelled Art Pepper. If you are one of them, it is probably 5 stars. But for me, it does not make the day. The sound is also very poor.
3 and 4 track did not play, I had it for one week, looking at the cd it did not look right
I should have sampled the entire CD.  After the first two songs the CD was a let down.  I thought it was smooth jazz and it went somewhere else.
these songs are not taken from the masters. they are very tinny sounding. nice to have the songs but buyer beware.
These songs have not really been remastered; they have been changed from mono into stereo.  In the process, several seconds have been added to each song.  The original monophonic recordings actually sounded better.
This is the second volume of the Mambo Dulcet Red Tailed Hawk. As in the previous album, Carlos decided to sing in this album. I don't know who told him he could sing. He is an amazing flutist but a mediocre singer. With so many good singers in New York, he could pay a couple of extra bucks and I bet the result would be much, much better. The selection of tunes in this album is excellent and the arrangements are beautiful. But when Carlos starts to sing, he kills the tunes. I have all his previous recordings: Arriving, Thoughts, El Flautista and Mambo Dulcet Red Tailed Hawk Vol 1 but until he does not stops singing, I think I will pass on this one and future ones. If it wouldn't have been for the singing, I would have given this album 5 stars.
The music is good, but it is hindered by the production. Sounds like it wasn't mastered.This cd could have really been nice to add to your collection. Solid grooves,smooth solos and melodies.
It's a shame really, because this could have been a really good album. Unfortunately the production and mastering of the songs is way out of balance. The highs are adjusted way too high which leaves the mids and lows almost non-existant. By the time you turn it up enough in order to hear the actual "meat" of the songs the highs are so ear-peircing that it is unbearable to listen to. And at least two of the tracks have, for some reason, the really low frequency adjusted way too high for such a frequency, so that it bottoms out the speakers, while still leaving the mids in the shadows somewhere. I don't know if this is the affect they were going for or if somebody just doesn't know what they are doing. If the frequencies were set properly this would actually be a very good album on the whole. However, as it stands, the album is barely tolerable to the human ear. What a shame. Maybe someday if I can find the time I will just remaster it myself in an attempt to salvage my purchase.
I am a huge Janis Siegel fan, adoring her range, and her ability to make unique out of familiar music. This recording however, is about as innocuous as can possibly be. She apparently set out to make a CD of 'relaxing evening songs', and it really is not much more than background music for a glass of wine and ready for sleep. MAYBE background music for romance, if you plan on paying no attention to the music whatsoever.
I really love Sarah, I love her albums Lullaby and the Great Pyramid one. But this one was very not calming, or breathtaking like her other albums.
The CD was nice until I got near the end, about 8 it kept skipping and the next one did the same.
You might wonder why I would bother downloading an album that I would predict was disappointing. That's because I've been collecting Pee Wee Hunt albums since I discovered ragtime and Dixieland as a kid (quite a few years ago...but who's counting?). His best albums were the early ones, like STRAIGHT FROM DIXIE, DIXIELAND CLASSICS, etc. Later on his music was too obviously arranged, and considering the size of his band (only three horns plus rhythm), it would take a brilliant arranger to make something of it. Lou Busch did two albums with Hunt (PEE WEE & &#34;FINGERS&#34; and CLASS OF '25). Busch was a fine arranger and did some interesting things with them. (It didn't hurt that he was playing piano as Joe &#34;Fingers&#34; Carr on those albums!) I don't know how many Hunt albums there were altogether. In fact, I'm not even sure how many I have. But because I'm what's called a &#34;completist&#34;, I'll no doubt buy whatever comes along. It would be wonderful if I stumbled upon another album of the early years that I didn't now about!
London band Glassglue have existed since 2003, but only just now recorded their debut album, &#34;Fantods&#34;.  Their sound takes the angular rhythms and atonal riffs of Birthday Party-inspired math rock and mellows down the timbres, focusing on simmering electric piano tones, understated percussive funk guitar figures, and awkwardly crooned confessional lyrics.German born singer Marcel Stoetzler takes center stage, playing the shy, socially awkward overanalyzer of social interactions, with such blunt and overly worded lyrics &#34;I wish I had not missed the class in which they taught the making of flattering remarks&#34; (from the disgustingly cute &#34;My Last Parachute&#34;).  He engages in such embarrassingly naive cliches as &#34;I want to give you for a gift half of the love I have for you, so that each one of us was possessed by an equal measure of love.&#34;  Elsewhere he states, &#34;I don't even want to write this song / All I want is to look at your face.&#34;  These lyrics are transcribed word for word, and such wallowing self pitying excesses are found in most every track on the album.I'm not one to find such maudlin self-flagellation endearing, though I cannot deny Marcel's earnestness.  I would enjoy his performance a lot more if he didn't have such a whimper in every word he uttered, and focused a bit more on consistency of pitch.  His voice is mixed louder than the rest of the band, and he seems to greedily draw my attention to himself every moment the record is playing.  I tend to get more out of the songs with less of a lyrical focus or sentimental bent, as it allows my ears to hone in on the band's unique form of triplet heavy, arpeggiated dissonance.Fans of Slint, Deerhoof or classic fusion keyboardist like Chick Corea will not be disappointed by the decisively jerky groove and heady guitar and keyboard interplay on &#34;Fantods&#34;.  There's a lot of subtle gradations of emotion in the hazy, jazz inflected tonalities of this album, and as a result I find myself quite disappointed whenever I realize that Marcel is whining yet again about his lack of success in romantic relationships.  These compositions deserve less mundane and redundant subject matter.In conclusion, there's a lot of very written and played music on this album, but only a couple songs I can actually enjoy in their current form, something I find quite frustrating.  Singer Marcel Stoetzler is certainly not my cup of tea, and I find him utterly impossible to ignore or tune out.  As good as the other players in this band are, I doubt I could count myself a fan of this band unless they outright replaced him.
I have been a Jackie fan for years and have everything she ever released, but this album totally turned me off.  The material was confusing and, while the musicians were competent, the writing and arrangements were not up to the standards of her earlier releases.  Much as I tried to find something to like, I didn't find one song that I would listen to again.  Jackie's voice is as good as ever, but the whole album is a wasted effort.  I never thought I would be writing a negative review of anything Jackie released, but this is one to pass up.