Did not want the original versions because of sound quality, am not an officionato. This album (MP3 download) did not live up to expectations. Sound is not bright, does not come out and hit you like some of the Starsounds recordings, and many tracks have tics and pops which make me believe it is a copied vinyl. If you just want to hear swing from the 30s then its OK for the price.
This album marks the recorded beginning of the Marco Benevento and Joe Russo Duo. This eponymous release is usually referred to as "Debut" or "Benevento/Russo Duo." Predating the band's use of gadgets such as electronic drums, this organic album plays straight organ jazz. It's all too easy to describe this as 'organ trio jazz,' despite there only being two musicians. It seems that from the beginning, Benevento and Russo had a remarkable ability to create a large sound. The music is very improvisational and leans heavily into psychedelia. Thus this adventure is very jamband friendly. "Debut" contains a combination of studio and live performances. While certain tracks wander through the avant-garde, others really cook. 'Improv 1' and 'Improv 2' are especially enjoyable.  "Debut" has two issues. First, while these guys have always had a signature sound, there's also the sense that nothing is being done here that hasn't been done before. The songs aren't especially compelling and much of "Debut" sounds like run-of-the-mill jamband infused jazz. Second, the production is mediocre. Some of the tracks sound like audience recordings made by a fan's taping rig. The album sounds a bit flat as the range lacks dynamic separation. "Debut" is an enjoyable listen, but it works best as an archival record of how the Duo started. Indeed, the issues associated with "Debut" would eventually get worked out with the release of efforts such as "Best Reason to Buy the Sun." Later albums and live performances show a maturation and sonic complexity that in contrast make "Debut" seem primitive. It would be a few years after this release that the band would hone their craft and truly make their mark. "Debut" is a good listen, but one that's best for completists.This product does not have a proper entry in the Amazon database. At the time of review, "Debut" was only listed as an mp3 download. Currently, Amazon does not offer the CD version of this album. The 'hard copy' version of this release exists, but it seems to be out-of-print and unavailable through Amazon.
Wish it were studio and not live. Love the artists and the tunes.  There needs to be a collection like this w/out audience noise.
This is a jazz album, and while I'm sure it's very well done, I was in fact looking for The New Regime, which is a progressive rock band that recently released Speak Through the White Noise.
Couple of tracks were excellent, but most others seem unfocused, a little out of date.  I'd probably buy it again based on quality of a couple tracks.
The accumulated years can be especially tough on vocalists and wind players.  Sometime around 1980 Harold Land's crisp, incisive articulations and incandescent sound deserted him, and intonation problems began to emerge.  The change was slower and less obvious in Farmer, but you can still sense the practically heroic effort required to sustain tone and maintain pitch.  For both players, the ideas are still there along with much of the technique, but the physical apparatus of the human body is becoming as much of a challenge to control as any instrument--and with this music a player has enough to think about without adding the burden of an uncooperative embrochure, diminished lung capacity, failing memory, etc.  Give both Land and Farmer all the credit in the world for keeping it going, staying in the game and playing for all they're worth as long as there's a game to be played.The responsive audience is a plus on this date.  In fact, maybe they, too, are aware that although the sounds they're hearing fall considerably short of what these two giants were once capable of producing, both players on the present occasion are laying it all on the line.  Unlike some jazz "legends," or "traditionalists," who merely coasted in late career, doing the same song every night and even singing it to lessen the stress, Farmer and Land are still playing as though their lives depended on it--which may not have been far from the truth.  You can only hope that many in the audience went back to the early recordings to discover what the fuss was all about.
Good stuff in a sort of Tom Waites- or Andrew Bird variety- an good addition to your music library. Try it
I liked this quartet because it reminds me of the sets I used to listen to in jazz clubs.  But track 12 has technical issues.
The noted trumpeter leads some rousing uptempo numbers but also a few dreary ballads and a fair share of indulgent self-conscious "wildness" to only make this day o.k.
3 1/2Appetizing jazz from a little known bassist  is certainly good enough to be spread over a little more, with wide ranging influences already showing breakout potential.
I admire all 3 musicians on this disc. Not sure what went wrong but there is just no life in the music. For a much better listening experience, see Lagrene's duets with Sylvain Luc, Vitous's collaborations with Philippe Petit and Antonio Farao, and also the excellent Coryell/Vitous quartet record
This is a great performance by the Tristano band. Good selection of tunes, unfortunately the recording is poor quality and when the group breaks into their familiar unison runs the mix gets really muddy. This is a good record for someone who can't get enough of the Tristano school, but if you aren't familiar don't start here, Tristano is nearly inaudible under all the other instruments, in particular the guitar.
Presents an octet recording session held by electric jazz guitarist Grant Green in 1970 with Blue Mitchell on trumpet and Claude Bartee on tenor sax backed by organ, electric bass, and three percussionists (including Idris Muhammad on the drum kit).  Blue Note featured this performance of Lennon & McCartney's "A Day in the Life" on its compilation CD,Blue Note Plays the Beatles.  It's an interesting arrangement of the Beatles number, which in the original is divided into parts with different melodies.  In this version, the organ offers a brief prelude to set up the dominant melody ("I saw the news today..."), which Green plays dutifully once before setting off a series of solos (guitar, sax, organ).  They then resolve into the second theme ("Woke up, got outta bed...") before Green lets loose a second solo distinct from the first not only because of his playing but also because a gradually rising organ chord behind him adds a hopeless and foreboding feeling that the first, bluesy solo lacked.  This guitar/organ sound can be difficult for many modern listeners; I've heard it described as "cheesy" or "creepy" or (more politely) dated.  But if you can get past it, some of this stuff is great jazz.
Will not download error,  any other aMp3 no problem
I'm a huge Rick Braun fan, and Richard Elliot is one of my favorite saxmen. I've seen these guys play together live, and it's amazing. But this recording didn't have the energy, lightness or air of improve that you get when seeing them live. It feels too orchestrated, too tight. I play it once in a while, and would recommend seeing them LIVE whenever you get the chance. But this CD's just not  a good representation of how great these two really are, IMHO.
I saw a play about the life of Judy Holliday, and learned that Judy wrote and sang her own songs. Unfortunately, the woman playing Judy sang 100 times better than the real Judy. I don't recommend this record.
A bit too straight.  I've been following the Mills Bros. for a lifetime, would have appreciated it more had they used more stylization
I would give the album 5 stars. It is a great piece of music. However the mp3 version was not correctly digitized and some songs have skips when playing. This is evident if you preview Concierto Aranjuez. Also the name on the listing is incorrect it should be "Este camino largo".If it is fixed this review can be withdrawn.
There are some CDs I buy out of blind faith.Mishka Adams' first album ("God Bless the Child", 2004) was kind of one of them. "Kind of" because while I haven't heard of her then, I looked at the CD credits and decided that if this girl is backed up by the most accomplished and promising musicians in the local jazz scene, this record must be good.That album undoubtedly had her stamp on it. Amid the din of the Michael Bubl&eacute;s and Norah Joneses of this season - the British-Filipina Mishka stood out with her extraordinary take on the Great American Songbook tunes and her even richer original compositions. While the typical 20 year-old would wail about broken hearts and the angsts of youth - here's one that reflects still on wonderment of exotic places ("Marrakech"), memories of loved ones ("Mama's Garden") and looking forward to the future ("War of the Skies", "Where Do I Begin"), but infused with an ethereal sense of observation of the world around her that's incredibly beyond her years. But then, she must indeed be a blessed child.So when I saw her sophomore album "Space" at the store, I didn't think twice about getting it, despite the fact that this time, she is backed up by a British jazz group. I got excited at the prospect of an entire album of songs that she's written as after all, her originals were my biggest favorites in the first album. Sometimes blind faith has its rewards.But sometimes, they don't. Mishka's signature sophisticated vocals is still very much "Space's" highlight and some individual songs have its moments, like "Disguise" with a little bit of 60s indie sound, the title track "Space" that has this melancholy air which reminds me of Diana Krall's original "Departure Bay", the short but sweet cornet solo in "Angel", and the melodic but airy samba beat of "Under a Brazilian Sky". Somehow, though, the album lacks the same energy and diversity of "God Bless the Child". Maybe slow-tempo jazz just isn't my cup of tea. The songs are not lacking in depth, these are very personal to Mishka, after all. But maybe I'm trying to seek the mundanities and poignance that will help me connect with them more. Or maybe, it's just the subtle arrangements do not make for a good combination with Mishka's impressionistic lyrics. Perhaps the individual songs would benefit better as part of a more diverse compilation. Thrown together, the effect became a little monotonous.(As an aside to that, it's a coincidence that I felt a bit similarly about Krall's first effort at releasing an album with originals dressed in a more bluesy/fusion-y cloak, "Girl in the Other Room".)
Ella Fitzgerald is always enjoyable.  I don't know when this was recorded, but it is good middle-of-the-road ballads and swing.  I'm surprised that it's free.  Like, how does Amazon make any money doing that?  But for the price it can't be beat.
There are 8 good cuts here & two of them are repeats of the same chart with perhaps slightly different personnel. The good cuts are Band Aide (both versions), Dimples (both versions), El Congo Valiente, Walkin', Afoo, & La Suerte De Los Tontos. Fidelity is about what you would expect from airchecks. Outstanding band, soloists, & charts. Certainly not among the best albums by Richards but 8 tracks of very nice listening.
I didn't realize that this CD was not of my regular choosing!It may deserve a 5 star for someone of a younger generation!
This CD of familiar Disney songs sung by Louis Armstrong - the late great Satchmo - is not the best performance of his career, nor is it the best Disney disc available.  Nonetheless, it is quite entertaing and fun to listen to with or without your children.Don't purchase this if your looking for the best Satchmo performance, or the traditional arrangements of Disney tunes.But if you're open minded and enjoy a little flavor, pick it up as a treat to hear one of the greatest musicians of all time fly through a number of happy tunes in his own special way.  Including adding a few syllables to the nonsensical syllable songs &quot;Chim-Chim-Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah&quot; - still recommended, especially for parents who want to introduce their children to jazz music.
One of Louis Armstrong's talents was to turn an otherwise unremarkable song into a classic.  Unfortunately, his talent is stretched to the limit here by some kitschy arrangements and overwrought vocal accompaniment.  Satch still manages to shine in a couple of numbers, though - notably Chim-Chim-Cheree and the Bare Necessities.  I found my copy on sale in a clearance outlet for 99, and thought it was a pretty good deal for one of the stranger jazz albums I've ever heard.
PLEASANT RENDITIONS FOR CHILDREN.  OUTSTANDING VERSIONS OF ZIPPITY DOO DAH, AND WHEN YOU WISH UPON A STAR.  BEST THING ABOUT ALBUM IS CHILDREN GET TO HEAR LOUIS ARMSTRONG'S TRUMPET PLAYING!
I would have wanted to know before I purchased this music that my Amazon MP3 downloader would no longer download MP3s and albums and thAT THE NEW dOWNLOADER COULD NOT BE SAVED ON MY SYSTEM.  I do not know if I ill efer get to hear this album even though I have paid for it..  As a customer who looked forward to getting new Amazon MP3s on a daily basis and which is now lost to me I am very dissapointed.  I suppose the money I save each month will help ease my dissapointment to some extent because I do not like itunes applications and wont keep one on my computer.  Well I have many gigibits of music which I purchased from Amazon  and some of it is even backed up.  If I ever get to listen to this Album I may write a review because I love much of the good Brasilien music.
The audio and visual quality of the Chaos in Motion DVD's are very poor. One would think at some points that it was filmed by an amateur with a personal video camera!The "Live at Budokan" and "Metropolis" DVD's have far superior audio/visual quality. Rather spend your money on those before you buy Chaos in Motion.
Well I'm writing another review as Amazon hasn't posted my first one. Maybe it's a good thing since I've had a few days to process my thoughts on this DVD and CD set. Before I start I would like to point out that I am no novice on Dream Theater and own pretty much everything to date, save the bootlegs! Here are my thoughts:Things I don't like1. Video quality is literally pathetic and whoever came up with the idea to release them raw, should rethink their strategy. You DON'T release something like Score and Budokan and then this, you DON'T.2. Audio mix is not great. Some songs sound ok whilst others sound thin and there is no bass. I will mention that the playing is exeptional though, except LaBrie but I'll get to that.3. James LaBrie - seems like a great guy but as for his live singing, bad, very bad. He obviously can't hit all the notes anymore (perhaps he was just sick or something). His straining is obviously, especially when he dashes for the water after a series of high notes. The guy can sing no doubt and I can't fault him in the studio. I will say that his singing on the Score DVD was exceptional. Is it only me or does he go flat sometimes?Things I like:1. The playing by the musicians as always is exceptional.2. The bonus disc documentary is great and really gives you insight into a tour.3. Studio stuff was nice, but again the filming was subpar, especially on Myung. Also it was very uncreatively done. A studio tour would have been the ultimate bonus feature for me.4. The stage tour by MP is cool, but a little unecessary as they cover all that stuff in depth in the documentary.5. The audio discs are a plus, but not essential for me as I prefer to watch a live show than listen to it.6. Great packaging!!! But I can't help thinking that the nice "wrapping" and extra 3 audio discs were added to cover up for this sets many flaws.7. Live projections and music videos are super!!!!Let me say that if the video quality was as good as Score, I would have given this Set 4 (-1 star for LaBrie's bad performance). Hardcore DT fans should buy this and will find it a worthy addition to their collection, but if you are new to DT, start with Budokan and Score.
I wrote a review for the set that just contains the 2 DVD's.  So I won't go into how bad the video quality is.  Having said that, having the 3 cd's is worthwhile as the band does a great job here, but the DVD production ruins it!
You all know Dream Theater right? Complex time signatures, soaring melodies, unrivalled musicianship, epic songs and quality products no matter what's released.I am a huge DT fan, I love them to bits and of all the 700 albums I have I would say DT are in my top 3 favourite bands ever. So like any other DT fan I was counting down the days to receiving this little gem, the tracklisting looked really interesting and couldn't wait to see their live versions of some of my favourite DT tunes (Take The Time and Lines in the Sand).To be honest though, I am a little disappointed. To put it bluntly the sounds and pictures are average at best, the concert clips are effectively 'raw footage' from camcorders, and the sound just seems muddy and a little distorted - too much drum on one track, not enough drum on the other, too much guitar, too little guitar - you get the picture.I suppose my expectations are a little high, a) because this is DT and b) because their previous live DVD efforts (Score and Live at Budokan) were visually and sonically superior to anything I have seen from other bands.However, if you are a proper DT fan then this is essential, as is anything else they have done, because the live versions are still cool to listen to and there are some interesting interviews with the band.If you are new to DT then I would definitely recommend buying 'Score' and 'Live at Budokan' first as a real indication of how damn good this band are.
is this really limited to 5000 copies or is is 100000 copies around?????great st will buy again
Elizabeth has a nice voice, good technique and knows how to sing. Good band, good repertoire. She is not always a convincing actress. A pleasant but not memorable CD.
I'm not sure this album ever existed, that is, other than as a direct download. The fact that the "album cover" emulates older, circa 1960's releases doesn't help a newcomer distinguish old from new, either. Truth be told, most of these tracks come from Jamal's superb Pershing show in '58, albeit in non-sequential form. The other tracks are culled from various other live performances. As an introduction to Jamal, it's a great sampling, to be sure, and some of the best music the man ever committed to vinyl, but why not just pick up the Pershing show in its entirety?
This version wasn't the one that I liked most but I did enjoy listening to the music it was ok
Knowing Frank Colon as a percussionist, I bought this album hoping for some great percussion highlights. Unfortunately, what I got was a latin-jazz album that sounds as though it were designed specifically with the 'smooth jazz' crowd in mind. By this I mean that it is fairly bland, not at all experimental, long on sax solos and short on percussion. Why do I have to listen to a 4 minute alto sax solo so that I can hear the 15 second cuica solo that I really bought the album for? I don't get it, really. However, if you are a smooth jazz fan who likes a little latin flavor played by good musicians, this may be for you. If you are going for percussion, this is the wrong album for you.
If there had been a Top 40 Billboard chart back when these tracks were new, many of them would have made the chart. Other bands of the era also played and recorded these same tunes.Unfortunately, several of the tracks are marred by clicks, crackle and hiss. This is totally unnecessary in the 21st century, as the clean tracks on this same album show. There are other Glen Miller albums that have been properly cleaned up, so buy one of those instead. There are much older jazz tracks that are free from noise on the Ken Burns Jazz 5 CD set, for example, so there's no excuse for this sort of noise today.I'm sorry that I didn't hear the noise on the tracks when I previewed them before downloading the album. I think the noise may explain the price of $4.99 for 25 tracks. Too bad, the music is enjoyable and is of considerable historical interest.I've been cleaning up the noise with Nero Wave Editor, but I don't think that this should have been necessary.
The music is good, and the content even better. There is just some use of "slanguage" I dont appreciate hearing on a Christian album. I certainly wouldnt recommend for children at all.
In the decade since the Cherry Poppin' Daddies' breakthrough compilation "Zoot Suit Riot," much as changed in the music landscape. The opportunities for success on a mass scale have further fragmented amidst the decline of commercial radio and the isolation tanks of iPods, and the chance of a left-field revival combining `40s swing and `60s ska is just that much more remote. Older and wiser, the Cherry Poppin' Daddies seem to realize that the opportunity for a commercial career revival is likewise slim and that like their earliest efforts, their best direction is to follow their musical muse. That thinking has lead them back to ska beats, but wedded more often to south-of-the-border flourishes than big band swing. Flamenco provides the heavily strummed guitars, handclaps and castanets of "Roseanne," and the flute-and-guitar of "Breathe" echoes Brazillian jazz of the 1960s. The album is neatly bookended by English and Spanish-language versions of "Bust Out" ("Arra'ncate"). The horn and rhythm sections still swing dancers around the floor, as on the manic ska "White Trash Toodle Oo" and the mid-tempo rockabilly "The Mongoose and the Snake," but it's no longer the band's only calling card. There are some new elements here, including the vocal harmonies that end "Blood Orange Sun," the cool organ of "Hammerblow," and the surprisingly straight rock of "Julie Grave." There are a few weak links stacked up at disc's end ("The Good Things" sounds like mediocre `70s soft-rock, and the vocal on "Wingtips" sounds like a rehearsal), but overall, fans will enjoy this new helping of the `Daddies ska-based eclecticism. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2008 hyperbolium dot com]
Eugene Yamamoto takes a creative path through attempts to integrate western jazz with the music of his ancestry, Koto. Hints or suggestions of Koto can be heard behind the standard patterns of jazz and fusion, a refreshing sound for Asians and westerners alike.
Mr. De' is as talented as Saint Germain and Vikter Duplaix, except for the minor detail of "focus" which on this album he loses for a large chunk of the album. He has a beautiful beginning and a equally splendid long goodbye, but where the meat of the album should be, he is absolutely off track using broad strokes that misses its mark. The continuity of the album is absolutely lost somewhere after the first few tracks, reducing the album to merely a few choice cuts, rather than a classic must-have. Intelligence is in the material, but undermined by the awkward attempt to prove it
Born William Oliphant in Canada on November 25, 1906, and after moving to the U.S. with his family at a young age, under the name Will Osborne he formed his first dance band in New York City at the tender age of 18 in 1924, one of the few band leaders/vocalists who also played drums. Right from the start the most identifiable aspect of his bands, usually 17 in number, was the heavy use of the slide trombone, and soon his growing popularity playing various venues would land him a year's gig at The Kentucky Club, taking over from, of all people, the legendary Duke Ellington.Over the years, starting in about 1930, he would record prolifically for a number of labels, including Perfect, Banner, and Black & White, but his six national hit singles came with Mellotone, Columbia and Decca. And while he employed a number of different vocalists at various stages of his career, among them Joan Whitney, Janice Todd, Dorothy Rogers, Eileen Wilson and Lynn Davis - to add the female touch - he himself sang on most of his releases, including all six hit singles. In fact, his claim later in life to have introduced the style known as "crooning" would be met by an often heated difference of opinion by Rudy Vallee who saw himself as the originator.A gifted songwriter as well (Pompton Turnpike became a huge hit for Charlie Barnet in 1940), his was essentially a touring band, and when the U.S. entered WW II in December 1941, he set up a new base in Los Angeles where he and his band also appeared in several films such as In Society and Swing Parade Of 1946. He continued with ever-decreasing in size bands right into the early years of R&R; before assuming the role of Entertainment Director at the Lake Tahoe, Nevada nightclub Harvey's. After retiring to Newport Beach, California, he passed away at age 75 on October 22, 1981.Sadly, there's not much available of his music on CD, and so far just this one devoted entirely to his music, which initially came out as a vinyl LP from Hindsight Records. Unfortunately, by concentrating on 1936 and his Decca output, it only includes a previously-unreleased version of one of his six hits, that being It's De-Lovely, originally from the Broadway musical Red Hot And Blue, which finished at # 14 in January 1937 on Decca 1058. Here too is a previously-unreleased version of the flipside, Tea On The Terrace.Two others that also appeared as a Decca single were That Foolish Feeling/Where Are You? (Decca 1075), as did his theme song, The Gentleman Awaits, although that did not come out on disc until 1938 (Decca 2442 b/w Tell Me, Pretty Maiden), and Listen To The Glissen, also a 1938 release on Decca 1905 as the flip of the July # 17 hit, So Lovely, no rendition of which is not here, so it's quite possible some or all of the other selections also appeared on record after 1936.His other hits were: Cocktails For Two, from the film Murder At The Vanities, his first which hit # 15 in June 1934 on Mellotone 12996 b/w Live And Love Tonight; Soon, from the film Mississippi, which ended up at # 20 in April 1935 on Mellotone 13330 b/w Would There Be Love?; That's What You Think, from the film King Solomon Of Broadway, which became his best at # 13 in August/September 1935 on Columbia 3080 b/w If You Were As Lonely; and Silver On The Sage, his final hit which peaked at # 20 in October 1938 on Decca 1951 b/w When Twilight Comes.We need a proper compilation containing all 12 original sides of his six hits with perhaps selected entries from some of the other labels where he recorded.
Well I guess someone has to do a review..Being that I am Will's Step Son and probably the only one alive who even knows who he was. Will was a Big Band leader who did pretty well in his time. All his music was classic of that era and he was very loved by his fans. Will was the Music Director for Abbott and Costello for a time and Will did a couple of movies back in the day. Will's latter days were as the Entertainment Director at Harveys Casino in Lake Tahoe from the early 60's until the late 70's. He lived out his life in Neport Beach California until his Death in 1981. I have a pile of his records that were given to me. I enjoy them from time to time and I just have put them on my computer in MP3 format for myself to enjoy on my MP3 player.
The recording technique of the 30th reduces naturaly  listening quality.There are tomuch vocals and only a few instrumental solos
Would have enjoyed a little more variety and pep on some of the songs.. all of the songs were very drawn out.
Back in the day, around 1985 or 86 I purchased this on vinyl. I still have it in storage.There was an influx of awesome quality bootlegs from Frank Zappa. It had to be an inside job. the art, the sound quality, everything was high standard for a boot.When Frank got wind of these bootlegs he took it upon himself to exact revenge on these perps, and released their copies of the work they stole from him in  the  first place. That's the beat the boots series.This recording of the original Mothers, although not high quality by todays standards, present one of the most original and talented bands of all time.A snapshot if you will of a moment that I would never be able to experience.Frank never would have released this himself, so the bootleggers actually performed a great service to us .In theory bootleggers are scum. making money from other people's work, but they release the stuff that the ultra fan wants. people who have already bought all the official releases want more. the egos of artists can't get past this.As a Grateful Dead fan I personally won't buy bootleg material(it's kind of an unwritten code. The Dead actually let people tape their shows, so to sell a bootleg was taboo.) only trade. But there is a definite need for this stuff.Anyway, I'll get off my soapbox.If You're a Zappa fan and especially a Mothers fan and want to hear some awesome early Mother's jamming, this is the  thing for you. And it's supported by the Zappa family trust.Now if they would only allow the downloading of Frank's official discography.... I have A lot of room on my ipod for that.Buy this ..you won't be sorry.
I noticed that the release date for this MP3 version of &#34;Latin Beat&#34; doesn't quite indicate the &#34;original&#34; release date of the Francis Bay LPs that led up to the present offering. Bay's Big Band recorded a number of sessions at the Brussels Worlds Fair in 1958. Included were arrangements of big band classics such as the Dorseys, Glenn Miller, Harry James, and Ted Heath. As a kid back then, I bought the whole catalog, with &#34;Flag Wavers&#34; being my personal favorite.This album then is a re-release of &#34;Flag Wavers,&#34; with &#34;Kings Cross Climax&#34; the most fun.
Amen is a powerful arrangement.  I suggest getting just Amen from this one and getting the entire Freedom No Go Die. The music of Kapital is good, but the lyrics are dumb and hard to ignore.
This CD includes many of Mancini's best recordings.I have been a Dave Pell Octet fan since 1954.  ButAfter hearing the samples I much prefer the Mancinioriginals. Stay with the vintage wine.
I was so happy to see this whole set for a really good price, the sound quality kinda sucks but I like and remember all the songs
This posting indicates that 'First Steps' has just been released, but I know for a fact I got this CD a couple of years ago. As for various artists titles go, it's alright. Ten diverse artists to fully check out here. Tracks I liked best were the two songs by Finland's progressive ensemble - Circle - "Stotch" and "Northern Sky", Hans Joachim Irmler (Faust organist) with the well-written "Museum", Kangaroo Moon's "Love Is" and the awesome Faust exclusive "I Can, U2?" Definitely not for everyone, but be sure to listen to this site's sound clips and decide for yourself.
I used to LOVE this music when I was younger, but now I find it a little hard to listen to. I do recomend it for those whom are fans of the avant garde ie. John Zorn or Albert Alier.
im trying to expand my horizons by listening to other music, some jazz connoisseurs I know suggested duke ellington  I bought it and  im really like &#34;blah&#34; maybe its something that ill come back to in ten years and feel like its the best piece of music in my collection but for right now.....blah,blah,blah.
Its nice to have some of the old standards on my mp3 player. He had some great music, and it's a pleasant experience.
If it helps, the real titles of these songs are;1) The Heaven2) The Wood3) The Standard4) The Wheel5) The PainterWhoever posted the mp3s probably just mashed the keyboard with their fist from the looks of it.Somehow, the CD edition of this album crops up as being listed as a 'single.' There's really no way that can be, must be a mistake. This is not on the Tzadik label, probably accounting for its import price. Anyone heard of the label 'Fred'? Purchasing the mp3s here is obviously a better deal.At first I thought this album would be Fred making guitar noise and John Zorn making sax noise. While that's the case some of the time, I also hear water splashing, people chuckling (it's a live recording), things being hit with sticks, and who knows what else. It's an awful lot of racket coming from just two people.It all depends on your opinion of avant-garde.
This is a frustrating album from a research perspective, and an amazing forty-five minutes of music and history.Do not let my star rating deter you from purchasing this album - after all, it is all about the music and I can assure you listening is a five star experience.On the other hand, it is doubtful that Dizzy is on more than a few tracks. Monk may have been on one or two (which is an unadvertised bouns.) The best timeframe I can come up with is 1940-41. My line of reasoning for those dates is Charlie Christian was known to be active at Minton's Playhouse in NYC during that period. And regarding the possible presence of Dizzy and Monk - some songs like Hot House, Groovin' High and Dizzy Atmosphere are closely associated with him and the trumpet does sound somewhat like him. And, yes, I am being ambiguous too.Here is the line-up of musicians who are likely on most of the tracks: Joe Guy on trumpet, Don Byas on sax, Nick Finton on bass and Kenny Clarke on drums. And I will concede that Dizzy and Monk may be on some of the tracks.Of course, if you are a guitarist who wants to study Charlie in depth, this is definitely a five star album and who is accompanying him is a moot point. However, the two issues here are accurate labeling. First, if Dizzy is on less than a third of the tracks a trumpeter may feel a bit cheated if he or she purchased this to study Dizzy. Second, for history's sake - something important to those of us who research this stuff - knowing when, where and who adds value to this album.Regardless of who can be positively identified, the music here is exciting and shows the embryonic stage of a sub genre of jazz that would forever change the music.
Dark and deep cinematic jazz on Briskey's third album, BEFORE-DURING-AFTER. There's some serious noir lurking around on "The Wire," and "Le Desir De L'Autre" sounds like an aching heart. Indeed, there's a 'live feel' to the jazz here, as if the listener were in a dark basement gin joint. The crazed sax on "Lost City," for example, sounds improvised, and while the wandering, noodly bits on "Ossessione" seem to obsess over themselves, "Detour Obscure" has a tighter focus, with the same dark turns. To my ears, the instrumentals work better than the vocal pieces: "After Hours" sounds too much like a soundtrack to an 80s 'erotic thriller,' complete with overblown vocals. "Spellbound," on the other hand, handles itself nicely, and the long-titled "The Man With An Oiled Mustache That Ends In Two Short Spikes Standing On The Corner Of The Street" stays true-to-form with an extended meditation. "End Titles" takes the album out on a loungey theme. Interesting, if not always smooth.
3 stars is not about the music but is about the missing 26 songs. I like the music and would give it at least 4 stars, maybe 5.
Kristin Korb is a great jazz artist, but the selections on this new collection, in my opinion, leave a lot to be desired.  She has done so much better on previous releases.
This album is more new age than classic jazz, which is what I was expecting.  However, it's pretty nice for party background music, or maybe to read by.
Bold Monkey's, "Another Way to Say Human Race," CD is a collection of contemporary folk songs from a singer-songwriter with a keen and well-honed sense of song craft and the voice to put them over. Employing only the sparest of guitar phrasing, Bold Monkey achieves a stripped-down, open mic coffeehouse intimacy to showcase compelling songs full of wry and incisive observations. Recalling the wordplay of an Elvis Costello or Joe Henry on songs such as "If You're Lucky" and "Enlightenment Is In Question," Bold Monkey's Dylan Joshua Edmiston successfully navigates the demands of the nowhere-to-hide song arrangements with a deft touch. On the Dylan-esquely titled, "Navigably Subsequent," comparisons to Costello is also deserved for the constricted and breathy vocal delivery that snakes in and out of light-as-air guitar fills and tastefully understated vibes accompaniment. While "Another Way to Say Human Race" is utterly contemporary in approach and sensibility, Bold Monkey's fine CD nevertheless resonates with the timelessness that true craftsmanship always renders.  Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team
INDIE MUSIC STOPMarc Cancassi wears many different artistic hats including, actor,director, producer, book author and musician. It's as a musician that we've known Marc having reviewed three of his previous releases on our site:Days to Remember,Journey Into Time,and White Stone.With each new CD it seems like Marc moves his musical style in a new direction. On Turning Point you'll find seven instrumental tracks that are filled with rich layered sounds.Stylistically the music is a blend of electronic, experimental,and progressive rock. When the first track (FACTORY OF IDOLS)started playing I thought that my stereo was going wacky, until my ears adjusted up to the barrage of unusual electronic sounds and noises that were coming from the speakers.The remaining songs found on this release go for more of a layered sound picking out a base instrument:guitar(NO RETURN);piano (TURNING POINT)and then layering other parts(CITY SONG)on top of them.You'll also find, repeated notes(MR. H), scale runs, and chord progression used in the songs.Turning Point is a CD that might not appeal to the masses,but the niche audience that appreciates its style will find themselves very satisfied after listening to it.- CW ROSS/April 09'
While some tracks on this are a bit on the ho-hum side, "Deck The Halls" brings the house down; 23 royal minutes of some serious cutting. Lew Soloff & Clark Terry on trumpets bring it like the salvation of their souls depended on it. And when you think you've about heard it all, Gail Wynters comes in scatin' while  Jimmy Slyde taps, taps, and tap-dances on "We Three Kings". Where else are you gonna get scating and tap dancing on a "Noel" album? No folks, inspite of the seasonal cheese patina & outlandish costumes, this CD is actually a jam for all seasons and reasons. The personnel  of ol' stalwarts like Ron Carter, Dave Brubeck, Lionel Hampton, Tito Puente & Jon Faddis. Buy it for the zaniness, but keep it for the music.C. Rex, Thump, thump, thump .....Short Review - "Bending Towards the Light - a Jazz Nativity" (Audio CD)
This is a good album that is very easy to listen to. Because of the low sounds it tends to stay in the background when you are listening to it, but its good and from an indie artist. It is worth having in your collection.
It really isn't as good as his later work. Coco Part 2 has much more memorable tracks on it, and it's a much better purchase.This album randomly has two hip-hop/rap tracks on it that don't fit the rest of the tone of the album, and both feature lackluster lyrics sung by even more lackluster artists.Save yourself the money and buy Part 2. You'll enjoy it much more.
I don't know what this label and disc are exactly - apparently, an mp3 download offer rather than a CD, but from the track listing it is clear that this is the Swingle Singers' 1988 Irving Berlin disc,The Swingle Singers Sing Irving Berlin, although the order of the songs is reshuffled. Other than the imprecision of the title and contents, the cover photo here is tantamount to deception: it represents the original, Paris-based Swingle Singers from the 1960s, none of whom (and by a long shot) were members of the group that recorded the Berlin album in 1988.The same program, same kind of unspecific title and deceptive photo (but other company) are listed asTop Hat White Tie And Tails.1988 was the centenary of Berlin's birth. The Swingle Singers had already sung some of the American song and Broadway standards, Stephen Foster, Cole Porter, Gershwin, Hammerstein & Kern, Sondheim, but other than "White Christmas" (an old companion since their 1968 albumChristmastime), it was the first time they tackled Berlin.The arrangements should not be heard as "imitations" of the original deliveries of the song (as with the wordless and "dee-duming" arrangements of the great hits of Classical music with which the Swingle Singers became an instant success in the early 1960s), but as "re-creations" or "variations", the same way as when Jazz musicians pick up old standards and play them in their own style. Many of the original or near-original performances of the songs selected by the Swingle Singers can be found on You Tube. The style and atmosphere of the Swingle Singers' arrangements are very different, and little of the 1920s to 40s music-hall and Broadway athmosphere is left. The arrangements fall in two styles: a few are purely "a cappella" in a manner typical of the Comedian Harmonists or of the Swingle Singers themselves from the 1990s onwards, or just lightly orchestrated. They gain a sweet and silky elegance that makes them a mixture of the English madrigal tradition and the 1950s-to-1970s sentimental crooning style of popular music for mass consumption: track 4 "White Christmas" (a cappella), 6 beginning of "Blue Skies", 7 beginning of "The Song is Ended", 10 "How Deep is the Ocean" (purely "a cappella"), 13 "What'll I Do" (a cappella), 15 "Marrying For Love / The Girl That I Marry", 17 beginning of "They Say It's Wonderful", 20 "Always" (a cappella). The purely a cappella arrangement turns "Count Your Blessings" (track 9) into a lovely Christmas Carol. The also purely a cappella "It's A Lovely Day Today / Isn't It A Lovely Day" (track 1) is fun with its numerious vocal percussion effects, and likewise with Track 12 "Stepping Out With My Baby" (which has a long solo for saxophone in the middle), one of the best, with many vocal percussion effects, turning it into a quasi-Beatles song, and in both the change for a more dynamic mood is very welcome. Track 3 "Puttin' on the Ritz" (with discreet jazz drums) and 5 "Abraham" (drums, piano and bass) are very successful too, the latter very much in the "vocalese" style of Hendricks-Lambert-Ross or Double Six de Paris, with a long solo for scattting then (I think) bugle in the middle.But many are very typical of what the ensemble had been doing in the 1970s and 1980s. As in their Live 1987 concert at Ronnie Scott's (The Swingle Singers Compilation Album (Reflections & Live at Ronnie Scotts)), many of their arrangements are heavily scored, adding a sizeable "pop-music" instrumental accompaniment (keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, trumpet, saxophone, harmonica) which turns those songs, in the best cases, in Big Band Jazz (track 14 "I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm", 16 "No Strings"), but more often into pop music - and pop of the most commercial kind at that, the one you'd find in cocktail lounges, not too loud not to disturb the patrons, as in tracks 8 "Top Hat, White Tie And Tails", 6 "Blue Skies", 17 "They Say It's Wonderful", 7 "The Song is Ended", 11 "Cheek To Cheek / Let's Face The Music And Dance". In track 2, Ginger Rogers' "Let Yourself Go" (from "Follow the Fleet") is morphed beyond recognition - but the Swingle Singers' funky version is fun, too. They turn "Heatwave" (track 19) into music for Walt Disney's "The Lion King" - prescient, considering that the CD came 6 years before the film. In itself, the Swingle's arrangement is very effective and entertaining.Ultimately, the problem is not that the Swingle's arrangements loose the atmosphere and spirit of the 1920s to 40s Music Hall and musicals. After all, when Ella and Louis sing "Change Partners" or "Ive Got My Love to Keep Me Warm", you also loose the original and "authentic" Berlin spirit. But the problem is not what you loose, it is what you gain, and we know what's gained with Ella and Louis. So the problem with many of these Swingle Singers' arrangements is that what we get in exchange is commercial cocktail-lounge pop music of the 1970s. We were better off with 1920s-to 40s Music Hall and musicals. As for the purely "a cappella" stuff, while very pretty, much of it is relatively repetitive in its sentimental-silky atmospheres.Unless it is downloads you want, better buy the "real" CD issue (link above) - but note that at the time of writing it can be found for MUCH cheaper on Amazon.uk, even including overseas postage, see ASIN B005K0S64W, B0000274MY and B00008YGWJ. For details on the songs, including links to early recordings that will give you the "authentic" Irving Berlin spirit, see my review of the CD.
I was glad to see this classic LP released in digital format...and with the original cover artwork to boot.  The only problem is, the source sounds suspiciously like it was taken from a LP.  There are pops and clicks.  I realize that some of these old albums from the 50's and 60's may have the master tapes missing or degraded beyond repair.  But for god sake, please list that in the album description.  PRO: good to have this album preserved digitally, CON: sounds like my LP--I wish I had a sparkling version from the master tapes.
I love this album because it has all the classics together in a great CD. If you like opera buy it.
The Mice World Tour album presents a very innovative and captivating set of electronic music. MICE has found a way to incorporate nature and environmental sounds in electronic music, that enhances the nature sounds while also retaining the essence of nature sounds throughout each piece. The first half of the tracks use nature sounds like sand of Naimbia dessert, indian ocean waves, and movements of lava and volcanic sounds in addition to electronic music to produce rhythmic compositions. The other half of the tracks are not as easy to listen to as the first half, however they use radio clips of different locations instead of nature sounds that result in a harsher sounds and abrupt transitions.The first track, "sandstorm," integrates recordings of the sand movements in the Naimbia dessert throughout the entire piece.  The repetitive high pitched and fast whistle sound provides a simple rhythm for the entire piece while also providing a huge contrast against the low pitch and slow sand sounds. The sand sounds in the context of the other electronic sounds in the piece, also can be characterized by audio noise; like a "hiss or hum" sound. "Kanja" uses the sounds of the ocean along with layer other electronic samples and music to create a calm and soothing piece. The bells like the whistling in "sandstorm" provide quick and loud contrasts to the calm low pitched sound of the water and waves.The second half of the songs in the album attempt to represent the environment and culture the locations MICE visited like: Cape Town, Chennai, and Shanghai. These present many different samples of the respective environment instead of the simple, monotonous sounds used in the previous tracks like "sandstorm." Usually the sounds are of radio stations and human voices, which are also abruptly changed, because the transitions are harsh and very distorted. This juxtaposition of voices with local music or sounds, provides a unique combination that is not very pleasing to listen to, however it does represent a musical environment that represents the location very well.The album portrays two different environments and this difference is clearly present in the motive and nature of the tracks. The first half of the tracks is usually calming, fairly repetitive or predictable and this is the characteristic they represent environments without human influence. However, the other half of the tracks use abrupt transitions, harsh noises, and many radio clips to show the randomness and variety that can be associated with human environments like cities.Overall, the album is very unique, especially in the genre of technosonic music. The album's tracks present a technique that is reminiscent of Pierre Shaeffer's and Pierre Henry's method of using concrete sound or existing sound samples. The tracks also use methods of "electroniche," as evident in the use of computer generated sounds throughout all the tracks. This combination of concrete and electroniche styles along with the integration of nature sounds or radio samples, creates a very unique and interesting album.
I'm giving this release only three stars. What's here is great stuff, but it's only half the original album, which had 12 tracks. Why the shortened version? Is it so that they can do a Volume 2 and charge more? The original album would get five stars from me. It was Lou Busch (a/k/a Joe "Fingers" Carr) at his peak, in the mid-50s. Belle Epoque is ripping us off!
This is jazz in the west coast cool tradition: chill swings, meandering saxophones, long improvisations.  The upbeat tunes will get your toes tapping (for upwards of 10 minutes in some cases) but the slower tunes drag on a bit too long.  In classic form, each track is a jam session trading solos among the two saxophonists (Koppel and Watson) and the pianist and bassist.  The atmosphere is cordial, knowledgeable, and tight on all of these original tracks.  The ones that shine the best are when the artists push their boundaries a bit like the jumpy Alto Stratos (tk 7) and the fluid At Stake (tk 5).  Not a bad outing.
I love Ronny Jordan music and still a very big fan of his music. When I first listened to one of his cds I was very impressed. For me he bridged that gap I felt that was lacking between a generation of young/old listners. This new cd I do like but to me it left the feeling of a gap between young/old again. All I can say is Ronny bring that "Same Swing Funky Smooth Jazz".
If this is your introduction to Soulive, chances are you'll be impressed; After all, the musicianship is top-notch all around, and the musical chemistry that the group has developed during their more than 10 years of playing together is clearly evident. But, if you've heard their other albums (in particular &#34;Turn It Out&#34; and their 2003 self-titled live album), this outing might not be quite as satisfying for you; at least, it wasn't for me. First of all, the mix and recording quality weren't as good as I expected, and this is particularly evident in Alan Evans' drum sound (To be fair to the engineer, though, it doesn't sound like the drums were tuned very well in the first place; the snare drum sounds like a wet cardboard box being smacked with a ruler). Secondly, there's not really any new material here. The cover of Archie Bell & The Drells' &#34;Tighten up&#34; is a welcome addition to the standard fare, but it's too little too late. Live staples like &#34;El Ron&#34;, &#34;One In Seven&#34;, and &#34;Dig&#34; benefit from the addition of a horn section, but they're the same songs that the group has been playing for a long time, and while they don't exactly sound stale, I would personally liked to have heard them take more creative risks and maybe introduce some new tunes. The bottom line, though, is that this album, while far from being definitive, is still worth checking out!
I am an Anita O'Day collector and am glad to have this compilation. Judging by information from another website, it was released on CD in 1999. In every track, the fidelity is cleaned up and brightened and sounds better than ever. Frankly, I have not heard a better remastering. The sound quality is much better than we should expect for recordings from 1940s shellac originals.There is one grievous mistake: in one track, "Deep in the Blues," the singer is Irene Daye, who sang with Gene Krupa in 1938-1941. She was replaced by O'Day in 1941. The inclusion of this track was a goof by Acewonder/Werner_Last, the company that compiled the album.In 2008, Werner Last released another compilation, "Let Me off Uptown,"with the identical tracks but a different sequence. I don't understand why. Maybe it's a contractual thing, where Werner had to Provide two albums for someone who was not paying attention. Or maybe we are witnessing the very soul of piracy, where the pirate, answering some compulsion we cannot fathom, steals from himself. Anyway, I did buy these songs twice because I wasn't paying attention.If you are not an audio fetishist, your collection from this artist and these years will be better served byYoung Anita. Other CDs concentrate on Anita O'Day with Gene KrupaLet Me Off Uptown: The Best of Anita O'Day with Gene Krupaand with Stan KentonFirst Lady of Swing [ORIGINAL RECORDINGS REMASTERED]. They sound great to me. Try Amazon's audio sample feature if you are worried about hifi.
To state my bias up front, Kiko Loureiro is my favorite guitarist. That said, I have to say Neural Code is like an Ohm record without the great songwriting, luscious guitar tone and super expressive performances. I have given it the mandatory 6 - 8 listens and it is over - no extraordinary depth, no knock-out performances. It you want to be blown away listen to Kiko's solo records: Universo Inverso, No Gravity and Full Blast. They will knock your head off!
INDIE MUSIC STOP"Over the years, I've reviewed or staff writers for sites that I've run at the time have reviewed, I think almost every release that the band White Stone has put out.As each new release arrives in the mailbox there's an anticipation as to what style of music I'll be hearing coming from my speakers when I put the CD in my stereo. That's because White Stone isn't content to stick to just one style of music. Over the years the band's music has included everything from, guitar pop, ambient, jazz, blues, and rock to psychedelic.White Stone's latest release, Yesterday Sun, is made up of ten instrumental tracks of progressive rock music. The songs are mostly lead by piano or guitar parts that interplay with the lush keys and electronic parts that are also found on them.The songs also feature interesting arrangements that sound like their done only to have the song roar back to life after a few seconds of silence. This effect gives your ears and mind a little extra bit of a workout.My favorite tracks are track-1, ""Stardrive," that features a more hard edged electronic sound.I also liked the flowing piano parts that are found on tracks like, "Yesterday Sun," and "Someday.""Things to Come," offers up nice gentle acoustic guitar work as it meanders along its musical pathway.As I listened to the music that makes up Yesterday Sun words like, reflective, relaxing, interesting and inventive came to mind. If you're in one of those moods then this music will help take you to the next level of your thinking."-CW ROSS/MARCH 2010
Loved everything and falling asleep until at the very end when there was a man's voice advertising a website! Very annoying.
This Ocean and Sea Wave cd its okay until you get to end of it and all you hear is a loud voice advertising the company who made it and how you can go to their website for some more nature sound cds. After a great relaxation I immediatly got so tense. I wasnt expecting it to end this way. Incredable!
The Storyville String Band of New Orleans recorded its new release live at the Pavilion of Two Sisters in City Park in September 2009. It was a very well-received performance, as the CD documents. There's applause between tracks, and sometimes after solos that's more raucous than we might expect from the Friday evening crowd at a traditional string band performance.The band earns that applause repeatedly. It explores material from the Louis Armstrong standby "Struttin' with Some Barbeque" to the gospel classic "Old Rugged Cross," to steel guitar player and bandleader Seva Venet's original composition "City Park Strut" (which, the recording captures someone saying on the bandstand, "just needs vocals"). John Parker (rhythm guitar), Matt Rhody (mandolin), and Kerry Lewis (bass) keep the music chugging along, and the melody instruments swing throughout. The different melodies intertwine and interact with each other as the songs progress. Rhody, pulling double duty as usual, deserves mention for his violin work. He develops ideas distinctly his own while staying remarkably faithful to the aesthetic and the sound of the tradition within which he's working.Venet includes liner notes that describe each song, and a rather extensive essay on Manuel "Fess" Manetta and string band jazz on Basin Street in the first two decades of the 20th Century. For all the band's historical acumen in both theory and practice, though, the arrangements on Seva Venet Presents... aren't quite what we would expect from a string band recording. Because they were performed live, the tracks all clock in over three minutes, and some get up towards six. That stretching affords the soloists room to breathe and makes room that didn't always exist for individual creativity in what can be a tradition-bound genre.--OffBeat Magazine, July 2010 issue
I like jazz and when I played samples of the songs I liked them but when I listened to the entire songs individually, they did not sound as good as I thought at first.
I had already bought The Eddy Duchin soundtrack, and except for a couple of others, this was almost a duplicate. The titles were in a foreign language, . I think it would have been helpful if the English titles were added also. I would not have bought it had I known. It's a good CD if you haven'y already bought the Eddy Duchin soundtrack.  Edna Cornford
The music is great, but all the song titles are wrong. Who are the morons in charge there? It would have been five stars, so that makes -2 stars for this site.
What a voice! Great songs and a great price for 50 tracks, although the live recordings from Cafe de Paris are a little weak. Too bad about the mix-up of the tack titles. Would be a shame if you'd skip the chance to own this bargain because of that, so here's the proper track listing:1. Kiss Me Honey Honey Kiss Me  2:302. As I Love You  2:563. From This Moment On  1:474. Born To Sing The Blues  2:555. The Banana Boat Song  2:506. Fire Down Below  2:517. My Funny Valentine  3:158. Cry Me A River  3:309. The Wall  2:2810. S'Wonderful  2:1711. Blues In The Night (My Mama Done Told Me)  4;0312. Crazy Rhythm  2:3113. The Party's Over  3:3314. I've Got You Under My Skin  3:3515. Careless Love Blues  2:4316. Birth Of The Blues  4:1217. Night And Day  2:5918. The Gypsy In My Soul  2:5419. Love For Sale 3:5420. How About You 2:2521. Burn My Candle 3:3022. The Wayward Wind 2:5923. Basin Street Blues  2:4424. Stormy Weather 3:2125. St. Louis Blues 3:32 ?26. Puh Leeze Mister Brown  2:2427. If I Had A Needle And Thread 2:2328. There's Never Been A Night 2:1329. After The Lights Go Down Low  3:0930. If You Don't Love Me 2:2931. Tra La La 2:0532. Hands Across The Sea 2:2033. Beale Street Blues  3:1134. Take My Love, Take My Love 2:2735. Wabash Blues 2:3736. Tonight My Heart Is Crying 2:2437. You, You Romeo 2:4938. A Foggy Day 3:1339. April In Paris 2:5840. I've Never Been In Love Before 3:4341. The Man That Got Away 4:0542. I'll Remember April 4:1043. Easy To Love  3:0644. No One Ever Tells You 2:5745. They Can't Take That Away From Me 3:1346. Born To Sing The Blues (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 0:5947. Somebody Loves Me (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:1748. My Body's More important Than My Mind (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:4349. Sex (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:2650. I've Got You Under My Skin (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris)  4:50
I enjoy listening to Lance Reddick's album Contemplations & Remembrances. It is something different form his stern appreance on his various televison shows. i definatly recomend that serious jazz listeners purchase his album and enjoy it throughout the day.
Good album, but not as many Rebecca Kilgore vocals as I hoped.  Not as high on my Becky playlist as her recordings with Frischberg.
Tom Culver - I REMEMBER YOU: If you were weaned on lounge lizard jazz, especially in Tony Martin or (in this case) Johnny Mercer vocal razz-ma-tazz, you'll find this hepped up jazz vocal set from Tom unavoidable. His player list is far too long to accomodate in this review, but if you visit the label site, RHOMBUS RECORDS, you'll be able to check it out. I grew up listening to crooners like this (Perry Como, Andy Williams & many more), so this is quite enjoyable as a nostalgia machine (though it's not necessarily what I listen to every day any more). Tom certainly gets carried away when doing a session - there are 18 lovely tunes here for all listeners who still revel in this style. I dug "On the Atchinson, Topeka and the Santa Fe"... in a big way, `coz it takes one back to boogie roots! This won't win any free-jazz fans, I'm sure, but if your cup of tea is upbeat Johnny Mercer standards, this will be one of your favorites for the year. I give it a HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, with an "EQ" (energy quotient) rating of 4.94. Get more information at &lt;...> Rotcod Zzaj
Sadly, the numbers represented on the album are all over the place quality-wise. I get the feeling that no effort was put in to find the best source for each performer and song, and absolutely no work was done to re-master whatever sources they did find.A few of the songs are absolutely clean and have no distortion, but that is not the case for most. For example, "Till Then", the first Mills Brothers song in the collection, sounds pretty good. "You Always Hurt the One You Love" sounds like it was sourced from a record, complete with clicks and minor hiss.The "Holiday for Strings" selection here isn't even the best version recorded by the David Rose Orchestra. This version is tinny and suffers from distortion, and is short. There is a four minute version available from David Rose that sounds flawless. Why didn't these producers use that one?Almost everything on this album with big brass suffers from distortion. That's not unusual for material sourced from the 40s, but it isn't a requirement. There are recordings from the 40s which sound clean and original. You just have to put in a little basic work to find them.So I can't recommend purchasing this entire album. The producers of this took the cheapest route and it shows. If you are REALLY interested in an individual song, sample it here and just buy that song.
I really wanted to like this more than I do.  Mr. Riley is the son of celebrated composer Terry Riley.  Riley the younger is an accomplished player, there can be no doubt.  But he seems, as a composer, VERY anxious to show us his chops as a player and a composer -- a bit too anxious.I want to hear the recording this guy makes in five years time.  He needs to find a collaborator, perhaps join a band and pay some dues.  He's clearly full of potential, but hasn't gotten there as of "Streams Of Gratitude."
I bought this as MP3 after hearing an instrumental track on a Piano Trios internet jazz channel.  The keyboard work is quite good.  However, the male vocals, which are featured on several of the standards (My Funny Valentine, My One and Only Love, etc) are not, in my opinion, at the same level.  The female vocal track, Sienna, is less objectionable, sounding somewhat Susannah McCorkle-esque.  I would listen to this more often, and with more complete enjoyment, if the pianist focussed on his considerable instrumental talents and either left out the vocals altogether or enlisted singers with better chops.  I am also not a huge fan of the tone embraced by the electric guitarist featured on a couple of the tracks (Our Love is Here to Stay, On A Clear Day).  Two and a half stars anyone?
The songs are good but there is no singers listed for the songs not even various artists. Could have been done better.
The world of song-poems is one in which an amateur songwriter's lyric (or "song-poem") is run through a music mill's assembly line of melody, arrangement, performance and recording. The result is a stack of singles, albums, cassettes or CDs delivered to the aspiring songsmith, and not much else. These are vanity recordings for which the recording company has no marketing plan and no expectation of profit beyond the few hundred dollars "seed money" paid by the lyricist. A deep underground of song-poem collectors have churned out album compilations [123] and websites like the American Song-Poem Music Archives, that collect the best (and the best of the worst) records and shine some much deserved light on the industry's more interesting characters.The genre's unparalleled superstar is Rodd Keith, an arranger, musician and vocalist whose productions often managed to transcend the banal lyrics with which he had to work. Keith recorded under a number of aliases, including this album's Rod Rogers. This full-length LP appears to be a vanity recording, but it's not entirely clear for whom. The bulk of the songs are credited to combinations of Jones, Riley and Vandenburg. Bandleader Travis Jay Jones is also listed as the president of the record label, Planet Earth, itself a division of Travis Jay Jones Enterprises. So one might guess that Jones was the recording mill's proprietor, and Riley was the funding songwriter; or Jones was the songwriter and Riley or Vandenburg were the arrangers. In a large sense it doesn't matter, as part of the charm of song-poem records is their everyman anonymity.These are top-notch song-poem productions, featuring a tight pop combo of guitar, bass, drums, piano and odd instrumental touches likely produced by Keith's Chamberlin. The lyrics are notable for their lack of polish - phrases that don't quite fit the rhythm, moon-spoon-June rhymes, half-baked similes and oddly fantastic word choices. But wedded to catchy melodies (several of which lean to country-and-western) and Keith's talanted singing, these productions are surprisingly memorable. The song cycle finds the album's protagonist welcomed to Las Vegas with an invitation to gamble and drink that quickly leads to empty pockets. Along the way he encounters Sin City staples: lucky charms, neon lights, nightlife, quickie weddings, and (twice, yet) fortune tellers. There's little here to make you forget "Viva Las Vegas," but you'll be hard-pressed to get "Lucky Vegas Gamblin' Man" out of your head. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
This is from the album On Tour with the new Glenn Miller orchestra from rca victor records from 1959. It's a great album but the songs are to fast. Good thing i have the album and the japanese version of it on cd.
Too many of these songs contain vocals for me. I am a instrumental listener and every so often I find a song and an arrangement earning a very rare 6 stars. SUGAR DADDY, composed by Paul Freitas, is such a song and Paul Kuhn's  arrangement is fabulous. Prelude To a Kiss and Don't Get Around Much Anymore are good but you must have Sugar Daddy.Leo's Fairway Lies
this guy is moving at a faster pace then a jet. it brings me back to the good old days of my great grandpa, now let me pass some gas and get back into it.
Being a huge Peter Banks fan,i thought i should check this out. Spoiler alert-there is very little PB on here. Only 2-3 tracks feature him in any appreciable way,and the majority of this cd is (i can't believe i'm saying this as a longtime prog fan) Pretentious in the extreme,mostly noodling and space sounds,and a pretty crappy warmover of a Great Todd Rundgren song.  Avoid. I wish now i had gotten a cd,because you can't re-sell a download.....
Great selection of esoteric Thyagaraja krithis, but the recording sounds a bit artificial. There's an echo-like effect on the voice. Doesn't seem as natural as the old AIR recordings. A real shame.
If is one of the most talented jazz, rock, fusion bands of the 1970's. The fact that AMAZON is one of the only places where you can actually get most of their music today,is a treasure.Start with IF  Thats their first CD.LP) its a 5 star record,money back guaranty.Mike SiegelLivingston,new Jersey
The May 16, 1958 Downbeat concert at Town Hall, NYC followed a different sequence than this album employs (the correct sequence can be found onDown Beat Jazz Concert. Town Hall, New York City. May 16, 1958.) Also note that the actual concert ended with a 28-minute version of "Blues Over Easy".Those discrepancies notwithstanding, this album and the CD version cited provide a well performed snapshot of what the mainstream public considered to be good jazz in 1958. Downbeat was one of two very popular jazz magazines (the other was Metronome) that hard core jazz enthusiasts read, and Downbeat's content in particular catered to the casual listener to the musicians. As such, evens like this one were designed to appeal to a wide segment of Downbeat's readers, and the selections were a reflection of what was popular across a wide spectrum.This concert, then, is a snapshot of 1958 history. And it shows because the bands ranged from Manny Albam's big band down to Steve Allen in a trio and quartet setting. A few notes about Steve: most of us associate him with his stint as host of the Tonight Show, then the Steve Allen show back in the 50s and 60s, forgetting that he was a virtuoso jazz pianist. Also, in the track listing his performances are shown as the Steve Allen Quartet doing "A Fast Thing in C" and the Steve Allen Trio doing "Rose Room" - the reverse it true: it is the trio doing "A Fast Thing in C" )Steve on piano, Ossie Davis on drums and Milt Hinton on bass - Georgie Auld on tenor saxophone is added for "Rose Room". Another note: "A Fast Thing in C" is all the evidence one needs to prove that Allen was formidable on piano.All of the tracks on this album are excellent in my opinion, but the smaller ensembles, like Allen's, Scott's, Horn's and Elliot's were the most enjoyable because they were energetic and the playing came across as spontaneous and improvised.In truth, this is a great album for the jazz historian or even aficionados who love late 50s jazz, but it goes into my pile of B-list albums to be taken out and savored only occasionally. Your personal tastes may dictate otherwise.
The quality issues I have are with five of the cuts by Tony Lakatos.  The reproduction is jerky and jumpy.  I heard this on the samples, but hoped it would be better on the album.  That was dumb of me, I guess, because the problem continues throughout five of the six Lakatos cuts on the album.  That being said, there are 30 songs on this album for $8.99.  25 of the songs are great classics with good reproduction.  So for $8.99 I got 25 and not 30.Perhaps this review will alert Amazon and/or the producer to fix the problem.
After listening to this recording several times, I'm just not completely sold on Oz's playing. Don't get me wrong he is an inspired talented player, but he seldom attacks his instrument without some over-the-top electronic effect. Subtlety is not his forte. The songs are for the most part well-written and fun, but I can't help but think of the John Scofield influence/vibe on this record especially Sco's early "fusion" recordings, and in my opinion John did it better. The all-star rhythm sections are fun and really make the record groove.
It's a relaxing sound, but very repetitive that gets aggravating after a few measures.  Not very accomplished artists.  I'd pas.
If you are a die hard fan like me you will probably overlook the sound quality, but if you are a casual listener you will want to pass this one up.  Most of the tracks sound as though they were surreptitiously recorded by members of the audience. Cycle through the sound samples on this page to hear what I am trying to describe.However, despite the poor sound Anita's energy and personality come across on every track. If you never had a chance to see her perform live at the full height of her powers this album will convey why her popularity continues more than fifty years after most of the tracks on this album were recorded.The Newport 1958 tracks are one reason why I personally love this album. Not only are her two iconic songs that were captured in the movieJazz on a Summer's Dayhere, but the performances that Bert Stern missed when filming are also included. The tracks from Stockholm 1959 are from Anita's brief (and stormy) tour with Benny Goodman in 1959 that are also on an album titledBigbands Live: Benny Goodman Orchestra featuring Anita O'Day.I cannot track down the specifics about the NYC 1956, Los Angeles 1957 and Miami 1958 performances, but love how Anita engages the audiences. If anyone knows more about those tracks please add the information in a comment. The tracks without city and year info in their titles may be from her 1985 Carnegie Hall concert that is also on an album titledBig Band At Carnegie Hall. The sound quality is too marginal for me to be sure, but I am betting that is the source of those tracks.Sadly this collection of performances is marred by technical issues. Gladly, though, it exists and it provides an unscripted glimpse of Anita's charisma.
I was a little disappointed. I was expecting more happy sax music, more up beat stuff. Billy Jean was pretty good, maybe the next CD will be more upbeat, he does not seem comfortable with the sax, and musicians that are comfortable with their instruments, it shows in the music.
I LOVE Ella Mae Morse and have since her Capitol release back in the 90s. She is truly an under appreciated voice from the early rock era. Unfortunately, this is a very poor recording made late in her career and you can hear it. I would never discourage anyone from purchasing this recording, and I'm so happy that it is available, but for those not familiar with Ella Mae Morse, this wouldn't be the place to start.That said, this album is a wonderful, intimate recording full of excellent boogie vocalization and acrobatics. Best of all, the recording captures the priceless ambiance of a supremely skilled vocalist having a great time on stage in front of a very supportive audience. If I ever thought Ella was 'forgotten,' this recording proved that she was still in fine performing shape very late into her career and had, at least on this night, a lot of loving fans who adored her. I wish I could have been there.
As the recent interest in Brainticket's repertoire - with this last summer's historic (?) U.S. tour - we've seen many Joel Vandroogenbroeck titles being released. Never knew about this CD - where Joel notably joins up with the Eje Thelin Quartet. As I heard the download of this recording - the first question that pops into my head was "Where does Joel play on this record?". Couldn't find much info on this title at all - but I saw that the jazz musician Ele Thelin (R.I.P.) does have many titles out and currently available. 'So Far' simply isn't my thing - as for it's pure jazz. Couple of tunes here that I was somewhat impressed with were the eleven-minute "It Could Happen To You" and the upbeat "Folk Song". Obviously, old school jazz enthusiasts will get more out of this disc than I did.
"Those were the days"?! Seriously?! What did you think when singing this?! It's like a joke compared to the original one.
Yes, I have to agree with SaintMichael on this one.  You see this pattern with artists like Steve Roach and it's coming in here with Max also.  Steve is very prolific but is caught in a pattern of releasing too many things that sound the same.  In this particular work, Bioma, Max is not playing to his strengths which is his mastery of keyboards and deep modes of earth-centered consciousness.  What you have here is a work that is too ambivalent, too ambient, and yes, is coming across as yet another nature cd (with some mechanical sounds that don't go anywhere).  This also reminds me of Kitaro who has been captivated by his own sound for years, experiments much with natural sounds and endless [pointless] shimmers, and has not creating much that is really innovative since Kojiki (1990).Yes, ultimately, an artist must make what they love.  But if they do not also make what their listeners love, then they will not be successful.  So Max, (and Steve), please take the feedback.  You are outstanding artists.  Please clarify both your own roots and what your listeners love and re-focus on those kinds of masterworks.  You may find that your listeners are feedback loops to help you find what your audio essence is.
Although I did not purchase this from Amazon (I got mine from iTunes), both the Amazon and iTunes versions of this album have ALL of the song titles incorrect.  E.g.: "Hindustan" is actually "When the Saints Go Marching In."However, the music is great!  I originally purchased this album in mono vinyl in 1960, and listened to it often back then (when I was in high school).  This reissue has great stereo sound, and so I was happy to get new MP3 versions of these songs, even if I did have to relabel the filenames and the tag information.  I hope Amazon (and iTunes) can fix this problem with this great old Dixieland classic.  I've rated this 3 stars only because of the problem described above; the music is 5 stars.I've purchased other MP3 albums from Amazon, and have always been happy with them.
Throughout jazz and other improvised music history, many artists have written, recorded and released solo albums of their own work, from Bill Evans, to Joe Pass, Pat Metheny and others. West-Coast writer and performer, MrR, has taken this idea one step further with the release of his solo album, Sonoran Sunset, but he isn't performing solo in the traditional sense MrR is playing every instrument on a keyboard, and using plug-ins, making his fingers sound like electric guitars, horns, drums, bass and all sorts of keys, he has taken the solo, improvised-based album in a new direction, adding his own personality to the genre. Kudos goes out to MrR for taking the risk of releasing an album in this fashion. The overall quality is OK, but there are a few ingredients missing from lifting it out of OK and into the realm of great.
This CD is okay, just not what I expected.I like Kirk Whalum but I'm not fond of this selection.
Knowing that Kirk can really enthrall listeners, I found this product a little bland.  Easy to listen to but nver quite gets there
Sweet sophisticated and sexy. I listen to this in my car and at home. It really evokes another age, one where life was simpler and better dressed. :-)
I got kind of bored with this because the production of the sound was too much the same. The layers always made every track feel the same way and the instruments blended too much. Way too much Chill and not enough Jazz. It's only okay...
I miss my Seattle, Washington soft jazz station back home.  Florida is not jazz, well not along the Treasure Coast.  This one is nice but I haven't found exactly what I'm looking for.
I wonder...has Capitol Records discovered your pilfering of the cover from Joe "Fingers" Carr's JOE "FINGERS" CARR AND HIS RAGTIME BAND? How much did this band have to pay Capitol for the rights?
Great selection of numbers and venues but the compression is very evident in the audio.  Cymbals tend to shimmer rather than ring.
I like the sound of the music played by Hiroshima, I find them to be quite soothing to listen to.
The CD was ok but not that great.  The sound was not as crisp & clear. We were not able to use for purpose.
would have been nice if the recordings would have been enhanced... the sound quality is not that good which makes it less enjoyable.
I'm sorry, I think Pete Belasco is one talented artist, and greatly overlooked; but &#34;Lights on&#34; was much of the same fare as on &#34;Deeper&#34;.  Just the same wispy make-out-music track after track, which, is totally fine if that's what you're looking for.  Don't get me wrong, the man is a master at his craft.  For me though, I need more diversity, and &#34;Get It Together&#34; has all of that.  &#34;Deeper&#34; and &#34;Lights on&#34; do not.  So I'll just continue holding &#34;Together&#34; in high regards, and wait patiently for possibly a more diverse release.
When I saw that Pete Belasco had a new CD I couldnt WAIT to purchase it.  I loved, loved, LOVED his last CD, however this one was a bit of a disappointment.  It was too slow, the songs dragged on and they all sounded the same. Instead of putting me in a good mood when I listened to it, It made me feel anxious wondering if the next song was going to get better.  I should've definitely listened to the samples before I purchased it, but it had been so long since his last CD, that I figured I couldnt go wrong.  Im still a fan but I wasnt feeling this CD at all.
This is a very deceptive release. In 1954, a 10-inch LP was issued on Coral carrying the same title and art work as this CD. It represented fresh studio recordings of  PW numbers done in the 'old style.' A very enjoyable LP. Unfortunately, this album is NOT that one. This release is based on original low-fi 1930s recordings. Big disappointment. Buyer beware. My three stars are based on the admitted merits of Whiteman's original tracks, but it's definitely very old wine in a deceptively new bottle. We still need those 1954 remastered recordings released on a CD!
CDs are not live music. CDs have to compete for our attention in ways that concerts never do. They not only have to draw us away from the myriad attention-demanding devices that proliferate our lives but also have to hold that attention, even if peripherally, for an hour. What may work brilliantly in a performance setting may be challenging as a recording, and I fear that is the case with this CD. Here we have an award-winning, highly-lauded  ensemble performing wonderful music at an extremely high level on a debut CD that unfortunately falls flat. I have the strong sense that if I were to hear this music live I would be riveted, but at the end of the day Group Theory fails to hold my attention.The group counter)induction was formed in 1998 and has seen its profile steadily increase over its lifespan. Three composers are listed in its ranks, alongside piano, violin, viola, cello, and clarinet, and that seems no small point. Performers often benefit greatly in working closely with composers, and the adeptness with which c)i tackles the music of both the resident and outside composers seems to be a result of this relationship. Moreover, composers often know what other composers are doing much better than performers, and this seems to have influenced their programming decisions over the years.The music on Group Theory does not shy away from a modernist aesthetic, but there remains quite a bit of diversity within the recording. One of the strongest pieces, Salvatore Sciarrino`s Centauro Marino (1984) eschews motives and, as the composer writes in the liner notes, "development, even connection, is shunned." Short, angular gestures and atmospheric effects come together convincingly and the performers seem to be in absolute command of the piece. On the other hand, Erich Stem`s Fleeting Thoughts (2010) doesn't contain nearly so many sharp dissonances and provides a strong sense of rhythmic and motivic clarity. It is perhaps more immediately accessible than Centauro, but both work quite well.In the end, though, it is this diversity that seems to be the CD's undoing. The liner notes speak of counter)induction's "flexibility and variety" being a "hallmark of the ensemble's aesthetic direction," and while this may very well benefit them as a whole, it does not benefit this CD. A good recording, like a good live program, should have a sense of direction and purpose that is self-evident. Unfortunately, Group Theory seems to be more focussed on providing a snapshot of this ensemble than being a cohesive recording. It was often the case that individual pieces were compelling, but I wasn't necessarily compelled to listen to the next track.In parting, let me highlight two of the best elements of Group Theory. The first would have to be the last track, Eric Moe`s Dead Cat Bounce (2009). Written at the time of the economic meltdown of 2008, the piece borrows a term for a stock that has a short uptick in price during a long, severe decline. The piece is immediately engaging with a strong rhythmic drive and constantly teeters between a sense of pure tragedy/horror and gallows humor. (I keep debating which.) Moe transitions deftly between rather different sections of this 12-minute piece and seems to strike a magnificent balance between the lyrical and the motoric elements therein.The second highlight is clarinetist Benjamin Fingland. His playing was exceptional throughout, and he consistently presented the most cogent interpretations of the recording. I have the feeling that, like the exceptional pianist David Tudor, he could "play the raisins in a slice of fruitcake," and do so convincingly.There are many wonderful aspects to this CD, and while I do not feel that it works well as a whole, I am also hesitant to disuade anyone from giving it a listen. I would highly encourage readers to listen to those samples that are available online and also to listen to the music provided on counter)induction's YouTube page. This is a fine ensemble, and I think many will enjoy this recording.-R. Andrew Lee is an avid performer of minimalist and postminimalist piano music and records for Irritable Hedgehog Music. Follow him on twitter: @andyleedma.Originally Published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Smooth sounding jazz very relaxing for the a day a the beach or just kicking back will look for more
This is an exciting, uptempo, live version, which is NOT what I expected or wanted. The Amazon link I followed using the search didn't indicate this was a new/different release, so I didn't feel an audio preview was necessary, and I got fooled. Buyer beware: if you're looking for the original, classic recording, this ain't it!
Very good CD. Enjoy just listening to his songs. If you enjoy good instrumentals I would highly recommend this Album.
Kristoff is talented, but in my opinion, if you want to hear his best work get Prey for Paralysis with Sadistik.
this is a really bizarre album, but after a few listens the parts that are challenging start to become beautiful. it's hard to say how they do, except in saying that it's just UNIQUE. i like that the album challenges me, and though the production is sort of grimy in some senses, the album as a whole comes across cohesively. for a pretty-much-unheard-of artist, i've been glad to find whiff trophy. and i've been especially glad to find the HUGE STASHES of whiff trophy recordings at whifftrophy.com and through bandcamp. this album is heavily electronic (read: noisy at times) compared to other whiff trophy pieces, but it definitely showcases the whiff trophy streak of independence, experimentation, iconoclasm and, ultimately, beauty and release. interesting vocals, and danceable beats also add life to the party here. worth a few spins for sure. be sure to check out tracks 4, 5, 8, 10, 6, 3, ... they all have something interesting to offer. 3.3/5
Most of the songs on this album take me where I like to be with smooth jazz---clam, tranquil, at the beach. But others are clear signs of a novice artist. That's okay though. It's still great music.
The song is correct but it could have better sound. Can barely hear it as a ringtone.  I will be looking at others to replace it.
This CD quickly became some of my favorites. Sounded so good went and review earlier works by this artist. Really enjoy contiguous listening.
It's abrasive, unfortunately jarrod hasn't shown much evolution as a musician since Nigel. I'll keep listening though. Fight Large Organization Takeovers of Every Radio Station.
Packaging is deceptive - this is NOT Lester Young the jazz legend. Good music nevertheless (60s (?) R&B vocals by a different Lester Young is what it is), but know what you're getting before you get it.
I fell in love with Alton Fitzgerald White's voice, when I heard him sing in The Lion King on Broadway.  He really has an exquisite voice. On this album he sings many favorite Disney songs that I love.Unfortunately, his taste in music is different from mine, so I'm not wild about his interpretations of these songs.  In particular, I would say his interpretation is frequently jazzy and I don't like jazz.If you like jazz better than I do, you would probably like this album.  He certainly has a lovely voice.
Haven't had time to listen to it in any depth, by my first run through didn't leave me wanting to.
After hearing the original 10" LP of this concert I've become convinced that on all of the many subsequent editions an entire chorus was spliced from Paul's original brilliant solo on "The Way You Look Tonight."  The original is closer to 9 than to 8 minutes because of the inclusion of the 64-bar chorus from Paul's solo (amounting to over one minute of playing time).  Why this flagrant excision (one of 4 choruses) has been ignored--even by the principals--until this moment 60 years after the fact frustrates all attempts to explain it.  If anyone has knowledge of the mystery behind the deception, I'm all ears.
This review's title is an ad slogan printed on the back cover of the 1959 stereo GUEST STAR album simply entitled AL MARTINO (GS 1440).GUEST STAR, DIPLOMAT, PETER PAN and a few other budget labels were all manufactured by Newark, NJ's Synthetic Plastics. Be aware that even spotless pressings from this company contain surface anomalies-- crackle and hiss the most common flaws.Philadelphia's Al Martino was born Jasper Cini in 1927. After service in WWII, this bricklayer's son, inspired by the success of family friend Alfredo Cocozza, tried his hand at singing professionally. Alfredo had changed his name to Mario Lanza, so Jasper also adopted a stage persona, that of Al Martino.Al's 1952 victory on "Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts" got him a contract with an indie label. Martino literally snatched his first hit record, "Here in My Heart" from pal Lanza by asking if he could record it first. The single was #1 on the pop chart for three weeks, and was RIAA certified Gold. The song did even better in Britain, staying at #1 for nine straight weeks, a feat that has rarely been equalled.A run-in with the Mob over a contract dispute sent the vocalist packing to Britain. He stayed about five years and had a decent career. Martino returned to America in '58 but struggled to reestablish himself. The several songs on this LP are from that fallow period.His Anglicized pronunciation of certain words on "My One and Only Love" may be a residue of all those years away. In 1959, "I Can't Get You Out of My Heart" peaked at #44 on Billboard's pop chart.Al doesn't sing on four of these ten tracks (see playlist).SIDE ONE[2:40] There's No Tomorrow[2:45] The Memory of You[2:27] I Can't Get You Out of My Heart[2:01] Chances Are - instrumental[2:33] My One and OnlySIDE TWO[2:17] Hello My Love[2:07] Con Amore[2:16] Meantime - instrumental[2:43] A Very Special Love - instrumental[2:40] Like Falling in Love - instrumentalTOTAL TIME: 24:29
The other cds were better and this one needs some more work bottom line it is okay for a lounge party
I liked the fact that most of the tunes were classic Dixieland Jazz.  It really gets you up to celebrate Mardi Gras.Good music at a reasonable price.
They sound good together except for the sax player. He copies the Stan Getz sound much but when it come toImprovising a solo there is nothing there with lots of mistakes
Reggie Stokes has released his debut project "When People Talk".Reggie Stokes is a keyboard player out of Dallas, Texas not to be confused with another artist named Reggie Stokes who is a guitar player out of Birmingham, Alabama."When People Talk" is a 12 song smooth "chill" jazz project. Mr. Stokes programmed some nice drum beats & funky bass rifts that will definitely get your head bobbing from start to finish.My favorite cuts are "When People Talk", "Easy Come Easy Go", "Chill Mode" other notable mentions are "Summer Heat", "Night Life", "It's You", "Da Man" & "Soulful Spirit"To the average listener this is a nice groovy project but on the other hand there are a few flaws that I hear.1) The overall mix could have been done much better like the strings on "Joyride" & "Burning Light" are very annoying to my ears also 2) Certain lead instrument sounds that Mr. Stokes use could have been replaced with more realistic sounding instruments as you will hear on "When People Talk" and "Upside" and lastly 3) Most of the songs are really nice and groovable but most just don't quite captivate my fullest attention throughout the entire song.I probably would have given it a much higher score if it wasn't for the above mentioned but I believe Reggie Stokes next project will be twice as good because I can hear all the potentials in this project but overall "When People Talk" to my ears is just an average decent debut project.3 1/2 Stars
This is a very well played and well recorded date. Ms. Sayer seems to be an excellent banjoist, and a decent singer. However, I was left wondering just why someone wants to do this music in this style in the 21st century. The early jazz (with banjo or guitar) that much of this harkens back to is widely available now. If you want to hear Duke Ellington or King Oliver with a banjo, you can do that easily. I must say that I *really* do not want to hear new versions of Goody Goody or Getting to Know You. I've heard these songs hundreds of times, and even a good performance doesn't make me glad to hear a new one. They've turned into cliches, and unless you hear Louis Armstrong or Ella Fitzgerald performing them, you're not going to get excited. Perhaps younger listeners won't have this reaction, not having heard the songs quite so often before.The more modern styled songs seemed more enjoyable. Her version of I Get Ideas (which I guess is not new, but it is unfamiliar to me) with its Latin touch was very strong. She put a lot into the arrangement and playing of I Love Paris, which again didn't sound like a 1930-era production.In short, the CD is well played and arranged, but I didn't find that the overall concept of the record quite made sense to me. Someone like Cassandra Wilson can resurrect an old chestnut by deconstructing it and putting it back together in a novel and interesting way. I think that such an approach is needed when you are playing songs more than 50 years old that have been played by so many before. I'd like to see Ms. Sayer turn her talents to such a project someday.
had I reviewed all songs would have probably not purchased the usually rich sounds did not shine as on previous releases . too much vocals over powering  almost sounded like every track was the same.
After taking the time to listen to Tim Cunningham's CD I found it to be your average saxaphonist CD.  Not enough ballads which is what I enjoy, but more up tempo tracks.  If you enjoy nice up tempo music, you will enjoy this CD.
&Ouml;land, an island in the Baltic Sea is a looong way from New Orleans. Not bad, this album for sure &#34;ain&#8217;t Satchmo&#34;. Maybe though that is to ask too much.
It needs more time to work on me not a bad cd but not a great one either, the cd needs more work
This was a shot in the dark for new music CDs and it was OK, yet not a knockout as I wanted. Too soft! Great for a picnic, or traveling on an airline. Could be funkier and more syncopation!!!!!!!!!
This was the first time I purchased anything by Jeanette Harris . I really like Sax music . Miss Harris is very good on the Sax but not all of the tracks were not great listening . I did enjoy enough of the album to purchase it .
Not anything to write home about, but pleasant. And works well in some playlists with other vocal music, especially as transitions and segues.
I love music and my store bought Records,8 track, reel to reel,,cassette , cd's , laser disic, is over 10,000. So I'm a little more picky. Pat
When you are playing in a small group the challenge is to create enough variation to keep the music interesting and engaging.  Going from soft to loud and intense to subdued will help but also using different sounds and different colors will help make a small group more sonically appealing.The group called Two Guitars and their recording &#8220;Lettere H&#8221; or (&#8220;Letter H&#8221;) does a reasonable job of achieving this task.  They can however improve on their dynamic range and textural variety to make their music more engaging.The concepts of the composition and their other pieces are quite intriguing.  They place letters onto the guitar fretboard and the shape of each letter creates a set of chords that the musicians use as their inspiration to compose a melody and improvise over.  This song uses the letter &#8220;H&#8221; as its inspiration.  As their website explains, they want to use non-musical references as a springboard to create interesting compositions.The musicians met at U.C. Berkeley when band leader and classically trained guitarist Andrea Menafra, came to give some seminars at the school.  The topic of discussion was about &#8220;new performance techniques for electric guitar in music and contemporary art.&#8221;The members of the group know their instruments and have the technical ability to get around them.  There is a jam band feel here and between the reverb on the guitar and the detuned drums, it sounds as if you walked into a festive Tiki bar by the ocean.  The playing is very loose and they come together on the various hits and accents of the melody to remind you that they are a cohesive group.The drummer could play with more space in mind but he has some effective funk chops that help him lay the rhythmic foundation for the track.The guitarist creates some nice ethereal textures during the bass and drum solos and generates ample energy when it&#8217;s his turn to play.
If you are a Colyer fan, this CD is worth buying just for the historic value and the Rosina Scudder tracks. I wish we could get more of her.  I do find the long tracks a little overpowering,  12 mins. is a little too muchAlan C
Multinational band SHRUNKEN HEAD SHOP is a self-described collective of musicians, and from descriptions and who arranges website information and similar I kind of presume that US composer and instrumentalist Willie Oteri is one of the driving forces of this project. &#34;Live in Germany&#34; is their first album, and was self released through Bandcamp in the late summer of 2013.As a reviewer I'm fairly often encountering music that explores territories and styles where my knowledge and interest is severely limited, and I'll readily admit that Shrunken Head Shop is one such case. There are certain types of experimental that doesn't really fascinate me on a general level, and there are certain styles of music that doesn't engage me too much nor too often. Again I can put check marks besides both statements as far as this production goes. Hence the rating that follows.But whether you enjoy a production on a personal level or not is one thing, describing the music in a manner that may help it to find an audience is another one entirely. And I'll start by stating that the opening few minutes of Legend of Litfass had me nodding along in pure glee, with cries of pure ignorance exclaiming &#34;Garbarek!&#34; and &#34;Twelve Moons&#34; in this initial phase, due to certain similarities in mood and atmosphere more than anything else. Of course the song quickly started to change character after that, from the initial tight, spirited and rich mood this excursion transformed inta a gradually more searching, less cohesive affair, where individual instrument details, dissonances and chaotic tendencies gradually took over this creation as the arrangements toned down in pace and intensity, concluding in a dramatically different manner 24 minutes or so after it started.At this point I might add that Shrunken Head Shop is an ensemble that explores the universe of instrumental, improvised jazz, and of a kind that hovers somewhere in between tags such as experimental, avantgarde and free form. As this album unfolds we're taken to a fair number of challenging places too I might add, from minimalistic plucked instrument excursions to tight, bass and drums driven sequences supplemented by Otri's always elegant guitar playing, a violin used in conventional and not so conventional ways and a bit of electric trumpet too. The latter has the greater majority of the limelight in Whales of the Black Forest, the trumpet mainly catering for the Whales associations stated while the violins may be the detail references by the Black Forest. Unless this particular recording was taped in Schwarzwald of course.The twenty minutes long jam Celebration of the Tsantsa adds some bluesy flavors to the palette of the band, while Tracks of the Mystery Ape opens up in a minimalistic guise then settles in a more tight and elegant jazz-oriented manner, with a twisted dark instrument detail, presumably from the bass, soon dominating this mere 8 minutes long affair.At just over 5 minutes, concluding track Wrath of Bernd ends this album in a tighter and cohesive manner with cold plucked violin details and warm, elegant guitar soloing settling as effective contrasts in a tight little construction that defragments towards the end, the violin taking the lead for a folk-music oriented finale.It is a very well made album of it's kind, and unlike many other instrumental improvised jazz productions I've come across this is also a rare case of a band exploring such waters with a fair degree of self control. The, at least as I experience it, usual grind of instruments at constant war with each other for attention and showcasing whose the most flamboyant performer isn't an issue on this album at all. The instruments tend to shy away from the dramatic, at least from the overly dramatic, and instead careful, controlled arrangements with space and room for all instrumentalists is a key feature here. A certain emphasis on atmospheric-oriented landscapes is another key detail worth taking note of, and one might even describe this production as fairly delicate and frail at times.As far as music goes, I suspect that the target audience for this one is a fairly limited one. Experimental, instrumental improvised jazz, with a certain emphasis on subtle and atmosphere oriented details, is a short description of what Shrunken Head Shop does provide on &#34;Live in Germany&#34;, and if you feel that this description hits home with you chances are good that you'll enjoy this production. As far as comparisons go I can't really make one though, as this is a type of music where my knowledge is severely limited.My rating: 64/100
I thought this was a rather embark able album.  The sound is uniquely eastern to the western ear, but somehow familiar.  I will continue listening and enjoying the whole album.
Well, here we have a variety of very gifted, enthusiastic musicians who &#34;shuffle&#34; through a variety of genres in their debut CD. The execution of the jazz-inspired works is excellent, but the classical genre suffers with those selections as the performances do not present anything unique as interpretation is concerned. The random compilation of music certainly represents the beginning of Shuffle Concerts when - according to their website - a member listened to an iPod and was thrown off the exercise machine by a classical music piece.As it is easy enough nowadays to compile your own playlist, is there a point for this CD beyond introducing these musicians to the public?
Purchased as a birthday gift.Music wanders into randomness a bitWas hoping for a bit more swing and fun
MrR's eclectic tastes and diversity are very much in evidence on his 2013 release, Always Blue. The album maintains a dusky, moody, nocturnal sort of vibe, and sometimes hints at Steely Dan. That is true whether MrR is playing R&B-tinged; funky pop-rock, or instrumental jazz-funk, or Latin-flavored grooves.MrR (MrResponsibility.com) provides the lead vocals and electric keyboards and he wrote most of the material. Among the vocal offerings MrR favors an R&B-ish; style of pop-rock on "Better Than That," "I Wanna Thank You," "Girls at the Java Caf&eacute;" and "Always Blue", and functions well as an instrumentalist on "Shag Nasty," "11:30" and an intriguing arrangement of tenor and soprano saxophonist John Coltrane's "Equinox", first recorded in 1960 when Coltrane was signed to Atlantic Records.  MrR doesn't give "Equinox" the usual acoustic post-bop treatment; instead he adds a touch of funk and in fact his interpretation of "Equinox," brings to mind some of the haunting dusky music that has come out of Ethiopia. This album certainly isn't the work of a jazz snob or someone who wants to play jazz exclusively, and MrR's ability to put a fresh spin on a 53-year-old jazz standard like "Equinox" speaks well of him.MrR's interest in Latin rhythms of the Afro-Cuban variety on "Por Paco" and "Pura Vida." makes perfect sense in light of his San Francisco Bay Area background.  The Bay Area has given us a long list of musicians who knew their way around Afro-Cuban rhythms, so it isn't surprising that he plays them convincingly.There are many different twists and turns on this release. But whatever type of music he opts to play, MrR has an enjoyable album in Always Blue.Review by Alex Henderson
Billie Davies has an interesting story.  Her travels have led her to many places.  She began her journey in Belgium and grew up singing, writing, and eventually playing drums at the age of 14.  After several awards for her artistic creations, she became a DJ at 23 and played in clubs in Germany and Belgium.  It was at this time she was offered a grant to study at Berklee College of Music under Max Roach after he heard her audition tape.  He felt that she "could learn more fundamental drumming techniques" but he heard "the natural drummer" in her.She declined the move to the US at that time but became a professional drummer at 25 citing Al Foster, Billy Higgins, Billy Cobham, Jack De Johnette, Ed Thigpen, and Peter Erskine as her biggest influences.After moving to the US at 32 she settled in Los Angeles, California and became a US Citizen.  She recorded with several artists and began to compose music for her own release.  Her latest project "12 Volt" was recorded in April 2013 and released in October.  It features Daniel Coffeng on Guitar and Adam Levy on Bass.The pieces on the album are inspired by her life in the wine regions of France where she lived amongst gypsies.  The title comes from the 12 volt battery that ran everything electric in the RV where she stayed with local blues jazz guitarist Claude Mazet.  She remembers her life among the gypsies and her life in the south of Europe fondly and "It is that bohemian life, that close to nature life... so close that all the music...everything else you do or think becomes....a reflection of it."The first selection on the album is reminiscent of Miles Davis' electric period of the 70s.  There are several themes that are stated initially, these are followed by the improvisation section which brings in ideas from the themes that were presented. The piece ends on the same thematic material that it began with.  There are some nice dynamic changes in the music and Ms. Davies creates some pleasant colors with her cymbal work.  Daniel Coffeng has ample chops to play a variety of styles and his technique ties the variety of ideas together.Her style is definitely of the avant garde school of jazz which seeks to go beyond the boundaries of the standard elements of music.  We are taught that the elements of music: rhythm, harmony, melody and form, are the key foundational elements of music.  Well what happens if you remove these elements can you still call it music? Is it possible to remove them completely?  This is the debate that has been going on in the jazz community since Ornette Coleman released Free Jazz in 1960.Ms. Davies is adding her take on that conversation and she brings an interesting offering to the table with her composition "12 Volt."
Refreshing jazzy acapela Christmas song renditions are quite a treat to listen to especially to those.who are jazz aficionados.
Marcus is, I think, one of the best uprising jazz artists in the season. I have listened to him on other artist's albums and he does well. I think, with every cd, he does better.
all i listened to were the samples and the album definitely sounds intriguing, BUT...avant garde?!?!?!?!? who came up with that one?  i've performed and recorded a lot of free improv and composed material that has been described as avant garde. this ain't avant garde. i'm just sayinga jazz album with tracks 2.5 minutes and under??? the ramones have songs longer than that. $8 for about 25 minutes of music??????sort of goes against the idea of jazz doesn't it? where the players stretch out and interact? the song's over before it gets cooking.and six volumes?!?!?i'm confused
I enjoy having music playing in the background, as I go about my daily routine.  I got this CD as it was recommended to me, and I find it to be a little different from what I usually play, but I do appreciate it and find myself playing it more than I expected.