I really enjoy this album and am very happy that trombone albums of this caliber are still being made.Thank you Mr. Kyle for this!
It's a really nice CD, good songs, but live. It's great to feel the live vibe, but also has same sound quality.
This is a terrific record, with Miller in fine form.  Wish I'd attended the show, itself, but this is the next best thing.
Great breath control, enunciation and timing Mr. Manuel gives us a great release which grabs the listener and sings, I mean really sings to you.  Not for everyone, but definately a quality musician. Check it out.
Theo Travis is a British saxophonist/flautist who has played with the likes of Gong and is part leader of the British chill band, Cipher. This CD is an excursion into the warmer waters of jazz, lush soundscapes and some wonderful flute and sax playing. Richard Sinclair contributes vocals and guitar on a few songs, bringing a sense of whimsy to the tracks, and evoking memories of a time long gone when bands such as Matching Mole and Caravan wrote beautiful, heartfelt songs. The only song I don't really get on this CD is the cover of '21st Century Schizoid Man'. It's a jazz cover yes, but does not follow the melody of the original, although there are hints to the bridge of the song. In an age when most music is canned and vocals are autotuned, you can rest assured that Messrs. Travis and Sinclair are still writing songs that will touch you gently and hold you entranced.
This is a good album. With all the music I have, to take the time to listen to a whole album multiple times is a testament to how good it is. Not Sgt. Peppers, but worth getting.
I dig Clutchy's music. I just wanted to give my opinion on who the man, the myth, the legend really is.I think Ubiquity Records told Shawn Lee that they were releasing to many of his albums and that he might want to put different names on some of his projects to mix it up a little. Therefore, I think Shawn Lee is behind the music of Clutchy Hopkins. But the dude in the picture is anyones guess, maybe it's his dad. Peace.
On this album, she sings in the style of Billie Holiday, but most of the material is things Billie never sang, many written after her death.  It's a fairly successful homage and it's interesting to hear the more recent material done in that style.
I was very excited to find this album.  I am a huge Gentle Giant fan and believed that musician fans of Gentle Giant would also write great and interesting music.  This recording proves my belief to be correct!It is certainly an eclectic collection of songs.  And it IS a "various artists" album, so nothing sounds the same, save for a few artists who got multiple selections.  But the great thing is that all the songs are good and if you are a Gentle Giant fan, then you like a little variety anyway.By the way, if you are looking for other GG-influenced music, check out Echolyn.
It's too bad that Mark is not actively playing around New York as he once did. I regret never having the pleasure to see him perform in person. This is a very tasty trio outing that show's Elf's musicality and mastery of his instrument. He even takes a stab at replicating the great Tal Farlow's trick of playing whole lines on harmonics, a risky endeavor for which he deserves credit for even attempting. The results are good if a bit spotty, but I've never  heard any guitarist besides Farlow get it right (and he had famously huge hands in addition to his virtuosic technique). New York Cats by Mark Elf is a worthy addition to the collection of any jazz guitar fan.
I recently purchased a French Horn, and figured that a purchasing a CD with horn in it would be inspirational. I was right. Great selection of jazz here, with the spotlight on one of my favorite instruments. Someday, I aspire to be half as good as some of these players. Until then, I shall listen with envious ears, and a hopeful heart.
You have to be a fan to appreciate their music.  I'm a fan. I enjoyed listening to this album, like I enjoy listening to their others.
This is a good time listening adventure. If you like a variation of good country swing music, you will really appreciate this CD by Asleep At The Wheel
I like the music.  It is reminiscent of the country music I listened to when I was a kid. Great.
Joe Henderson is my favorite tenor man. Cannonball, for me is just slightly behind Charlie Parker on alto.Having said that, my take on this collection is that it is Henderson tunes as Cannonball might have played them. So, you get alto instead of tenor sax. More importantly, you lose the Coltrane/Dolphy isms that Henderson applied. In their place, you get the kind of fluid, change hugging be-bop modal lines that Cannonball was fantastic at. In place of Henderson's dare-devil improvisational risk taking, you get clean, almost rote runs.The net effect is a much calmer feel. This is augmented by the far better state of the practice for recording jazz then existing in the 60's when much of Henderson's work was recorded.All in all, a most pleasing treatment of most of Henderson's greatest tunes.
I'm not always a fan of these New Orleans brass outfits, but this is great stuff. It reminds me of the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble - unusual melodies and lots of rhythm and spirit.
I find the songs rhythmically complex with nice, melodic themes.  This is not Bob James.  Bop-flavored, but not frenetic in any way.  Did not find the "live" recording problematic in any way.
Like one of the other reviewers, Alex Nestor. I also found this recording to be intriguing. As a predominately Smooth Jazz listener and aficionado, I'm usually mocked by those who listen to other types of jazz for listening to what they call "elevator music". That said, I found this recording to be easily acessible and quite enjoyable to listen to. I don't know what it is about this recording, but it keeps drawning me into listening to it whenever I have one of my listening sessions. A highly recommended recording...
I bought this CD to become more familiar with the songs since my choral group is doing selections from Britten's Ceremony of Carols for our upcoming Christmas concerts in honor of Britten's 100th birthday.  I wasn't crazy about the music at first because it is challenging to perform and listen to, but once you understand the middle-english that it's written in and the story he is telling with his music, you learn to appreciate it and even may come to like it, as I have.  The music and vocals are beautifully done and they invoke a nostalgic view of Christmas and what it really means.
This is a nice album of the exotica genre. Lyman is good (not as good as his former band leader Martin Denny, but good) If you need some music for your tiki bar or just want to chill out, slap this on the hi-fi and let your brain take a trip to the islands...
If you like instrumental albums get this one.  Very, very jazzy.  I played this album for some friends and asked, &quot;I bet you can't guess who this is&quot;.  They thought it was early Joe Satriani (&quot;Not of this  Earth&quot;) with Stu Hamm on bass.
If you mix avant garde classical music with jazz you get this off center piece.  It's a bit crazy, but I liked it very much.  You just have to appreciate some discordance in with your music to appreciate it.
Beautiful. I really love this album. I've always loved her version of Someone to Watch Over Me, but she covers other famous hits remarkably as well.
1962  Rudy Van Gelder's studio, New JerseyDonald Byrd : trumpetPepper Adams : baritone saxophoneHerbie Hancock : pianoLayson Jackson : bassJimmy Cobb : drumsUnfortunately, this particular release is in mono, whereas the original recordings were made in stereo.  The tracks often begin after the head, being edited for reasons of LP record space limitations.I especially enjoy Donald Byrd's playing on this session, he often selects just the right number of notes, and each one feels "well-placed".
WHEN YOU WISH UPON A STAR put COINS IN THE FOUNTAIN at A SUMMER PLACE because you have come upon a trio that takes some old well played standard songs and brings new life into them. The musical triumvirate of Melody, Rhythm, and Harmony is arranged to perfection urging MORE creating FASCINATION TILL there is STARDUST in the MOON RIVER.All of the selections on this album have a lilt, being played in a lively cheerful manner. I feel Antonio is enjoying his playing as much as I am enjoying my listening. If you, as I, truly enjoy a good jazz trio of Piano, Drums, and Bass -  HERE IT IS!
Thanks Brian for the heads-up on the wrong song list. I have listed what appears to be the correct list below. The sound quality is about what is to be expected from this era. All-in-all it is a great  group of songs and you can't beat it as the mp3 deal of the day at $1.99. I recommend it if you enjoy this kind of music.You should be able to change the song titles in iTunes. I also preferred the album art with the CD format (here at Amazon) of this collection so you can change that too if you want it instead of this red version.1. Nondrastic ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra2. Let Me Love You Tonight ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra3. It Feels So Good ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra4. Tico Tico ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra5. I'm In The Mood For Love ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra6. Midriff ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra7. Sweet Georgia Brown ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra8. TD In A Tee Pee ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra9. I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra10. Serenade To A Pair Of Nylons ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra11. Buster's Gang Comes On ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra12. Embraceable You ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra13. Blue Skies ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra14. Hawaiian War Chant ~ Tommy Dorsey & His OrchestraThanks to Amazon for the mp3 deals of the day!
This is NOT the composer of the gospel song, "Precious Lord, Take My Hand". This is big-band jazz, and it's wonderful! It was the "pop" music 60-80 years ago, so it does become a bit repetitive and gives an idea of being commercial (that's because it was). But it's a great listen for jazz lovers.And thanks for the corrected song list.
Jukka  Tolonen is a Finnish guitarist, whose perhaps the best album from the early 70s was Tolonen! But this is not bad, he still had it at this time. He is much less active now and somewhat handicapped.Children's song is familiar is a laid back retitled song that he previously played faster. Nice acoustic touch.Others are all worth a listen and the download price is attractive. The vocal numbers are less stand out. Jukka does not sing.To find the older Tolonen material, seek under Tasavallan Presidentti, the band of the 70s that still had one album, Six, out in the 2000s.
I was happily surprised at just how good this was. A joy from beginning to end. Clearly Hawkins inspired, but with a style of his own this eminent French tenor player runs through some beauties including Where or When, She's Funny That Way, I've Got The World On A String, the title tune & 5 others, including a couple of swinging blues by Krupa & Ellington, all with a tasty swinging yet cool sextet featuring a fine George Daly on vibes. Everyone plays with great feel & heart & as a lover of this Jazz In Paris series, I have to say this is one of the standouts that I wasn't prepared forI can't stop playing it. Terrific!
Willie &#8220;Bunk&#8221; Johnson, the legendary New Orleans trumpeter/cornetist who was born either in 1879 (his own account) or a decade later, remains one of the most controversial figures in jazz history. He had something of a major career in the African-American jazz scene in New Orleans in the early part of the 20th century before he literally had to flee the city for his life after missing a gig at a Mardi Gras parade in 1915. He settled in New Iberia, Louisiana and continued to make his living as a musician until 1931, when dental problems and incipient alcoholism drove him out of the music business and forced him to do odd jobs. Then in 1939 the authors of the book &#8220;Jazzmen&#8221; became curious when many of the people they interviewed about the early days of jazz in New Orleans mentioned Johnson as an influence. They tracked him down in 1940 and offered him a set of false teeth (made by dentist Dr. Leonard Bechet, brother of the great clarinetist and soprano saxophonist Sidney Bechet), a new trumpet (paid for by Louis Armstrong) and a chance at a comeback.Johnson made his first records in 1942 in the back room of a record shop in New Orleans. Issued by the Commodore label, they created a sensation, especially among the so-called &#8220;moldy figs&#8221; &#8212; jazz fans and critics who believed the original New Orleans style was the only true form of jazz and all subsequent jazz styles were perversions of it and not really jazz at all. (See Rudi Blesh&#8217;s 1943 book &#8220;Shining Trumpets&#8221; for an unintentionally hilarious overstatement of the &#8220;moldy fig&#8221; case.) Johnson got to travel to New York City, where his band held forth at a seedy establishment called the Stuyvesant Casino which critic George T. Simon called &#8220;a magnificently run-down meeting hall &#8230; whose atmosphere must be somewhat like that to which Bunk and his compatriots were limited in their heyday.&#8221; Though most of Johnson&#8217;s records were released on independent jazz labels like Commodore, Blue Note and American Music (the last a company his friend and sponsor, William Russell, formed specifically to record him), both his music and his comeback story attracted enough attention that major labels like Decca and Victor made records with him, which form most of this CD.It&#8217;s been difficult to be objective about Johnson because he became a lightning rod in the controversy between the &#8220;moldy fig&#8221; and fans and critics who liked more modern styles of jazz. It&#8217;s also hard to be objective about him because he only recorded late in life (1942 to 1947, making his last records about a year and a half before he died) and it&#8217;s difficult, if not impossible, to extrapolate from them and imagine what Johnson was like in his prime. At times his age, false teeth and alcohol consumption unhinged him and he responded with weak playing and wrong notes; at other times he takes charge of himself and his music and produces bold, striking music, technically secure and emotionally powerful. His sponsors also did him no favors by putting him in front of a band of similarly aging New Orleanians, one of whom, clarinetist George Lewis, managed to produce genuinely moving music despite an annoying tendency to play flat. It&#8217;s also nice to hear drummer Warren &#8220;Baby&#8221; Dodds get to use a full set of drums (which he didn&#8217;t on his classic 1920&#8217;s recordings with King Oliver and Louis Armstrong), even though his overuse of the bass drum (evoking jazz&#8217;s origins as marching-band music) is a bit annoying. The others (including Jim Robinson, a trombonist who lasted long enough for me to see him in San Francisco with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band in 1972) were pretty much along for the ride.Ironically, I think Johnson made his best records at the end of his career: a group of 12 sides recorded by his last manager, Harold Drob, and later acquired by Columbia and put out as an LP called The Last Testament of a Great Jazzman. He got to use a better band than the one on this disc, made up mostly of swing musicians and younger New Orleans players, and he seemed more relaxed. But this disc of New York recordings from 1945 and 1946 has some of Johnson&#8217;s most passionate and committed playing. He&#8217;s especially powerful on the two takes of &#8220;Just a Closer Walk with Thee&#8221; (though the word &#8220;Just&#8221; is eliminated from the song title), played twice as fast as the usual tempo for this song, in which the band swings within the limits of the New Orleans style. It&#8217;s also worth noting that the repertoire of Johnson&#8217;s band was quite wide and extended much farther than the traditional New Orleans/Dixieland songbook, including pop songs like Irving Berlin&#8217;s &#8220;Alexander&#8217;s Ragtime Band,&#8221; the then-current Ink Spots hit &#8220;You Always Hurt the One You Love,&#8221; and Harry Warren&#8217;s lovely ballad &#8220;One Sweet Letter from You.&#8221; Johnson didn&#8217;t always play in what his friends and sponsors considered the &#8220;true&#8221; New Orleans style, and when his mind and his lips meshed they produced powerful, authoritative music that marks him as one of the greats of jazz.I&#8217;m docking this release one star not because of any lack in the music but because it follows an annoying practice that&#8217;s become all too common in jazz reissues: the relegation of alternative takes to an appendix at the end of the disc. If you&#8217;re going to release multiple takes of the same song, they should be placed next to each other on the disc so they can be easily compared. Fortunately, with a download (as opposed to a physical CD) it&#8217;s easy enough to resequence the album so the alternative takes are next to the original releases, the way they should be. Do that, and you&#8217;ll have a quite compelling and enjoyable album of relatively authentic New Orleans jazz!
Great album, but the MP3 version is not 256 kbps as advertised. It's 192 kbps (VBR). Given the age of the recording this likely doesn't make much difference, but Amazon needs to be more accurate with their MP3 listings.
What more do you need than a combination of 2 of music's greatest?I thought there wasn't much that could be better than Tony belting out his songs with his trademark smooth voice. Then I see COUNT BASIE also on this CD. Seriously?  A Jazz god? THE Count himself? Yes. This cd is good. Perfect for those evenings or moments in your car when you want a classic throwback... one that puts you in a immediate state o relaxation, but gets your heart and feet moving to the rhythm.4 out of 5 because this sounds like it should have been remastered.
I love Fats Waller' piano and his organ playing. He was classically trained (a fact rarely stated due to his comic talents). The title of this CD is kind of misleading because Waller died in 1942. I rated the CD only four stars due to the static and scratch sounds on several of the songs. I bought it because it had three rare songs he played on the organ (Bouncin' On a V Disc, Solitude, Sometimes I Feel Like A Motherless Child).If you want the other songs (re-mastered to sound much cleaner), buy The Very Best of Fats Waller CD instead.
This unique compilation of modern music covers is a great break from thetraditional military fare. With light and uplifting music by the USAF bandof the Golden West is perfect for your next country drive. I listen to thisevery time I need an escape and I can almost feel the wind in my hair. Ijust wish I still had that old convertible to go along with it.
Marty Paitch, one of the great unsung arrangers in Hollywood, once did a series of swinging charts for a session with Art Pepper.  He attempted and captured the small band ensemble sound that Gerry Mulligan and others created for the famous Birth of Cool session with Miles Davis. French horn and tuba joined saxes, trumpets and trombones. Phil Woods pays tribute to that session and that sound in this wonderful live recording. The announcements of the French M.C. (bandleader?) are an added bonus.
The music on King Ubu reminded me of some of the free jazz I used to listen to back in the day.  I call the music on this album structured free improvization since each tune is based around a theme or a funky instrument.  What I like most are the pleasant surprises and ear candy that can be heard throughout.  I give the concept and performance 5 stars but an overall review of 4 stars due to the low fidelity of the recording.  But definitely put it on your "buy" list.
I'm a big fan of Charlie Parker's "Bird with Strings" album and was hoping for a similar experience here. While it's not anywhere near the classic status of Bird's record it's still a nice listen. There are times when it does feel a bit formulaic however. On a number of songs you'll hear the orchestra play their lead in part then Dizzy comes in the same exact way each song. This occurs for maybe about a 1/4 of the album. Beyond these intro's the music is great as are the arrangements. It's an overall mellow record with a slightly subpar sound quality. It's not terrible but it's definitely not up to the quality of many remasters from this era. I've come to expect this from these "Jazz in Paris" albums (see Chet Baker's).If you're looking for some classic jazz with orchestra, or more specifically trumpet you really can't go wrong with this album.
for the rock fans amongst us, there is a track on this chico hamilton cd that is to be noted: the glenn miller standard &#34;what`s your story, morning glory?&#34; is sung by no less than the immortal arthur lee (of psychedelic rock group &#34;love&#34;). the track is of note for two reasons:1) a complete stylistic aberration (if you will) for arthur lee, his somewhat sultry vocals however fit the song perfectly, showcasing what a fine singer lee in fact was.2) recorded sometime in summer or autumn 2005 and released in november of that year, &#34;what`s your story, morning glory?&#34; was the last original recording made by arthur, who died on august 3, 2006, of acute myeloid leukemia.arthur lee`s wonderfully understated rendering of this jazz classic is both a testament to his breadth of style and talent, as well as an expression of chico hamilton`s obviously fine taste...
...who can supply the names of the musicians on these songs?  Or the name of album or recording info?  I like these songs but I like to know who I'm listening to.  Also, beware.  These same songs are on other download albums and you may wind up duplicating some items.
These songs are hilarious! As I indicated, though, they are irreverent and politically incorrect. Some have twisted humor which the Addams Family might appreciate. I collect songs and compositions of acclaimed Disney composer, Richard Sherman, and found these on a recent search for such work. These are NOT Disney, film, or stage compositions in any form. Mr. Sherman and his friend Larsen created a set of songs to compliment their earlier record "Smash Flops" all of which are novelty songs, created for fun and not connected to each other or to any other work. As I said, these are funny and show an askew view of some historical events. I don't think I'd even say that these are cleared for the entire family. If you know history, you'll appreciate the alternative settings and outcomes of the historical events and settings. I appreciate these works as a glimpse into the personal expressions and views of a cherished Disney / family composer on an adult level with adult issues. Although the recording is titled "barbershop" few are actually traditional barbershop quartet songs. They are all in the style of that genre of 19th century early 20th century novelty songs such as barbershop, Dixieland, and vocal ballads.
This is a real good one from someone I had not heard of before. Howes playing is great, the tunes he writes are listenable, and the band is excellent. My favorite jazz violin album (as opposed to swing - Stephane Grappelli is still the king there), admittedly I have not heard many.
I have not heard the whole thing, but what I have heard I like. I would recommend it to my friends.
Having almost &#34;worn out&#34; Mr. Tichenor's Tempus Ragorum in which he records, AT THE CORRECT SPEED seldom heard Scott Joplin work, I was delighted to find this, at least to me, new recording of other seldom recorded real jazz pieces.  My only caveat is that I think Scott Joplin type jazz should be played slowly to be able to savor the intricate combination of notes and rhythm...this group is played to fast for my taste....but still great!
This album is the red-headed stepchild of "The Sidewinder" family of Lee Morgan. Nevertheless, that red-headed stepchild happens to be particularly beautiful and criminally underrated as a mid-career Morgan album. The wonderful jovial alacrity of the title track buries the banal simplicity of "The Sidewinder" equivalent title track, making it sound like the car commercial that it was used for. The trumpet solo on "The Rumproller" is one of Lee's best ever. "Desert Moonlight" and "Eclipso" are equally brilliant, with the piano solo on the former being one of the best I've heard in a long while. After that, the album seems to fall off quite a bit into a few more lackluster songs, which may be why it's not held in as high a regard as "The Sidewinder", an album that, in my opinion, grows stronger which each track, sustaining the high standard throughout. Nevertheless, "The Rumproller", despite it's oddly baffling name, the origin of which escapes me, holds its own amongst Morgan's records and is a worthy successor to "The Sidewinder". Definitely worth picking up, even if you're not a diehard hardbop or Lee Morgan fan.Also, I should add that I agree with other reviewers that this particular Rudy Van Gelder recording is definitely not his best. Additionally, the CD belongs to the over-compress-the-hell-out-of-it-for-maximum-volume school of CD mastering. It's about 50% louder than my copies of "Cornbread" and "The Sidewinder". Nevertheless, it's not too bad and worth buying despite that fact.
You hear it everywhere in modern music - octave double in the guitar riffs.  Wes Montgomery was the man responsible for this wonderful sonic improvement to what could potentially be another boring guitar line.This album should be in every guitarist's collection - regardless of their selected genre.4 out of 5 stars because the source material was recorded in live sessions and the engineering is a bit on the week side.
For those who are true classic ragtime followers this album is for you. I am interested primarily in Classic 5 String Banjo music from the period 1890-1920 and many of the songs/instrumentals on this album are from that period. Music from this period is hard to find in its original form.These songs/instrumentals for the most part were recorded back in that era on 78s, but have been refined and have a good sound on this album. I would recommend this album.
For the record, here are the contents of this volume, which first came out in 2000 from Memoir Records. Being a U.K. release it likely focuses on those sides that had a major impact over there. What I show here are the original North American label numbers, year and, if applicable, the highest chart position achieved in North America:1. On The Sunny Side Of The Street - Tommy Dorsey & His Orch, vocal by The Sentimentalists - Victor 1648 - # 16 in June 1945; 2. Trumpet Blues And Cantabile - Harry James & His Orch - Columbia 36549 - Feb 1942; 3. Begin The Beguine - Artie Shaw & His Orch - Bluebird 7746 - # 1 for 6 weeks in the fall of 1938; 4. In The Mood - Glenn Miller & His Orch - Bluebird 10416 - # 1 for 12 weeks in late 1939/early 1940; 5. Apple Honey - Woody Herman & His Orch - Columbia 36803 - # 16 July 1945; 6. Early Autumn - Woody Herman & His Orch - first released in 1949 on capitol 57-616 - then again in 1952 on Mars 300 - # 28 in November; 7. The Peanut Vendor - Stan Kenton & His Orch - Capitol 15052 - 1947; 8. Skyliner - Charlie Barnet & His Orch - Decca 18659 - # 19 in April 1945; 9. Sing Sing Sing (With A Swing) - Benny Goodman & His Orch - Victor 25796 - # 7 April 1938; 10. Jumpin' At The Woodside - Count Basie & His Orch - Decca 2212 - # 11 Dec 1938/Jan 1939; 11. Perdido - Jimmy Dorsey & His Orch  - Decca 18812 - 1943; 12. I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm - Les Brown & His Orch - Columbia 38324 - # 1 Dec 1948/Jan 1949; 13. Leave Us Leap - Gene Krupa & His Orch - Columbia 36802 - 1945; 14. Bakerloo Nonstop - Ted Heath & His Orch, vocal by Jack Parnell - U.K. Decca release in 1946 ; 15. No Name Jive - Glen Gray & The Casa Loma Orchestra - Decca 3089 - # 9 in May 1940; 16. South Rampart Street Parade - Bob Crosby & His Orch  - Decca 15038 - 1938; 17. Robbins' Nest - Claude Thornhill & His Orch - Columbia 38136 - 1947; 18. I Can't Get Started - Bunny Berigan & His Orch. Vocal by Bunny - Victor 25728 - # 10 February 1938.Anyone familiar with the Big Band Sound and its many fine recordings from about 1935 to the mid-1940s will recognize most of the selections, which are now available on any number of fine compilations - some with extensive liner notes, discographies and even sessionographies. Having said that, there are a few hidden gems here, sides that are not all that easy to find by devoted collectors, and in that regard I refer to tracks 2, 7, 13, 14 and 17.
from CD Roots: Tis recording presents this strong Italian jazz vocalist (singing in French on this recording) in a mix of roots and jazz, accompanied by a fairly straight-ahead (and rock solid) jazz ensemble of bass, drums, pianos, percussion, with accordion and violin. Songs by Jacques Brel, Edith Piaf, and others.
Nice CD!
The previous review refers to another album of the same name. This is not the recording with &#34;We Shall Overcome&#34;, etc.
Love Wynton Kelly's style. His tone is soft but definitely swings. It was great to see this classic on MP3. I recommend this one for jazz piano lovers.
This is a good album for listening to a lot of Jo Stafford's lesser known songs from the 1950s. The sweet voice is still there, and the sound quality is great. The songs all in all are very good, and I like this album a lot, but keep in mind that these aren't her hit songs. This album is great to expand your collection of Jo Stafford songs if you are a fan. For a starting album to hear her great voice, I would recommend Jo's "Capitol Collectors Series" album to hear her hits from the 1940s, or "The Columbia Hits Collection" to hear her hits from the 1950s. Both of these albums are excellent.
This is a compilation of old time favorites that are difficult to find individually. Many of them are nonsense dittys, but many of them were songs that I learned in school or that I heard relatives singing or saw on TV shows. Some of the individual recordings do reflect techniques that are not as good as modern techniques, but that really doesn't bother me.
This CD is great if you are learning Ballroom dance. It has a good variety of songs, from waltz, foxtrot, chacha, rumba and more. I bought it because I was talking a ballroom dance class and needed music to practice with, each song tells you the style. For a few styles they give to two songs with different speeds. There is a slower waltz and a fast waltz etc. Have fun!
Great compilation of tuneswide variety of stylesall expertly playedwell produceddon't miss itA good feel album
BENISEBenise LiveRosanegra (2004)Apparently, Benise is generating some buzz in certain musical circles and with five studio albums under their belt so it appeared that a compilation of some sort was in order. Instead of the obligatory "best of" to rehash the past, Benise released a limited edition double live album and what a firecracker she is. Encapsulating their live show, Benise' main architect is Ron Benise on his guitar who prudently surrounds himself with a cast of band members that still make this very much a group effort.My original introduction to this band was a live exposure on a sunny day in Southern California walking around Downtown Disney and I was immediately impressed with the band. Though on a grander scale, this venture also features a very enthusiastic band that pulls from the energy of the fervent crowd. Despite the lack of a major label backing Benise continues to produce a very high quality product. Okay, so the CD booklet is a one pager with "bootleg" imprinted upon it but certainly the production quality avoids any dodgy bootleg status. In fact, disc one is the soundtrack to the high quality Viva Spanish Nights DVD. With the exception of a mastering problem while transitioning from the introduction track to the opening song "Shakara" this would probably be the only technological glitch that I noted. This is far from a bootleg status.So what about "Shakara"? Well, it immediately captives the audience with a fine battle between Ron Benise on guitar and Jim Sitterly on violin. Add the dynamic dual of C.G. Ryche on percussion and Carlos Lopez on drums and you know that you are in store for a great overview of Benise up close and personal. Speaking of percussion scuffles check out the almost carnival party atmosphere of "Tribal". If this fiesta does not move you then perhaps it is time for your annual physical. And if you really want to fully appreciate this work out check out the visual version on the DVD Viva Spanish Nights.But this album is not just about having a carnival. Explore the more restrained folksy "Mediterranea", which oozes of romance via its simplicity. Clocking in over seven minutes it embodies both the reflective and carnival aspect of the band starting off in a strolling capacity contrasted with the double time conclusion. Equally as effective is the gorgeous "Santa Barbara" taken from the Mediterranea album that I previously reviewed.As for disc two, the party continues courtesy for the thumping "Tabu" where once again Ron Benise exhibits his ferocious yet passionate guitar technique. Meanwhile Sitterly utterly sizzles and does well to keep up with Ron. The festivities continue with the vivacious "Carnaval" which also includes the participation of the crowd who accompany the band with their whistles as a result of Benise's beckoning. Clocking in over 8 minutes it is an utter revelry for both the band and the crowd. However, just like disc one Benise keeps us guessing with the dreamier "Brazil", which includes some vocal chanting from a female singer. Equally as wistful is the soulful "Brazilian Summer". Just who is playing that conservative piano solo? Meanwhile, if you want to hear the entire band in full action fast-forward to "Galletto's Jam" that is a true aerobic workout. As impressive is the concluding "Fandango" closing the album out on a partially military explosive high. Ron Benise is all over his guitar bringing the crowd to their enthusiastic feet.Granted I have seen these guys perform live at Downtown Disney in a stripped down unplugged sort of way and was impressed then. While the DVD Viva Spanish Nights and Benise Live helps share the dynamics of a full-scale concert I am sure it does not replace the real thing. Nevertheless, Benise Live does an exceptional job of harnessing the energetic performances of the band. For those of you not yet familiar with Benise this is a great place to start
I had the priveledge to see Elliot at Disney World. He was SO smooth and cool. He had the audience eating out of the palm of his hand. He came over to me and my date was just great. The CD shows some of his smoothness
I bought this to play during massage sessions and really liked it until about 45 min into the music when there is some gentle chanting. It caught me by surprise and so I only play it for those who don't mind the vocal. It is very brief but some do not like that part.
This is music suitable for quiet moods.  I am impressed with this artist's abilities and sensibilities, and will definitely be on the lookout for more of his original work.
i downloaded alice and it is cool old school sounding jazz very good,this song is pretty mellow,if u r in 2 jazz download this free download  uprightamust
This is mellow enough to read to or just sit and relax to but also has just enough energy to make you slightly move along. You will like this if you like jazz or mid-tempo music. Definitely worth the price tag! Also great for kids. It puts a smile on my 2yr old nephews face and he just acts silly and giggles to it; that is a definite plus!
I'd give this one a 4 star, rather than 5 because it isn't quite up to the sound quality of the &#34;Rock-A-Bye Basie&#34; cd (VJC-1033).  If you're curious, have a look at my five star rating for that cd.  There is some overlap, but only a few tracks.This is live music from arguably the greatest swing band in the history of jazz.  I can udnerstand the reviewers who gave it five stars.  There is some sensational music on this cd, not found elsewhere.  The solos by Lester Young, one of the greatest, if not the greatests, improvising tenor saxophone players in the history of jazz are worth the price of the cd alone.If you like Lester's work with Billie Holiday on the Vocalion and Brunswick sides led by either Billie or Teddy Wilson, I'm going to guess you'll love this music too.  Lester Young sounds great backing Jimmy Rushing and Helen Humes (the Basie vocalists of this period).  It's not quite the same as his musical &#34;mind meld&#34; with Billie Holiday, but it is great music.The other four star reviewer mentioned the solos by fellow tenor sax player, Herschel Evans.  this was before Herschel's early death.  Evans and Young had very different sounds and play some interesting contrasting style solos.  You  also get some terrific solos from trumpeters, Buck Clayton and Harry &#34;Sweets&#34; Edison.  You get that wonderful &#34;spare&#34; style of piano from Basie (&#34;The Holy Main&#34;, as Lester called him) and you get the &#34;All American Rythm Section&#34; of Basie, Jo Jones on drums, Freddie Green on Guitar and Walter Page (yes, the one who led the &#34;Blue Devils&#34;, the band that preceeded Bennie Moten's, which preceeded Basie's).Many of the  songs will be familar to you if you know the Decca studio recordings from this same period, &#34;Moten Swing&#34;. &#34;One O'Clock Jump&#34;, &#34;Jumpin' at the Woodside&#34;, &#34;TIme Out&#34; and &#34;Out The Window&#34;.  Some are &#34;head&#34; arrangements and some are the work of Eddie Durham.The sound quality is mediocre, the music divine.
Great stuff from Harry James with Helen Forrest and Johnny Mcafee providing vocals. These are live radio broadcasts with decent sound quality and clarity. There is a nice mix of up-tempo swing and some of the ballads that James became famous for during the war years. The opening number of "One dozen roses" is something that was quite popular at the time, but something I have never been able to find in a "live" recording. If you like Harry James, or the big bands in general you should enjoy this CD.
This album just keeps at the top of my "recently played".  new tunes from Katrina, and classics, that just keep getting played and played and played.  If you love delta blues,  this album is a keeper.
I have wanted to hear "Glider Rider" since I read about it in Steven Ambrose's "Band of Brothers". It is a song by and about the non-parachuting regiments of the 82st and 101st Airborne Divisions. They were being treated like ordinary infantry while the parachuting regiments got extra pay and higher status. It is a tribute to the modern Airborne that they will not ignore this part of their history.I like the other specifically Airborne material. The rest of the album is competently sung by the chorus, but not special, at least in my opinion.
Recorded in NYC and originally released on vinyl in 1977, `Nothing will be...' is from Purim's most productive creative period as a Brazilian political exile in the USA.This is fine jazz from the classic fusion period, ambient but with a hard edge. Purim's very distinctive voice is a natural gift for the jazz idiom. She sings some numbers in Portuguese, and some in her (delightful Portuguese-accented) English. A great number of session musicians - including Airto on percussion - contributed to the sound, and even `handclaps' are credited (!).If you like high-quality vocal-led jazz, check it out. It's great mood music, and has a timeless quality which still endows it with a contemporary feel.
Soprano sax.  The familiar and new- to- me songs.  Coltrane was and still is the saxaphone master. A must hear for fans and students of Jazz,
Coltrane is awesome as always.  This melodic jazz album goes down smooth.  Great for jazz fans but may not be the most accessible to the uninitiated.  "My Favorite Things" is pretty accessible to everyone though since it is such a famous song.
This album contains seven upbeat bouncy light-hearted jazz tracks.  Not Brother Jack's most inspired effort, but thoroughly enjoyable, and great background music for a cocktail party, mid-1960's style.  Here are the personnel and dates, courtesy of the incomparable Jazzdisco dot org.Atlantic LP 1484, Brother Jack McDuff - Do It Now!Brother Jack McDuff QuintetDanny Turner (alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, flute) Leo Johnson (tenor saxophone, flute) Brother Jack McDuff (organ) Melvin Sparks (guitar) Ray Appleton (drums), NYC, December, 1966Do It NowStrollin' BluesSummer SambaMush MelonMutt And JeffPleasant Moments-same as above, except Ray Lucas (drums), NYC, May 23, 1967Snap Back Jack
Devin Phillips is well worth the ear of a straight up jazz appreciator.After hearing him perform live I decided to purchase a copy of Wade in the Water and on listening to it a few times I have no regret,I'll be adding Devin Phillips to my playlists that include Stan Getz and Lester Young, PDX is lucky to have him here.
I first heard of Maureen Washington last year on Myspace.  Lovely music.  Highly recommend.
The Jumpin' Joz Band is a southern California Swing band that swings hard and is good enough to earn gigs at Southern California's premier playground, Disneyland. They put on a lively show and this album is as lively as any show can get. The music is tight, tight, tight, and all the musicians know what they're doing. The band can play and their leader knows how to entertain.This album is mostly a dance party album, but there are a few tracks that are suitable for sit-down listening and fit into a smooth jazz playlist. It is fast and furious for the most part, but also lets you slow down here and there. Most of the songs are standards and what The Jumpin Joz Band brings to them is energy!  LOADS of energy! So if you're looking for Saturday night dance party music that swings, and a few tracks that will fit into a Smooth Jazz playlist, Buy this CD! It mixes well enough with Rock-Dance music to add variety to your dance line up, and a few tracks mix well into concentrated listening. I'm certain that you won't be disappointed. The members are all superb musicians and the arrangements are good, but most of all, this album is full of happy dance and energy. Buy it if you think you can keep up! Buy it also for it's versatility.p.s. The band has their own website. Search for it to get the complete lowdown on who the band members are and where they'll be playing next.
Aside from Steve Lawson's obvious virtuosity, his compositional skills also shine forth on this cd. The musical styles range from from funky to meditative. It's a great listen and not just for bassists.
Revised: Based on the cover music alone I'd place this on the upper shelf. It might be a "drummers on top" cd, but that's what's being showcased, ...and I am still listening. Some beautiful work in here. The long-ish explorations of music (instrument solos) are characteristic of this style of jazz. (btw: I appreciated CH's detailed review here, ...even if a mite strict/stingy with his stars. ha.)
I'm a long time metal fan who started getting into Miles Davis ('69-'75) a couple months ago and have started assimilating my love of jazz through other classics such as Duke Ellington, and Fusion artists such as Herbie Hancock and Chick Corea... right now mostly everything from the 70's directly related to Miles.My metal background hits everything.  Prog, Death, Goth, Power, you name it.  Favorite bands?  The Faceless, Arsis, and above all Katatonia.  (This record sounds like NONE OF THESE at all.)Alright, now to the meat;  I got this partly because there were no other reviews on it, and the fact that it was Japanese.  I say that because they tend to have a very different cultural take on metal;  for example on the opening track of this album, "Voodoo Doll," what they call 'metal' to me is actually much more punk rock than anything I'm accustomed too.  This varies throughout the album but largely this was my only gripe.In the grand scope of things this is more appropriately a fusion record with strong influences from classical jazz;  the trumpet player uses the old Miles Davis stemless mute throughout the record, and overall it has a very 'classic' feel to it.  The jazz is often the strongest part of the record;  the guitarist is much more suited to leads than to rhythm;  I just don't feel he's got good groove.The band occasionally finds material similar to Bitches Brew, which is wonderful to me.Standout tracks:  T Rock starts out with a more nighttime swing feel but turns into a more Santana-esque track towards the last 3 minutes or so and is a great jam.  Kundalina, Winter Time is the most guitar-focused track and has a very loose feel to it.The hardest thing to stomach on this album is just the fusion of distorted guitar with mellow keyboards and other instrumentation;  it takes some time to digest, but once you listen through it a bit it grows on you.  My brain wants to say "These things shouldn't go together" but the cleverness of the arrangements is that the guitar never competes with other instruments.  There's no reason for these things to not go together except the prejudices of the listener... which considering how most Jazz and Metal fans are means that very few will appreciate this unless you have a very eclectic taste.I'll be honest though, if you don't like traditional Jazz and come from a metal background you will probably HATE this album with a passion.  The "Metal" is questionable as its more like a heavier Jazz Fusion than metal--to my taste.If you like tech bands like Death, Cynic, or Gordian Knot, this is different than all of these bands, but if you also like 70's Miles you should find a place for this on your shelf.  If you only like jazz or only like metal I would probably avoid this at all costs unless you feel really adventurous--but I warned you.  If you're eclectic--seriously--this was a very rewarding album to me.
The image and track listing displayed in this page are most definitely those in respect of the smooth jazz fivesome whose great debut first appeared in 1984/85, so if you buy this expecting it to be a Brit band doing decidedly non-jazzy stuff, you'll be sorely disappointed.The leading lights of Wishful Thinking (the original and genuine Wishful Thinking, that is, not to be confused with any other bands calling themselves the same) were Chris Boardman (keyboards) and Tim Weston (guitars), ably supported by Dave Garibaldi (drums), Jerry Watts (bass) and Dave Shank (vibes).Recorded in Burbank and Woodland Hills, California, this was an auspicious debut indeed, with sleeve notes c/o Walter Becker of Steely Dan fame no less. Tim Weston produced.It's mostly upbeat and pacy all-instrumental smooth-ish jazz (not fusion), nicely punchy but not excessively so, with a longish, slightly bluesy track in the middle of Side 2. And it's tuneful from end to end, underpinned by a great rhythm section in the form of Messrs Garibaldi and Watts, whilst Dave Shank's nifty vibes playing adds additional colour.The trouble is, they never managed to follow up with another album as good as this one and therefore sank gently but unstoppably into oblivion. Maybe, like Zzah four years later with their 1989 debut, they only had one really good album in them ~ but a good'un it is and, if you hunt around, you may be able to find it on CD (mine's a Japanese import). Recommended.
Fun jazz from a pretty talented Sax guy and backing band.  I heard this on Pandora one morning and was so taken with the groove that I had to buy it right away.  That doesn't often happen. If you like Jazz to any extent this will be pretty enjoyable to you as it's got an old feel to it but in a new way for sure.  Check it out!
This is definitely an earnest send up of Dixieland. The music is reminiscent yet original and toe tappingly enjoyable. Call and response old style jazz solo's and melodies that hearken back to the dixieland sound that few bands have been able to recreate.While the instrumentation is expertly true to the genre the vocals are a little studio sounding at times. Although the harmonies are RIGHT on, there tends to be a faux vintage feel to them. Especially on songs like "Sleepy head". Vocals of this variety are a very delicate balance. Vocals that are too raw will sound amateurish and too polished will end up sounding like manufactured studio sounds like Brian Setzer and the like.The album is still very very enjoyable and a must listen for anyone who wants to make the leap from Squirrel Nut Zippers to old school dixieland. It's a great Primer.
Great, heavy groove inspired jazz metal, broken up and odd time signatures. Very driving hard edged, odd time grooves throughout.  Think Zorn meets Meshuggah, and it has it's melodic slow moments as well.  If you need to exercise some demons or just appreciate intense kick butt rhythms, this is for you
If you're familliar with Bob Baldwin you know that he likes to mix different styles on his cd:s.He has done that here as well but with the difference that he went to Rio de Janeiro to record this one.It's like a cool, smooth mix of contemporary urban jazz and brazilian music.The players are mostly from Brazil with some exceptions.On this one Bob managed to get it right.It's a perfect record to chill to just as the title suggests!Great mix between Brazil and U.S..
I have several of Bob's recordings. I like the direction he went with this project. Very different sound than prior recording. There is a heavy latin influence here. Heavy on percussion and that "latin feel."  All in all, a good effort!
OK, the entire sub-genre's pretty hurtin', but this strikes me as one of the better offerings.  I detect some real soulfulness in Baldwin's piano playing (Joe Sample is an apt comparison), generally toned-down background vocals and sweeting, and often a very pleasant and even quite sophisticated rhyhmic groove.No, this is not Horace Tapscott or Keith Tippett let alone Cecil Taylor.  But for what it is, it ain't all that bad.  I must admit, I often find smooth jazz unlistenable, but this disc has a congenial enough feel and enough backbone to make it at least an agreeable diversion, if not great music.  3 and 1/2 stars.
As I listen to this CD, from the word, 'jump' I'm engrossed in this man's style! The fact that he brought along some big names to the show doesn't hurt either, but even alone, this man is laying it down! I purchased this CD after hearing track #6, If You Insist, at a friend's house warming party. Maybe it was the funk-driven piano, or the groove that STILL has my foot tappin' when I think of it, the song SOLD me on the entire album. 15 songs and the man NEVER says quit all the way through, I can see that I have some 'make-up' work to do in getting this man's earlier work but have no fear...I shall! I wonder when he'll make it to Seattle to do a show, because my wife and I will be sitting downfront tapping our feet! Great work.......
I would really like to recomend to everyone this cd, exquisit, delicate, something to die for.special melody for having breakfast on summer day near the see.
Much as what seems to be with most older albums, especially jazz, as an entire album, it isn't mixed as well as it could be. But Jazz albums aren't really meant to be the way a Pink Floyd album plays. It is about the individual songs and that is really how it needs to be listened to. There are many quietly powerful moments that definitely make it worth owning this album. I bought it primarily because of the Jim Hall collaboration. He is an incredible listener, and he and Paul play off of each other extremely well. If nothing else, it is worth being able to hear two incredible musicians that can really feed each other and are playing for the song and not themselves.
Louis Armstrong is someone I admire for doing what they did consistently.  Thus, if you are at all familiar with Satchmo, you have a good idea what this album is all about.  There are those who view Armstrong's later years as a time of commercial submission, yet from my perspective, he elevated all the material that he recorded.  This set of Disney tunes is no different.  I bought it for my toddler son, so that he would be exposed to music of quality, but that would also appeal to him; however, I have no qualms listening to it on my own.  My favorite is Louis' take on "Chim Chim Cheree", followed by "The Bare Necessities".  If you have kids, make sure they hear this recording!
My four year old was first introduced to Louis Armstrong through a Christmas compilation with &quot;Zat you, Santa Claus?&quot; on it (and was the only 3-year old to say Louis Armstrong was her favorite singer at her preschool).  I found this when looking for other things she might like, and we really really enjoy it.  Even her classmates got a kick out of it when we brought it in one day!  Buy it and enjoy.
i have always been a big fan of Craig T Cooper. I would buy just about anything that has his name attached to it.
I loved Bachue Cafe and was not disappointed in this. It has a simple clear sound with interesting musical construction.
I'd lean more toward 3.5 stars for this collection. As others have mentioned, the video quality is subpar, though I suspect that was done intentionally to make the DVDs seem "grittier."  It sometimes works, sometimes doesn't.  As for the audio, there are moments when James LaBrie strains to hit or hold a note. His voice sounds tired at times. The rest of the guys are, as always, pretty much flawless. Particularly worth mentioning is John Petrucci's soaring solo on "Surrounded," which is the must-listen track of the set. Petrucci and the other guys are sometimes accused of being technicians who don't play with emotion, but this solo alone has the power to quiet much of that misguided criticism.Ultimately, "Chaos in Motion" is probably for hardcore DT fans only, who will enjoy the different takes on songs they know by heart. Casual fans should probably purchase "Score" if they want to know what this band can do live.
hey! wasn't this deluxe boxset supposed to be a limited edition of 5000 copies only??!! why is amazon still selling it! i thought all the 5000 copies were already sold! i hope they haven't tricked us...i bought this boxset because i'm a DT fan and i wanted to be one of the lucky 5000, but now i realise that amazon is still selling it =S...this dissapoints me.
This is a response to how bad amazon's service is.  I had this order when it was first released and to be fair, there was some confusion on alot of different sides.  The package got sent but when it was delivered to the wrong address, I called amazon about it because it got sent back to their distribitor.  They told me that when this happens, they can not track it to turn it around and I could get a refund (which I did) and re-order it.  The only prob with this is that it is a limited addition item and it was sold out and I got screwed because of amazons lack of ability to track.  Long story short, I got the item not from amazon but fron CD Universe and I am happy for that.  Bottom line is, I will never order from Amazon again and I recommend that no one else does either.
A disclaimer first: I am a really big DT fan.  To me, they are the most talented band in the world and by far my favorite.  I was traveling in Europe for business the week Chaos in Motion was released, and I was shocked to find the 5-disk edition in an airport electronics store in Italy.  As a result, I got to watch it on the flight back.DT had warned that the video quality would not be as good, so I was prepared for that.  Considering the price (less than $40 for two DVDs and three CDs) I think the trade-off of footage from lots of shows instead of cinema-quality from one like the last two DVDs was a good choice by MP, especially when - for a band like Dream Theater - it's all about the music.  I find the audio quality to be very good and I really enjoy when they revisit classics - especially the projects from the pre-Jordan days and given them a more current treatment.  Throughout all of the songs, the musicianship is nearly flawless, of course.Looking at the other reviews, what some may not understand about DT fans is that we simply cannot get enough of the band.  I really enjoyed the 90 minutes behind the scenes.  As one reviewer noted, there are not tons of endearing anecdotes, but it is still a glimpse inside the touring of my favorite band.  After the 4th Indiana Jones movie came out, a friend asked what I thought and I said that no matter what, I was happy for another evening with an old friend and that Indy could probably do no wrong for me.  Dream Theater is much the same...just thankful for another evening (or set of evenings) with my favorite band.  If there is such the things as a casual DT fan, don't start with this one...definitely start with SCORE or Budokan or even Scenes from New York.  For those of us that get it, we love the chance to learn more about their personalities and hear them accomplish the impossible live yet again.
How did I not ever know about this great singer! Soulful, passionate and earthy, this album has it all. I wish it also had a recording of "The Thrill is Gone" which I can only find a live version from Germany.....
A classic among classics! I had a 99 cent credit about to run out and I downloaded the mp3. I will download the entire album now.
good to see multitalented singer&songwriter deborah allen is back at it (gorgeous cover by the way) her voice fits perfectly around these jazzy tunes how can i buy a physical copy of this cd?
I stumbled across this LP and have really enjoyed it. His vocals are great and the backup band is good, too. I recommend this LP if you like your jazz with muscular vocals.
I had met Scott several years ago when he did a concert here.  I liked what I heard at the concert enough that I bought one of his albums.  He had said in the concert that he was in the process of writing new material.  I saw this and decided to try it.  I like the pieces.  They have a melancholic quality about them and use dissonance at times that, to me, is unusual.  It gives them a unique quality with an intriguing effect of pulling you in with the sweet melodic part, with occasional touches of dissonance that create a bit of tension to keep it unpredictable.
Anthony Molinaro has a phenomenal grasp and expression for this genre while bringing it to new levels.  His interpretation and clever improvisations would make Gershwin proud.  I did, however, find his left hand heavy at times which covered up much of various melodies and improvisations.  I ant to give him the benefit of the doubt where it might be the sound systems have plaid it on, but it appears to be fairly consistent.  Otherwise, bravo Mr. Molinaro, you are my new hero!
Most jazz accordionists seem to be stuck in 1940; very square rhythmically and harmonically. Victor's compositions, playing and his wonderful trio put him at the head of his class, even if there are precious few in the class!  He plays with plenty of space (thank you!) and he steers clear of the usual barrage of "Lawrence Welk notes".  Bravo!
alot like ozric tentacles but different in a good way! just give a listen you will know what Im talking about.
One of the best jazz fusion groups of the 1970's and 1980's. Their reunion in 2000 was recorded and this is the result.  Highly original music, tight horns, great grooves.  I miss these guys as a regular performing band.  I hope they find a way to play again, and let us share through a recording or three.
Good listen. Funky and upbeat. Found off Pandora, glad I bought it, good energetic fun songs. I knew nothing about these guys before hand.
I love listening to small jazz ensembles, and this album is one of my favorites. It has a similar sound and feel to the Bill Evans Trio Village Vanguard live recordings http://amzn.com/B000AMJEKA (in fact the liner notes to this album indicate that Mr. Fremgen is very influenced by that trio). There's wonderful interplay between all three players.Peter Erskine is the drummer: that alone should be worth the price. On this album his playing, which is always wonderful, is wonderful while at times being so laid back. (Check out his playing and solo on &#34;Stella By Starlight&#34;.)I love the sound of Mr. Fremgen's playing. Again, very reminiscent, sonically, of Scott LaFaro on the aforementioned recordings. The soloing and fast playing is jaw-droppingly good.I had the pleasure of seeing the Jeff Helmer and John Fremgen quartet at South by Southwest (3/14/2002 at the Elephant Room). I bought the cd at that show and have never regretted it.
Most people do not even know about them. I got a few songs for free and decided I like them a lot. I am buying the rest. It is music you will want to sing and dance to! They are into it and it is true.
Cry me a regret that no one has yet stepped up to fill the sultry vocal gap left when Julie London passed on.  Her unique style was a mix of languid phrasing and a smoky alto voice unfortunately fueled by cigarettes.  Laura Taylor, a Vegas-based performer, comes close to London's sound.  With tasteful accompaniment by guitarist Joe Lano and bassist Tom Warrington, London's takes on the title track and on "Blue Moon" are nearly as evocative as those of her model.  A little more rasp in her whisper would have left London's bridges falling down and Taylor as the new fair lady.
Very accomplished guitarist.  I had never heard of him before a friend traveled to Spain and heard him perform there.  On his recommendation I bought the recording and was very pleased both because of his technical ability and for his musicality.  Really nice album of modern flamenco music.
I bought this Practice session long ago on an audio cassette.The idea was to play it on a stereo player.  On one speaker you hear just the music and on the other you hear justJudy Niemack's voice.  So when you want to practice improvising, you turn down Judy's voice and YOU sing with the music,or you lower the volume a bit on Judy's voice and sing over hers, and work on your scat/improvisation.So dont know if the CD format can be used the same way.  I am hoping so, but I haven't been able to try it out on astereo unit yet, so I don't know if it will work.  I loved it in tape format for all the reasons mentioned above.When I purchased this CD format, I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it properly as a Practice Session.FLASH- I just found out you can drop Judy's songs one by one into a "GarageBand" New Project and with the Pan buttonmanipulate things so you can "pan" from one "speaker" to the other.  So YES the CD is in stereo format.
Many of these tunes are recordings of common big band arrangements that I've played in a couple of big bands, so I enjoy being able to hear these arrangements while learning them.
Review/Details of the music from the late Morris Pert's website:This CD features a previously unreleased Album by Suntreader recorded in London in the mid-1970s. The original tapes, long believed lost, were only recently located (May 2001). Although some percussion overdubs were necessary, the basic tracks were recorded 'live' in the studio as first and only takes. We wanted the end result to sound fluid and organic, and so rhythmic patterns go in and out of phase, tonal centres blur and then coalesce and the overall form is free and completely subservient to the demands of the musical material as it appears within the improvisation.M.P. (Morris Pert)Tracks 1 - 3 ( M. Pert / P. Robinson) M.C.P.S./P.R.S.Morris Pert - Timpani, Boo Bams, Gongs, Roto-toms, Bells, Talking Drum, Bongos, Congas, Drums, Maracas, Whistle, Wood Blocks, Tam Tams, Cabasa, Clay drums, Timbales, Sleigh Bells, Grand Piano, Honky Tonk Piano, Piano Duet Secondo (Track 1), Hand Bells.Peter Robinson - Electric Piano, Ring Modulator, Piano Duet Primo (Track 1), Inside Piano, Organ, Mellotron, Clavinet, Indian Bells, Hand Bells.Neville Whitehead - Electric BassRecorded at Marquee Studios, LondonEngineer - Will RoperProduced by SuntreaderTrack 4 ( M. Pert) M.C.P.S./P.R.S.Morris Pert - All instruments and electronicsRecorded at "The Chalet Studio", Balchrick, ScotlandProduced by Morris Pert
I just puchased the Tom Adams single "A Very Precious Love" for my MP 3 player..There were many artists who recorded this lovely song from the film "Margarie Moringstar", but Tom's was by far the best. I had not heard of him before, but enjoyed this song to the upmost. May buy others of his songs. He strikes the right balance. Can image sitting in a wonderful bar and listening to Tom and sippling on a dry martini. Good vibes......
I wanted to get good jazz flautist cd and this one fit he bill. Dwayne Kerr is exceptional smooth jazz and great for relaxing. I would also recommend Randy Boom Chang Bang Muller (now there's a nick name) and Ragan Whiteside. Just load up the playlist, get a glass of wine, sit back and relax.
Very good set. There a couple of tracks that I skip from time to time. But all in all I'm becoming a Dotsero fan.
I've been a fan of Ms. Carlson since the mid 70's when she performed locally in rock bands. Her move to jazz standards was the right move (not to knock her ability to rock). This is a wonderful album with strong performances by her and her accompanying musicians. I think it's stronger than her critically acclaimed Christmas albumThis Christmas ... my favorite things. I've listened to this album literally hundreds of times and it still wears very well.
This live set backing "blues singer" Katherine Davis with the crack Chicago Blues Ensemble (featuring the wonderful Boogie Woogie piano player Erwin Helfer!) must have been great fun for the audience. The music is great with a wonderful New Orleans-style rocker "Never Make a Move Too Soon" clocking in at just under 10 minutes. "Watermelon Man" that Mongo Santamaria jazz hit from the 1960s leads of the disc and really lets the band play. Davis takes on the risqu&eacute; 20s blues diva hit " I Need A Little Sugar for My Bowl" and is lots of fun. There are some long song intros and "shout ots" to folks in the audience included and they will wear out their welcome on repeated playing. (2 are "indexed"; the others aren't).The version of the traditional "Make Me A Pallet On The Floor" is definitely in a completely different tempo than you've ever heard before and I found myself hitting the "skip" button about half way through the song.The sound it great for a "live" recording in a small club, but I expect that from Siren.The problem with "live" recordings is that they are done in one take. Sometimes that's not always the best. In the case of this CD, it captures the moment but an all-musical studio album might have worked better.It's still worth checking out, especially with Helfer at the keys!Steve Ramm "Anything Phonographic"
He is a great vibraphonist and I like this cd and the tunes.  I feel that he rushes thru them a little, which is why I eft the 5th star off, but, it is really hard to find solo vibraphone cd's, this one is well worth hearing, and,  he really does play very good.
For three yanks, Split Level demonstrates ability and style in keeping alive a long tradition of rock n' roll with roots in the blues.Keep it up mates!Keith Richards ~
This is our idea of ideal jazz, refined down to the bare essentials. Its beauty is really in this simplicity. It is much more difficult to make arrangements like this that really work, than a cluttered arrangement with too many things going on. Give this Disc a turn at your next dinner or cocktail party. You will find it to be a great mood setter that won't offend anyone or unduly intrude on your event. Kudos to these two fine musicians.Cheers! Bob and Gloria
Mighty fine listening, cool arranging, flawless technique except with the sound mix.  Guitar base is barely audible (really needs to be out there when only two instruments play) and would balance down the flute treble just a hair.  Nicely done.
If you like the Shirley Temple movies and the jazz music of the era you will thoroughly enjoy this fun collections. If you don't enjoy either than you should probably move along. This is Shirley Temple at her adorable best!
I bought this CD for the remix version of the Barney Fade (one of my personal faves) but found much more to like about it. An interesting non-vocal CD by the experimental Fragile State. If you like Schnauss or Tangerine you will enjoy this too.
Scott Brown and Marc Smith's mix is absolutely amazing. It has wonderful buildups, seamless transitions between tracks, and great hardcore beats that form easily the best mix I've ever heard.It should literally be a crime to not buy this perfect ~1.25 hour mix for $0.89
Angela Bofill is one of the best vocalist in popular music,she is a classically trained singer and this recording of  &#34;Follow Your Road&#34; is good even with the forgotten lyrics by Angela. The audience joins her in song to &#34;help&#34; out and to be honest it worked out, it kind of gave it that &#34;we're all in this together feel&#34; which lead to the roaring climax when Angela took over !
fun
Very good CD with quite a bit of variety, but his new one with his trio, Sally Beth Roe (available for download, just not here - yet - why I have no idea) is spectacular. The latter release is easily the equal of the best work of personal favorites of mine like Scott Henderson and Jeff Beck. One hears echoes of these players, Steve Morse, Stevie Ray and others in Gradwohl's playing but they're filtered through a unique sensibility. I love his huge appetite for funk and rock - you will hear no noodling - ever! A very talented player, good compositions, tight trio.
I'd never heard of Noel Freidline, but I'm really impressed.  It's very well done Christmas jazz.  I don't have many Chrismas Jazz recordings, and I'm glad I have this.  It's got one of the few recordings of &#34;Deck us all with Boston Charlie.&#34;  Pogo, we miss you.
If you like old school jazz this one of them by Lisa Hilton.  This nice relaxing music that puts you front roll in a New Your Jazz Club.
Singer/songwriter Steve Erwin exacts a quiet influence on those around him.  With an operatic voice and a detailed-oriented style of song craft, Erwin made himself a staple of the Washington D. C. music scene.  Back in 2006, Erwin released Was It Like This, a debut album that was re-released in 2008 with bonus tracks.  Erwin's songwriting and voice are certain to capture your attention, and the guitar work of no less than Danny Gatton in support helps to push a good-bordering-on-great album over the edge.Was It Like This opens with "Sweet Boy," a solid story-teller song built in a m&eacute;nage of blues, country and roots rock.  Erwin fills the song with inflection and energy with a voice that makes you want to keep listening.  "Oh, Howard" blends murder, intrigue and the depths of alcoholism into a story about a mentor gone on the lam; an entertaining turn that truly displays Erwin's talent for detail-oriented song craft.  "In Fall" is a work of art.  Erwin's quiet song of remembrance is enhanced by Gatton, who fills and frolics in subtly magical measure.  "Walkin' This Road" is great bluesy-folk with a gospel tinge and R&B; backbeat, and is an entertaining tune with a one-day-at-a-time theme that is highly entertaining."Uncomplicated Love" is a classic Christmas-themed ballad that's lovelorn and weary yet hopeful all at once.  Erwin bemoans his search for a love that's built on the basics.  The songwriting here is so classic in style you'll swear it must be a cover.  "Born A Tourist" is a nine-minute blues/rock guitar clinic in the form of a song.  Starting in slow dynamic turns, Erwin and Gatton take listeners to frenetic heights before setting you gently back on earth again.  Particularly if you yourself play guitar, this song on its own makes the album worth checking out.Steve Erwin does a lot of things right on Was It Like This.  His voice, within his comfortable range, is very much worth spending some time with.  Erwin also has distinctive skill as a songwriter and storyteller, showing an attention to detail in his lyrics that is rare and even harder to make work well within the structure of a song.  The addition of Danny Gatton's guitar work is a boon as well.  Gatton dashes and dances between Erwin's melody lines with a flair that's legendary, illuminating the songs with rhythms, sounds and fills that turn great songwriting into works of art.-Wildy Haskell
...if I do say so myself.  And I do so say.  Lots of hyperactive drums, wang dang doodle guitar playing, slap fish bass, and of course the piano.  I hear the band is back in the studio, so maybe they'll have something new out soon.
1. Bust Out2. The Mongoose and the Snake3. Hi and Lo4. Blood Orange Sun5. White Trash Toodle oo6. Julie Grave7. Rosanne8. Hammerblow9. Tom the Lion10. Wingtips11. Breathe12. The Good Things13. Arrancate
I first heard this group on the Vicky Christina Barcelona soundtrack and wanted more. Every track on this album delivers!
"My Friend" is haunting melancholy with a surfy, doom & gloom Doors like vibe..  "On and On" is whimsical, persistent,and has a jangle, almost Western on the range kind of feel..  Like so many of his other releases, this one oozes with personal sentimentality and a lot of contemplation..
i never heard of gene rodgers but heard a piece on an internet radio station.  the piece sounded a bit like jess stacy so i found this and bought it.  this is actually in a later style but i liked it.
No doubt that Dudziak is an incredibly talented and skilled vocalist. But this music is bizarre. It's not something I can just put on and listen to. I have to pay attention, and can only handle so much at a time. But for the appreciation of truly difficult vocal tricks, it's certainly worth a listen. However, she does not have the sensitivity of Bobby McFerrin, who is every bit as skilled (or more) as she.
This jazz album/cd is for the pimps of the 70s ( SuperFly, The Mack, etc.)Reuben is on of the few soul jazz artist still among us who help set the style of soul jazz in that era.What's cool, is that he is still active with the young up and coming jazz cats, showing them how it's done.
This is a good mix that is easy to listen to without having to be a jazz aficionado.Lots of good tunes, though on the whole I still like "driving thru my day gig" a little more.
Jeffrey Smith may be off the radar, unless you are a jazz-a-holic. Disappointed that there was no playlist while looking for favorites, Kiss and Tell, Mocha Love etc. Hint hint; check the mp3 list and there are the tracks
I first heard Jerry Weldon played on a Chicago station and was immediately drawn to that melodic tenor sax. I had to look it up and have been rewarded w/a musician who I can really identify with. The man really cooks and has played w/some of the greats- organists Jimmy McGriff, Joey DeFrancesco, Bobby Forrester, Dr. Lonnie Smith, and Mel Rhyne, trombone great Al Grey, piano giants George Cables and Cedar Walton, drum legends Roy Haynes and Jimmy Cobb as well as guitarist/singer George Benson, guitarist Earl Klugh, bassist Keter Betts and singer Mel Torm&eacute;. If the song 'this i dig of you' don't turn you into a fan, I don't know what will.
I like to scroll through the mp3 lists on different old standards in search of less known talent.  Was checking out the old Billy Holiday standard, "Easy Living'" and into page 2 of sampling ran across this soulful sounding artist.  There is no shortage of jazz torch singers to check out, but just heard something authentic and whole in this artist's voice and interpretation of this list of classics.  The voice needs training but the timing, heart and talent are definitely there and the accompaniment was on time, too.
My first review. They impressed me. :) s... load of metal in our house to listen to. So you can trust me.Cavemanslady
While this is a great Christmas album I was a bit disappointed with the several cuts that included instruments.  I am a barbershop purist and purchased this album thinking it would be traditional barbershop -- sung acepella.  But a good album, nevertheless.
The year 1979 marked my introduction to the Vocal Majority chorus. My parents took me and a friend to hear them in concert, and immediately, I was in love. "Danny Boy" showed me that it's not just today that a man's love of his son can be expressed, and 30+ years later, theirs is still my favorite rendition of that song. "How Deep is the Ocean" eventually led me to The Four Freshmen, another group I adored from the start. "Daddy's Little Girl" became a song of which I could never get enough. I even remember their joke about the then-recent Cullen Davis acquittal -- for a crime which most of Dallas still believed he committed -- as the introduction to the "How Could You Believe Me When I Said I Loved You / It's a Sin to Tell a Lie" medley. We bought the "A Song in Our Hearts" 8-track and I listened to it nightly all through most of the next few years, until the inevitable happened and the tape was eaten by my voracious machine.This recording of "Best of the Early Years" contains the only digital versions I've been able to find for my favorites from that era, and though I wish it included more from the "Hearts" album, I'm glad I've been able to find any recording at all of these classics. In addition to "Ocean" and the "Loved/Lie" medley, the "Best of" collection contains "Sweet Gypsy Rose," "If I Ruled the World," "For Once In My Life," "With A Song In My Heart," and "On A Wonderful Day Like Today," all gorgeously rendered. These songs comprise about half the album. The other songs, frankly, I skip when playing the CD and didn't include in my home mix of cuts from the various VM CDs I own.I would love to be able to hear a few VM numbers from this period I've never found/acquired on CD or MP3: "Daddy's Little Girl" (which I believe actually came from a VM-related quartet and not the chorus itself), "Bye Bye Blackbird," and "It's a Blue World." Other songs from the "Hearts" recording do appear on other VM titles, such as "The Secret of Christmas" and "The Lord's Prayer" (the latter of which is included in "How Sweet the Sound"). Nonetheless, "The Best of the Early Years" offers much of what its title promises and I recommend checking out the samples to see if you might like even more of the album than I did. If so, get the CD; if not, get the MP3s for the best songs and enjoy, enjoy, enjoy.
Classic Ron Goodwin soundtrack, probably outshining the movie itself. Not quite as good as Battle Of Britain, better than some others, decent recording quality.
Good songwriting, beatifully produced, with a myriad of vocalists taking center stage. Highlight: the hypnotic "Veil Between Us" sung by Nadine Miller (of Swagg) that swirls around one's head like your 4th martini. Fans of Burt Bacharach/Brian Wilson even Paul McCartney take note.
For the true barbershopper, this album may disappoint. It contains some other great styles of music, all in 4 part harmony. This quartet has 4 outstanding individual singers who know how to harmonize as a group! Great stuff!
I'm only commenting on Track #7, 'Fingerbreaker,' since it's the only one I've heard, so I gave the rest of the record the benefit of the doubt with 4 out of 5 stars. Anyway, 'Fingerbreaker' is supposed to be one of those ragtime tunes that's played up tempo as the fingering is complex, thus the title 'Fingerbreaker.' I don't know who plays the piano on this, but it's horrible! Whomever's playing it is just attempting bravado by playing it as fast as possible. It doesn't matter that he hits the right notes most of the time, because he's not hitting them correctly, and it has no soul.  I'm surprised that a supposedly experienced pianist would be this amateurish in his playing. Speed is nothing without feeling, and there's no feeling whatsoever in this performance which totally fails. Obviously, the audience are also a bunch of amateur listeners and probably inebriated to boot. This is not worthy of having been recorded and the pianist should be ashamed.
Eletronic Jazz is either hit or it's just plain cheesey but I feel they hit it.
...all of these songs are available on another collection titled the Complete Black and White Recordings which costs a dollar less and you get six more songs.
this really is a good big band album. the band was obscure to me, but i took a chance and was glad i did. they play some great charts and handle them really well. "Groove Merchant" and "Mean Machine" i believe are out of Buddy's old book. the solos and section work are tasty, a really pro band. i can live without some of the vocals, but then i always can...this is a nice addition to your big band library, as is their first album. make sure you get the "Masters of the Big Band" albums, not his dixieland stuff...
What an interesting combination of musical genres perfectly blended to produce a sassy jazz nightclub atmosphere. I especially enjoyed &#34;Made for Two&#34; with a unique combination of violin and big band sound, the contrast between the band and violin produces an interesting vibe that just makes you want to tap your foot and smile.If you like horns, piano and smooth vocals in a nightclub vibe, you're going to enjoy this entire album!
I'm happy to have found this album of Nina's, which seems to captureand encapsule another side of her life and artistry.  Many traditionalgospel songs are rendered in an endearing, haunting, and captivating way.I am recommending this CD to many of my friends and colleagues.
Sorry K McHugh but this is not a bad album.  Next time PLEASE listen to the whole album before you trash it based on ONLY one song. This is not a bad album, the recording quality is not great, but it's definitely worth listening to.  Most of the songs sound like out takes/recorded practice sessions, however you can clearly hear Nina singing and playing her piano, so think of it as an unplugged album.  I actually like listening to these kinds of recordings because they are not overly produced and are similar to live performances with mistakes and different arrangements.Yes, in the song Sinnerman she's interrupted but so what?  It's still a great song, in fact it's not just another canned recording. Listen to Richie Havens playing Freedom on day 1 at Woodstock.  You can clearly hear him tuning the guitar for almost 20 seconds at the beginning of the song and at 1:36 he says "guitar mic" twice.  Again WHO CARS?  It's still a great song and performance.If you like Nina Simone I would purchase The Blues, one of her greatest hits compilations or one of her better quality recorded albums before this one.  Nonetheless, this is a nice collection of songs that were probably not released before this album.  Many of the songs are just Nina and the piano which was the reason I bought the whole album.
This is a very good album.  I bought it after seeing Shenandoah Davis perform live.  Her stage presence alone makes seeing her worthwhile.  Her music composition is quite good, but really brought to life by her piano playing abilities.  Remarkably her voice is as expressive as her playing.  Her composition, piano playing, and singing all display technique far above the main.  Then you add in the originality of her songs, and you realize, after a few listens, that she is a highly unusual talent.  My only constructive criticism of the album would be her lyrics -- I've had a difficult time deciphering the lyric meaning of her songs -- I have the impression that her lyrics contribute too little to the songs of this album, and don't match the quality of the other attributes of her music.  That being said, I suspect she will only get better in all aspects of her music over time.
The variety of styles in this album includes individual singers as well as choirs and vocal groups.  This to me is a complete plethora of pleasure and enjoyment.  Plus I am reminded of the hard and good times of our experiences
Very good guitar. Nice listening music. Not the best from pupping, but definitely worth a spin. I would recommend this album.
A good album - but I prefer the instrumentals over the vocals.  It's good for background music while I'm at work or doing something around the house.
With Akiko Tsuruga becoming one of the biggest and brightest young stars on thejazz scene, as well as part of a steadily growing legion of female jazz artists makinga name for themselves in the music world, she released this delightful hit CD in 2008.Even though the CD's title is quite familiar, this follow-up to Sweet And Funky offersanother set of swirling solos, creative solos, fresh melodies, original artistry and highswinging brilliance that is well done with a beefy creative edge mortified by upbeatmusicianship and soul.  St. Louis Blues showcase yet another high-tone, but highlyversatile combination of "new" original compositions like Funky Mama, Tell Me AboutIt, Thrill Is Back and You Can Do That, as well as on direct renditions on standardslike What Now My Love, Cry Me A River, her take with Battle Hymn Of The Republicand I'm Walking.  What would become one of her finest and admired most albums, St.Louis Blues is a special kind of classic that must receive greater recognition as aneclectic and compelling work of genius--one which is done in a class of it's own andto whom Tsuruga handles with well-structured care and with everlasting just results.I would also seriously recommend this one!
Much better than I expected. Jazz with Latin beat. Sounds as good as more familiar albums that I.ve recently bought.
I thought I was getting  younger  frank sinatra. He is older and his voice is not the beautifull instrument it once was. Wish I could return for an earlier album. The songs are classic and I sang my favorite along with Frank
Downloaded the MP3 songs for my wife because she is a big fan. The songs play clearly on the stereo or the computer speakers and she is happy with them. Qualiy lacks a little because the album is from live shows.
This album is a time capsule to early New Orleans jazz, representative of the music heard in New Orleans in the early 20th century.  Bunk Johnson likely even played with Buddy Bolden in his youth, although he was not a member of that iconic band.  After losing his trumpet, as well as his front teeth, in the early 1930's, he disappeared from the music scene.  Later in that decade the writers of the earliest book on jazz history, Jazzmen, learned of him when interviewing Louis Armstrong, Sidney Bechet, and Clarence Williams, among others, who regarded Bunk Johnson highly.  He was tracked down, money was raised for a new trumpet and teeth, and old Bunk was back in business.The great thing about this music is that Bunk Johnson did not move on, did not develop his music.  What you hear here is what he played on the streets and in the taverns of New Orleans from about 1905.  It is a joy to hear now.  The sound quality is good considering that it was recorded in the 1940's.I nominate the album cover as the worst ever...although not the photograph of Bunk which is wonderful.  But the designer knew nothing about Bunk Johnson or jazz.  Incredibly, his name is wrong.  And 'The Roaring Forties' in no way describes the music that is from an earlier time.
If you liked &#34;7 Nights at Central&#34;, you're probably going to like this album, which is very similar in style, and belongs to roughly the same period (a couple of years earlier). I just feel that it somewhat lacks the fiery spirit you can feel on the concert recording. Still, a pleasure to listen to.
These guys are really great, I voraciously consume every track they release. Their earlier work has a very 'classic' fusion feel. Reminiscent of some Weckyl band stuff I've heard before. Definitely worth checking out, the rotating band members make each album even more of an adventure.
I have been looking for a good jazz cd with the vibraphone, marimba playing the memorable tunes.  This is it.
This album starts and ends with the classic Buffalo Bills sound.  Unfortunately there are no credits on the album to see who arranged what (Phil Embury?), but this is one of relatively few available recordings of one of the great barbershop quartets of all time.  The selections may be a bit religious for some, and some of the songs too hokie for others (e.g., the Trail of the Lonesome Pine), but if you are looking for the sound it is there -- sort of.  The recordings seem to be a combination of live and studio recordings and the quality varies.  There is also a fair amount of surface noise that starts on Without a Song and continues through the end of the album (and the odd pop throughout the album -- which makes this sound like a digitization of an old well worn LP). I wish I could get the original album rather than an MP3.  Of course that does not seem possible, so we are lucky to have the MP3s.  One reason I started with volume 4 of this series is that it seems to have the most a cappella singing of the set. All Hail the Name of Jesus features an organ and So High So Low, So Wide a band and a violin plays Will I Ever Tell You during Lida Rose.  The rest are a cappella. Lida Rose is very good live version.  But there are other standouts on the album.  Abide With Me is well chosen as an opening number and I find O Master Let Me Walk With Thee and the Halls of Ivy to be haunting performances -- frankly I am having a hard time getting them out of my head.  Now the Day is Done is maybe a half notch below them, but there are no weak performances period.All in all I cannot complain too hard about the sonic quality, but the low end is noticeably absent when you compare it to say the 1962 version of the Music Man. But it absolutely worth listening to (very carefully so that you can appreciate the arrangements and the artistry).
Henry Mancini was (and is) my favorite composer and musical artist. It is so very sad that we no longer have his genius to compose music. His was a magical touch. Not many artists can capture his sound with any degree of satisfaction but this is an exception. The compositions clearly have the "Mancini Touch" and the band is spot on. I would recommend this for fans of Hank everywhere. I think it should be in every Mancini Collection.
I like the music.  I listen to it when I am trying to relax after work.  It is soothing, but it doesn't put me to sleep!
Band's third record - first released in 1976. I have to say that for a jazz rock CD reissue 'Dr. Aftershave' is actually quite good. Tunes I got the most out of were "Miles All Along The Watchtower", the intricate "Morning Sun", the ten-minute inspiring "Nothing Again" and my favorite off the disc - the almost Jethro Tull-like "Patscha Menga Underground". Saw a couple of familiar names as guest players - Christian Burchard (Embryo) and Roman Bunka (Embryo, Dissidenten).
This was the last by this band which started more as a psychedelic rock / proto prog band and eventually moved more and more into jazz/rock (starting with the McCoy Tyner influenced 'Gorilla' cover album). By 78 they were friends of Embryo (another German jazz rock group with HEAVY ethnic influences and probably the most famous Kraut underground band in the 70s) and there is an influence from that band here (this was, after all, recorded on the Embryo Schneeball label). The results are, to my ears, a much more focused band which by now were composing and playing much better than before. This album is in the jazz rock fusion mold which does not really sound like Mahavishnu, Return to Forever or Weather Report. It is as if they still had a foot on jazz and then rocked the tunes to give them a great energetic feel. Great flute and keys playing. As i mentioned the tunes are very well composed and interesting (try the mp3 samples). Great to see this available... something i thought i would never see!
And that's one of the major reasons Blakey and the Jazz Messengers has never ranked up within my favorite groups. Yes, he does well at what he does, but I can just take so much of it before I have to switch to another artist who is comfortable in a number of different styles
Pancho is right there at you with the raw emotion and his tee-totally excellent band!
As usual with Merzbow albums, "Protean World" is about energy and texture.  This recent release is ferocious, free form, and seriously loud.  Most of those aspects are present in a typical Merzbow release, but what sets apart "Protean World" is its monotony, the complete lack of change or dynamics.  It's one massive, cleansing blast.  It's overwhelmingly dense and thick; it's difficult to tell the layers apart or even the number of layers present.  The layers don't even really seem intended to mesh or sync up, exactly.  This album is actually a lot more layered, chaotic and full of sound than even a lot of the classic Merzbow albums that are known for being relentless and harsh, such as Pulse Demon.  It might be the most relentless album I've ever heard from him.  It completely surrounds you, like a howling wind."Protean World" abandons rhythm more totally than any album I've heard of his, despite being the first Merzbow album I've heard to include live drumming (although I know he's done a lot of experimenting with that on other recent releases as well).  In the past, there was usually at least some kind of rhythmic feedback loop or shakey pulse present in the mix.Most of these comments apply primarily to Side 1, as Side 2 has a little more dynamic range and a few more rhythmic elements, although it still completely retains the overwhelmingly dense, layered feeling of Side 1.  Compositionally, I prefer Side 2, but for a screaming, enveloping catharsis, it's hard to beat Side 1.  Few, if any, musicians do this as well as Masami Akita."Protean World" is definitely not going to convince any detractor of noise that Merzbow is `music'.  In fact, even seasoned Merzbow fans may be hard pressed to find the musicality in these cacophonous 35 minutes.  Basically, whether you'll enjoy this album depends on what you look for in music, and what you look for in a Merzbow album.  There is some serious intensity here.  It can be easily interpreted as angry and violent, but in the end it's just the sound of power, pure energy.  If you're in a bad mood and catharsis is what you want, this will do you just fine.  It has less of that meditative quality that even Merzbow's harshest material has often had, but I still don't feel like the energy of the album is truly negative or dark.I do wonder about the aesthetic pleasing but possibly ominous splintered wood in the album art.  If I had to analyze it, I'd say it looks like a building that's been destroyed by a natural disaster like a tornado or a hurricane.  The idea of the subservience of civilization and man-made things to something so powerful as extreme weather seems a fitting theme for an album such as this.In conclusion, this is an interesting Merzbow album that I enjoy listening to.  It's not essential, and it's not one of his best, but then again it's so specialized towards a certain idea that it's destined to be one of those albums that's meant for certain occasions only.  4 stars.
This is a wonderful cd with most of my favorite Ellington tunes on it by the Duke himself.  I highly recommend it.
This is a nice collection of Duke Ellington music and a value for the price on offer. It is not a perfect collection, but overall this is a solid set.The set concentrates on music from early in Ellington's career. His first hit in the US charts, from 1927 -- East St. Louis Toodle-oo is included, as are three of his five singles from the charts in 1928: Black and Tan Fantasy, Creole Love Call, and The Mooche. His last hit on the charts was in 1954, and of course he continued performing and writing more serious music ("suites") practically right up until his death in 1974. The latest recording included here appears to be I'm Beginning to See the Light, from 1945. (I hope I didn't miss anything, but as far as I can tell that's the case.)There are a few small glitches in the sound. I mainly mean little digital pops and bloops that are artifacts created in the encoding process. I heard them only in a few places -- most prominently on "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" and "Solitude". According to what I have read in another review, these may be caused when a recording interface is pushed too hard, or there is not enough disk space, or the writing of the MP3 is not fast enough for some other reason, causing an overload of information and resulting in defects in the sound. Whatever the cause, I docked a star for this because I think this problem could have been avoided by using the proper equipment.The other sound issue is that these are, of course, old recordings, and they sound like it. But that is inherit in any collection of early Duke Ellington music, so that's fair.One could certainly quibble with the "Best of" title. Ellington had 78 records on the charts in 1927-1954. And many would regard his suites -- sometimes closer to classical music than bandstand jazz -- as his best, or at least most significant work. Still, this is a solid collection and a worthwhile buy. Recommended.
I owned this album in my college years in the mid 70's, after watching Urbaniak's band open up for Return to Forever. They were striking in concert, since the electric violin was still a novelty and singer-wife Ursula Dudziak was so unique. Their first American album Fusion was quite good, and the songs had a deeper impact a la Weather Report. This album by contrast was more star-studded and attention-grabbing with the rapid solos and the RTF style interplay. There were some unique sound tapestries like in Metro Liner and China Town - Urbaniank had fallen in love with New York and the area, and it shows in the titles too.Ultimately Fusion III began to sound a little too busy, and I moved on to jazz and fusion that achieved less rushed, and more fulfilling sounds.
I like the difference of genre and tones in the music and it is enlightening to me and that made me love it even more
I've been a Jeff Berlin fan for over 25 years now, going back to the Bruford albums of the late '70s.  "5G", "Joe Frazier" and "If You Can't Stand the Heat" those are the tunes that, for me, define his greatness.  I hadn't heard anything he'd done in a while and picked this up after finding out that one of my favorites, Vinnie Coliauta, was the drummer.  With a rhythm section like that there had to be $8 worth there.I've played this through a few times so far and I my first thoughts are very positive.  Not much wanking and a whole lotta head-turning bass phrasing.  "Porky and Beans" is running through my head as I write this and it's both a really cool riff and completely opaque to me how he's playing that.  That's what I was expecting from this.  It did not disappoint.The albums up-tempo and full of odd, little moments of joy.  Everyone on the record is enjoying themselves playing these tunes and that's important on an album like this.Ta,
This is a fine solo album from Tim Morrison, a trumpeter you have probably heard on many occasions and not known it.  Tim has played solo trumpet on many John Williams film scores, such as "Born on the Fourth of July" and "Amistad."  His rich, buttery smooth tone is distinctive and memorable.  In this album, he gives us a collection of mostly Standards in fresh arrangments, all very well played.Don't mistake this as simply an album for cornet/trumpet players.  The sidemen he employs in this effort are first rate and raise this album far above the mundane level.  The guitar playing is especially noteworthy, as are the tasteful improvisations of his fine Jazz pianist.I wouldn't consider this a Jazz album, per se, but rather an Easy Listening album employing Jazz idioms.  I took off one star because the soloist drags the solo behind the beat too often for my taste.  This is clearly a matter ofpreference, since this is a common interpretive device; however, I found myself wishing he landed on count one withthe ryhthm section more often.  There is clearly a lot of thought behind the interpretive choices made here.  Check out "Summertime" and you'll see that Morrison and company didn't just grab a Fake Book and play the tunes down.  The arrangements are imaginative and tasteful.One thing to note, in case you are expecting a trumpet album:  Almost all tunes are played on C cornet instead.  No worries; Tim Morrison sounds fabulous on any horn he plays, and the sound of the cornet fits these arrangements perfectly.This is an album to listen to on Sunday morning, enjoying the paper, sipping some orange juice.  It's happy music, andit is very well played.  Enjoy!
The widely eclectic album "Euphony" by Randolph offers a vast variety of both songs and acoustic instrumentation. Most full band albums consist of the usual key instruments (drums, bass, guitar, and vocals) but Randolph has opened the door wide open on his newest collection of jazz/blues/world pop with use of djembe, cajon, congas, bongos, tablas, timpani, drum kit, violin, trombone, sax/flute, alto flue, bassoon, oboe, and numerous ethnic instruments. The result is magnificent and is well displayed on songs like "That Piece of Me" and "Analog Man." The album is also filled with numerous lead vocal appearances, all of which are tastefully done and fit well within the song choice. There is also a great throwback to the singers of the `60's on songs such as "Let's Get Connected." If you are into pop/jazz or anything Elvis Costello has put out in recent years, you will enjoy "Euphony."[...]
Ask most people who love jazz about Mary Lou Williams and watch their eyebrows wrinkle. Mary who?? This woman lived through some very difficult eras and it is well worth reading her biography by Linda Dahl &#34; Morning Glory&#34;. Mary Lou at Ricks Cafe American is an excellent example of hearing her live and I recommend this cd very much. Her cds are there to find so read about her first and then begin with the above cd. Others I would recommend are Zoning - The Zodiac Suite and the very special ' My Mama Pinned A Rose On Me'. Yes a great woman of jazz and Mary Lou should be as famous as Armstrong and Ellington as she often arranged for the Duke.Highly recommended. (ps. My four stars are because it is just below the three cds I have mentioned above.)
This collection of standards is an excellent example of Williams marvelous talent.  A good addition to your collection of great piano talent.
Man !  These guys are veterans of NYC neuvo party funk.  They were the only OPENING band I would actually look forward to hearing.  It brings a tear in my eye to remember all the times I heard the open for Chuck Brown +  The P-Funk Horns at Tramps... and how Tramps recently lost their lease.  - - The sound is fun and funky.  Ironically, its what... BECK (the band,  not guitarist) were trying to sound like on SNL a few weeks ago.  After  you listen to this... check out MOTHERs FINEST... and maybe even a bit of  KID CREOLE &amp; THE COCONAUTS...
If you like the funk then you like Milo Z.  He's whole band really brings it on this album.  Buy it you won't regret it!
this album is very smooth. once the album starts each song has you wanting more. once the last song is reached, it has you wanting to restart the album over again. great
Cleanse your musical soul with a brlliantly played and produced album from Mr.Redtenbacher!! "Falling from Insanity" is a wonderful creation of moods and sounds..His insight,talent and great love of all genres of music, has created this hidden gem, full of deep and diverse tracks - complete with stylish musicianship!Original, organic and outstanding to listen to...(Sugar X, Funk DJ, London/UK)
Three young French musicians and an American do a great job on the old standards and throw in a few new ones. Most singing in French but they are excellent musicians so you will not really notice it. This is the second Cd\D I have by this group.
The latest from Ms. Kristin Korb features more of her excellent upright bass and fantastic vocal performance. This release covers several American songbook standards in Kristin's own unique and original arrangements (check her smoldering take on Ain't Misbehavin') as well as a couple of new songs you haven't heard. KJAZZ in LA has been playing Tears of the Sun with its Cuban syncopation. Give a listen to the samples and you'll know if this groove is for you. Fun stuff.
I liked the music. Compared to the Boardwalk Empire album...it comes up a little short. However, it has a lot of good 20s jazz.
Bought it for a '20 themed murder mystery i wrote and it worked out great. Totally set the mood all night.
"Neotokyo" is a Source-engine game "mod" (modification) that pits two sides against each other in an online shooter. It was released not too long ago. Although the game itself doesn't necessarily run a lot of music, the soundtrack made for it is pretty good. Ed Harrison does a find job of adding a nice aural layer to an intense, tactical first person shooter.Think of the soundtrack to "Ghost in the Shell: Standalone Complex" by Yoko Kanno, contemporary film score and electronica for the mix. The result turns out to be pretty good. I've let this album run many times and plan to listen to it many more. Recommended, especially at a price of $8.99 (as of this writing).
nice game too - it;s a half life 2 mod,that's how i heard part of the songs- but these tunes rock
Musician extraordinaire, Jonny Boston, shines on his newest disc, "Boston Manor." Don't let the common Boston theme throw you, Jonny hails from London not Massachusetts and his writing style very much reflects his native area. "Boston Manor" sounds like a record that any top notch jazz singer would have put out, but with an English accent to boot. Hints of that genre can be found on songs like "Star" and "Hold Your Head Up High." There are also some hints of The Beatles on "Ocean Breeze," with its playful melody and great organ work. Not to be out done by his fantastic band, Boston Tea Party, Jonny is also a magnificent saxophonist and it shows. Pick up "Boston Manor" if you find yourself craving some classic jazz or another great British import.[...]
A tough song to describe, really.  Truly, this is a complex piece of free jazz.  Many performers here......the entire song spans over 50 minutes.  The vocalist does some truly bizarre things!  Not "Easy Listening" I can assure you! Your wife will go, "What the heck is that mess?!" But, if like me, you love bizarre improvised jazz......this is your kinda thing, trust me!!  I love the tension and dissonance in pieces like this.
Highly talented in the arts, singer/songwriter Flora Ware reaches well beyond the roots of jazz with her smooth vocal style on her latest album "Insight." Ware's voice is impressive with pure and polished clarity, yet there is a wonderful silky and sultry taste to it. She projects her voice with clean articulation only to be complemented by the dynamic and well-balanced instruments. Molded for a night club scene with a soft and subtle atmosphere, "You Don't Know What Love Is" is sweet and has sophisticated elegance. Feel the relaxed orchestrated production on "I've Never Been In Love Before" as the horns dance around Ware's graceful vocals and stunning lyrics.  Flora Ware's "Insight" is an album that has the versatility to mix jazz with R&B; and pop with progressive, modern touches. This treasure of exquisite jazz songs will have listeners wanting more of this gifted artist, and is an album well worth listening to.Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team[...]
Enjoyed the album from first note to the last. and then restarted over.very smooth and well done. the name says it all. great
When you hear the word orchestra, one would think there is a full ensemble of musical performers dressed in formal attire playing from eloquently scored pieces. This is not the case as NOE has taken "orchestra" to a new level with their latest disc "Nostra Orchestra Estemporanea." To truly appreciate this CD you must listen with an open mind and soul as it is creatively embedded with Avant Garde/free improvisational selections. Disregarding the rigid genres and forms of traditional music, "Prima Estemporanea Per Grande Orchestra" captures tones from the string section to winds with a sense of harmonious sync. Exploring unexpected sound textures, "Estemporanea Per Voce E Strumenti" displays modernism with new techniques and possibilities of the voice and instruments which has a cohesive appeal. The selections on this disc are experimental and innovating. Because there are no rules on this CD, the end result will capture your interest and attention. Don't be afraid to hear the sounds of "Nostra Orchestra Estemporanea" where instruments push the boundaries of normality to transcend into interesting originality.Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team[...]
Amelia Coffey has the right idea of how animals can inspire warm and inviting melodies with her New Age Jazz instrumental disc, "Uriel's Passage." Coffey has taken her love for animals and has artistically composed and performed these charming songs of peaceful mood music. "Dolphin Play" is stunning with a nice dynamic balance between the electric piano and flute while the melody sweetly flows with ease. Delicate and dreamy, the titled track, "Uriel's Passage" is serene with the flute playing with heartfelt emotions while guitar gracefully accompanies with soft broken chord progressions. Picture yourself standing in a lush, green meadow of Ireland with the wind gently blowing a warm summer breeze through your hair with the sounds of the ocean and birds singing, as you hear a beautiful rendition of "Danny Boy" performed ever so gracefully on the flute. Relax and enjoy the memorable, dreamscape sounds and lovely instrumental melodies on "Uriel's Passage." Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team [...]
My husband and I were fortunate to meet these talented artists in Clinton, NC where they performed in 90 degree+ weather. We really like their jazzy style of music and the lyrics are unique and Kingdom-minded! Can't wait for more tracks from these artists!Noel a.k.a. The Spin-Man and Jewel.
Fat Trick is explosive, rambunctious, infectious, giddy, and directly in your face like a close talker or a far too rich dessert.  Entering stage right in the late 90's from a punk and psychobilly background, Atsushi and Yokoyama have created a jazz sound that is a pastiche of neo swing, gypsy & dixieland jazz, with perhaps just a splash of Spike Jones, and they've wrapped it all up for you neatly in a package they've titled "Little Fats & Swingin' Hot Shot Party."This band has made a name for itself in Japan performing as a duet with multiple accompanying musicians on the streets of Tokyo until 2005, when they finally settled on their current configuration.  They have released several other albums, this being their third, and they have entertained at Fuji Rock Festival, the biggest rock music event in Japan. A fascinating, if surprising achievement for a band that draws more from Fats Waller and Louis Armstrong, than most (if not all) of their rock festival contemporaries.The album takes off in a frenzy with a rendition of Bresler & Wynn's "Five Guys Named Moe," allowing a showcase of the wondrous and visually exciting percussive excitement that this band has at its disposal.  Namely; guitar, banjo, trumpet, washboard, spoon, wood bass, alto sax, clarinet, wash tub bass, ukulele and a violin.  The same speed and swingin' energy carries through directly into the second track "A Sky-Blue Shirt and a Rainbow Tie."  Honestly, half the fun of listening to these recordings is picking out the different sounds you're listening to--and one can only imagine what their Japanese street shows in front of various stations must look and feel like. Atsushi's energy and vocals on the first two tracks are filled with appealing enthusiasm, and one seriously wonders where he finds the time to breathe. This is all definitely true of the equally frenetic seventh track on the album "Cake Walkin' Babies," which likewise bounces and swings with a fury of sound.The medley track "Five Foot Two Eyes of Blue--Lulu's Back in Town," is Dixieland fun, and a real gem for the Charleston enthusiasts.  The washboard and the spoons with the violin accompaniment are especially fun in this imminently danceable selection.  The mood changes to pensive with "If I Could Be With You," a gypsy flavored, bluesy song that has a nice slow drag feel to it, underlining the versatility of mood the band is capable of. You'll find more of this easy going oasis in Little Girl," though at a more moderate tempo. The change of pace to slow or medium in both tracks really allows you to enjoy the instrumentation. "Get Out That Bed" jumps hard like old Fats Waller, features an excellent sax riff, and swings hard, as does :Diga Diga Doo," which calls to mind Spike Jones with all of the fun percussive elements, but don't be mistaken b all of the busy extras, the beat is absolutely pure swing.  The final track on the album hides some genuine extra music at the end--don't miss out!  The main selection of the last track is a sleepy performance of "I Can't Give You Anything but Love," placing a solid emphasis on guitar and violin, closing the event with a softness to contrast the roar that started it off, and blowing a lovely gypsy breeze into the fire of one very hot party.Fat Trick aims to please with infectious fun and thoughtful surprises.
This was the first I heard of Wayne Jones,so I decided to get this CD.  What a great choice, this is some cool bass jazz!
Chris Potter, with Adam Rogers (who seems to get better with every disc) on guitar, Craig Taborn on keys, and Nate Smith on drums, puts out a strong funky "Ultrahang".  The songs are consistantly good, with the exception of "It Ain't Me Babe" and "Interstellar Signals".  The emphasis is a bit more on the rhythm than Potter's saxophone - it seems his playing stands out more in other, more traditionally jazz, discs.  Though strong, a certain amount of sameness to the songs keeps it at 4 stars.  Fans of Potter or modern jazz will like this.
Ultrahang certainly showcases the members of Underground. However, Chris Potter is still the highlight. This group pushes each other on every tune and has become a much more solid unit. It's apparent they can complete each others musical sentences now. The highlight for me is "Facing East". Just check out Potter's solo on the bass clarinet and how he switches to tenor when the feel changes within the song. That solo is amazing. I'm not much of a fan of groove jazz, and at times, it almost seems to venture to that point and that's when something happens to change it up. That's the level of musicianship of these players. If the average player were to tackle this, it would sound redundant and boring. None of this ever gets redundant or boring. I don't think I"ve ever heard a "lick" from Potter during a solo...or anyone on this album for that matter.
This is by far Chris Potter's finest release to date. There are a ton of musicians these days that have technical virtuosity beyond belief and Chris Potter is at the top of that pyramid. What I find is that most sax players who grew up on Coltrane and Brecker forget is how to write a composition that is enjoyable to the listener. As Stan Getz used to say, "play pretty" and Chris certainly does just that. This release reminds me a little of the early Michael Brecker and Mike Sterns Albums with Steps Ahead. Now one of my favorite Albums.Saxplay007
Pandora brought the title track from this album up for me.  One listen was enough for me to take a chance on the whole album.I'm not disappointed so far, but I need to give it a few more listens before I write something more definitive.These guys have a really original sound that I like.  It's a modern organ trio with sax on top.  They really communicate and it's never "jazz by numbers."  The writing is beautiful and the use of the organ/guitar combo really makes the original harmony come alive.  I'd really love to talk to the leader about his compositional process and see these guys rehearse to understand how they do what they do.For those who prefer references to known names, imagine Michael Brecker/Joe Lavano meets John Ambercrombie Trio/Pat Metheny Trio meets Brian Blade Fellowship.I suggest downloading the title track.  If you like it, go for the whole enchilada.
I like the variety of music--will be lots of fun and festivity and great music to enhance the event, a good value for the price.
This is an excellent album.  I liked most of the cuts, a couple were my least favorites.  Overall sound quality is excellent.
This fine royalty-free collection of UFO SOUND FILES was created by customer demand for more. The track "Ufo 00 Bestseller" was downloaded like crazy from a previous release:Alien Ambience, Vol. 1so the artist created MORE UFO sounds for you! ENJOY!
What a surprise to see pieces of the Time Records catalog showing up. Time was a budget priced NYC label that covered all the bases musically with rising and falling stars. I've owned this LP since the 60's and eventually converted it to mp3's, never expecting to see it available here or anywhere.  Like the title says, it's boogie woogie piano complimented with a driving bongo beat.  Solid backing band fills out the sound and makes it fun to listen to.  Hugo Montenegro went on to bigger things. Anythng + bongos was an early 60's thing - some worked, some didn't - this one does.
I'm a musician, and I like to jam with friends. The results are varied, so I understand when someone is reticent about releasing "jam" recordings. But these are good! I'm a big Holdsworth fan, and I would say that this ranks with the best of his work. Honestly, I wish that he "stretched out" like this with his current work. Great Stuff and highly recommended!
I guess I just like the instrumentals more in Part 2.  It's still a great album, however.  I would give it 4.5 if you could do half-ratings.
Great Cd had all the songs I expected!! Good quality recording. Very complete for all of those Swingler Singer fans!
"Remember The Sound: Homage To Michael Brecker" is a fitting tribute to the sax legend. Rob Bonisolo's recreation of Brecker's sound and phrasing is uncanny. You'd swear you were listening to the master. George Robert's alto solos are stunning and the tunes are reminiscent of the styles Brecker often found himself playing. The supporting ensemble plays these excellent arrangements flawlessly. Very enjoyable.
We had organ and chime music every year at home, and as an adult I've missed it.  Finally, I've found a close approximation.
I've enjoyed very early Chappell work, and it's happy to reconnect with his newer stuff. Glad I have it here.
Art Sherrod gives you a relatable sound, and does not flood your senses with incomprehensible riffs and conflicting chordal tones, which is why more people don't listen to Jazz. To the contrary, Sherrod gives you a sound that you can interact with, whether it be two-stepping with your lady on the dancefloor, entertaining friends, enjoying a good meal, reading a good book, or something more intimate. Sherrod's music does all this, but it does not sacrifice musicianship in the process. The track, Smooth Groove, from this album earned the number 1 position in the Smooth Soul top 10 for September.
I bought this CD specifically for a Retro-themed cocktail party. It's great background music that keeps the party going, but without being too distracting from conversation. Think "Austin Powers" but WITHOUT all the silliness. Nice music in a very specific period style.
Betty Hutton is best known as an actress and comedienne but as this album shows she was also a gifted singer too. Her husky voice is perfect for these novelty and jazz numbers, many of which will give you a good laugh. She can do the serious stuff too but really shines on the comedy numbers. Buy this album.
I never thought I'd see this album again anywhere!  Wow!  There are three "must-have" songs on this album.  Too Darn Hot, Mama's Talking Soft, and That's How It Feels.  To the adult the best description of these songs would be genius, fun, different, interesting--importantly they stay fun for a long time.  The kids would describe these songs as weird and creepy in an eye rolling way and an "ewe" way--secretly meaning they love it.  And you will too.  ;)  For the Very First Time is very nice also.
The MICE (Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble): World Tour CD is a unique compilation of recorded sounds, technological influences, and the use of multiple people and computers to create live music performances. The ensemble traveled 30,000 miles by ship to make the electronic album which melds technology, nature, and the cultures of humanity. The eclectic group of sounds encompasses characteristics ranging from futuristic and electronic sounds to recorded parts of nature. Specifically, the song "Kanja" is a gentle and relaxing blend of ocean sounds, bell chimes, layered sporadically among the soft wave sounds. Recorded using hydrophones in the Indian Ocean, the sounds are layered with no distinct rhythm or beat but instead in a cloud-like manner. Some of the earliest people to experiment with technology and nature sounds, the Greeks, believed that even nature has connections to synthetic or processed sounds--this album and Kanja embody that belief. The sounds are reminiscent of the earliest electronic instruments like the Aeolian harp with soothing tones that are closer to natural sounds than the computer generated sounds of today. The composition doesn't really change or evolve too much over time; it seems to be a fairly constant stream of underwater noises with a repetition in the background of some sort of soft frequency. However, what does change is that after a while some whale noises come in and seem to be repetitive as well because it sounds like some of the noises are the same. There are also multiple whales I think, or perhaps the MICE members juxtaposed them to sound like different whales responding to each other but they do sound like more than one animal. Also toward the end a clinking metal noise begins but it's very soft, it sounds maybe like an anchor chain possibly. Overall though, the piece is very steady and calm which I think is probably what the members wanted it to be since beneath the water is so peaceful and steady. The repetition also reminded me of the water because the back and forth motion of the waves is very constant and steady "A'aa" was made from recorded sounds of a volcano in Guatemala as it was erupting, "Sandprints" was performed I the desert using electronic equipment to capture sand sounds, "World Strings" was made using string instruments from cultures around the world and the computer ensemble, and "Sxueak" was composed of toys that made squeaking noises that were repeated quickly throughout the song. The album is a genuine combination of electro-acoustic and computer generated and synthesized sounds. What I find most interesting about each individual song is that aside from their individual uniqueness and merits, collectively they combine to demonstrate the unique natural, human, and electronic sounds from around the world--representing songs as diverse as the origin from which the sound samples came. Overall, in a simplistic sense, the album is a fascinating one to listen to. It is an out of the box form of electronic music and is nothing like the stereotyped club trance beats. It holds an ear pleasing and laid back natural feel with clear electronic influences. I would recommend it to a wide range of musical tastes.
The MICE World Tour brings a very relaxing a peaceful sound to the listener.  The composition "`A'aa," was recorded in Guatemala at the Pacaya volcano.  As one of the few actively erupting volcanoes in the world, Pacaya offered the MICE World Tour a good opportunity to record some of the most unique sounds on the planet.  The name of the composition comes from the Hawaiian word meaning "stony rough lava."  MICE made this composition by making sound recordings of the lava, which reaches temperatures of 2000 degrees Fahrenheit at its core.  The recordings capture the sound of the volcano as the lava is flowing down Pacaya.  As it flows down the volcano it starts cooling as it is moving further away from its core.  The cooling lava creates black crusts which the molten rock pushes against to make the breaking sound that can be heard in the composition.  These sounds are then processed through the use of a computer to bring out the strong tonal quality of the Pacaya lava.The compositions success is reached through the successful use of technology by the MICE world tour.  `A'aa starts off with the very mellow crackling sounds of the volcano alone but slowly other noises find their way into the composition.  A very mild set of slow tones start to find their way into the composition and continue throughout the piece along with the constant but always changing crackling bursts of the volcano.  Without the computer technology these tonal sounds could not be taken out of the lava.  All that is audible to the person standing on the volcano listening to the lava as it moves down Pacaya is the mild crackling.  However, with the aid of technology not only is this crackling lava sound enhanced so the intricacies can be heard, but the emergence of the peaceful tones that are also part of Pacaya's soundtrack can be heard and played with using computer technology.  These tones start off very deep and somber but evolve throughout the piece. The combination of these two sounds which are both constantly present, yet always slightly changing throughout the composition create a very unique and good sound.  The sound they create is very peaceful and relaxing, which is amazing because those are two of the last qualities that would ever be paired with being on an actively erupting volcano.  An active volcano is sometimes referred to as an angry volcano and is thought to be a scary place, but the MICE World Tour brings the beauty out of the natural phenomena and turns it into a very ambient and relaxing composition.A'aa, similarly to many of the other songs on the album has a very natural beauty to it.  The MICE World Tour album uses technology to illustrate the beauty that can be found around the world.  It is supposed to represent the "stunning power and beauty of our planet" and needed little else other than the noise created by an active volcano to achieve that.  While other pieces on the MICE World Tour are similar in this nature, they seem to add in more aspects than `A'aa does to achieve their final goal.  In this way I believe that it is a very original piece of computer music that brings the intended peaceful easy feeling to the listener.
It is common to hear music played on the radio, but not so common to hear radio transmission edited and played as its own music. The MICE: World Tour album has eight different miniature compositions made in this way called World Radio Quilt. With these compositions MICE challenges the definitions of "music" and "instruments" and the historical interpretations of those words. MICE uses clips of radio programs from a particular country to form each composition allowing for a varying, textural representation of each culture it draws from. These songs, though arguably not very sonically pleasing, create a new and different form of composition, derived from preexisting sounds, noises, and technologies.Historically, digital music has focused on creating new instruments and new techniques for composing. The MICE: World Tour album continues in this path as it explores new, creative techniques for creating music, as shown by the World Radio Quilt compositions. The album, however, simultaneously challenges the historic tradition of creating new instruments and instead makes use of instruments already existing in nature and culture. Tracks on the album are created using the sounds of sand, water, and even lava. By creating music in this way MICE makes a strong statement that what restricts music and thought are people's assumptions and preexisting ideas and definitions.Throughout the album, the sounds are digitally modified and combined to create a variety of atmospheres and feelings. Sandprints is very aesthetically pleasing and provides an upbeat feeling to the listener for the majority of the piece. However, the album is not limited to this one feeling. Kanja sets the scene for an underwater lullaby. Its overall sound as a composition is both enjoyable and true to the source of the original sounds, recorded underwater in the Indian Ocean. The album is not limited to these cool, somewhat calm compositions though; it has harsher, more roughly textured compositions as well. `A'aa has a much more grave feeling to it. While still sonically pleasing, it seems to be describing a less enjoyable setting, a fitting presentation of sounds recorded from lava flows. Finally, the World Quilt Radio pieces, as I mentioned before, have a rough texture due to the use of static and a more stressful feeling due to the sudden, extreme changes in sounds. These pieces are interesting though in that they give the listener the feeling of rapidly jumping from place to place within a country. It is as though each country is a body of water and you are having your faced shoved into the water repeatedly, each time catching a glimpse of a different portion of the underwater world.Overall, the MICE: World Tour album is successful in an attempt to stretch the bounds of music and create something entirely new and different, using new techniques for composition. In the album MICE questions what music is and seems to redefine it as a limitless combination of sounds, both natural and manmade, with technology. MICE challenges music with music the way poets have challenged poetry through their poems for hundreds of years, and in doing so MICE tears down the boundaries of traditional "instruments" and theories, replacing them with an infinite plane of sonic possibilities.
The album "MICE world tour" showed me a whole new world of electronic music; rather than my stereotyped robotic and futuristic music, electronic music can be soothing and entertaining and the first song in the album "Sandprints" is one great example. The piece" Sandprints" was performed primarily with electronic music accompanied with whistling. Electronics in this piece was primarily used to perform the background music while whistling was used for the main rhythm of the piece. Through out the whole piece, the main rhythm seemed to have stayed the same and repeating itself while various variations of the background music can be heard.In contrast to the soothing nature of the first piece "Sandprints", the second piece in the album "That which is bodiless" appears to be presenting a sad and gloomy atmosphere. With the composer using a lot of dissonant, inharmonic sound in the composition, tension and uneasiness was created, which was further accentuated by the adaptation of saxophone to as the main rhythm. Dissonant sound was used in much of this piece, as well as the other pieces through out the album; the use of dissonance could find its root in the beginning years of electrical music when Satie and Schoberg were experimenting and breaking away from the mainstream classical music in the early years of the 20th century.An aspect that I think is new and interesting in the "MICE world tour" album as well as the computer, techno music, would be the application and introduction of ecological, environmental ideas into music. For many of the pieces in the album was created using sounds that were collected from nature as if the nature is directly speaking, singing for us. "Sandprints" was composed using sounds collected by microphones buried in the sand, Anemoi burrowed sounds from the wind of the Atlantic, Kanja relayed on the sounds provided by the underwater hydrophones in the Indian Ocean while "'A'aa" inherited the voices of flowing lava and an active volcano. These sounds, sounds that most people would never have heard, were brought together by "MICE" from their 30,000 mile trip around the world, organically synthesized and presented us with their unique sounds.Encompassing in current issues and factors that are of global concerns, such as environment protection and awareness, would not only be good for breaking the stereotyping of techno/ computer music as always futuristic, strange, robotic or outer space, it may also be good in helping the genre gaining more attention. The incorporation of various sounds from nature would most certainly be impossible without the use of computer and electronics as an instrument and I suppose this is a very bold and interesting experimentation while brining fresh looks as well as possible expansion for the technological music.Although in my opinion, the various types of noises and dissonance sounds appeared to be the main rhythm of the album after the first piece "Sandprints", and are somewhat out of the scope of my music appreciation, though it is still impressive and stunning as well as mind boggling in learning that some of the pieces were created using sounds of nature. The "MICE world tour" had brought me a truly extraordinary new experience in the world of music.
When I first started listening to the MICE World Tour album, I couldn't help but be slightly amused. Most of the pieces sound like a collaboration of disharmonious, randomly selected sounds blended together in a completely haphazard form. However, the beauty of this album is not its melodic songs, but rather the unique manner in which the songs were produced. For example, "Sandprints" was composed in the Namibian desert as performers used the sand as an instrument. Such ingenuity in sound choice and software is the true value of this album, and allows us to appreciate our natural world in a whole new way.Probably my favorite piece, which also happens to be the most harmonious, is "Anemoi." The song begins with the sound of wind, followed by a beat that oscillates between crescendos and decrescendos, continuing throughout the piece. The main change occurs with the spoken phrases from the Grecian philosophy of Anaximenes of Mieltus, Democritus, Aristotle, Theophrastus of Eresus and Titus Lucretius, as the song begins with full phrases that slowly transform to become part of the beat. As stated in the MICE World Tour album, "the texts are fractured and reordered into rhythms by the energy of the wind interpreted by homemade interactive computer software." In fact, there are many connections that can be made between ancient Greece and "Anemoi." It is no coincidence that the name of the song is "Anemoi," as it comes from the legend of the Greek wind gods who represented winds that came from the north, south, east and west. It is for deeper reasons such as these connections to ancient Greece that one can truly appreciate the MICE World Tour album.Though it is likely the most discordant piece of the album, "Sxueak" is a piece that has much more value in its production rather than its melodiousness. As stated in the MICE World Tour album, "When the MICE celebrate they `Sxueak,'" and this piece is no different as the computer accelerates the squeaks of the toys from 4 beats per minute to 4000 beats per minute. Due to the cacophony of sound produced by squeaky toys played at 4000 beats per minute, "Sxueak" is probably my least favorite piece on the album. However, the use of the software in creating this song is very innovative, and the use of squeaky toys in a song is very unique.The connections with the history of electronic music in these pieces are numerous. For example, the Aeolian harp is an ancient Greek instrument powered solely by the wind. Aeolus, the ancient Greek god from which the Aeolian harp gets its name, was known as the ruler of the winds and the keeper of the Anemoi. Perhaps this is the reasoning behind the title of the song, as the Greeks were the first to use wind to make music and therefore should still take credit for its present usage. Additionally, "Sxueak" perfectly resembles a musique concrete piece, which is also electronic music without melody, harmony, meter, etc. Maybe a nod to Pierre Henry, one of the innovators of musique concrete, the developers of the MICE World Tour honor the past while imagining the future of music's evolution, and they prove that sound can be manipulated to make melodies in ways more numerous than believed to be possible years ago.
The MICE World Tour CD grabs the listener and releases them into a new digital space, allowing the listener to become more familiar with a unique kind of music.  This album highlights the intricacies of digital music while combining it with some sounds you may have heard before to produce a fusion known as electroacoustic.  It is definitely worth a listen as long as you come with an open mind and prepare to be amazed.The main difference between traditional music and electronic music is the malleable nature of electronic music.  Basically any conceivable sound can be produced through the use of electronic means.  It presents the composer with the unique ability to craft his or her piece into a truly original collection of sounds.  While traditional music was already an effective canvas for great musicians, electronic music widens the spectrum of possibility exponentially.  In doing so, electronic musicians have the opportunity to enhance the scope of traditional music that has existed for thousands of years.World Strings by the MICE Ensemble is an innovative track that is able to accentuate and enhance traditional string instrument sounds through the use of electronic tones.  The use of MICE computers combined with string sounds from around the world facilitates a globalized compilation.  The compilation of sounds from different areas of the world coupled with computer-generated sounds creates a truly new digital space.When a composition includes natural sounds that are digitally modified in some way, it can be considered Electroacoustic.  This type of digital music comes in contrast to purely digital music that does not include any natural sounds.  These sounds are generated through electronic means.  World Strings is an example of Electroacoustic music as it uses computer-generated to emphasize the natural tones.  These computerized sounds stand out over the course of the track due to their unnatural frequencies.  The algorithmic harmonic and melodic progressions produced by the computer at times seem to mimic sounds that may be heard from traditional instruments, such as chimes.  However, the sounds become increasingly more abstract as the track goes on.The track begins somewhat abruptly with a splash of one of these chime-like sounds over top of the more recognizable sound of traditional string instruments.  The listener is able to relate to the initial sound before some of the more abstract computerized sounds are introduced.  There is a seven second span of purely traditional string instruments as the listener is able to enter a comfort zone.  The digital splash of sounds at this point begins to expand the mind of the listener outside of their traditional comfort zone.  The third splash completely submerges the listener into a new world of computerized sounds to complement the familiar sounds of string instruments.  At this point the listener is introduced to unfamiliar tones, which for a moment seem off pitch and occur at a higher frequency than one might normally be accustomed to.  By the second half of the song, the string sounds are less recognizable as traditional tones as they become disjointed amongst the new digital space that has been established.  Eventually, the strings give way to the digital sounds altogether - representing a complete transition over the course of the song into our newly developed space.The notion of a new space is one that is unique to the nature of electronic music. Time and space become irrevocably altered through the manipulation of new electronic sounds across a new space.  It is important that this new formation of electronic sounds are able to completely remove all elements of human fallibility from the picture, which allows for a supreme control over the elements of time and space.  Electronic music is still in an experimental phase, as it only been around for a few decades.  World Strings serves as an excellent piece to conceptualize the notion of time and space.  At the same time, the progressive emphasis on electronically manipulated sounds throughout the piece serves as a metaphor for the historical progression of the field.World Strings is only one of many enjoyable tracks on the MICE World Tour CD.  This CD is definitely worth a listen if you are interested in expanding your horizons and exploring all that digital music has to offer.  I promise, you won't be disappointed!
The Mice World Tour CD takes the listener on an electronic journey through the environmental elements of fire, wind, water, ether, and earth in order to discover music in our everyday lives.  The journey begins in the desert with the piece "Sandprints," which is an upbeat song with melodic whistling, dings, and grains of sand put together through sound editing.  To draw a comparison to current pop music, the sound created using the sand would be done by a chorus of Justin Timberlakes beat boxing.  The next piece, "That Which is Bodiless," takes us to Cape Town, South Africa, through its driving rhythms, featuring the saxophone, drums, and percussion generated through the MICE computers.  The next stop on our journey is with the wind in "Anemoi."  Soaring through the wind, the listener then takes an aquatic dip into the sea adventure of "Kanja," a piece created using microphones in the Indian Ocean.  Through their use of gongs, bells, and water, the Mice create an ambient atmosphere for the perfect spa experience.  Continuing the journey, we learn of the many different sounds created through string instruments in "World Strings."  Finally, the last stop on the journey of environmental elements is "A'aa," a song composed using the fiery lava flows of a volcano.  Through these pieces, the listener is able to understand that music can truly be made out of any and everything.  The rest of the album features songs based on radio sounds from different parts of the world, which showcase the creativity of electronic music.For example, the influences of electronic music come to an aural climax in the song Sxueak.  Sxueak, perhaps the most interesting piece on the album, is an experimental piece which explores the importance of improvisation and music as self-expression.  This particular song on the MICE CD was composed using squeaky toys and computer generated beats.  The tempo of this piece is maintained by a computer generated beat, which accelerates from 4 beats per minute to a whopping 4000 beats per minute, creating enough sound to drive any parent crazy.The performers follow the tempo given by the computer generated beat as the song develops, but they also assert their individual claims on the piece.  Interestingly enough, Sxueak actually has a musical score of two pages, which instructed the performers to "have fun" with the piece and define their interaction with the toy, essentially through improvisation.  The song begins with two squeaky toys responding to each other and ends with one squeaky toy, providing a circular movement for the piece.  Over the course of the song, the squeaks reveal the performers' growing excitement, especially through the increase in the number of squeaks from the toys.  As the piece continues, it sounds as though the squeaks follow each other; in other words, a "squeaky" call and response.  The evolution of the song, overall, is characterized by an increase in the tempo and foundational computer beat, to which the squeaky toys respond by making quicker sounds, and an increase in the interaction between the sound of the toys and computer alteration of those sounds.  Having seen an actual performance of this piece, when comparing the live performance of it with the CD version, it appears that the CD version has much more computer alteration. Towards the end of Sxueak, it sounds as though there is a toy chorus of twenty or more; however, during the live performance, there are only three people, and the reaction of the toys to the increase in tempo is less defined than on the CD.  The evolution of Sxueak serves as an example of computer dominance in modern music creation.The history of computer music has had a great influence on the sounds created on MICE.  First and foremost, the idea of improvisation was a popular concept used by John Cage and his process called "e-ching," where the musical system was designed by the composer, but the playing of music was up to the musical instrument.  Essentially, this was computer improvisation.  This concept of improvising plays a major part in Sxueak, as it is even written into the musical score.  Second, the concept of using random objects to create music is how music began in the first place.  Third, the concept of looping sounds was created in the late 1890s.  Basically, all of the concepts used in Sxueak, as well as the other pieces, were influenced by the history of computer music.Overall, this album served one purpose: to prove that music is all around us.  Through the environmental journey the MICE take the listener on throughout the CD, as well as the songs created using edited radio sounds, we discover how important music is to our lives and how important computers are in producing our music today.  It is because of electronic music that we are able to have modern music, as much of it is directly influenced by musical greats such as Eric Satie, Stockhausen, and John Cage.  So, the next time you hear a T-Pain or Lady Gaga song on the radio, remember the influence of technology that has allowed them to become successful.
The opening piece in the MICE World Tour album, "Sandprints", was the one that I found to be the most impressive and the most interesting. I took notice in the fact that it uses both human performance and natural sand elements. I personally believe this particular song does the best job in blending natural sounds together with the human element of whistling.When I first read the notes on the album, mainly the line, "The performers play the desert as a musical instrument," I was very skeptical as to what this phrase could exactly mean. However, within one minute of listening to the music, you can tell the influence of the motion of the sand over the microphones as the main background sounds of the song. In the fourth and fifth minutes, it appears as if some foreign sounds, almost alien sounds appear into the song. I am very curious and interested in how/if the performers managed to make these noises from the desert sand.The technology used in this piece is very evident. Every sound that you hear is very clearly spliced multiple times and digitally remolded. This has the effect of making the sounds sound artificial, despite their natural creation. The background beat of the sand is clearly not in its natural state, but is made to create a driving tempo for the rest of the song. The fusion of nature and digital technology is really the centerpiece of the entire song. While the song doesn't make me believe that "Sandprints" is the noise that a listener would hear when entering the Namibian desert, it still manages to transport the listener to the desert by mixing and matching different sounds to evoke a feeling of being in the Namibian desert alongside the sand dunes.The process used in creating "Sandprints" was an amalgamation of new and old technologies. The original recordings themselves are a very innovative way of recording music. In "Sandprints" the MICE ensemble used "microphones buried in the dunes" as mentioned in the liner notes. As far as I can tell, this is a new and inventive way of recording music. While I am certain that the MICE ensemble are not the first group to ever place microphones into natural environments, like underwater or under sand, it is not a common process and I think it is original to then digitally convert the sounds into something else entirely. To me, this piece in particular is impressive because I believe that none of the individual processes were invented by Professor Burtner or the ensemble, yet when mixed and put together, MICE has created an entirely new type of sound. This song is taking the sounds of sand in motion, which has been done before. This song is using the technologies of digital splicing as well as other artificial sound effects, which can mostly only be done by computers. However, all of this has also already been done regularly. The innovative nature of "Sandprints" comes in the beauty of re-mastering nature's sounds and turning them into music using digital technology.In conclusion, I believe that MICE will have a great effect in changing the way that music is conceived and created. The music is a fusion of nature and machine, and I believe that "Sandprints" is one of the best examples of that fusion on the MICE CD.
By:  Bryan LewisThe MICE World Tours CD came about as MICE, (Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble), a group of self-proclaimed "digital nomads", traveled around the world and used their journey as a platform to create digital music.  Their album is split into two sections.  The first 7 tracks make up the first section of the album and consist of natural sounds taken from the ensemble's journey and were taken and mixed together with electronic elements and editing to create unique pieces of music.  The last 8 tracks of the album make up the second section and are created from the recordings of radio stations located in some of the many cities they traveled to, including Shanghai, China and Cape Town, South Africa.  In this review I am going to focus on the 1st "section" of the album and I plan to write a review on the second half of the album later this month.In order to create the MICE World Tour CD the ensemble went out and recorded different sounds that they found along their trip and recorded them into a computer.  This idea creates one of the main interests in the CD to any listening ear.  There is obviously some computer distortion but enough of the original sound is left in tact that the listener attempts to figure out what original sound they recorded and possibly where they were when the recorded it.  From squeaks to wind to rain and running water the original sounds fill the first 7 tracks and leave the listener attempting to figure out exactly what was recorded.  Throughout the first tracks that interest in what the original recording was draws the largest intrigue and creates a uniqueness about the album.  One cannot take the ear away for a second in a first listening as they try to pick out how the composer created each specific piece.Once the initial intrigue of the first few listenings wears off a listener can focus in on the more `digital' sounds that make the CD more than just a natural sounds recording.  Each song has its own digital flair that makes it unique in it's ability to mix the different original recordings that went in to each piece.  This is a byproduct of the multiple composers that worked on the tracks and adds uniqueness to each song that keeps a listener interested in what the next song holds.  The composers created this interest by using differing pitches in the background and foreground sounds as well as editing them in with edits of the original naturals sounds to create a true musical piece.  All of the songs, minus, in my opinion, Sxueak, are able to keep a good flow to them creating an easy listening CD, but, at the same time, one the keeps the listeners interest.The uniqueness of the original recordings along with the simple styling differences of each song create a distinctive experience for whoever might listen to this CD from an experienced musician to the average music fan.  I believe it is these distinctions that truly set the CD apart from other albums.  No song has quite the same feel and each song is given a smooth flow to ease the audience in to a state of thoughtfulness that draws them in to where they believe the original recording occurred.  Its ability to grab the audience's attention along with the CD's uniqueness among tracks makes it a great listen for anyone who appreciates digital music.
The MICE (Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble): World Tour CD is an interesting compilation of sample from the natural world pieced together with electronic instruments and software. The project was directed by Matthew Burtner, a Professor of Music at the University of Virginia. As such, I expected the album to contain art-music which was intended for academics. Much to my surprise, I was confronted with a well conceived album full of intelligently crafted songs.The idea behind the album is to forge an interactive relationship between musicians, computers, nature and listeners. MICE accomplished this by recording various ecosystems from across the globe, feeding the audio data into the MICE computers, and then outputting a track in real time for a live audience. It is this live performance which we hear on the album.The opening track "Sandprints" employs recordings from the Namibia Desert to create a catchy tune that produced some hype in the indie-electronic community. The sand recordings are mixed with happy sine tones, cheery whistles, and a fun beat. The peaceful and ambient track "A'aa" uses recordings from a volcanic erupsion and lava flow in Guatemala. The piece "Anemoi" is composed of howling winds recorded in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, as well as hydrophones placed in the Ocean itself.My favorite piece is "The World Radio Quilt," which a collection of 8 movements created from FM radio recordings. Each movement is fabricated from samples created in the same location, thus the piece collectively forms a patchwork quilt. The first time I heard, "The World Radio Quilt." I was instantly reminded of early tape music. The vast majority of the samples heard in the piece are treated with techniques that would have been available to Pierre Schaeffer and Pierre Henry in the 1940's and 1950's. As a result, the song sounds as if it was composed by gluing together numerous strips of magnetic tape.The MICE World Tour is a diverse collection of inspired music. Prof. Burtner and his team do a fantastic job of laying down a theoretic foundation upon which they build several sophisticated and interesting pieces of music. By using state of art digital techniques combined with sophisticated recording hardware, MICE World Tour is an exciting and intelligent listen.
For much of the tracks on the MICE (Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble) World Tour, the artists incorporate and spotlight nature in its many forms which span the globe.  This unconventional use of sounds in these pieces brings to light a side of nature that was both highly unexpected, but at the same time enlightening. Most do not have the luxury of having a first hand experience with the lava flows in Guatemala of the Pacya volcano, as in "'A'aa," or the sand dunes of the Namibia Desert like "Sandprints".  MICE not only captured the sounds provided through the use of microphones and hydrophones, but created unmatched sounds in these environments by whistling over the sand dunes or adding layers of instruments to juxtapose those given by nature.  The sounds collected, and further, the compilations created from these nature tunes highlight different environments and give one a sense that even being there could not provide.The people of the MICE World Tour incorporate technology with nature, not to destroy it, but enhance it.  It seems to be a more modern version with its origins in musique concr&egrave;te.  Musique concr&egrave;te first took shape in the late 1940s under the guidance of Pierre Schaeffer.  He pioneered the use of audio tapes for these purposes to extend music beyond the common perceptions that were held.  The recordings of endless possibilities could then be changed as he pleased, via editing of sections, amplification or altering the speed into one seamless piece.  The members of MICE, given the technology of today, can do this once tedious work in more or less real time through the use of computer processing.Not all of the compositions on the World Tour incorporate the sounds of nature but rather showcase global unity some other form.  "World Strings" uses string instruments spanning from around the world, combining unique sounds and inadvertently the unique cultures from which they derivate, in one piece.  Still, technology is not far from this piece. The MICE computers emanate sharp and calculated tones, yet are not overpowering in their design.  These sounds resemble that of another string instrument in the orchestra, but the quality in sound is distinct enough to stand alone.  The stringed instruments of the world and the computer generated tones effortlessly harmonize together as balance is always struck between all elements involved.The first half of the CD emphasizes nature by traditional or nontraditional means.  Contrastingly, the latter portion of the CD utilizes found sources of radio samples generated from a location specified in the given title, in total forming the "World Radio Quilt".  Each composition is a compilation that blends the effects of bits of FM radio talk, static from changing the station or clips of songs.  Whether it be the sounds from the middle of the Indian Ocean, as in "Kanja" or the squeaking of a collection of toys from "Sxueak" to the different components of the World Radio Quilt, the people of MICE have proven that nature and technology can coincide and work together as one, without losing their own distinctive features.
The Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble (MICE) is an interesting, cutting-edge musical group.  Their music mixes natural and instrumental sounds with a human-run computer ensemble.  To create their World Tour Album, MICE performed a series of concerts all around the globe, showcasing the diversity and versatility of their music.The World Tour Album seems to be inspired by a mixture of Musique Concrete based sample sounds, Elektroniche Muzik technology-generated sounds, and straight, unaltered musical noises such as stringed instrumentation. As a result, most of their music represents a fusion of harmonious natural sounds and the near-limitless possibilities of sound that can be produced by a skilled composer sitting behind a computer, whether that composer is altering sample sounds or creating new sounds altogether.  Many songs in the album also utilize repetition, which is an important aspect of electronic music since Erik Satie's time.In the first song on the album, "Sandprints," is a great way to start off the album. "Sandprints" is a showcase of natural and computer-generated sounds.  In this song, MICE combines sounds recorded from microphones buried in sand dunes with a computer-generated melody of varied-frequency tones.  Other songs on the album also feature sound samples from nature. "Anemoi" was performed using the wind being funneled through a computer system. "Kanja" uses underwater sounds, while "'A'aa" is composed using the sounds of an erupting Guatemalan volcano.  "'A'aa" in particular does a great job of making you feel like you are actually in the ambient space of an erupting volcano.Other songs on the album combine unaltered instrumental sounds with computer-generated noises.  The "samples" are not necessarily Musique Concrete, and when mixed with electronically-produced sounds they give a very different, slightly contrarian sound.  "That Which is Bodiless," showcases a mixture of jazz-like instruments and computer noises.  The piece puts you in a situation where you feel like you are in a room of jazz musicians warming up when it is invaded by foreign computer noises.  The effect is pleasing, yet different.  However, it is in a different piece that MICE achieves the perfect fusion of instrumentals and computer sounds.  I will discuss this song in detail because it is, in my opinion, the best song on the album.In one particular song, "World Strings," MICE displays their appealing mixture of multi-cultural acoustic sounds and technologically-created music. The foundation of "World Strings" is created solely by the use of various stringed instruments.  These instruments come from all different regions of the world.  According to the liner notes, the Thai Khim, the European cello, the African Nyatiti, and Kora, the South American Birumbau, the Vietnamese Dan B'ao, the middle eastern Oud, and the Polynesian Ukelele are all utilized in this piece.  The instruments combine to form a rhythmic base for the piece, yet also wander on tangents of their own that express the music of their respective cultures.  Because these instruments are from very diverse regions of the world, MICE undoubtedly spent a lot of time acquiring the instruments as well as learning the cultural style in which they should be played.  While most of the instrumental melody in this piece is a repeated sequence of notes in different instruments, there are stylistic variations in the performance of that sequence that are based on the area that the instrument came from.The technological sounds in this piece are a series of legato beats that seem to be played in a freestyle form.  The beats almost sound like independent notes from a harmonica, yet they are mixed together in a way that implies technology was used in the process.  The sounds could also possibly be short bursts of tone created using a Theremin, especially the tones at the end, which mix with each other without half-step or whole-step note transitions.  Rather, the transitions between the tones are seamless, suggesting technological involvement.  As the piece progresses, the beeps and tones become more frequent, and they mix more to create tonal sounds above the repeated acoustic instrumental melody.  By the second half of the piece, the beeps resemble a free spirit floating over the culturally rigid melody that the instruments produce.  By the end of the piece, the technologically created "free spirit" sounds have almost taken over the piece."World Strings," along with the other songs on this album, show how MICE have taken traditional technosonic traditions and warped them into something uniquely their own.  The music in this album uses traditional methods of composing and performance, yet the sound is almost completely new.  For a new perspective on electronic music, I highly recommend listening to this album.
The Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble, better known as "MICE," produced a high-quality technosonic album compiled of sounds collected from around the world.  The MICE World Tour Album represents the history and evolution of electronic music by using classic, more simple techniques, such as recording sounds in nature and replaying it to an audience, as well as modern and highly advanced techniques, such as using computer-generated noises and beats and technology-based modifiers.  The album is representative of a variety of cultures, nationalities, locations, and natural habitats.  Many of the sounds found on the album began as live recordings of natural occurrences, such as an erupting volcano, sand blowing in the dessert, and underwater recordings of aquatic life.  The performers then manipulated their collections into electronic pieces, using various classic and modern instruments, concepts, technologies, and methods.Taking high-quality recording devices into extreme climates, the ensemble produced much of their work on the scene of the collection, rather than in a studio.  Using battery-powered equipment, they were able to record in the middle of the dessert and other places far from civilization and electricity.  Their efforts demonstrate the simplicity of electronic music by utilizing simple sounds found in nature, rather than creating all of their beats and sounds from scratch in the studio.  It is reflective of the early electronic musician Karlheinz Stockhausen, of Germnay, who first introduced the concept of using both sounds found in nature and electronically generated sounds in one piece.One of the most interesting and unique songs of the album, titled `A'aa, was composed in Pacaya, Guatemala.  The artist made a live recording of a volcanic eruption and its aftermath, and chopped up parts of the recording to create beats, rhythms, and ambient background noises.  The artist then manipulated and rearranged all of the chopped up parts to produce a beautifully textured song.  A dark, foreboding ambient tone evolves throughout the piece.  This dark tone represents the emotions of a volcanic eruption and places this listener right at the natural source.  A volcanic eruption is a dark, scary occurrence, and this composition does an excellent job at replicating the feelings associated with it.This artist used looping, or repeated samples, to create ambient sound art and non-expressive music.  The flowing lava sounds are a tranquil, soothing piece of music that could serve as background noise in a room.  The famous French composer, Erik Satie, first used looping in the late 1800s and introduced the idea of "furniture music", or music designed to be played in a room but not really listened to nor act the centerpiece of a room.  The sounds of the lava flowing can be compared to wallpaper in a room; its presence is known, but it does not absorb one's entire concentration.  The lava flowing could be listened to while reading a book or relaxing in a hammock and it would not cause distraction.However, when listening to the complete version of all sounds the artist collected and recorded as it is portrayed on the album, a scene is created in the listener's mind.  The subtle tone of drums in the background creates a picture of the aftermath of a volcanic eruption with lava flowing from all directions, and episodes of aftershock altering the lava's path.  The lava flowing is a tranquil component to the song while an intense drumbeat in the background, taken from the initial eruption, makes this piece come alive.The rest of the album is very representative of the same process taken by this particular artist: combining sounds of nature and electronic sounds, and manipulating them to create a unique piece.  However, several songs on the album are composed of more computer and electronically generated beats and sounds.  The album as a whole, however, is very representative of the ensemble's journey around the world to collect unique sounds of nature, technology, and electronic sounds.
I listened specifically to "Kanja" in the MICE World Tour Album. The piece is a music composition compiled in the Indian Ocean environment. Percussion performance is held under the ocean water and the hydrophones captured the sound of the percussion in the water. There are many different kinds of instruments used for this piece, but every instrument has a gradual entrance in the music. After the beginning section of the piece, where only few instruments are played, many other instruments start to join in the flow of the music. After you listen to the piece for a few minutes, you hear all kinds of instruments play their sound to create a big concert. This results in a cloud in the music.A cloud in music is a mass of sound that is ambiguous in rhythm and pitch. The cloud is often formed by dense modification of sound through various sound editing techniques. A sample of sound can be modified in frequency or amplitude and it can be processed even more, so that the final outcome can be completely different from the sound sample you started with. If you are interested in a cloud example, you can hear the works of Edgard Varese or a piece like Concert PH by Iannis Xenakis."Kanja" lets you hear instruments all mingled in the Indian Ocean so that you cannot hear distinct melody or rhythm in the piece. The flow of the piece is very gradual and I think the concept of cloud is effectively used in this piece to represent the water in the ocean because ocean is not a discrete substance, but a very gradual environment.Technosonic is a disassociation from natural world by building your own sound. Technosonic differs from other kind of music in that sound is modified and edited so that it doesn't sound like anything else. Although the goal of technosonic is to get away from the natural world and natural sound, the piece "Kanja" returns to nature and depends on nature to make sound sample. I think this is very ironic that technosonic tends to get out of the natural world starting from the outer world. Although ironic, this characteristic in the technosonic music is one of the evidence of how powerful the combination of music and electronics can be.Greeks are one of the first people to think that nature and sounds are related to each other. In "Kanja" you can hear how instruments resonate with the ocean. Each percussion instrument produces their own sounds, and the sounds from those instruments interact with nature, which is the ocean in this specific piece. Back in the 1400s, algorithmic composition appeared where music was created by some rule rather than being composed freely. Many years after that, electronic instruments and equipments are used in studio so that people can analyze sounds. After all these development and progress, technosonic composers go around the world to re-create one of the earliest forms of music that was once introduced by the Greeks-music that has no well-defined rules of rhythm and sequence of beats. In that sense, I think how the composer used the hydrophones and the instruments under the ocean incorporates much spectrum of the musical history and comes to the basic idea from the early Greeks.
Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble took on an epic challenge creating the MICE World Tour CD. The collection of pieces breaks down the barriers of the walls of the Technosonic music. It infuses computer music, synthesized music, and real-life sounds to create the final masterpiece.It is noted that MICE went over 30,000 miles around the world on a ship to perform and create these pieces.  The CD gets its complete originality from the fact that the songs were created in random locations such as Nambia, the Atlantic Ocean and South Africa ([...]).MICE pays a lot of respect to the historical construction of technological music. For example, in "Anemoi" MICE takes the listener on a travel through time back to Ancient Greece by using sounds that are symbolic to a Aeolin Harp. This instrument is well known for its wind sound that is relaxing to listen to. "Anemoi" further employs ancient texts in the song to create a wonderful piece. The piece really speaks to the Ancient Greeks who formed the foundation for music historically.In the piece entitled "Sxueak," MICE uses squeaky toys to create the basis of the piece. It is reminiscent of Musique Concrete. Musique Concrete, which started way back in the early 20th century, embodied the use of physical sounds for recording. The use of the squeaky toys being synthesized and lopped with delay effects is definitely reminiscent of the foundations of Technosonic music."World Strings" is another invigorating piece that has the listener ready to whip out their guitars, banjos, or whatever string instrument that they have and join in on the fun. "World Strings" and many of the other pieces speak to a very positive aspect of the MICE album, which is the clear versatility of the album. Though this CD is full of synthesized and modified sounds that are foreign to the naked ear, but the album definitely has a sound that crosses all cultures and musical tastes. As noted earlier, "World Strings" at times has a progression that, in my opinion, sounds much like country banjos of the South of USA, but then transitions to a more synthesized, techno sound. However, "World Strings" and the other pieces create moods that many people can connect to in many different ways."The World Radio Quily" section of the album has to be one of the most interesting and creative aspects of the CD. At the end of the album there are 8 short segments that are vignettes from various different countries that they visited on their tour. It gives the listeners from all over the world a chance to get a taste of how they experienced these locations and by synthesizing and mixing these vignettes into an interesting and catchy construction; it makes the CD more of an iconic piece of work. MICE is paying a lot of respect to the countries that they visited by giving a few of them `shout outs' on their album.The MICE World CD definitely did an excellent job of making a unique and interesting piece of work. It is very clear that there was a massive amount of work done on the construction of each piece and fellow Technosonic artists can do nothing but give praise to MICE for their achievement with this piece of work.
The biggest mistake people make, as far as electronic music is concerned, is believing that technology was invented in the 20th century. Technology refers to the usage and knowledge of tools and crafts, and it has been around since the beginning of time. Music and technology have always been related. MICE (Mobile Interactive Computer Ensemble) was created by Matthew Burtner to explore a genre of multi-performer interactive music systems. The group uses electronics and technology to record naturally occurring sounds and then manipulate them. MICE also utilizes technology to amplify traditional musical instruments. Manipulating naturally occurring sounds and amplifying traditional musical instruments are the foundations of electro-acoustic music.In Greek mythology, the Anemoi were wind gods who were each designated a cardinal direction from which their winds came. In the MICE piece "Anemoi," wind was used to blow fragments of texts through the interactive computer systems. Wind travelling in different directions at varying speeds has different pressures. A conventional "air" microphone was used to react to the pressure waves in the air and consequently capture the real time sound of wind. The performers manipulated the recorded sounds and made them a part of a musical composition by shaping the wind into melodies. Envelope shaping was used in order to give the sounds slowly rising attacks rather than abrupt, instantaneous ones. Envelope shaping is a result of amplitude modulation, and it determines how a sound begins, continues, and ends. The energy of the wind, interpreted by homemade interactive computer software, was used to fracture and record anemological and animist philosophy texts into rhythms. The texts included those by Anaximenes of Miletus, Democritus, Aristotle, Theophrastus of Eresus, and Titus Lucretius. A phase vocoder might have been used to resynthesize the speech. The speech passes through a multiband filter, each band is passed through an envelope follower, and the (amplitude) control signals from the envelope followers are communicated to the decoder. The decoder applies these control signals to corresponding filters in the synthesizer. "Anemoi" does not completely disregard traditional music. Throughout the musical piece, acoustic instruments like the cello and the soprano sax respond to the tonalities of the wind.The combination of the slowly rising sound of wind and the panning synthesized bass at the beginning of the song creates a fluid, soothing environment that allows the listener to live through another form of consciousness. This ambient feature of the piece allows the listener to float around as if on a cloud. The introduction of the cello in the middle of the song marks the beginning of the increased processing of speech and provides a suitable context for the introduction of the soprano sax. I think that the progression of the song from a quasi-traditional form to an increasingly electronic one symbolizes the movement toward what Luigi Russolo called the "Art of Noise." The human voices and the sound of wind fall under the six categories of noises for the futurist orchestra.MICE's music is deeply rooted in the history of computer music in that it includes the application of new technologies in composition, such as sound synthesis, digital signal processing, and acoustics. The music finds precedent in the works of Stockhausen (Germany, 1960s), The Hub (California, 1980s), and Sensorband (Netherlands, 1990s). Karlheinz Stockhausen was the first person to mix Electronische Musik and Musique Concrete. Electronische Musik is created by purely electronic means. In Musique Concrete, naturally occurring sounds are sampled and manipulated. MICE shows a mix of the two, recording natural sounds and using equipment including wave generators, noise generators, filters, ring modulators, and oscillators. The advent of personal computing has allowed these digital nomads to travel around the world recording unique sounds, removing them from their native environment, and recontextualizing them as a form of musical expression, which I believe is new to computer music.
I like it. Some stuff is a little goofy and out of place. Most of it is entertaining, funky as all get out, great musicianship, tight, in the pocket, and very enjoyable. Highly recommended.
Well, Petula Clark is a great singer singing plenty of classic songs.  You can remember her Downtown, Kiss me Goodbye, etc.  No, this album does not match those songs, but I think this is what she sang before he became one of the top artist of the sixties.
We've all been there; We buy a magazine subscription to a magazine we'll probably never even read, bought tickets to an event we'll never have time to attend,  bought a Tee shirt that we'll give to good will all under the banner of it's for a good cause.Let me tell you that there is something that supports a good cause and continues to deliver after the money is spent. It's called Collaborations II: Jazz and it supports the YMCA Center for the Creative Arts. It will please even the fussiest music aficionado on your list. How could it not? Playing on it are kids that do know how to play and musical guests or song cameos by singer Brenda Russell, sax player Bob Mintzer of Yellow jackets fame, (brother to Wynton, Branford and Ellis) Jason Marsalis, vocalist sensation Jennifer Warnes, Trumpeter Sean Jones and more.This cd is good and good for so many reasons. First and foremost it recognizes a new direction for the YMCA and its efforts to reach out to community kids. It also recognizes talented artists who have devoted their time to these talented kids. But the reward is not the effort but the listen. The cd demonstrates that the collected effort was beneficial and the end was so worth the means.If Collaboration I brought us in the building then II takes us to the top floor. The sound is fuller, it's well mixed, the performances are richer and the talent delivers. Jazzmatazz is a song I've never liked so I was going to start with song 2 on the cd but felt to maintain the flow I'd go from beginning to end. I did the right thing, Scott Rutledge's vocals and the kids playing capture an R&B; mood that I will expect from anyone that covers it from this point forward.The second cut is It's a Jazz day contributed by Brenda Russell; no the Y kids aren't on it but it's a great song with great lyrics. Ironically I had one of Brenda Russell's greatest hits arrive at my house the same day I received this and felt this song was on the same par as hits like Piano in the Dark.Now's The Time is a Charlie Parker cover and no one compares to the Bird but Javon Jackson lights the candle in tribute well and the Y kids offer solid support. This flows well into Each Day a Bob Mintzer composition with Bob playing. Bob leads and the kids follow at his heals, 'nuff said.We roll into a cover of Gershwin's Got Rhythm featuring Sean Jones. These 3 songs create a big band triad that would hold its own against any major label release.Things slow down with a sultry Jamie which Javon Jackson carries oh so well. My disappointment on this one is not knowing who the kids are. Who is the pianist? The drummer? Should I watch for their names in the future? Finn-Tee-Blues is a Jazz trio featuring Leroy Jones that maintains the now slowing pace.What I wanted to hear first when I loaded the CD was Sweet and Low. I am a huge Jennifer Warnes fan and her album "the Hunter" falls in my top 10 list of all time favorite cds. So in all fairness I may have set my expectations too high. I love Doreen Ketchen's clarinet in this, but I know Jennifer Warnes range and ability and although I like the song I don't love it.Lil Darlin evokes memories of smokey ballrooms, chiffon and slow spinning mirror balls; purely nostalgic. I like vibes; Jason Marsalis picks up the pace with Cute, Jason seems a hair under mixed but the song moves. (Hmm I'm even reviewing this like a major label release). When you're Smilin' sends you back to the days of Louis Armstrong with Glen David Andrews filling the masters' shoes with a more than competent Jazz combo.The cd ends with Joanne Shenandoah covering At Last with a tasteful supporting YCCA jazz combo. As the cd ends my guess is you'll go right back to Jazzmatazz and start all over again. This cd isn't a YMCA contribution; it's a gift that keeps on giving. Cudos to the YMCA staff, Hank Leo, the artists, all the kids involved and anyone remotely involved with the Y. If this is where the future of the Y is heading get on the band wagon!
The first thing you'll notice about the music on this album is that it's trying to be Ennio Morricone. Now, that's not a bad thing--Morricone's music is some seriously awesome stuff. Federale does a very good job of capturing the feel of it. The more downbeat tracks, like Lady Waltz and Lamenting Whore, sometimes feel rather languid and are not as close to Morricone's greatness as some others, like Hero (with the classic Morriconesque whistling) and the electrifying War Cry. On the whole it is very enjoyable.
This music is about what I expected and wanted, it's historical jazz.But Amazon has gotten the song titles screwed up.  NONE of the song titles are correct, most are merely mislabeled, but some of the music is from other artists altogether, a French chanteuse and some acapella gospel from the 30s.I've notified Amazon of this problem, let see if they fix it.  Posted 4.19.13
I have always enjoyed Joe &#34;Fingers&#34; Carr ever since I heard his ragtime piano playing.  Better know under his real name (Louis Bush) as the producer of Allan Sherman's comedy records, Carr was an accomplished honky-tonk pianist, who managed to engage in some fusion of classical numbers with a ragtime piano style (such as a ragtime piano version of The Saber Dance).  Most of his albums are a treat to hear.  There are one or two that I do not find to be things that I really enjoy; but this is not one of them.
I enjoyed this recording because I enjoy the treble voice  Jacob doesn't always sound too experienced but he has a nice voice.
[Excerpted from VocalStandards.com Review]Daughter of an Icelandic guitar player, composer, arranger and classically trained as musician herself, Anna has been "fronting" for Julio Iglesias' tour and jazz singing her way around the world (mostly Europe) since the late 90's.Mj&ouml;ll has rendered a relatively small amount of recorded material (more please Anna!)... but that said, what Anna HAS published is damned impressive.A "mini" review......is about all that's possible right now. Ms. Mj&ouml;ll released an LP in 2009 -- Shadow Of Your Smile-- that includes seven core standards numbers and four Icelandic vocal jazz numbers. The T&oacute;nalj&oacute;n Records release is very well produced and has Anna backed by a superb array of top notch jazz musicians.AM's style is quite distinctive. A slightly smoke tinged sultry jazz base with a forward breathiness element ... at times Anna evokes Blossom Dearie, at other times Madeleine Peyroux, even Astrud Gilberto a bit ... but in the end AM stands on her own with her distinctive smokey, jazz club tenor.Sometimes I have trouble......listening to a lot of material from "breathy" singers -- getting worn out by the constant exhalation. Anna definitely has a breathy intonation style ... with only seven songs to listen to, it's hard to assess the wear-and-tear aspect, but my initial listening experience just seems to illicit a desire to hear more rather than any sense of weariness.Somewhat notorious for skipping my Icelandic language lessons ;-) I have limited appreciation for the last four tracks on the list (after listening to them for ambient appreciation I realized that three of the four are Icelandic versions of other tracks on the LP) but I do have some favorites off AM's debut LP.I really like the bossa nova numbers "How Insensitive" and "Agua De Beber" -- perfect song selections for Anna's vocal style -- as well the haunting and beautiful jazz trio rendition of Burt Bacharach and Hal David's "The Look of Love" ... the best number on the record in my opinion. Which is saying something because the title track ("Shadow of Your Smile") is sweet and sultry goodness as well.Rounding out the mix are standup versions of "Fever", "C'est Si Bon" and a fun jazztastic version of "I Get a Kick Out of You".Anna did release a jazz holiday album  in 2010 (Christmas Jazzmaz) with ten English language jazzy holiday numbers. I skim-listened to it a bit, but with the temp hovering around 100 here in Austin, I just can't bring myself to dig into it in the middle of summer. Jazzmaz is definitely queued up for this holiday season though.Until the weather turns cool, we'll have to make do with Ms. Mj&ouml;ll's very fine The Shadow of Your Smile LP. Good stuff but we need more, please Anna.Shadow of Your Smile - Anna Mj&ouml;ll(VS_Guy ratings: "+++" pluses are good; "~" for meh to middling;  "- - -" minuses are not good)1. I Get A Kick Out of You 3:22 + Nice and jazzy .2. How Insensitive 3:41 +++ Perfect song for AM's vocal style3. Agua De Beber 3:49 +++ More Jobim-styled goodness4. The Shadow of Your Smile 3:19 +++ Beautiful guitar ... beautiful vocals5. Fever 3:07 +6. The Look of Love 4:41 +++ Mj&ouml;ll's vocal style also lends itself to Mr. Bacharach7. C'est Si Bon 3:03 ++ Straight play but very well done8. Saman &uacute; og &Eacute;g 4:019. Vatn a Drekka 3:49 ("Agua De Beber" Icelandic style!)10. Minningin um ig 3:19 ("The Shadow of Your Smile")11. Tilfinningalaus 3:39 ("How Insensitive")
My first interest in this CD was about Jimmy Rowles' fine composition "The Peacocks", also named "A Timeless Place" when the later-written lyrics are added.  (This tune is one of the Unsung Heroes on Tierney Sutton's 2000 album of that name)But to the point, Whitney James gives us real content in this collection of great songs.  Her voice is so pleasing and natural the listener is likely not to notice it's large and fluent range until suddenly there's a effortless note about a mile away from one in the previous tune!  In her Debut album, Whitney demonstrates mature jazz literacy well beyond her years.  She shows wonderful understanding of her mission.Other fine sounds on this album are from Ingrid Jensen's flugelhorn and Joshua Wolff's piano, both nicely meshed in the project at a high level.Sit down and listen to this from beginning to end - you'll be glad you did.
Many of us who are fortunate enough to live in the Brazos Valley of Texas have heard this nightingale sing. And sing she does. With the rise of the great american songbook Kelsey Taylor presents her own interpretation of the standards that make this album a real hit. If you like Diana Krall then give this album a whirl. I think you will thank yourself each time you hear the tracks.
I recently bought the album at Amazon and have been enjoying it.  Sorry that it only has 6 cuts.  I particularly liked the interplay with the guitar and other instruments on Funky Phive.  The Hancock inspired "Another Voyage" was another favorite.Looking forward to seeing this group live and other recorded offerings.
I have been listening to jazz for 40 years (thats a long time) and really enjoy this cd.Great to chill out to after a long day.Looking forward to the next one.
I already had Moods for a Stormy Weekend and thought this would be great also.  It had some background in it that I thought was distracting.  I bought it for restful - calming, but found it was more energetic.  All in all it is good.
Track listing:1. Punjabi Wedding Song (Balle Balle)2. Tunak Tunak Tun3. Chaal Baby4. Mehndi Laga Ke Rakhna5. Drum `n' Brass6. Arcana7. Hey Jamalo8. Dum Maro Dum9. Baraat To Nowhere10. Aaj Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai11. Samaro MantraPersonnel:Sunny Jain - dhol / drumset / percussionRohin Khemani - tavil / doumbekTomas Fujiwara - drumsetArun Luthra - soprano saxMike Bomwell - tenor saxSonny Singh - trumpetMike Williams - bass trumpetDave Smith - tromboneJohn Altieri - sousaphone
Once upon a time, there was the 1950s, and it was filled with people and I was one of them. One of the small ones, at the time, and I used to watch Captain Kangaroo a lot, and one of the things the Captain often did was play a children's record, like this one, and there would be a sort of illustrated pantomime on the screen, where cutout characters would act out the story in a crude sort of puppet play. Either that, or Captain Kangaroo and Mr. Green Jeans and Dancing Bear would put on funny hats and march around the Treasure House as the song played.Anyway, long story short, I never forgot the swingin' big-band version of "Jack and the Beanstalk" they used to feature. At least, I remembered it as a brassy big-band arrangement, with a male chorus singing out Jack's tale in lusty unison. I spent a lot of time thereafter trying to track down this record (of course, Captain never credited any of the records he used, and I wouldn't have noticed if he had), and had no luck at all. Sad, sad me!But the tale has a happy ending, because lo and behold, it appeared on Spotify and I just listened to it for the first time in, let's say fifty years. Yay Spotify!The song is pretty much how I remembered it, minus most of the brassiness, but including the line "He'll grind your bones to make his bread/ Pumpernickel bread for tea", which led me to assume for years and years that pumpernickel bread had bone meal in it. This inaccuracy caused me to avoid the stuff, and so my rating deducts a star for doling out false food information to an impressionable minor. Unconscionable.
The modern chiptune scene was essentially founded on the Nintendo GameBoy. Since many young new artists have tried their hands at using Nintendo's handheld to create music, there have been a lot of good attempts and a lot of bad ones. The GameBoy music of today has even ventured into stereotypical territory with each new track and album put out, as the device is now the most common way of producing chip music. When it all comes down to it, some people do it right, and some don't.Baifan is doing it right.What you'll hear within the six tracks on his "Natural High" EP is actually some of the best GameBoy music ever written. Without being overtly obnoxious or anti-structural, Baifan proves that he really knows how to make some excellent lo-fi tunes. From the opening sweet melodies of "Back To the Future" to the clever dance beats of "The Fear Inside My Heart", "Natural High" is an extremely well-executed and commendable example of how to compose chip music.Nearly everything about Baifan's music is highly important to him, and the effect of this shines through almost flawlessly for the majority of the experience. The tunes are well-structured, brilliantly composed, and worth a purchase for anyone who considers himself a chiptune fan. Every track, excepting the finale, chirps and beeps along with memorable melodies and intelligent use of the noise channel, especially true in the excellent "70's Literary Youth", which includes the main appeal of a lovely, ethereal recurring theme. Each tune is unique and can stand on its own--Baifan has really put together a nice collection of music for chiptune lovers everywhere."Hello Everybody" is a uniquely pleasant highlight, with its cooing female vocal samples and brainy balance of quiet and loud moments. The cleverly-titled "Love Is Not So Sample" takes a rather different approach by introducing a more serious theme that serves its purpose quite well.There are a few downsides, though; the most notable being the closing track itself, which is relatively sub-par for the artist and decidedly the worst on the record. Every other tune, however, mostly showcases Baifan's unique ability to make the GameBoy something far more special that what the rest of the chiptune community has shown it to be.If you're a fan of chip music at all, you owe it to yourself to pick up "Natural High" and tune in to the very solid experience that Baifan, a relatively unknown but clearly talented chip musician, has so brilliantly provided. Turn up the volume and enjoy the experience: you may indeed find yourself "Roaming in a world of Natural High".
David Allyn was a one of a kind singer.  I ventured to the Red Blazer Too on many a Thursday night back in the early 1990's to see him perform with the very best musicians.  Jazz Masters like Jerry Dodgion, Joe Cocuzzo, Steve Marcus and Ralph Lalama were just a few of the notables.  Although the audience was often sparse, the fans that happened to be in attendance included George Shearing, Gerry Mulligan, Steve Allen, Barry Harris, John Hendricks and the always reliable attendee, Annie Ross.  I was fortunate enough to meet Annie, along with Johnny Mandel, Arthur Hamilton {&#34;Cry me a River&#34;} and the noted critic Rex Reed on one of those occasions.  This album was produced by the late Tony Curtis who autographed this album for me when Tony was still with us.  The recording here is far from impeccable in terms of its sound quality; it was recorded directly from a 33&#34; LP.  However, it is not sterile like so many digital recordings today.  Instead, it is hospitably warm as David tends to each ballad delicately with his affectionate baritone, caressing every note like a wine connoisseur discerning each distinct flavor on his palette and each aroma in a glass of pinot noir with eye-catching meticulousness.  This album is earthy and fresh!! From the very first note to the last crackle of the far from mint vinyl, it is pure Allyn!!
Kombu is dried kelp. It is used in making Dashi, Japanese fish stock, the base for miso soup. I grew up in a jazz club and it has always been my favorite genre.  Kombu caught my eye because of it's reference, but I am delighted by the music as well.  You might say it is a symbiotic relationship.
Ike Moriz - Angel Eyes (Mosquito Records London)The final album in the "Stardust" trilogy; a trio of albums released by Ike Moriz in 2009 that highlighted his love of the American songwriters of the middle decades of the 20th Century. Based in Capetown, SA, where I imagine he's a regular attraction at the more sophisticated end of the nightclub scene, Moriz approaches all his recordings with utter professionalism, whether it's big band balladeering, upbeat indie-pop and glam, or the easy swinging jazz of "Angel Eyes".As with "Body And Soul" and "Stardust", the two companion records to "Angel Eyes", Willie van Zyl leads the band, British pianist A. McPike provides the majority of the instrumental flare, and Moriz produces. They're a formidable team, and as with previous recordings it's easy to be impressed by both Moriz's performance and the lean, piano-based arrangements. As always there's plenty of material to rave about, and individual songs that sound perfectly suited to the classic BBC Radio 2 format. Three tracks in, their take on Cy Coleman and Carolyn Leigh's "Witchcraft" is outstanding, with Moriz in fine vocal form and McPike expertly dancing around the keys. "Come Rain Or Come Shine" is lazy and languid, with the piano taking on an almost `swampy' mood. "Try A Little Tenderness" became a soul standard in the `60s and `70s, but it was originally recorded by the Ray Noble Orchestra back in 1932. Here Moriz joins the dots with a nod to both camps, and it's undoubtedly one of the highlights here.
An eclectic and personal batch of home recordings by a sometimes foolishly indulgent recording artist/archivist.  Here are track descriptions by the artist himself:"Meditation in Motion - aka "Yoga Dea" for my wife Manuela. This is a great accompaniment to self reflection and contemplation.Pretty Baby - I'm an old dog, but I still like to rock out a bit. This is a just a raucous saloon salute to my wife one day when she was looking good :)Let It Flow - a mellow, hippie dippie, 60's lounge groove featuring some sexy sax work by Matt Lott and some nice jazzy, dark, murky tones from my Les Paul and the electric vibraphone.Little Red Fox - another sexy lounge blues dedicated to my gorgeous "little Red Fox"Les Paul Blues - a good friend of mine, guitarist John Pfeiffer saw my Les Paul lying around in dust one day and chastised me to get the damn thing set up. He kindly brought it to legendary luthier Paul Unkert's shop and got it fixed for me. I've primarily been playing a strat for the past decade and the Les Paul felt like a foreign object to me once I got it back. Little by little I got back into it and coaxed some sweet tones out of it. One day I was down in the basement busting up some blues and recorded it. The next day Les Paul died so I figured that this might serve reasonably well as a modest tribute to him..Mattison Nocturne - Here in Asbury Park there is a small cluster of businesses comprising an outpost of urban renewal that hasn't quite gotten there yet. It creates a unique mixture of vibrant hope and change amidst certain danger and darkness on the edge of town..Light of Day - On 10/29/09 there was a bad ass reggae band at the Saint. Despite my obvious and utter lack of ability to have or hint at any scrap of real reggae musical ability, this tune jumped out of my soul the next day.. Despite its ghoulish shortcomings there is something about this tune I enjoy.. Maybe Matt's sax chords?Get Gnarly! - improvised surf jam featuring Joe Savio (AGENCY) on drums and Jay Walker (TOP BASS 2008 Asbury Park Music Awards). Title credit to "Wills" Weller.Need To Know (featuring Brianna Brice) - is a very old tune I wrote about 20 years ago while contemplating the bigger meaning of life, its pretty trippy to hear my teen age daughter singing it now..June 25, 2009 - R.I.P. Michael Jackson, this is an old melody I used to play as a kid when I was first starting out and feeling sad, scared and lonely. For some reason, it seemed fitting to record it on this day over a quarter of a century later..Damage Done -When you hope and you prayBut you know there's nothing left to sayIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..When you fight when you fearWhen you hate when love draws nearIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..All night and everydayEndless plight we run awayFrom ourselves into malaiseLiving hell of our own constraintIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..Its too late some will sayWritten fate that can't be changedIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..We're all hurt, we're all brokenToo many words, never spokenIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..Solar Garden - hippie pop groove?Pulsar - in a world grown so weary, apathetic and cold, what good does intelligence and acuity of vision serve when it only accompanies a vivid awareness of precisely how horrific things have become?Luna Muse Improv Part I (10/09/09) - cool improvised jam with an envelop filter on Matt's bass saxHigher Plane - sometime Manuela just gets into a deep, accepting space when she practices her Yoga. I enjoy a similar effect on marathon bike rides as well..Tuesday Night Blues - skanky, earthy, busting up some blues on a Tuesday night in March 2009Why Is All I Know - another meditative piece that accompanies contemplation well..Another Day (live bonus track) - old tune I wrote a long time ago, kind of sappy, but this has a great classic rock feel to it.." - Colie Brice 11/4/2009
I have an earlier album of Talvin Singh. There is no doubt about his skills in adapting the piano to Indian classical music. Talvin is still young and has room to grow and mature into an innovative musician. The current album sounds similar to his earlier album. It is my opinion that the limitation comes not from Talvin's abilities but more to do with the limitations of the piano. Time will tell. I do enjoy Talvin's piano creations of popular Indian ragas.
For those interested in the ephemeral of Marilyn Monroe's spotty musical career(and more besides), it may be tough to beat this two disc collection. It still doesn't include her hillbilly rendition of "That Old Black Magic" from "Bus Stop"(which may be lost by now), but it has just about every other vocal side, plus a Lux radio spot, a very funny motor oil commercial, an extended(and a tiny bit excruciating)Jack Benny sketch, and another elongated bit with Martin & Lewis. Comes with a great booklet of photos and interesting minutia.
Normally I would give an armature recording of a guitarist of Bryant's stature more than a little scrutiny given that there are often many other studio quality recordings to choose from but in this case, that's all there is! This home recorded set with renowned pedal steel player Buddy Emmons is next to the only Bryant you can find for MP3, an absolute crime considering that he is mentioned in virtually every summary of country guitar that I've ever read. Yet for whatever reason NONE of his most important earlier work with Speedy West is available in digital. That said, this is prime late career Bryant and the guitar is front and center in all of the mixes his playing is clearly bop-influenced and fluid as ever! My only hope is that some enterprising individuals will make more of his solo and Speedy West works available for digital download soon!
Great album. Amazon's mp3 download process requires their free software, however.
Despite product description there are no Jazz Fusion tracks contained here. Studio and Live tracks intermixed, as a leader, from 1955 through the early 1960's. Mostly for Blue Note records. Side men include Jackie McLean, Pepper Adams, some sextet tracks from OFF TO THE RACES feature both of them. And from a 1955 Detroit concert, Yusef Lateef, who is featured on the song titled Yusef
Carol is a lot of fun on stage.  I wish I'd seen her live.  That said, this recording of her show is good to listen to when you've exhausted your music collection.  Carol Channing is an aquired taste.  I like her.  It's best to get the entire show and then you can listen to it as it was originally presented.  Enjoy Carol Channing LIVE, you'll be glad you did.
Karen Lyu & Fresh Jazz presents a great treat for fans of international jazz and world music. Probably my favorite of her tracks is La Vie En Rose. She gets a lot of great mileage out of this classic, but with any of her songs she brings a great range of character, emotion and a joyous sense of what's possible with the human voice. Well worth checking out.
Ike Moriz - Blue Moon (Mosquito Records London)A genuine all-round entertainer, Moriz has acted in various feature films ("Love Actually", "Alfie", "Shanghai Knights", etc.), became a regular on TV screens ("Eastenders", "The Bill", etc.) and has released a series of albums in various genres. David Bowie is a fan.Blue Moon was his eighth studio album, originally released in 2010, and it's an intriguing collection of easy listening styles, with attention-grabbing arrangements and a fascinating selection on songs. It's an advantage Moriz holds over great singers of the `40s, `50s and `60s, there's been an awful lot of great pop music written since their heyday, and there's no reason why some of those songs can't be adapted to swing and jazz. Which isn't to say that Moriz ignores the classics, but it does allow for fine versions of The Beatles "Nowhere Man" or Rodgers and Hart's "Blue Moon", a song which dates back to the first half of the century, but was made famous by Elvis.He sings a cluster of songs many will know from movies; "What A Wonderful World" is measured and unhurried, and floats gently from the speakers. "Blue Velvet" becomes a love song again, with pianist / arranger A.McPike doing some sterling work. "From Russia With Love" was the theme to the Bond film of the same name (written by Lionel Bart and sung on the soundtrack by Matt Monro), and here Moriz sticks close to the source while band-leader Willie van Zyl does some wonderful stuff with strings and things.
I heard &#34;West Texas&#34; and was very impressed by it.  I bought the whole album and am in the process of listening to multiple times to become more familiar with it.  I like Doug Smith's style and find that music like his grows on me more over time.&#34;West Texas&#34;, however, jumped right out at me.  I've listened to it dozens of times already.  What a great piece.
Originally released in 1958 as New Orleans Dixieland Jazz by Danny Barker & His Riverboat Ramblers, this all-star standards collection showcases Barker's return to New Orleans jazz after his years as a sideman for Cab Calloway and Lucky Millender. Barker is the leader here, but he is a legend among legends in this combination, featuring Joe Muranyi on clarinet, Don Frye on piano, Wellman Braud on bass and Walter Johnson on drums. Unlike many other so-called Dixieland records of the era, all of the players here had played with some of the most sophisticated orchestras of their era, some even crossing the line a little into bop. Frye played with Millinder, Zutty Singleton and Slim Gaillard. Braud - who some suggest invented the walking bassline - with Ellington and Sidney Bechet. Walter Johnson played drums with Fletcher Henderson and Millinder's orchestra, as well as with Coleman Hawkins. Muranyi was an early proteg&eacute; of Lennie Tristano who went on to play with Eddie Condon and Louis Armstrong. In addition to his stints as a big band sideman, Barker worked with Jelly Roll Morton and Charlie Parker on one session, at Parker's request. With a resume like this, it should come as no surprise that this combo doesn't sound like George Lewis.The playing here is uniformly stellar. Barker on six string banjo displays why he was one of the go-to rhythm guitar players of the day, with his graceful swells and chord melodies, occasionally breaking into single-note runs. Muranyi's clarinet is liquid and dreamy. Frye's piano is active and bright, a welcome change from the rudimentary pounding common to the Dixieland genre. This is especially apparent in "Tiger Rag," where the piano plays the part of the trumbone and cornet, and then breaks into a solo that wouldn't sound entirely out of place in a big band number. Each song here is a standard of the trad Jazz repetoire, and while these men certainly knew the style in and out, none of them are setting aside their sophistication and more contemporary techinique. This is what traditional jazz sounds like when you aren't shilling for tourists.
Genil Castro is a (relatively) young guitarist from Brazil. His style is electric jazz in chord/melody - however this CD features a guitar/bass/drum trio format.Genil's tone is full, beautiful, and luscious. His techniques is amazing, and echoes the frequent use of artificial harmonics ala Lenny Breau, with chords that echo Joe Diorio, Gene Bertoncini, and Joe Pass.The choice of tunes is widely varied, but is brought into the sound of this trio and made to work. The classical pieces sound as jazzy as the originals and standards.Any fan of jazz guitar in general, or finger-style electric chord/melody in particular, needs to hear Genil. He adds an original, inventive, and beautifully musical voice to the world of jazz guitarists.I bought the MP3 download version of the CD, and the sound is great, especially through my best earphones/earbuds.I believe we have a new guitar hero for jazz fans who will continue to grow and make impressive and wonderful music for us for many years to come.
I'm not sure of your made up cat# but it is on the label: Cowbell Music [#39] CD 2008. Recorded in September 2007 at Bach Recording, Copenhagen, Denmark. With Benjamin Koppel and Charlie Mariano on alto sax, Jacob Karlzon on piano, Jesper Lundgaard on double bass, Alex Riel on drums... This double alto sax makes for a remarkable session although it credited as Benjamin Koppel & Charlie Mariano & Alex Riel Trio it was sessioned as a Alex Riel leader session by Cowbell Music label.
I was drawn to this album by the version of "Swing 48," which I heard on the radio.  After listening to the samples of all 13 tracks, I decided to buy the whole album, and I'm very glad I did; this is infectious, lively music that draws from early jazz and the music of Django Reinhardt yet manages to sound refreshingly modern. The band swings nicely throughout, and there are some very fine solos on guitar, accordion, piano, and various horns.  In all, a really fun album, and I hope to hear more from Zazou City.
This is not quite an acoustic album because there is some electronic augmentation and a few backup instruments (all played by Emma herself, except for the drums on track 3), but it still "feels" like you're in a small club or bar just listening to Emma at the piano.  It's a delightful and very intimate set, where you get a feel for Emma's natural jazz and ragtime style.  But, as always, it is the stunning lyrics that ultimately capture your undivided attention.  While Emma's music composition style may harken back to Scott Joplin, her often ironic lyrics are more at home with Cole Porter.There may not be an artist today who has Emma's lyric writing skill.  Each song grows with each play.  Don't dismiss this album without listening to it several times.  You will be rewarded.
I came across Walter Sickert & the Army of Broken Toys on the show Young Broke & Beautiful, a non-fiction travel show series for a generation of alternative culture enthusiasts. This particular episode featured Boston with a segment about Steampunk. They sounded pretty cool so I immediately looked them up here on Amazon. I bought Steamshipkillers and the self titled cd. I definitely preferred Steampshipkillers. It sounds like they've come a long way and matured quite a bit over the years from the S/T cd( which came out in 2006 & sounded a bit experimental in a way to me). I listened to the entire cd on my way to work and back. I like it a lot. Give this cd a shot. I think it's worth it.
It's hard to pin down the Jack Brass Band. Their 2007 album, Traditionally Speaking, was a fairly traditional New Orleans affair. The Minneapolis group's new record, Fourth Movement, has them sounding at times more like a salsa combo. They strut through an unlikely song set, including covers of Michael Jackson, Rick James, and Bill Withers.This is a genre in which it's easy to repeat yourself. Many bands use half-hearted arrangements in which the instruments mostly just play in parallel, with very little differentiation of parts to create interest. Fourth Movement mostly avoids these pitfalls. There's usually a lot going on, and Jack Brass Band shakes up its style impressively over the course of the record. The soloists, aside from the occasional off-note, are solid.The Jacks are not afraid to venture into mellower territory, as they do beautifully in a luscious arrangement of the Temptations' "Just My Imagination." Other high points include Sean Kingston's "Beautiful Girls" and an energetic rendition of Billy Preston's "Nothing From Nothing." The group has a knack for making their song selections fit neatly into the brass band idiom, and just when you think they've made up their minds, stylistically speaking, they close the album with a sultry, sax-heavy "Let's Get It On."George Porter Jr. contributes effusive liner notes, and he's not the only local luminary lending praise to the Jacks. Their long involvement with New Orleans and its music is readily apparent on this record. Brass band lovers looking for something fresh will not be disappointed.--OffBeat Magazine, March 2010 issue
Thought that I would get  all the songs from the original album rather than just four of the songs. I noted that  the mp3 playlist  Provided for only four songs but thought the CD advertised had all the songs. The songs that I did get were very good.
This is a relaxing project with silky smooth guitar stylings that have just a slight edge to keep things interesting.  The covers of Rufus & Chaka Khan's "Sweet Thing" and Patti LaBelle's "If Only You Knew" provide melodic truism with a dash of delightful improvisation.The entire project you can listen to from start to finish and be quite satisfied.
This is the first recording for this artist and it is everyting I was expecting.  Now I am a fan!
I got the cd and began listening... and I'm like...Did i merely go by the rave reviews on amazon and not listen to thedemo? (Don't wake up in a ditch... listen to the demo.)I do not find the voice as appealing as other people did on this cd.The other cds may have a different flavor.I keep hearing Eggar on the first men in black movie saying,"Got eny shuggarr? Give me som shugggarr."The content is interesting, and I like the idea...and havesince checked out some online interviews with the poet.So...I wanted to like this more!!!...but I find the same Eggar tone throughoutthe cd leaves me wanting more of his wonderful natural voice...as heard in the interviews rather than the vocal style on the cd.Maybe it's just me.... so... listen to the free demo orgoogle some videos....first... and make an intelligent decision....and if listener is listening.... add some vocal variety.Chicks dig it...  (yeh, you can quote me)Kudos to you for the innovation and getting poetry OUT there!
This combo has a great sound, not the mundane slushy smooth jazz that makes you snooze, but something a lot more than you might be expecting. Very listenable. It will keep your attention, with the interplay of drums, keyboards, and some guitar licks - the hooks are there! It is "Yacht Rock" without vocals? Maybe, but I dig that stuff to this day. A great debut!
A 420 State of mind...is probably an accurate description.  This is the coolest "Chill" music out there!  It's as if these two guys listened to a ton of rock, jazz, trance, fusion and put them all into a blender.  I can honestly say that I am normally not a huge fan of "Smooth Jazz" but this is really cool stuff.  It's something that just takes you to another place - whether you are at work, driving in your car, or sitting on the back patio.  I am very impressed with their debut effort and can't wait to hear more.  Are they touring?
Originally, this was a great TV special.  The chanteuse was at her peak, with the BEST arrangements my maestro Burt Bacharach!  Marlene, always legendary, did credible jobs on the songs that made her famous, probably the best performances of her entire career!  Highly recommended.
Chamber music is among my favorite music to enjoy at any time of the day.  How great to have musicians who can entertain with such skill $ music!
I appreciate the many facets of Kelly's music (Jazz, R&B, Funk....). He covers a lot of ground with his guitar and while professional in his play, it sounds like he is having a great time just jamming. I own both of his CD's and am pleased with both. Very entertaining music. A great artist.......
Easy to listen to jazz. Not the every day elevator jazz different changes to keep you interested.  Vary good keep those changes in your music.
He has a different sound...not bad though but it may take a little while for you to warm up to all the songs on this album.  Would I recommend it...yes!  Would I say it's awesome...no!
I really like this disk. Smut is a modern day version of Carmina Burana poetry.  There's a pop and ancient pop sound to some of the tracks.  It's a bit on the short side as albums go but worth it.  Some fun vocals not in English.
This music is fresh and original.  Her voice is beautiful and the production compliments her well.  Very good album , can't wait to hear more.
Dan Adler has earned his position among the gifted jazz musicians of today. In addition to his rather formidable talents on the guitar he adds compositions of his own to this recording  - four in all, and in the company with Frank Loesser and Oscar Peterson he definitely holds his own.  In this recording he is joined by the substantial jazz organist Joey DeFrancesco and with Byron Landham on drums.  They treat jazz as the art form that it is, each able to take the lead while the others accompany, waiting for their entries into the grand scheme of the piece.The title of the album and, for this listener, the strongest track is 'Back to the Bridge' - and for all lovers of jazz that meaning is consummated here.  But there really isn't a missing link in this well selected group of 10 pieces.  Each one seems to highlight one of the three musicians in a particular way, making the whole experience very democratic. A solid album that sets a new standard.  Grady Harp, September 10
I bought this CD for my wife. I am a huge Bob Dylan fan myself, but my wife is less enthusiastic. I listened to some preview grabs from the songs online and decided to order it.There are some smoothe and melodic renditions of songs like "All I really Want to Do" and "Song to Woody".There is the occasional 'musak' sound in some of the tracks, but mostly its very listenable.
There are a couple of songs I was not acquainted with.  I guess I did not appreciate them.  Maybe with time, I will learn to like them too, but for now I am skipping them when I listen.
Joan Chamorro introduces Andrea Motis to the world. She is a young talent that shows great promise and will certainly create a buzz among those who are interested in jazz. This debut effort is very good for one so young. I look forward to hearing more from her in the future.
Ike Moriz - Charade (Mosquito Records London)Inspired by Stanley Donen's 1963 movie "Charade" (with Audrey Hepburn and Cary Grant), Ike Moriz' 2010 release employs Latin arrangements to a collection of jazz vocal standards, as well as a smattering of latter-day pop songs. As always Moriz is in good voice, and with pianist A. McPike on exceptionally fine form, "Charade" is an album to cherish. Although, there is a question mark regarding one song selected, namely Stevie Wonder's "I Just Called To Say I Love You", a composition widely regarded as the artistic and critical nadir of Wonder's illustrious career. Having said that, Moriz' arrangement makes the most of it, though when compared with his takes on the Mancini / Mercer title track, or Joseph LaCalle's "Amapola" it feels decidedly pedestrian - as it always was.But let's not worry about that. CD players are programmable for a reason, and there are 14 other tracks to be enjoyed. One of the real pleasures of hearing Moriz apply himself to the easy listening songbook is the particular timbre of his voice. So when he sings incredibly well known songs such as Irving Berlin's "Let's Face The Music And Dance" or Norman Gimbel's "Sway", we feel no need to draw comparisons with other versions by Nat King Cole or Dean Martin, simply because they sound so different. The album ends with a refined version of Antonio Carlos Jobim's "Quiet Nights Of Quiet Stars", a fitting conclusion to fine, mellow album.
A good quartet session from late 1950's Blue Note. Herman Foster was the pianist - I Won't Cry Anymore is a great up beat track. For some reason There Will Never Be Another You is taken at ballad tempo. Another ballad Dorothy leads off the album. Grits And Gravy is a down home blues. This session was part of a Mosaic Lou Donaldson box set for many years and was never put on indivdual CD domestically.
This is available on CD under the title RETURN FROM OVERBROOK where it is doubled with Flute 'N The Blues on which Eddie Jefferson sings a couple and Johnny Coles is featured on Easy Living. This though is a strictly instrumental session with Big Band backing instead of his usual septet. James is pretty much evenly divided between tenor sax and flute playing alto only on Why Don't You,  1 of 4 Johnny Pate originals.
This is truly an outstanding set of performances.  Unfortunately, it appears to simply be an analog transfer from a vinyl record, scratches and all.  it is certainly worth downloading because it is not available in CD format.  But it should be clearly labeled for what it is.  James Moody was one of the greatest and there is no better example of his extraordinary talent than this recording.  A five star performance; a 2 star presentation. i purchased it from Amazon as soon as it was available but only noticed the scratches under my IPod headphones.
This is a great small band James Moody recording. The title track is something of a jazz classic. What's particularly noteworthy is that the entire rhythm section was deliberately muted for a certain atmospheric quality the engineers were attempting. I don't know if that really amounted to anything special in the long run, but I've become accustomed to it over the many years.Sadly, though, the remastering of what is obviously an LP is sorely lacking. Not only is the sound quality mediocre but the tempo of the tunes is decidedly slower than the original recording by maybe an added thirty seconds or so. I found the same problem with "An Hour With the Ramsey Lewis Trio" also available on Amazon. On that one I remastered it myself, boosting the tempo to the original recording speed and bettering the sound quality with audio software.Again, a great album to own but you should go elsewhere for better sound quality.
This song is one of my old school favorites! I love this version... her voiceis stunning...great collaboration, muscianship and arrangements.
A bit of Toni Harper, a bit of Dinah Washington, mostly a mix of Billie Holiday and Sarah Vaughan but really, it's all her. She's going places. Great technique and beautiful timbre.
I really dig the way Cecile sings.  I have seen her live at Lincoln Center and am a big fan.  I do like her album Woman a bit better than this disc, but all her work makes me happy.  She reminds me of what Billy Holiday would've sounded like if she was addicted to uppers instead of downers.
The collection is a pretty good one and the sound quality is quite good.  BUT, Nancy Wilson didn't become a singer until the 1960's!
Another archival release in an ongoing Jersey Shore saga featuring the unique persona's of Colie Brice, Alan Gowa, Matt Lott. Jay Walker, and Joe Savio, otherwise known as the New Age Blues Experience (NABE).Autumn Chronicle Volume II is yet another batch of demos, live recording, improvisations, serious goofing, and other aural oddities appealing to discerning audiophiles, lo fi hipsters, and other folks who don't get out much..Seriously folks, you basically have a live EP recorded at the Stone Pony in Asbury Park, with some cool jams, demo recordings, and the dead pan, wry comedic stylings of Alan Gowa for one low, low price. Get it while it's hot!Colie Brice and the New Age Blues Experience was nominated for Top Avant Guarde Act, Top Guitarist, Top Instrumentalist, and Hot Dog eating Champions in the 2010 Asbury Park Music Awards! (Colie and Jay were also nominated in the Top Rock Band via their participation in Geena and Dragster.)
While researching another artist, I saw references to Sidney.I found him in the mp3 store and what a pleasant surprise. I am now a Sidney Bechet fan.
I heard one of Sidney Bechet cuts in a Woody Allen movie, &#34;Midnight in Paris&#34; and loved it so much I decided to purchase the album it was on. If you like sax and know Stanley Turrentine's stuff, you will like this guy.
I've been trying to write about Denys Baptiste's latest album for a good two months now. I've listened to the album every day, sometimes multiple times, trying to find the words the poet would use to describe the sublimity of discovery and exciting novelty. The words never really came to me, but the notes played on and on. I enjoyed every note."Identity by Subtraction," an identity formed completely from the removal of what you are not, eventually revealing what you are. It is so often that we describe ourselves as what we are not, rather than by what we are-- what we do not like as opposed to what we do. But peeling away those layers of what is false, what we are not, what we do not wish to be, even,  reveals a truer character than deciding what you are, doesn't it? DenysBaptiste describes the concept for his newest album "Identity by Subtraction" as `a process of shedding the superficial layers of expectation ... to reveal the music'.Then Denys, really, was the embodiment of that sublime poet; every song speaking differently. Jazz is the only kind of music that speaks to you specifically and individually. Tracks such as "Special Times," a piano-saxophone duet written and dedicated to his family ease the soul and mind in a lullaby like composition. Unexpectedly the album turns to the marvelous calypso-inspired tune `Dance of the Marquiritari' and suddenly you are dancing around the house folding laundry like a Calypso herself. Baptiste's album highlights the two best aspects of jazz music, expression and collaboration. The album shares the speakers with his unspeakably talented quartet; Rod Youngs on drums, Andrew McCormack on piano and Gary Crosby on double bass. Evolution to Revolution is the riot song of the album, composed beautifully, hopeful and sad as any truly important opposition.Baptiste's albums all have different flavors, as if he finds new spices each time he picks up his saxophone. It wouldn't surprise me. I can hum the melody to any song on `Identity by Subtraction' by now and I still find myself swaying at the end of each tune. The album is one of those that you want with you non-stop for weeks, it's a great album by an excellent composer and quartet.  The album does what good jazz does, makes you move and listen and delight in the everyday.
Chris Turner and David Brown seem to be on a mission to bring the classics to life. Like their previous efforts with Ovid and Milton, Tennyson's "Morte D"Arthur" is an excellent tale, brilliantly read by Chris Turner and set to an evocative combination of electronic and acoustic instruments with recorded sounds. The music sets the story in a context that emphasizes the gravity of this turning point in English mythical history, always supporting the text and making the magic of Excalibur in the scenes by the lake vivid in the mind's eye. The haunting combination of didgeridoo and hurdy gurdy in the last scene brings out the sense of doom and the loneliness of Sir Bedivere, left behind as the last remaining knight of the Round Table as Arthur's funeral barge glides away amid the keening of its otherworldly mourners. An outstanding rendering of a great story.
She writes the songs and delivers them in a smoky sultry voice. Wonderful and personable live.Decidedly bossa nova infused, Hailing from the Twin Cities, she belongs in the heat of the limelight.
Sooner or later someone had to do it.  Tom Moon did.  How well he accomplished his task will depend on the listener and the willingness to give him a chance.  Don't groan.  Moon spent a lot of time in common places like waiting rooms, hotel lounges and restaurants during his travels promoting his book, 1000 Recordings To Hear Before You Die.  God only knows how much Kenny G. and muzak he had to endure in his travels.  The frustration became a challenge and offered a unique opportunity as well.Wallpaper background music is typically not something that people listen to on purpose - it's just there.  Free of the need to be clever or attention-getting, Tom Moon began composing music with the goal of it being simple, beautiful, and poignant.  His desire is that listeners will hear his gentle, calm melodies that draw them away from their stress.The ten tracks on Into the Ojala feature Moon on tenor sax along with several members of the rock band, The Fractals.  The album was recorded over a four-day period with all seven musicians together live, focusing on  melodies and synergism - perhaps the essence of improvisation.  Except for the iconic hymn, "Rock of Ages", Tom Moon composed all the pieces.  The a slower-paced, moody, electronica-oriented cover of the revival-favorite religious number segues nicely into "Thank the Eyes" which features Moon's sax along with Kevin Hanson on acoustic guitar.In our view, Moon succeeds on several levels.  His compositions are engaging and absorbing.  The performances on Into the Ojala are inspired and the end result is a simultaneous blend of soothing music to which you enjoy listening as well as sounds that create a safe and healing environment.  Provided Into the Ojala gets the airplay it deserves, Moon won't have to visit hotel lounges to hear his work  -- but will if he does.
Tom Moon, well known for his music reviews in the Philadelphia Inquirer and his essay collection titled 1,000 Recordings to Hear before You Die, indulges his jazz jones on this set of originals and one cover.  Accompanied by bass and drums, with occasional acoustic and electric guitars, piano, Rhodes, and vibes, Moon's sax statements slip somewhere among the stylings of Stan Getz, John Klemmer, and Bob Mintzer (Yellowjackets).  These are not watered-down, smooth-jazz juleps.  They do, however, remember the melody, stretching and molding it, to examine all sides of the song.  In the liner notes, Moon reflects on his decision to commit his chops to disc, quoting a Chinese fortune cookie:  "Fear is a down payment on a debt you may not owe."  Produced at Giant Steps Recording in Winslow, NJ, Into the Ojala is a testament to one man's love of what he lives.
Bailey is a true bass man. Never over doing it. I was a bit disappointed there was no physical CD available. So sorry that no US company can promote a master player like him. I hope it's not Vic's choice. People need to hear this man play. Looks like EU and Asia are more on top of it. Come on US radio and promoters!
Kathy Sanborn is a throw back when singer could sing. The Chris Connors , June Christy, you understand what they are saying with great phrases.
If you are a fan of Guitar players like Les Paul or Chet Atkins and Pop music, go for this Ep and the other one called "Guitars in Hi-Fi".  $4 each...
Ms Kitt is not for everyone. For the fan, EATHA KITT REVISITED is probably a compilation of the songs she's best known.  She absolutely exudes sex and sensuality with taste and humor.  It was wonderful to hear this album again.As for ST.LOUIS BLUES, she (i think) was was out of her element-- the tempo might have been right, but not that &#34;rag time&#34; band competing and sometimes winning my attention. I consider this an unwanted 'bonus' to my REVISiTED purchase. Happily, mp3 allows you to download and separate them.
Duda Lucena - DUDA LUCENA QUARTET:  It really doesn't matter what your heritage is, if you're a jazz lover, you'll be in love with this gentle (yet energetic) quartet's music, especially on tracks like the opener, "Lugar Comum"... Lucena's superb vocals, as well as his true talent on Latin (specifically Brazilian) guitar will bring back many pleasant mem'ries (or make new ones, if you haven't heard the tunes before).  I especially enjoyed the guitar on "Sol", but you'll find Quentin Baxter's drums, Kevin Hamilton's bass & Gerald Gregory's piano all contribute to the vibrant jazz experience (the recording is live, so that adds yet another level of excitement as well).  The only criticism is that it would have been nicer to have more than 7 tracks, but you still get a set that's over 40 minutes.  My favorite tune was the closer, the 6:57 "Odara"... though I understood hardly a word, I still knew what he was talkin' about, & that piano is to die for!  I give these folks a MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, with an "EQ" (energy quotient) rating of 4.96.  Get more information at dudalucena.com  Rotcod Zzaj
A fantastic album. A varied sound throughout, with interesting uses of different instruments and non-instruments.He sings about real stuff too. My favorite album at this moment in time.
jhameel works the androgyny thing well, the aesthetic is appealing, and the music is insightful and creative.  jhameel's lyrics are the best part of the music, and 'how many lovers' is my favorite song on this cd.  his bio is also very interesting--though jhameel's intelligence comes through regardless of whether you read it or not.  do it.
Eliane Amherd - NOW AND FROM NOW ON: There are times when my review stack yields up a whole "row" of a certain style, in this case female jazz vocalists.  When you listen to the catchy rhythms Eliane projects on your ears, like the heavily guitar-based groove tune "Where Is Home", you'll find yourself falling in love with her style right NOW, volkz!  If you're lookin' for something more along the lines of Peggy Lee's "Fever", you'll dig what Eliane does with "Temptation"... my only complaint with this one was that it was a bit short (2:49), but you'll put it on repeat at least a few hundred times.  My personal favorite was the laid-back "Steady and Slow"  - blues your mind can taste! I give Eliane & crew a MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, with an "EQ" (energy quotient) rating of 4.97.  Get more information at[...] Rotcod Zzaj
Love the album! I can listen from front to back and to the beginning again. Makes me feel like I am at home in New Orleans!
We live in an era of great brass bands, a time when people argue over who's the best and global brands sponsor grand competitions. New kids use horns to escape violence while old heads lead protest marches and school programs. As successful as any outfit in the last 30 years, the Rebirth charge forward through this landscape armed with their signature mix of power and filth.The new record begins with "Exactly Like You," a standard and the opposite of your typical brass band boast. Then things get grimy, with the songwriting team of Phil Frazier and Glen Andrews telling us how a certain somebody likes it (front and back) over speeding horns and snare. "The Dilemma" gives us that Rebirth swagger and shadow, a missive from a Tuesday night second set. That's a compliment to producer Tracey Freeman. We get short doses without the meandering or filler of a live album, but with a balanced fullness that never sounds overly brightened or packaged.The Troy Andrews-penned "AP Touro" allows the fellas to ascend, cut and pound. At their best, the Rebirth sound like martial swordsmen who group into unison when needed, then race out to new vistas or broaden shoulders to hold down the fort (and of course, taking time to stop at the corner bar). We are rarely in unknown territory on Rebirth of New Orleans, but the album transmits the ferocity that defines the contemporary lineup, with fewer words and more minor keys.They test themselves in "Feelin' Free," the crossflows of the horns working in sunny contrasts with wild percussion, sounding Caribbean. Overall, the band resists experimentation with new forms, seemingly more interested in blowing the doors off than opening new ones. And, as this record attests, the Rebirth still blows doors off quite nicely.--Brian Boyles, OffBeat Magazine, April 2011 issue.
Originally the Circle Record Co., San Fran-based FANTASY Records' 1951 LP debut was THE DAVE BRUBECK TRIO (3-1). It's a 10" disc issued on red or purple vinyl. Cover art is an illustration of band instruments. A second FANTASY 10" LP entitled THE DAVE BRUBECK TRIO (3-2) was also released in '51. Cover for this version has a drawing of Dave that's based on a photograph. The disc is either green or red vinyl. Each LP features a unique playlist.Further confusing matters is FANTASY's volume 3-4. Also entitled THE DAVE BRUBECK TRIO, this 1952 set has the same cover as LP #1, but a new playlist. FANTASY #3-5 is again THE DAVE BRUBECK TRIO, with a b&w; cover photo and yet a fourth program of tracks. Both records are red vinyl.This AMMY page is for the second LP from '51. Program is jazz and pop standards.PERSONNEL: Dave Brubeck (piano), Ron Crotty (bass) and Cal Tjader (drums).SIDE ONESweet Georgia BrownThat Old Black MagicSeptember SongSpring is HereSIDE TWO's WonderfulTea For TwoBlue MoonUndecided
There's not a lot of songs that I'm familiar with on this album.  But all in all I have been enjoying it.
Ike Moriz - C'est Si Bon (Mosquito Records London)"C'est Si Bon" is just one of three Ike Moriz album releases in 2011, and the first of two that explores the jazz vocal style of the 1950s, `60s and `70s. Moriz isn't the only singer out there recreating the classic orchestral pop of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Tony Bennett, et al, but I bet he's the only one in South Africa. The fact that it's just one string to a musical bow that takes in indie pop, London glam and triple-A rock makes these records all the more impressive.On "C'est Si Bon" Moriz makes inroads into the French language tradition of easy listening and swing - think Charles Aznavour and Sacha Distel. The title track (music: Henri Betti, lyric: Andre Hornez) was originally made famous by Eartha Kitt, though it's Dean Martin's 1962 version than many will recognize. Here Moriz accompanies the song with little more than a jazzy piano, which allows his voice and phrasing to shine through - while the keys fill the gaps with some panache. Of the other three French language songs, Charles Trenet's chanson classic "La Mer" is the standout, though there are plenty of fine performances to enjoy amongst the remaining 11 standards. His take on Robert Wells and Jack Segal's "When Joanna Loved Me" adds a certain breezy lightness to the song, and the Henry Mancini / Johnny Mercer composition, "The Days Of Wine And Roses", gets treated equally kindly with the barest of accompaniments.
With the Tea Party threatening to bring down the US Economy, unemployment persistently high, another case of pinkeye going around at your kids' preschool, and another heat wave on the horizon, sometimes you just wish you could be a tree, or a cactus, or some kind of plant, close your eyes, breathe through your leaves, and find some peace.  Deep Tree Mantra's Music for Plants is the next best thing ... I've been listening for the past week on the house system, on my headphones, even on the laptop speakers, and find something new in each listen.  The inspirations are varied, and these guys play together and play off each other seamlessly and beautifully.  Given his recent tragic death, David Hartley's guitar has for me a particularly haunting and melancholy quality that grounds the lighter flights of Robert Hitz's piano and Buzz Conway's flute and trumpet.  The Hornsby/Cooper rhythm section pulses gently but convincingly, providing the meat and potatoes that makes this plant food something into which you can really sink your teeth.  Two branches up.
Ken Peplowski - IN SEARCH OF: Man, if there were still diners like the one pictured on the CD cover, I'd be there every night for my taste of jazz... the totally upbeat "Peps" is just the kind of music I could listen to all night as we danced the evening away - delectable, to be sure!  For something with a little more laid-back feel to it, I'd want to hear "False Baiana" - some mighty mellow sax work from Ken on this one, & his partners Shelly Berg (piano), Jeff Hamilton (drums), Tom Kennedy (bass), as well as visiting artist Greg Cohen (bass), Joe Ascione (drums/percussion) and Chuck Redd (vibes) show your ears what jazz is really all about on the dozen tracks assembled here.  My favorite was the opener, "The Thespian", which grabbed my ears & wouldn't let go!  I give these high energy players my MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, with an "EQ" (energy quotient) rating of 4.97.  Get more information at the CAPRI RECORDS label site.  Rotcod Zzaj
I happened to stumble upon this guy on youtube while trying to look up some info for some software.  Found out this guys has a sound cloud account and some amazing music on it.  Then I found that he had an album released already so i checked it out and was blown away.  This dude has some skills on the piano and does a really good job with the production work.  The only thing I didn't like was that one of the songs could have been better mixed.( all I ever think about)  the vocals could have been balanced better against the rest of the music.  The auto tune use on the last song was a bit of an overkill.  However on the whole this dude has skill and I would recommend that you should give it a listen.  I hope this guys continues to come out  with more music in the future.  He is well versed and sound better that a lot of what's on the radio.Support good music!
Ike Moriz - Sunday (Mosquito Records London)It would be wonderfully neat and tidy to state that `Ike Moriz is South Africa's answer to...'. Unfortunately, that's too difficult a sentence to finish. I don't think there's another artist in the world that's so adaptable to different styles and sounds in the way Moriz is. His "Breathing Dreams" album (also released this year) was a pop/rock album that touched on everything from indie pop to Bowie inspired glam. It could've (perhaps should've) been a mess, but it wasn't, it was focused and inspired, and always entertaining. "Sunday" (just one of three albums released in 2011) is a completely different sort of record. Here he takes inspiration from the great easy-listening singers of the `50s, `60s and `70s, and for the most part, the Great American Songbook provides the material."Sunday" opens with a Broadway number, written back in 1940 by Nancy Hamilton and Morgan Lewis. "How High The Moon" has been famously covered by Les Paul and Mary Ford, Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan, and there are countless instrumental versions on offer, but Moriz does the song credit, performing the words with a smile on his lips, and his band keep it upbeat, though instrumentally sparse. Piano is often the lead instrument, and Moriz plays it jazzy and light. It perfectly suits his voice. Other standout tracks on this 16-track collection include Johnny Mercer's "Satin Doll" and the absolutely charming version of Cole Porter's "What Is This Thing Called Love?". Fans of contemporary jazz singers, as well as the old guard, would do well to keep an eye on Moriz. I, for one, am already looking forward to his next record.
I was excited when I saw this one. Love Larry Coryell's playing. Must admit I am a bit disappointed. The disc is very polished. The players are excellent but I wish they would have opened up a bit, took a few more chances with the music. Could have, should have been a much more interesting CD.
Marcus D's Shoshin is a instrumental album featuring lots of piano and hip-hop elements which are most definitely inspired by Japanese hip-hop legend Nujabes.This album is awesome. All of the tracks are very easy on the ears, and are very relaxing to me while still keeping a hip hop feel to it. Definitely worth the buy.
They be jamming on this CD, I lkie several of the tracks very much, some of the tracks take time to sink in for me.
Shimon Ben-Shir - ENCOUNTERS: It was way back in issue # 77 that I first reviewed Shimon's high-energy jazz; fast-forward a few years (from 2007) and he sends me this new one... I was impressed then because of the vigor and taste for life that Shimon's group displayed... just scope out "I Like It" to hear why I like this great group so much!  Shimon's solid approach to the music he and his group play make for the kind of solid & enduring jazz that first gave the genre it's reputation.  I just loved the creepin' back-alleycat feel of "Missing Link", & have no doubt you will too (this is my favorite track on the CD, by the way).  For an all-round enjoyable excursion through 9 great jazz tunes, this gets a MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED from me, with an "EQ" (energy quotient) rating of 4.96.  Get more information at [...] Rotcod Zzaj
This re-issue of Roy Chicago hit tunes from the 60's are an evocation of a bygone era in Nigeria, where highlife tunes blared from overy record store and graced every household party - from weddings and christening to birthday bashes. Some of the tracks are however of poor quality in times of sound production, probably to the aged vinyl acetate originals from the vaults. Otherwise, this album is a must for the highlife afficionado.
You won't find a better collection of classic Latin rhythms than the ones on this album. Well-interpreted instrumental easy listening music - you'll instantly recognize most of the songs here and they'll bring a smile to your face as you as you enjoy them.  I would give it four stars except for the fact that the sound quality is not excellent - it is good but not perfect.
I listened to the samples; the songs sound pretty cool, I guess. But I did want to point out an error. The song, "Mais Que Nada," is not by Yutaka Yokokura. It's actually by Sergio Mendes & Brasil '66.
This sound of the West Coast Highway in California. This reminds me of George Benson concerts whein he was on the CDI Label.
Other trendy releases may be considered jazz influenced metal, but One Step Beyond is most probably metal influenced jazz. But I digress, fearful to follow the footsteps of most metal fans who always seem to categorize in their reviews these days... Bottom line, this instrumental album is groovy, adept, and snappy. Good while doing your work or giving your brain a workout while laying down, eyes closed. An enjoyable outing.
I listened to some songs on YouTube, liked them, downloaded it. Quite good, and it grows on you more. Hope they will release more!
It's not often these days that us `masters of the lowdown' get to step out front but Brian Landrus could change all that. The Landrus Kaleidoscope, the electro-acoustic five-piece led by the New England Conservatory of Music grad and guru of low frequency instruments has made a big splash.Landrus plays baritone sax, bass flute and bass clarinet on Capsule, his latest release for BlueLand Records that hit the street on October 25.The first thing that becomes clear when you put the album on is that this is not "Soft Jazz" although it is not overly busy and the tunes are very lyrical, there are no compromises musically. Even the make up of the band is daring to an extent, mixing acoustic instruments and electric instrument and even electric guitar effects not usually so overtly present in a jazz setting. Additionally the tunes have more than a nodding acquaintance with soul, R&B;  I kept expecting Marvin Gaye to suddenly burst out of my speakers on "I Promise") and even some Afro-Caribbean and Reggae  structures that are tantalizing to the ear.But, it stays firmly grounded in jazz and the jazz atmosphere quickly absorbs these other influences thanks in large part to the rhythm section of, firstly - as always I name the bass player first - acoustic bass in the capable hands of Matthew Parish, he of the big round, soulful sound who brings to mind Charlie Mingus and Ray Brown.His fellow rhythm master, Rudy Royston lays down that steady beat that has such deep pockets that the Artful Dodger and Fagin would be left scratching their heads. The Rutgers University Mason Gross School of the Arts and classically trained percussionist is quickly becoming a much sought after first call drummer, no matter the type of music.Then things get eclectic. On acoustic piano and Fender Rhodes piano we have Michael Cain - no, not the actor - the U of North Texas grad and classically trained veteran of sessions with Ravi Coltrane, Jackie DeJohnnette, Me'Shell Ndeg&eacute;ocello, his own critically acclaimed trio and many more jazz giants. Cain is also  the co-producer of the album, and a mainstay in Landrus' various efforts since he studied with him. He brings that funky spice rack to this effort in a very tasty way.There's only two guys left to mention making up Kaleidoscope, and one of them is obviously Landrus'. So who is that guy on guitar? Well, Nir Felder just may be the next big sensation in jazz guitar and that's no idle threat. Awarded the 2004 Berklee Billboard Endowed Scholarship Award for outstanding musicianship, he has got big ears for harmony and a very fluid, yet edgy solo approach and is an exciting jazz player on the solid body electric. As young as he is you keep expecting him to break out in some shredding imitation of Hendrix yet he plays with a touch and a feel for the composition that's just really amazing in it's disciplined approach without sacrificing creativity .Felder is a superstar in the making and as much restraint as he brings to the album, you can feel the tension. But it is a serious, dedication to the music and it is a beautiful and unexpected sound he brings to tunes like track two, "Like The Wind" which opens with an airy, reggae feel run, high up on the fret board. Then he meshes with Landrus' bass flute and the trippy Rhodes piano of Cain to make this nearly psychedelic feeling, wah-wah infused piece that would have felt at home in the  summer of love."Like The Wind' fades into "Beauty" a more traditional jazz tune that just pops and simmers thanks to the relentless drumming of Royston who seems to be able to hold a complicated rhythm together into eternity. The man lives inside that beat. Landrus  plays the bass clarinet on this piece and shows off the dirty lowdown beauty of the deep sounds it's capable of. Then comes the soulful "I Promise" which may be my favorite track if I was forced to choose one."Capsule", the title track is a Brazilian/Afro-Cuban influenced, tantalizing track that has a heartbeat of it's own featuring the baritone sax work of Landrus on his main instrument.Then things get dark and menacing with "71 & On The Road" a growly, gritty tune about golden age touring as a musician. You can smell the sweat and cigarette smoke in your shirt and your throat is dry and it's 2 a.m. and you still have to pack your kit when you should be collecting social security.But that's not what you do.The bass work here just makes the tune as it threatens to sneak up on you in the dark. Felder plays some roiling arpeggios that push both the bass and Landrus bari sax. What an evocative tune. I want to make the movie.The last two songs are really showcases for Landrus' baritone, "Wide Sky" brings to mind late afternoon sunshine playing with the shadows and the piano solo is just everything; playful, flirty, immaculate. "Now" is a slow ballad that opens with a nice figure on the guitar and piano playing off the line, and Landrus taking over with a tone, low and sweet.Capsule is an excellent and welcome addition to `true' jazz scene and Landrus is making a case for low register players that will romance your ears give your soul a tune up and make you smile.The Dirty Lowdown
Des bons grooves, un peu carr&eacute;s par moments, les participations des autres artistes ne sont pas concluantes. Il y a des rappels tr&egrave;s net de l'album l&eacute;gendaire de Herbie Hancock et se sont les meilleurs moments de l'album.
There's a number of ways to look at this one. First off, taken at face value, and if you knew nothing else about this group, it stands on its own as a nice piece of jazz and funk.If you're a strong Headhunters fan, you may know that Headhunters can describe various grouping of backup musicians and composers who worked for Herbie Hancock in the 1970s, and I think the only consistent members of virtually all the post-Herbie Hancock groups that have called themselves "Headhunters" are drummer Mike Clark and percussionist Bill Summers.The closest the 'original' Headhunters came to coming back fully was "Return of the Headhunters" a very underrated release that should have done better commercially and allowed these guys to keep kickin' it out. I really hoped that CD would spawn a lot of albums that featured the core of Clark, Summers, Paul Jackson, and Bennie Maupin. But that didn't happen. And subsequent releases have been hit and miss as a result.So before buying, the first thing I did was search the internet for the personnel. The core members here are drummer Mike Clark and percussionist Bill Summers.  Bennie Maupin appears, but only on a few tracks, and bassist Paul Jackson seems absent from the roster (although his name is invoked on the tasty funk track "Skizness." In fact, a lot of tracks sound like Paul Jackson's phrasing. And that's a plus.  Richie Goods is the official bass player listed on the tracks and if he's channeling Jackson, he's doing a great job of it.There are some cameo appearances by Snoop Dogg, Jaecyn Bayne and Killah Priest, George Clinton. Brief but they do add some nice variety to the miss.Also on this release, trumpeter Derrick Gardner, saxophonists Donald Harrison & Rob Dixon. Harrison doesn't sound like a "Headhunter," but he does add some much needed color and jazz to the mix. Rob Dixon is closer to the Headhunters vibe, and does a good job of getting that Bennie Maupin feel.  There's a little bit of Patrice Rushen on keyboard on a couple of tracks. Other keyboard tracks are played by Kyle Roussel and Gary Mielke.Maybe the mixed bag personnel will give you some idea of the music here. But I think it works here. Personally, as someone who has been listening to the Headhunters since 1974, okay, it's not 1974 Headhunters, and "Salamander" is a both a sly wink at Chameleon, as well as an ironic reminder that Hancock is not holding them together. Not that Hancock needs to.  I will still listen to these guys. And, for me, this latest release is definitely a strong one.  You can definitely groove on this one, regardless of the personnel.  And should.Additionally -- I became curious about Richie Goods and came across a fusion gem from 2008; Richie Goods and Nuclear Fusion Live at the Zinc Bar.  [...].  If you're a Headhunters fan, you'll want this one. It has Goods on bass covering many fusion classics, as well as two Headhunter tunes, Sly and Palm Grease.  And it has Mike Clark blazing on drums.  I had not heard of Richie Goods or this recording, but now I can see why Mike Clark enlisted him for the current Headhunters lineup.
A full old school album.  Interesting and well worth listening to, for anyone who enjoys old school sounds.  A worthy collector's item for sure.
A lot cheaper to upload this into cloud player then to purchase the cd. Great works well everytime. Excellent. will look for more latino music.
Solid project but two songs totally turned me off which made it a four star project instead of five. The Thrill Is Gone and Something To Live For didn't pull me in and both garnered only one star. Other than those this is a solid project. Her training shines through and she delivers a project that pays homage to the roots of jazz with modern influences.
Just look at the lineup: Arthur Blythe, Nathan Davis, Chico Freeman, Benny Golson, Kirk Lightsly, Buster Williams, Ed Thigpen, all masters of Jazz during the last half century together in a labor of love. If you don't know who these musicians are, look them up on Allmusic.com and get educated. Highly recommended.
This predominantly quartet record can be compared to tenor saxophonist Chris Potter's Underground project for at least two reasons: no acoustic or electric bass is employed; it is heavy on fender rhodes and guitar. The young British keyboardman has concocted an intriguing blend of adventurous music for his third album, laden with idiosyncratic contribution from guitarist Wayne Krantz (percussive comping, intricate lines and accentuation) and alto saxist/composer David Binney (strikes a balance, as usual, b/w his trademark pyrotechnics and melodic exploration).The best part of the set, of course (?), is constituted of the longest tunes: the tense #2 'domino effect' where Escreet's rather abstract piano improv. is a perfect match for the rock-suffused guitar follow-up; the starkly ambitious, deconstructive title track #4 is meant to be a steep climb, which is interspersed w/ brass (Brad Mason: trumpet, Max Seigel: trombone - also audible #6) arrangement; piece #6 'a day in music' by Binney has an exquisite theme and finds Tim Lefebvre on bass guitar; and finally, the solemn, hymn-like #11 'another life' where the listener is treated to expressive, heartfelt solos from Escreet and Binney only to be elevated by Krantz's take being played over the restated theme of the song.The guitarist has brought to the project the groove-driven track #3 'half baked' that in its dynamism and structure somewhat belongs in the same category as the terse yet relentlessly energetic #5 'kickback' and #10 'stand clear'. In addition, we also have the ambient, repetitive #8 'hidden beauty' and a piano-synth. (reminds me of Prophet5's sound from the '80s) chat on #9 'as the moon disappears'. The momentary fillers #1, 7, 12 ('intro', 'interlude' and 'outro') serve, as one jazz critique described them, as "thematic arc", featuring Escreet strumming piano strings and Marcus Gilmore's pulsating beats. Total time: 54.12 min.
It's been my contention for the last five years or so that loop pedals are the coolest musical invention of the modern era, almost cooler than say, wah pedals or even the vaunted digital delay effect. How cool are loop pedals? Well, they can even make instrumental trumpet music sound interesting, apparently. There are a billion drone artists and records coming out these days, partially because of the ease with which one can make a drone album, and the fact that drone just kind of sounds awesome, but until now, I was yet to hear a specialty trumpet drone record. Maybe there are others, but this is my first exposure to the ambient trumpet drone concept -- which makes it an interesting gem to have in my collection for novelty's sake alone.But it goes well beyond that. This record is quite gorgeous or shimmery, or gorgeously shimmery, or some other combination of those words -- ones which I don't use to describe music very often at all. It's really little more than trumpet phrases run through a loop pedal with maybe some reverb and a bit of delay -- then continually contorted, re-looped, manipulated, etc. There are maybe a few keyboard blips here and there, but it's very minimal on that front. And yet, this record wouldn't have nearly the potency that it does if it was anything else. I have no idea why, but every time I put on this disc, I think of skyscrapers at dawn with that time lapse footage where you can see all the elements and people moving around them at what looks like super speed. I see the waves crashing against the surf while the building just stand there -- unfazed megaliths operating on a completely different time grid than the rest of us insects. We go about our business and they remain, forces of nature existing in their own austere universe, like the trees or the holy mountains. It's a very intriguing vibe -- one illuminating the difference between ourselves and our inventions, and the vast chasm between the consciousness of the two. Or at least that's what it makes me ponder, whether that was the intention or not. It's very soundtracky stuff, which gives the mind space to create whatever cinematic mental imagery it's driven to concoct. Thumbs up.
Vincent Lyn - HEAVEN BOUND:  I strongly recommend that you do the 13 tracks on this fast-paced & high-energy CD with headphones on... as you listen to the opener, "Stolen Moments", you'll hear why... all the players are tight in there behind, under & around Vincent's agile keyboards (Hamburg Steinway B piano, Kurzweill PCM88 - that's the keyboard I play, by the way).  One point in the CD's favor is that many of the 13 tunes are originals - as you all know, I favor originals over covers every time, especially from the standpoint of EQ (energy quotient)... the 5:46 "Old Croy" definitely stands out as being at the top of the scale for energy production - Vincent's keyboards just SHINE on this track!).  It was the percussion-filled "Island Carnival" that got my vote for favorite track, though... Fernanda Capela's vocal is simply stunning!  Get more information at vincentlyn.com  Rotcod Zzaj
Anne Loree - Big Words (Independent)An award winning songwriter, Anne Loree is probably best known for penning Jann Arden's 1995 international hit "Insensitive", though over the years she's maintained her own recording career, and "Big Words" is her sixth album.Lyrically, she isn't pulling any punches, and "Big Words" bleeds honesty from every line, but whatever personal tribulations have spawned these recordings, Loree is an experienced enough hand to know that these sorts of songs need a little sugar to ease their digestion. The sweetness is supplied via the arrangements and their production, and a clutch of guest musicians and vocalists add a certain lushness to the sound. On "Relapse" ambient keys and Loree's vocal merge, displaying all the hurt of a primetime Fleetwood Mac classic, while Chantal Vitalis' guitar adds serious depth. Jonathan Lewis' violin on "Different Light" adds a perfect counter to the gently optimistic lyrics, and not forgetting the urgent and slightly off-kilter "Timing Is Everything", with insistent organ and voice both fighting their corner, and propelling the song in a new wave direction. It would have sounded great in 1979 and it sounds just as good now.
A great smooth jazz album. The song "Let's chill" is at the top of my list. I hope we hear more from him in the future.
The only thing that would have made this album even better is more instrumental.  The lyrics are great but sometimes I enjoy time between lyrics to reflect on them and rest in the Father :)  I look forward to more from Harvest Sound.
Just heard the Maria Farinha Band support this album at the 2012 Montreal Jazz Festival. She electrified a huge blockful of delighted listeners, and immediately sold out all the CD copies she'd brought to sell onsite.Guitarist Roy Patterson got more heat and punch out of a nylon-string classical guitar (amplified) than all the electric-guitar shredders at the adjacent Montreal Guitar Show. The woodwind player, and the rest of the band, also improvised and meshed beautifully.This studio CD sounds somewhat thinner and less exuberant, and apparently has less Patterson. Still, I highly recommend this singer and group.
LOVE HIS VOICE...just not his song choices for this album. Saw him in Jersey Boys and was blown away by his voice and performance!
Good music, delightful and lilting.  Easy to listen to .  Arrangements have a jazz feeling.  Glad I purchased it.J. Gordon
We saw Joseph Bwarie in Jersey Boys and I notice on Facebook that he had done an album.  I listened to the sample and just had to own it.  He has an amazing voice and the song selection is perfect.
Avant garde minimalism from Europe.Give it a listen. You can look for clips on You Tube if the previews aren't long enough.
The music is not the reason why I subtracted a star - it's the incompleteness of the set. This should have been a two album set, but there is a missing track from each of the two albums that comprise this compilation. One other nit I have is Charles Mingus detested the nickname 'Charlie'. It's not worth subtracting another star, but personally rankles me.It's all about the music and a run through the sound samples conveys more about this album than I can describe in words. What makes this album special to me is it features Mingus in one of his rare trio settings (he only recorded four albums as a trio), as well as some very early work he did with John Porta for Bethlehem.Omissions notwithstanding, this is still worthwhile for hard core fans, although it does not contain truly essential work.  Here is what you get:Tracks 1, 3, 4, 6, 9 and 10 are most of the album titledMingus Three(it's missing the track titled Dizzy Moods). Those tracks feature Hampton Hawes on piano (Sonny Clark is the pianist on I Can't Get Started), Mingus on bass and his musical soulmate, Dannie Richmond on drums. Hawes brings a definite flavor of the West Coast to the ensemble, although Mingus is at ease with that sound having grown up on that coast as well. This is Mingus unadorned. His more complex compositions and playing are not as evident as on his subsequent work. This album was recorded for the Jubilee label in NYC in a single session on July 9, 1957.The remaining tracks are the album titledThe Jazz Experiments of Charlie Mingus(minus one track, Stormy Weather) that was recorded for the Bethlehem label in NYC during December 1954 and released the next year.  This album is certainly an experiment. For example it features Jackson Wiley on cello on What is This Thing Called Love and Minor Intrusion. Mingus switches to piano on Four Hands, and Thad Jones joins the ensemble as trumpeter on What is This Thing Called Love, Minor Intrusion and Spur of the Moment.The core of the ensemble is comprised of John LaPorta on clarinet and alto sax, Teo Macero on tenor sax, Mingus on bass and Clem DeRosa on drums.
Similar to another reviewer, I also see Rita Hayworth in my inner eye on hearing any of her songs regardless of who was dubbing it. Apart from Anita Ellis, the other "phantom" singers who dubbed for her were Nan Wynn, Martha Mears and Jo Ann Greer according to info gleaned from reviewers of Rita's other albums.  A movie documentary claims that she did sing in her own voice in Put the Blame on Mame while strumming a guitar in Gilda (dubbed the "slow version" in the album). And it's a pleasant voice. Nowadays, people with lesser talents and inferior chops, qualify as "singers". But there were times when only established, professional singers in the league of, say, Judy Garland or Jane Powell were counted. I've been researching the history of the Hollywood musical and I find that Rita Hayworth was not only a talented actress but an accomplished dancer too. Her first job was with the Xavier Cugat orchestra at the Waldorf.  Her dance with Fred Astaire in You Were Never Lovelier to the music of I'm Old Fashioned played by Cugat is considered a classic. Those great dames of the 40's had grace, glamour,  gorgeousness, class, chic, a charming aristocratic bearing and an implicit not explicit sex. It was enough for Rita to just toss her glove in Gilda to burn the screen. Compare this with what followed beginning with the fifties: glamour was exemplified by a dumb blonde moving her lips with bizarre twitches which were more pathetic than sexy. Poor Marilyn, that's how they advertised her. In fact, in real life she was more intelligent than that. But that's another story...
I've read several biographies of Rita Hayworth that make a point of the fact that she was never allowed to sing her own songs. Even Robert Osborne on TCM made that point in his intro to one of her movies. The only information I can find on who might have dubbed in the actual singing is from her obituary published in the New York Times, which credited Anita Ellis for the singing in four of her movies (but only listed "Pal Joey" and "The Loves of Carmen"). It's a bit of a disappointment. I love Rita's singing in the movies and the songs in this collection, but how can they pawn this off as a Rita Hayworth collection if it's not her doing the singing?However, I purchased several of the songs in this collection anyway because I enjoyed Rita's performance in the associated movie. When I listen to them, I see Rita in the relevant scene from the movie.So the bottom line is: go ahead and enjoy the songs but remember that it is not Rita Hayworth doing the actual singing.
This album is headlined by the title, it's also the best song on the album. However, The Grand Floridian Society Orchestra's second album &#34;Puttin' On The Ritz&#34; packs in old time classics with as much charm and hidden treasures as the spectacular hotel itself. Featuring about 45 minutes of nearly forgotten hits of the 20s and 30s, the album misses the familiarity of the band's first release but repents itself with lush sound and soothing vocals; an odd solo in &#34;Boo Hoo&#34;, however, is a tad off-putting, but doesn't scrape this otherwise grand album!
I first heard the Rodriguez Brothers at the Monterey Jazz Festival -- I'm not going to look up the year, but it was the one with Esperanza Spalding, Kurt Elling, George Duke, and Ambrose Akinmusire. A good year, in other words, and even in that kind of company the Rodriguez Brothers stood out in terms of originality and depth. It's good to see that they're still going strong -- their website indicates that they played Dizzy's Club Coca Cola last March and have been touring around the world. If you enjoy jazz with a modern sound and very strong musicianship, add this item to your collection. The style is somewhat like Tom Harrell, very serious-minded and worthy of careful attention. They make every track count, nothing is superficial. I am looking forward to their next album and to their next visit to the West Coast.
An augmented quartet playing lively older and regional styles offers us a different perspective of Braziian music. The album is divided into three sections, the first establishing a foundation of historical choros with modern improvisations. The composition of Pixinguinha, being older, has a fast ragtime feel, but Jacob do Bandolim's work is taken more stately and of moderate tempo. The second section covers the compositions and arrangements of Brazilian transplant Jovino Santo Neto, who supports the quartet of saxophone and flute (Zack Pitt-Smith), 7-string guitar (Brian Moran), mandolin (Jesse Appelman) and pandeiro, zabumba drum and other percussion (Ami Molinelli) with his own piano, accordion, and flute. Another guest musician is Brian Rice on percussion. This middle section is in full jazz mode, and we hear a jazz samba, a Bahian dance with flute duet against pandeiro turning to piano and zabumba, and a saxophone melancholic ode in duet with piano. The third section is varied, taking us with a modern choro with flute and mandolin solos, a pandeiro improvisiation leading to a tight choro, then a slow take on a sweet choro by Jacob do Bandolim, and concludes with a fast Northeastern farr&oacute;, featuring accordion. This is a live recording at Yoshi's, a major jazz club in the United States, which gives further evidence of a new wave of interest in choros and modern jazz adaptations of this predecessor of samba. The musicians' performance is very fine, interesting, and well-developed, but it lacks that extra spark of excitement. Still, this is highly worthwhile album.
Wonderful arrangements on &#34;Jet Plane,&#34; &#34;Time After Time,&#34; and &#34;La Vie En Rose.&#34;  To enjoy alone or with a few good friends!
Well, all right!Sarah Shea's lovely soprano and effortless jazz phrasing are perfect for this collection of straightforward renditions from the American songbook.If you know most of these songs by heart, and everyone should, you're going to like this record a lot.She steals Cry Me A River from Julie London. I have, literally, I just counted, 8 versions of this song, including this new one. Sarah Shea spends 98% of her time in the melody, 2% in bitterness and 0% in self-pity. Delicate and perfect.Her cheeky Cheek to Cheek almost won my heart from Ella's version. It's just pure fun.The rest of the songs are only all that and a bag of chips too.I give this 4 stars because I never give anything 5 stars.Audiophiles: This is very well recorded. You might want to get the CD.
So, far it's the only live performance by her that I have heard, and it's pretty good.  The voice is powerful and perfect.  My only criticism is of some of the arrangments.MOD
I could find no information about John R. Williams; but this music is very well done and makes a fine tribute to George M. Cohan! Every track's a winner; they all sound great. Could Al Jolson be singing some of these songs with John R. Williams conducting the band? We have a bit of a mystery here! Of course, since these are MP3 music files for download, you can just take the ones you like or you can download them all."Yankee Doodle Dandy" has a fine musical arrangement; and "Give My Regards to Broadway" is equally well done. There's a background chorus on "Give My Regards to Broadway" but whoever is singing didn't need it; their keen sense of timing and excellent diction enhance the number without any help at all. (I swear it sounds like Al Jolson.) "I Was Born In Virginny" has a patriotic flavor to it and it appears to come from the era in the early 1900s when nostalgia for the life in the Old South ran high (at least among white people, that is)."So Long Mary" is quite well arranged and I really like "Mary's a Grand Old Name." "Over There" was very popular when America became involved in World War One and listen for yet another good tune that explores the advantages of living in the suburbs of New York City, "45 Minutes From Broadway." "When We Are M-A-Double R-I-E-D" is playful and cute while "Harrigan" is terrific with all that Irish pride! The track set ends with two strong numbers, "You're A Grand Old Flag" and "Always Leave Them Laughing."Regardless of who (John R. Williams?) made these recordings and when, they are largely classic tunes by the great George M. Cohan. True, one or two are dated ("I Was Born in Virginny, for example) but the rest is good music.
Some are better than others, but if you like amazing vocals, try Nancy Lamott. She is in a category with Eva Cassidy and a few others.  They actually sing the words and music in a lovely way.  No screeching.
The reason to buy this is for Track 4, "El Toro," a remix of the original track on the album "Passin' Thru."  It features an amazing and infectious bass ostinato figure by the late Albert Stinson, a brilliant and virtually forgotten virtuoso who played with Hamilton  in the early 60s. When the album was reissued on cd together with "Man from Two Worlds," both on the Impulse label, that track was inexplicably omitted.
This guy plays guitar like a really master, please take a time to ear his music and support him, It's differentAdmirable el trabajo de Samuel en este disco, lo recomiendo altamente y para quienes no puedan adquirirlo por aqu&iacute;, lo consiguen localmente.
Great stuff really like this one. Saw them on Music city roots internet music show from Loveless Cafe.Buy this one, you won't be dissapointed.
I hear wind chimes ... feel a cool breeze ... observe a vivid desert sunset ... experience a glorious sunrise ... see reflections on a glimmering lake's surface. The delicate and expressive "chamber jazz" of Pat Battstone (piano) and Richard Poole (vibraphone) will have you conjuring up many images of your own. As the two experienced musicians from Boston genially converse in an improvisational style, there are many musical moods created. Their second album release in less than a year, Battstone and Poole now feel that they have solidified their musical direction with additional maturity and an element of playfulness. They state, "Mystery and suspense, call and response, have become more refined and our musical Voice has emerged." I find their articulate expressions to be quite dreamlike and perfect for easy-listening or meditative contemplation.Both jazz musicians display an affinity for the avant-garde, and they're carving personalized identities as an amalgamation of their personal influences. For pianist Pat Battstone, we hear a personality that seems to incorporate styles of Marilyn Crispell, Keith Jarrett, Bobo Stenson, Charlie Banacos and Bill Evans. As far as vibraphonists go, I hear elements of Teddy Charles and Gary Burton (whose "Dreams So Real" album might have been inspirational). Originally from Ohio, Battstone attended the Berklee College of Music in 1973. He's done a great deal of solo and ensemble work, as well as teaching, producing and recording. Battstone doesn't just play the piano's keys. He may pluck the strings to produce overtones, or he may employ hammers directly to the strings. At present, he also works as a rocket scientist at Draper Labs in Cambridge, Ma.Richard Poole also has a long resume with many years as a professional musician.  He holds a Bachelor's Degree in Music Composition from Florida International University. Performance, production, a piano business and teaching have been his main focus over the years. He's helped many develop their own voice in music. Now, the two of them together are continuing to cultivate their own musical manifestations. Their kaleidoscope of magical sound is best described as an otherworldly soundscape of sensitive splendor, beautiful colors, and delicate textures.  (Joe Ross, Roots Music Report)
This record thoroughly impressed me from start to finish. The quality of musicality from all the players is top notch. Great production values as well with each tracked mixed in such a way that each instrument seems to stand out at the right moment without dominating over everyone else. At the same time, this group just sounds tight as if they have been playing together for several years.Stand out tracks are "57 West", "Labor Day Blues", "Samba Fire", and "Chocolate City". If you are a fan of Jazz in just about any form you will find something you will enjoy here. I highly recommend picking this up.
As far as I can tell, this is the only album by Toots with the original version of Bluesette that was a hit in the 1960s. None of his other albums have this version. With the possible exception of the Brazil Project album version, I think that this is the best version of that song. No harmonica here: but his style of whistling in unison with electric guitar is equally unique. Another almost as unique sound on this album is the Lowery electric organ played by Dick Hayman (who recently died). The sound is decent on MP3, but this album could significantly benefit from digital remastering. You don't hear music like this any more.
Pete Fountain is probably the premier artist of the clarinet in America.I really enjoy his music and the album is on track as a very good example of his ability.
"On 3/5/11 in Asbury Park, me and the boys had yet another illustrious gig at a really cool old club called Dos Locos that's had more lives than an old Asbury Park dumpster kitty. The event was billed as the first annual ASBURY MEDIA EXPO - with the Sunday Blues, Ben Franklin, No Wine For Kittens, us, DJ Rekon, and M.C. lil' Erik.It was a pretty important gig to me. My boss had asked me to promote and organize it and I busted my ass trying to make it happen. Anybody who's ever played the Jersey Shore in winter time knows that it can be pretty daunting task filling a room in late winter. All in all, we drew OK, but by the end of the night, our set had transformed into set a desolate cricket symphony - another night in paradise for working class Asbury musicians.We had rehearsed a pretty tight, aggressive 4 piece set, but sadly our lead guitarist Alan Gowa had to bow out at the last minute with a severely high fever. When Alan can't make it, he's sorely missed. (He's a guitarist's guitarist and has some provocative twists to his playing that positively contrast my style.) Thankfully, Jay's Dad Steven Lusardi joined us on piano, my old pal Ben Feld hopped on the organ, and Matt Lott showed up with his horns to help us through. I'll describe it as a loose, jazzy lounge set with occasional rock outbursts.There is a certain irony self evident throughout the performance. The set starts with my coworker Erik Wood roasting me quite effectively and mocks my new age blues sound as a betrayal of my pop metal origins. This turns into audible prophecy as we have to change up the set for a looser, jazzier vibe in order to play off the cuff with the guys sitting in. To me the sound is very quintessential Jersey Shore Sound - sentimental, emotional, and at times jubilant and bombastic.It was actually an emotional evening for me as this club was the last place I ever played live with my old band Phantom's Opera in 1992. Sadly the founder of that band, Jack Young died in 2008 and his presence was sorely missed that night." Colie Brice 8/18/11
I'll keep it simple.This music sounds as if Wayne Krantz was morphed into the body of Stevie Ray Vaughan.Hopefully this short review helps a few of you.;)
Not your everyday blues guitarist, but he's a smokin' player with a great backing band. He plays a unique style of blues with a twist of  fusion thrown in.
I love standards and bought this album because of its "Sing, Sing, Sing" track, which is my favorite arrangement because it has more depth. Ms. K has a lovely voice, so perfect for those times when you want something serene, even on up tempo songs. She doesn't oversing, I just wish there was a little bit more power behind her vocals. However, I am glad I bought the album as it has several tracks I'll be adding to my Standards playlist.Along with Sing, Sing, Sing, I also liked Route 66, Misty (which seems to fit the understated accompaniment better than some of the other tracks), I've Got a Feeling You're Fooling and Kiss the Boys Goodbye. This last was another great example of where the low key arrangements work well. I Only Have Eyes for You is slow and melancholy, as it should be. Perhaps, Perhaps, Perhaps is good and shows off her voice well. You Brought a New Kind of Love will probably end up as another favorite - great vocals, great pacing, great arrangement and accompaniment.I wish I liked Love Me or Leave Me better - it is a great song but felt it lacked a little punch. Black Coffee is a tough one as the KD Lang version remains my favorite, but this is one is pretty good. Hello Ma, I Done it Again is upbeat and fun, but another one where I wish the production had a little more power. Relax Max didn't do much for me.Overall, the album is good and I'm curious as to what Ms, Kaprilian will do in the future. I wish the Amazon site had more background information on her - it looks like she's relatively new and it would be nice to know more about her. Based on this album, I'd probably buy whatever she does next.
Relaxing,  mind relasing, soothing, catchy, and just fun to listen too as I read, do housework or write.  I enjoy the CD
This Kollektion of music is exactly what the title suggests; Groove Jazz N Chill with emphasis on the CHILL. Very relaxing music that isn't boring or elevator music. Great listening and mood music with your significant other, Get this you'll know the right time to play it.
Not an aficionado of Billy May and his many accomplishments but this is worth a listen to lounge, mid century mod, exotica type fans. It could be a part of those collectors files. Just sayin'..Up to the listener.
In all honesty, I'm not usually a fan of poetry read to jazz. It either comes off as hackneyed beat poetry or New Age-y treacle. But this disc by Portland poet Wheatfall has captured my attention. His deep voice is expressive and powerful, and his delivery is just plain cool. Using pianist Ramsey Embick as a backdrop for his phrasing, Wheatfall recites in styles ranging from walking swing ("The Wild Woods") to gospel-ish preaching ("I Understand You") to Latin ballads. All the while, his earnest delivery keeps things interesting and his words engaging. Embick is a perfect choice, due to his versatility and expert playing. Saxophonist Noah Peterson provides the backing on a couple of tunes, adding an urban honk to Wheatfall's punchy poetry. The one that goes nearly over the sappy line is "I Loved You Once," with both Embick and Peterson playing soft and pretty behind a love poem. Luckily, Wheatfall's words are smart enough to keep metaphors above the basal love meanings. I wish they had included the poetry in the sparse liner notes, but for fans of poetry and jazz, this is one of the better combos I've heard. 2011, Peterson Entertainment, 18 minutes.
great album
Nice! Fantastic! Awesome! #winning My favs: More of You, Grateful, Let Us Worship, Trust In God, Love Like This. She is a true worshiper and her voice is a gift from God!! #teamJesus #tfop
I listened to Frank Strozier when both of us were young -- the music still holds up and I recommend it to anyone who likes straight ahead saxophone -- Strozier is the real deal!
I was delighted to find Spotlight on Sidemen available. When Ted Heath was concentrating on recording jazz, in this era their wasn't a big band anywhere that could better produce such a clean, crisp sound and still swing like crazy. Every time I listen to this session I marvel at how cohesive and well rehearsed this band was. I still haven't ever heard a better renditrion of &#34;Love for Sale&#34;....worth the price of the CD.
For all their heft and presence in the culture and the marketplace, Christmas albums have often been a treacly, saccharine, sometimes one-dimensional affair. The holiday songbook has its old reliables, and precious little's been done to advance either our appreciation of what they've been, or the possibilities of what they could become in imaginative hands.Such eye-browing curiosities as "The Little Drummer Boy" performed by Bing Crosby and David Bowie, for example, get our attention precisely because of how they depart from the orthodoxy of expectation.Lisa B has always charted her own path. First gaining acclaim as a Bay Area poet, she used poetics as a springboard to the more universal realm of music. But her poetry wasn't a way station on the journey. In her previous releases going back 15 years, she brought poetics forward, weaving free verse into her music, both her own songs -- a smorgasbord of jazz, funk and jazz -- and those of that holiday songbook, some of it explored, in her singular style, on her latest album.The album opens with "Christmas Time Is Here," the Vince Guaraldi evergreen that we remember from "A Charlie Brown Christmas," that "Peanuts" TV special of our childhoods. Lisa B, performing with Jim Gardiner, her capable Swiss Army knife of an instrumentalist, offers a reading that's less desolate, somehow, than versions by Diana Krall and Patti Austin. Gardiner's contributions here lend this version more aural depth, even while staying true to the song's basic introspective essence.The second track, the Hebrew hymn "Hine Ma Tov," is a clever counter to the Christmas-dominated music in the air (and rightly so -- it is Hanukkah, you know).  Sandwiched between two Christmas classics, it's a showcase for Lisa B's upper register, a clever nod to the need for diversity of holidays at this time of year.Other tracks similarly ping-pong between the familiar and the lesser-known. "My Favorite Things" gets its propers as Lisa returns to one of her acknowledged favorite songs, and a holiday chestnut if there ever was one. She handles the song's calisthenic lyrics with aplomb, adding her own impromptu lyrics (a poet's prerogative, one supposes).She does her version of "Miracle," a Hanukah song first recorded by the Hasidic reggae artist Matisyahu. "There's so many Christmas songs out there, I wanted to give the Jewish kids something to be proud of," the composer observes on his Web site. It's this spirit of equal time that Lisa B taps into in a performance way more subdued than Matisyahu's driving, hip-hop powered version, but one fully suited to the calmer rhythms of the holidays (Christmas and Hanukkah)."Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" swings with a jazzy flavor, powered by Adam Shulman, whose piano sometimes conveys a gentle dissonance that contrasts refreshingly with the song's fundamentally upbeat vibe.Donny Hathaway's "This Christmas" gets a treatment. While not a standard on the Irving Berlin level, it's been recorded by everyone from Harry Connick Jr. to Chris Brown. Lisa B's version bubbles at the steady romantic simmer Hathaway suggests in the 1970 original.And Lisa B wields her talent for mixmastering musical styles in "Holiday in Oakland," a paean to her California hometown that combines midtempo funk with a lyric tribute to some of Oaktown's musical heroes.Lisa B isn't for everyone. While she revels in the spontaneity of the jazz ensemble (an improvisational parallel to poetry) and the playfulness of funk, her voice, trained and tuned, is more a classical instrument. Her sound has ripened over 15 years of recording and performance, gaining a maturity and uniqueness that's nothing like the voices du jour that crowd the airwaves. She's not the pop chanteuse of thismonent, a singer bringing more energy than chops to the table.Hearing her perform these holiday classics and the others, it's clear how that maturity has helped her. You're aware of a situational emotionalism, of her ability to express feelings based on the particulars of the lyrics, rather than using her voice as the template for expression. Not all Christmas holiday songs are created equal. Just listen to her smoldery version of "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" You're struck by her command of range and diction, even while she not-so-sneakily conveys the sexier possibilities of a snowbound holiday."Christmas Time Is Here" is its own full-on embrace of the holiday spirit, but we don't just get the usual yuletide suspects. Lisa B brings creativity and a refreshing ecumenical sensibility to the Christmas-dominated holiday season. But even in her performances of the standards we recognize, there's invention and promise worth a second listen. Or a third. Or ...
The ability to purchase the music of my favorite artists for less has made my day (or night).Thank u Amazon
So "Chainsmoke" is the debut album from Gold, also known as Goldini Bagwell, of Sandpeople. "One tenth of the dapper mob" says Mr. Bagwell on the second track "Bagwell". Now for those of you who don't know this I am a huge Sandpeople fan. In my opinion they are some of the most original MC's in the game right now. And their connection with the fans is amazing. Alright let's get into this.Gold is something extremely different when it comes to emceeing. You never know what to expect when the next song starts playing because his flow and delivery are so diverse, it's almost to the point where he's making the beat follow him, not the other way around. Which is something very few MC's can accomplish. The only issue I find with Gold is he's not very commanding. I found myself zoning out in my own thoughts every now and then, but the more times I played the album the more I was able to adjust. Because you will need to adjust. If you don't follow along with him then you are bound to get lost. He's very complex. Gold's lyricism, like most of the Sandpeople crew, is excellent. Which is something I really look for in Hip Hop. I love a MC with dope lyricism.The production is done by a producer from Finland, Pmpee Beats. And let me say the production on this is top notch! He has this kind of classical element to it, but at the same time it can be very bass-y in some songs. He's definitely a producer with the potential to do big things, and I would love to see the Sandpeople crew do more work with him.There were a few things that really made me go "what was he thinking". The Kanye sample in "Wmn Vs Wrk". I loved the sample, but they repeated it just a couple times to many. (It was from his verse on Dilated Peoples "This Way" off their "Neighborhood Watch" album, back when Kanye was dope.) And OnlyOne's verse on "More Than High". Now I love OnlyOne, he brings that certain edge to the group that really balances the whole vibe. Usually, in my opinon, his best verses are the one's that he's featured on (Debaser's "Stem" - wow!) but his verse is extremely corny. Which makes me wonder why Gold let him keep it, and not redo it. I also didn't see the reasoning for the remix of "Bagwell" at the end of the album. It threw off the whole vibe of the last track "Outro (Exhale)"Standout Songs: "Tenure (Feat. IAME)" & "Chainsmoke (Feat. John Craig)"Overall Score: 8/10 - This is an excellent debut. Gold shows off his skills, and proves why he is in Sandpeople in the first place. The production is beautiful, the lyricism is crazy, and the overall vibe is great. If he would've just changed those couple of things it would've got a slightly better score. Can't wait to hear more from this Portland MC.
I've seen some reviews of this album elsewhere that pan it for having catchy melodies... As if prog is supposed to be unapproachable or something.Anyway, this isn't the most original album ever, but it's still pretty fresh and it does a great job of joining guitar crunch with great lead guitar lines.  It has a great balance that so many artists fail to achieve.The album is almost entirely instrumental but there are a couple vocal parts in it.  There are also a couple hokey bits with some silly dog barking sample or something, but for the most part it's really quite solid.
Recently a friend of mine who lives in the Chicago area played this...and I fell in love with it.  Its the sound, music, the feel when I listen to it that blows me away. Romantic, sultry, sexy...all that and a bag of chips!!  LOL  Is there a CD that I can buy???
Even more music from the original LP from the Sixties! Would prefer the old Washington Square LP cover! Enjoy them all!
I heard one song from this group the day before I purchased this album. The song was "Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport" and their interpretation of it was simply delightful. I then listened to each of the songs clips here and decided to get the whole album.The music makes you want to get up and dance and just have fun. Give it a listen and if this is your kind of music you'll be just as sold as I was.
If you're looking for an album of musical Christmas cheer, you could do a lot worse than this one.  All of the songs are wonderful duets, and remind me of the kind of music I used to hear on TV Christmas specials years ago.  Some of the tunes really stick in my head afterwards, especially Marshmallow World.  A couple of the songs include a little humorous banter between the two singers, which I enjoyed as well.  I have no regrets, so if you're at all interested I recommend you give it a try.
America's favorite undocumented anchorman teams up with equally talented Jessica Martin for a gay old time singing about Christmas and St. Nick.
On the face of it, a vibraphone, a double-bass and a slide guitar don't sound like a great combination on which to form a band. But it works amazingly well with these three guys. The sound is different and positive - a refreshing change from the usual, the expected. Can't prove it, but I think you can hear how much they actually like playing together. This is music you and a couple of your best friends would make outside on a summer evening. Tracks are smooth, light and decidedly something like you've never heard before.
Dheepa Chari - Some New Fashion (Independent)I must admit I'm always excited to find a talented new jazz vocalist. Dheepa Chari grew up in Dallas, studied vocal performance at Southern Methodist University and then moved to New York where she directed an acapella group at Columbia University. Her debut EP, "On 4th Street", released in late 2010, garnered serious attention in the jazz world, as will, I'm sure, her new collection "Some New Fashion".  Its 11 tracks sound utterly contemporary and her small but gifted band make the most of the diverse range of songs, with brave and intuitive arrangements that project a variety of styles, from blues to swing.She launches here debut long-player with the Duke Ellington penned "Rocks in My Bed", with erstwhile support from keyboard maestro Marc Gaston, and a smattering of New Orleans trumpet. It's an incredibly strong opening tune, which she follows just as notably with Luiz Bonfa's bossa nova standard "Black Orpheus", from the 1959 Brazilian movie of the same name. The song selection shows a genuine desire to explore different forms of songwriting and the application of Chari's distinct method upon seemingly unrelated styles, from Paul McCartney's wonderful "Here, There, and Everywhere" to Lane and Harburg's "Old Devil Moon". It works so well for a number of reasons, but most of all, the band always plays to Chari's strengths, leaving her tremendous amounts of space to perform, but without sacrificing their own virtuosity.
Carl's Iguana - Un Tut Sut (Independent)Taking their name from a snippet of dialogue from Tina Fey's "Baby Mama" movie, Carl's Iguana is a quartet from Charlotte, NC (incidentally, there's no iguana or anyone called Carl in the band). Their album "Un Tut Sut" is mostly instrumental, when a voice is heard on "Woman in Outer Space", it's not so much a song, but more a vocal effect to compliment to John Burns' cavernous dub basslines. It's not a wholly representative track, but then, no individual track truly is. They're experimentalists, exploring less travelled musical paths, but providing excellent entertainment on route.If we must pigeonhole them, then they seem happy with the `acid jazz' moniker, though they must be aware that it tells only a fraction of their story. For example, the jaunty European folk-jazz approach utilised on "Into the Window Like Sugar" is followed immediately by "Diggle", a track that Chris Wood might have brought to Traffic's "John Barleycorn" album - and just so you know, that's a sizeable compliment. "Sunstroke" with its heavy, heavy organ, courtesy of Chris Steude, is tailor made for the opening theme of the grooviest cop movie ever made. In fact someone should make the movie just so they can use the music. When they play it straight on the final track, the all too short "Blue Spot", its smoky, after-hours vibe provides a perfect conclusion.
It's been nearly seven years since I reviewed Jordan Tice's "No Better Place" album (Patuxent CD-0126).Is the young guitarist still presenting an enjoyable, highly-arranged instrumental elixir? Has he further refined his style? Has he become even more seasoned, mature, and exceptional than he was back then as a young high school grad? Or is he now experiencing a seven-year itch and moving on to other things? Happily, I can report that the sonic alchemist still conveys abundant character and individualism in his original music. His 2005 album included an illustrious cast of guests who were given plenty of opportunities to strut their stuff. I understand that his 2008 "Long Story" album also included an all-star cast.Now, Jordan Tice Trio's "The Secret History" project paints its musical canvas with only Tice's guitar, Simon Chrisman's hammered dulcimer, and Paul Kowert's upright bass. All three new acoustic pioneers display technically impressive moxie throughout the eight tracks. I hear fewer direct influences from folk, bluegrass, and jazz idioms that Tice explored in his early days as a player with Gary Ferguson and Sally Love, and bluegrass bands like "Foxes on the Run" and "Blue Light Special." Instead, the trio's music now takes on a unique personality all its own. "The Secret History" ebbs and flows like the tide, with dynamics that advance and then recede. Will the 5-7 minute tunes be given their fair due with adequate radio airplay? I certainly hope so!Jordan Tice received a full scholarship to attend Towson State University. A 2009 graduate with a degree in music composition, he now makes his home in Boston. His tone, timing, balance, rhythm and execution are extraordinary. He drives the original music with dynamic pronunciation, and the interplay of Chrisman and Kowert with him is phenomenal. On tunes like "Duet" and "Death and Spiders," Kowert's moaning low-end sounds almost ominous, and that may take a little getting used to. You might even adjust the equalization on your playing device. Yet he is always right on the money with his bass notes, whether plucked or bowed. A 2009 graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music, Kowert lives in New York and tours with Punch Brothers (featuring Chris Thile). Simon Chrisman has followed his muse by relocating from the northwest to Boston. Making a name for himself as a distinctive, evocative dulcimer player, he also tours with The Bee Eaters and Jeremy Kittel Band.Collaboratively, the Jordan Tice Trio members are very well-suited and supportive of each other.  It takes skill to flawlessly execute one's own unique style while still presenting a tasteful, balanced, coherent, meaningful group sound.  Tice once said the best way to understand bluegrass is just to "listen to it." Close listening, reflection and study are good advice for this instrumental release, as well. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Report)
After several passes through this collection, I've come to seriously enjoy the lively, quality compositions.  The foundation, or mind-set, is straight jazz, but venturing at same time into the temptations and satisfying indulgences of blues, rock and funk.
Jazz and acid jazz fans are going to be thrilled with what MrR does on Sonoran Sunset. There are a lot of wonderful elements to the music he creates. Even the longer tracks that go on over six minutes don't feel that way thanks to the dynamic arrangements and excellent performances across the board. MrR has taken a fantastic approach to the jazz genre and is a percussive force to be reckoned with.
Kirk Whalum does it again. This is one talented gentleman. I love this CD. It's perfect for a romantic evening with that special someone and it truly does soothe the soul. The vocals are great, too! You won't be disappointed if you are a Kirk Whalum fan.
I love the cd, but would like it better if it was just the instrumental music.  Too much trying to sing.
I've always loved Della's voice in gospel music and it's great to hear her in classic favorites of jazz in stella!
Saw this the other night when setting up my new kindle! This was an original ABC Records release back in 1966. It's one of those old type "living room party" concerts that used to be done from what I can gather and the guests were basically friends and a few professionals (instruments, DJ's etc. that all knew Della) - Not a list of overly recognizable songs unless you're a real jazz/blues fan, but Della put her own spin on these songs as she has done with everything she's ever done! That's what makes Della one of a kind!!
How'd I miss this one.  Just happened to be searching for some sweet sounding sax and found just the thing! Hard to pick a favorite but if I was forced to do so...Is It A Crime?! The sound is so crisp and clear just perfect for a special evening!
I am big fan of Namjoo's Sonatiha album, and all albums after really didn't sit well with me with an exception of few song.This album made me like him again and It's good. (and one of his best album covers so far ;) )
Love Thisbe's sultry and soothing voice.  I could listen to her all day!It's nice to hear a young jazz singer!
Love listening to this jazz music while surfing the net and reading on my Kindles!  Very relaxing and has a nice beat.  Highly recommend!  :-))
I consider myself fortunate to have discovered the CHILL sounds of artist from all around the world..hopefully more music lovers will open their hearts and discover the never-ending pool of great music available from around the world!!!!
This is good music to listen to at work, at home while relaxing, or as background music when having company over.
I can't say enough about this collection of EASY DOES IT smooth jazz collection. If you like laid back JAZZ you will love this collection.
I really enjoy the hard charging, yet melodic sounds that the artists produce.  The variation of musical instrumentation is like delighting in a carefully crafted dish, you savor the variety.
Hiroshima puts it all out there for all to see and hear...I say see because you can visualize the journey they're taking you on as well as hear. They awaken all your senses and imagination, awaiting the next vivit.
I have been a fan of Hiroshima (the Jazz Group)for over 25 years.Their Blend of Light Jazz with alittle Koto harp, Taiko percussion,and flute,always helps take the edge off a crappy long day.They are great live as well.This newest group of tunes is right in the mix of what they do best.You can find all their music on Amazon, where it's getting hard to findout in public music stores.
I enjoy my recharging time by reading a good book, with a glass of good wine, and, of course listening to this fusion jazz group Hiroshima, talented musicians that they are, their compilations are very refreshing in today's hectic world. If I could use two words to descibe this album they would be peace and relaxation. This album is worth the investment. Little price, big return. Enjoy.
found this really easy to listen to and very pleasing as not heard of before recommend to anyone who is into lounge type music
A steady stream of classics from south of the Mason-Dixon line. Saucy slide trombones and lots of oompah. Brassy and upbeat! Can't keep a smile off your face when listening to these gems!
I WAS INTERESTED IN AQUIRING A DIXIELAND JAZZ COLLECTION.  THIS ALBUM FIT THE BILL JUST FINE.  IT IS NICE TO BE ABLE TO GO TO AMAZON.COM AND FIND JUST WHAT YOU WANT.
Nice mix of songs, I will be buying more from this collection. Nice to find new music that I would not have otherwise discovered.
I have mellowed in my years and enjoy listening to instrumentals and songs that I can understand the words. With that said I still expect an album/CD not to put me to sleep or want me to overthrow the government. Kool&Klean III does a great job, along with other 2 prior volumes of keeping an upbeat song without resorting to bubble gum like tunes or bass induced throbbing refrains. All joking aside I like this Album/CD and I consider this series a sleeper. Buy them all, I did.
I had seen this CD after purchasing I and II on a recommendation for Hardcastle fans. Which I might is a good recommendation for Paul Hardcastle fans.
Mae West might have been a campy actress, her voice while singing proves that point.  Great for parties and gags.  If you remember Mrs (Alva) Miller from the late sixties Mae West followed suite.Not something you would use every day but a great buy.
This is a fun CD to listen to and the quality is very good consider it is from the 20s.
Your great-grandparents weren't as upright as your mama and pappy want you to believe, kids.  Nowadays, we'd consider these songs mildly cute--but back in the day it was scandalous to have a young lady singing she wants to be bad. This CD is a lot of fun. Well-produced. Cleaned up audio. Cute lyrics (nowadays). Whether you play the Ukelele, like to hear big band arrangements from the 20s, or just want to see what your grandparents and great-grandparents might have been listening to, you'll enjoy this CD. Recommended.
This made a great Xmas gift for my husband!
I heard Avalon on the Sampler. And liked it. Thought the album might work well for driving music. Complex enough to be interesting while not demanding analysis in depth. Help keep me from frothing and biting the steering wheel while driving around here. Found I'm playing it all the time for no other reason than I like it. Hell, I even looked up Vibraphone to find out how the damn things work. Yeah, these guys have seen this music before, and they have thought about how they want it to sound. Fine work. Play the samples. You might be surprised. Pleasantly.
Mary continues to challenge the artist within, the consummate painter, singer, sculptor, author that avoided the limelight for so many decades. Her life has been filled with great joy and deep sorrow.  She has given to her family, to her friends.  And this sincere and charitable life experience manifests in her voice, particularly in Mood Indigo.  This is my favorite song on the album, one of the best blues song covers of the past decade. Duke Ellington and Irving Mills would be delighted to hear this rendition of their 1930's jazz standard.  Mary's horn player accentuates the melancholy production with great skill and feeling.  This is an excellent choice for her album which fits her sultry voice perfectly, and which she sings skillfully and professionally.
Loved the cover of the album. Also felt the songs held a lot of emotion and many told a story. Lots of mixing of styles. Overall I'd give this album an "A" !
Clfford's guitar styling is superb, and comparable to George Benson. This Caribbean youth has a place in any jazz enthusiast's collection. It's smooth and relaxing, making it also ideal for background to a romantic dinner.
Kevins' latest musical offering is a "soundtrack" to his, yet to be released, comic book, I mean graphic novel. 20 years ago or so, I probably would have been looking forward to his fictitious take on the origins of angels, and the ensuing battles that it will no doubt portray, but these days, just give me some good music, and I'm a happy camper.FOA Side 1 is basically a 5 song ep of covers. Although parts of the album are dragged out, and a bit indulgent, taken as a soundtrack, I think it succeeds, as background music, used to invoke emotion, or convey tension etc. while someone is reading his novel, mission accomplished. But, since I have no current plans to read FOA, I am mre concerned at its' ability to delight my ears, what sonic enjoyment am I going to get from this project?Kevin Max is no stranger to the cover song, often with mixed results. His versions of Dylans' When He Returns, and Queens' Save Me are nothing short of brilliant, while his takes on Cohens' Hallelujah, and Kansas' Carry On Wayward Son fell short. On FOA Kevin takes on songs by Queen, Muse, Real Life, Joy Division and himself.  If you enjoyed Kevins' Exorcist single, there is a good chance you will enjoy this project. Though this album is a "cover" album, most of the songs have taken on a new persona on this project.The project starts off with a reworked, and almost unrecognisable version of Real Lifes' Send Me An Angel. It's a bit of a risky move to take on such a distinct song and change it so much, but he does, and for the most part he succeeds. It took me several listens to get the original version out of mind when listening, but once I was able to do that, I was able to enjoy this take, on the classic 80's pop song. Gone are the over the top catchy synth hooks and infectious chorus, as Kevin has replaced them with a haunting tension, and sense of urgency. Once you can let go of the original version, you will be free to enjoy this successful reworking.Next Kevin Max takes on ... Kevin max. A quite enjoyable demo version of  End Of The Beginning has been floating around on the Internet since the Stereotype Be days. Although this version is enjoyable, I found the over the top production a bit distracting from what is simply a good song. But, once again, if the purpose here is "soundtrack" as opposed to hit song, or pop single, I think he succeeds.If you are looking for gloom and doom creed, what better place to go then Joy Division? As End Of the Beginning comes to a close, it effortlessly moves into a cover of Joy Divisions' Shadowplay. This would have been a good one for Kevin to get the guitars out on, gone are the catchy bass line and sloppy guitar work that made this song what it was. Since it seems to really only share lyrics and vocal styling with the original, it is hard to compare the two, but it does fit in well with the mood and ambiance that Kevin seems to be trying to inspire with this project.Kevin has showed in the past that he has the chops to take on a Queen song, as very few can. His cover of Save Me was spot on, one of those rare moments in music where everything clicks, and falls in place. I think Mr. Mercury himself would have given an enthusiastic thumbs up on that one. On FOA Kevin takes on Queen gain. He goes back to The Game to do a cover of Dragon Attack. Out of the 5 tracks on this project, this is the one I was most excited to hear, but it has turned out to be the most disappointing track on FOA for me. Just about everything that made this a great tune is missing here, gone is the infectious, and unmistakable bass line, gone is the tension between rock vocals and thumping music, gone is Brian Mays' guitar wizardry, instead they are replaced by synthetic string arrangements, and spoken poetry. Aside from my disappointment of the musical interpretation of this song, I am a bit confused at the lyrical connection here as well. I can see how the other tracks fit into the angelic world that Kevin is creating with a small stretch of the imagination. Dragon attack, as far as I can tell is about drugs, am I wrong? do I read to much into it? Even as a kid in grade school, when I first received this album, I figured it was about drugs. Is he taking a song about drugs and trying to make it about the devil or the "dragon", I guess that's why he starts reading poetry over the music, to try and connect the song. I'm not sure, but I would have to say this one was a fail for me, sorry Kevin.Last is Kevins' version of Take A Bow by Muse. Out of all the tracks here, this one is the closest to the original. The layered keyboards, hypnotic tempo, and haunting lyrics make this song successful. Musically it's right on par with the original, but vocally Kevin takes the song to new heights. Although this track moves away the least from the original, it is probably my favorite track on this project, and a smart choice for the first single.Overall FOA Side:1 succeeds as a soundtrack. Kevin creates atmosphere and mood through music, vocals, and lyrics, you can let your ears take you into another realm, the realm of angels. As individual tracks, some are hit and miss, and you'll be able to find at least a few gems on this project.FOA side:2 looks promising as well. You can catch a taste of it on YouTube where his cover of Bowies' Scary Monsters can be seen and heard. It sounds very promising.One final note... What's with the cover of FOA? Kevin you are too old for the Twilight poses ... sorry.This review originally appeared at Blogger Volumetuous.
Artist: Rita LimAlbum: The Secret Of LifeReview by Matthew ForssThe laid-back, easy listening style of Rita Lim is captured eloquently on The Secret Of Life.  The LA-born singer draws inspiration from bossa nova, jazz, pop standards, and classical ambiances. The fifteen tracks contain original and cover tunes with Rita's own carefree singing style that is as effortless as a gentle wind blowing thru swaying palm leaves.  Rita's duties as singer, arranger, and producer showcase a range of talents."Secret O' Life" opens with a few lazy, piano notes that wax and wane between twinkling sounds of a delicate touch and a richer sound with a jazzy, lounge feel.  Rita's relaxing voice leads the song with a little brushy percussion indicative of a classy jazz song from the 1950s or earlier.  The lack of additional instrumentation or vocals does not produce a boring result.  Rita's vocals are relatively fluid, but not smoky overall.  In fact, the vocals resemble the female singers from The Corrs.  At any rate, the James Taylor cover song ends with a twinkling, metallic sound that is quite dreamy and magical."Lazy Afternoon" begins with a cackling of shore birds and ocean waves crashing ashore.  The waves are interrupted by metallic chimes, breezy percussion, sparkling piano tones, and Rita's lackadaisical delivery.  The song contains a jazzy, bossa nova segment with lively euphonium or xylophone-like tones, which give the song a slightly Brazilian tinge.  The music is instrumentally-entertaining with a few symphonic washes, twinkling tones, and Rita's characteristic vocals that are aided by other back-up vocals."So Many Stars" is a Sergio Mendes song that opens with a sparkling set of xylophone tones and a jaunty percussion with a pop standard melody and classy rhythm section.  The bossa nova ambiance of the previous track is still very evident throughout.  Sweeping piano notes and a cruise-ship atmosphere is at the forefront of this song, but it is not a negative.  Rita solidifies a jazzy/pop structure with vocals that are not strained or unnecessary."Till There Was You" opens with bird chirps and a jazzy piano opening.  Rita's soothing and swaying vocals lead the charge.  The bird chirps appear throughout the song.  Light percussion accompanies the piano and vocals.  A scintillating and delicately-played acoustic guitar provides a little island presence, but the song is firmly rooted in mainland charm.  The song ends with bird chirps.  The bird sounds may be a little intrusive, but they set the calming mood of the song without too much interference."Cry Anymore" opens with a jingly keyboard beat, pop percussion, and a Madonna-esque vocal line.  The back-up vocals add another musical dimension to the musical melee.  The steady beat is not a dance beat, but the song is more aligned with alternative pop elements that mirror the music of the 1980s or early 90s.  The nostalgic song is a departure from the other jazz and pop standard-infused gems.  Whether it is a ballad, pop song, or alternative song, "Cry Anymore" is nothing to cry about.The fifteen songs represent a mix of jazz, pop standard, alternative pop, and lounge music with a nostalgic and classy side.  Rita's fluid vocals border on Susan Aglukark and Madonna.  The retro feel of a few songs were largely original tunes that clearly separated themselves from the rest of the songs.  Even though many of the songs were originally written by John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Cole Porter, James Taylor, Sergio Mendes, and others, Rita manages to pull it all together with good vocals, piano sounds, and jazzy percussion.  Fans of laid-back, alt-pop or jazz will find The Secret Of Life to be a welcome addition to any music library.Review by Matthew ForssRating: 4 Stars (out of 5)
I'm not quite sure when people find the time to listen to things like this, but as far as accessible, yet avant garde mood pieces go, it's quite beautiful and stimulating. The aesthetic parameters, playing this pice by the ocean in some dance hall with all the windows and doors open, really make it interesting. The music moves from the delicate, to the abstract, to pretty, to the atonal - all the while the piano is drenched in reverb from the cavernous space and is sometimes drowned out by the soothing sounds of waves, wind and people walking by. I liked it a lot and I'll play it sometime late at night or in the dark.
I reviewed the first CD - a live concert recording - by this Washington, DC based group in October 2010 (It was titled "Symphony Lounge") and really enjoyed it. This is their latest and - generally - I'm enjoying it as much. To save time here, I'll repeat some of my previous comments on the band here.Obviously the Washington, DC based band Chaise Lounge (with five jazz musicians and one dynamite female lead vocalist) have heard of the Portland-based band Pink Martini. Their style of vocals and "vocalese" is similar and their leader, guitarist, Charlie Barnett has composed 9 of the 12 songs on this disc (much like PM's Thomas Lauderdale). Lead vocalist Marilyn Older has a style much like PM's China Forbes. But, hey, there's plenty of great music to go around and now we have band on each coast!Barnett does write some catchy stuff and you'll find yourself hitting the "repeat" button after hearing "Houdini" - a catchy song using the famous escape artist as a metaphor for leaving a bad relationship. I like the title track a lot too.It's the "cover songs" that I found the only weakness on this CDs tune selection. Last time they covered the theme from "A Man and a Woman" (which I thought wore out its welcome. This time it's "Bali Ha'i", the Rodgers & Hammerstein chestnut from "South Pacific". Sure it's "lounge music" but it's been played too much (IMHO). The other odd "cover" is Bobbie Gentry's "Ode To Billy Joe". It seemed out of place here and changes the mood set by the previous track. They do a clever cover of Yip Harburg's "If I Only Had a Brain" (Wizard of Oz) and that worked fine.The instrumental breaks are well done too with the rhythm section getting some solos and duets.I enjoyed this album, which is probably flying under the radar. I commented last time that I wanted to hear them in a studio setting, rather than the concert hall. Now that I've heard this CD, I have to say I think it makes a better album. And, except for the two covers I've mentioned above, I'd give this album five stars.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Multi-national band SONISK BLODBAD started out as a Norwegian duo that made their debut with the single "Blue Room" in 2011. Since then they have expanded in members and nationalities both, and it is as a foursome they released their initial album "Dark Spring" in March 2012 on what appears to be their own label: Inner Robotic Records.The music of Sonisk Blodbad comes in two different flavours if this album can be trusted as evidence: Either dark and ominous or sad and mournful. One exception aside the style is an electronic one, with ambient and cinematic as descriptive keywords. Not ambient as in Gandalf and Vangelis, but rather ambient as in the complete opposite of what these artists normally produce. Vangelis has touched upon similar atmospheres on occasion admittedly, first and foremost when he crafted the soundtrack for Blade Runner, but Sonisk Blodbad's excursions are of a substantially different nature even so.The opening four pieces are the darkest one by this outfit, at least so far. The resonating, oscillating and otherwise computer and machine like sounds of "Sonisk Blodbad" not directly so perhaps, but due to a swirling recurring sound that made me recall classic computer game Paradroid I got the dark mood by association on this one. But from "Somewhere Along the Line" through "Det Er Ingen Teatertriks" we're treated to a trio of tracks that embrace the dark side of ambient oriented electronic music. And brilliantly so I might add. The most impressive amidst these twinkling black gems "Koffr Svikta Du", a remixed version of "Varf&ouml;r Svek Du" that appear later on. This remixed edition opens with the subtly fluctuating light toned synth motif of the original piece, slowly invaded and taken over by a succession of darker, twisted and eerie sounds that manage to create an almost frightening atmosphere. Despite nothing really dramatic taking place. An unnerving audio experience if you like, and as far as ambient music goes this is stuff that will inspire to nightmares. The brooding, mournful creations before and after are perfect companion pieces to such an excursion, encapsulating the opening half of this production in an almost oppressive yet compelling dark electronic coating.Title track "Dark Spring" kicks of a somewhat less intense part of this production, where minimalistic constructions that are less oppressive and somewhat lighter in spirit are given room. Not that any of them are bright and positive, but the mood associations are limited to those of sadness and mourning now, at least to my ears, and the brooding, ominous undercurrents and effects are used less extensively if at all. Easier to enjoy compositions, and easiest of them all, arguably, is the remixed version of their previous single "Blue Room". In this version sporting dance friendly rhythms and a distinct development towards a 1970's inspired psychedelic rock expression as far as style is concerned. But this track is the exception on this half of "Dark Spring", the other pieces more distinct and thorough exercises within a minimalistic context. The tile track itself is an interesting one, a subtly fragmented sad cinematic journey backed by light toned bird-like sounds. But also a creation that given a lighter tonal range and violins rather than synthesizers most likely would have been experienced as vibrant and joyful.If you're in the mood for an album of mostly dark ambient music, ranging from the sad and mournful to the ominous and somewhat oppressive mood-wise, Sonisk Blodbad is a band to get more familiar with. And their debut "Dark Spring" is a quality evidence of just how far removed from new age electronic music can be whilst still maintaining a cinematic, mostly melodic expression.My rating: 85/100
I had originally planned to just buy the single "My Eyes" but the samples pulled me in.  Everyone that I share the album with are equally impressed with it.
I couldn't wait to get this CD because I wanted to hear what it was about. It is very soothing and a good CD to put in when your with someone special. I did think it was pretty long and some songs repeated and I thought it had started over again. I brought a copy for a friend because when they heard it they really liked it also.
Did you like "Deeper"? Well then you are going to love this CD. When I first heard Belasco I thought it was a Marvin Gaye that I did not know. Rather it was a white singer! Prejudiced? Well just close your eyes because your mind will see a singer of a different color. Nonetheless, Belasco may well be the most satisfying soul singer out there. Just like Deeper, every song knocks it out of the park. And you certainly get your money's worth with 14 tracks. The only reason for 4 stars is that most of the tracks are in the same groove. But if you are this good at this one thing, then why change? Highly recommended.
A smooth album to play from start to finish even if it is somewhat one dimensional at least its a great dimension.
This is the music that was popular when my grandparents were young.  The quality of the audio is far below modern standards, but still good enough that you can listen to and appreciate the music.The music of this era does not have the variety of later decades.  The tempo is surprisingly quick - Charleston type beat - and relentlessly 4:4.  It does not have much subtlety, syncopation and suchnot.  African Americans became a presence in American popular music around the 1930s, so their mark is not noticed in the earlier of these tunes.Good tunes and lyrics seem to have staying power.  Some of the titles I recognize are "Beautiful Dreamer," "Makin' Whoopee!" "Singin' in the Rain," "Let a smile be your umbrella" and "Dream a little dream of me."  It is interesting to contrast the original with later renditions, in the latter case that of the Mamas and Papas.Bottom line - buy this and listen to it a few times just for the education.  The music is pleasant and different, though it is unlikely to make you give up more modern recordings.
it is a shame that the wonderful, truly great music on this album wasn't given the recording studio and quality it deserved. it sounds overdriven, boosted. hiss and static pops up in several songs.if the artistic merit of the music wasn't as high, i'd be so upset about the poor recording quality that i'd give it a single star. but i still enjoy it, and hope the artist truly gets the recording studio and expertise he deserves...
Ruben Blades is an old time favorite, from the FANIA days, they don't come any better his music is of the Story teller.
ALL ARE WORTH BUYING GREAT SMOOTH JAZZ. KEEP THEM COMING AND MORE NEW CDS THANKS WILL BUY AGAIN THANKS ALOT MIKE.
Simply put...great CD. Nice smooth jazz. I'll be looking for more music from the same artist. Just clean music....just like I like it.
Nice relaxing music to listen to. Listen to it in order to unwind from a busy , stressful day.. Great.
Nice groove recording.  If you're on the road in grid lock traffic or at home preparing the evening meal, this is the CD you should be listening to.  It will mellow you right out, soft sinuous melodic lines helps you maintain your composure and will glide you right through those dinner tedium&#8217;s.  I took a chance and I won, my guess is so will you.
I like this every bit as much as Groove Jazz #1. Both are pleasant background jazz, and the price is reasonable.I would like to see more jazz collections that would complement these.
Again this is the follow up of the first compilation. And again the flow hits the mark to a tee ...
My Father graduated from Yale over 65 years ago and wanted to have a copy of the Whiffenpoof song and I found this CD.  The songs are on the short side but the Yale Chorus is fabulous!
The 411 by Maria:I love the buttery sound of her voice. So smooth, sexy and alluring.  We are hearing more and more of these unique voices and Joanne does sultry well.Black Coffee. As an Ella Fitzgerald fan, I have heard this song so many times and while it wasn't Ella. It was a beautiful version. Goddess thought this was a silly song until I had her listen to Ella's which she loved. Wheeee...that's my girl.Anyway...back to Joanne.We Three originally done by one of my early childhood favorites Brenda Lee (thanks to mom), I really liked the harmony on this. Beautiful whisperery singing and classic music combined with something else. An underlying mystical sound that I couldn't quite figure out.Nature Boy done originally Nat King Cole when done by Joanne was stunning. It reminded me of an Irish lullaby. I couldn't get it out of my head for days. Even the 6 minutes of music was beautiful and soothing with a lovely melody and cool, spacey sounds accompanied by a little guitar strumming. LOVED it.Ne Me Quitte Pas while I couldn't understand it, it was beautiful.Deep In A Dream is probably my favorite on the CD. I could hear Frank Sinatra singing it and done by Joanne, it is completely different.I dim all the lights and I sink in my chair The smoke from my cigarette climbs through the air The walls of my room fade away in the blue And I'm deep in a dream of youMy cigarette burns me, I wake with a start My hand isn't hurt, but there's pain in my heart Awake or asleep, every memory I'll keep Deep in a dream of youI love her voice on this followed by very uptempo music, synthesizers and laughing. Love it!When Sunny Gets Blue ahhh...I have always love this song. My mom was a big Johnny Mathis fan and I heard this at least once a weekend while she cleaned the house. He sang it the same way Nat King Cole sang it but Joanne does something completely different. I almost didn't know it until midway through. She sings it so softly and quietly with pauses between paragraphs. Very current for a great old song!How High The Moon I love her sweet take on this beautiful song. So much softer than the originals which were a little jazzier and more uptempo. Joanne's contemporary voice lends something to this song.  There is a slow build to the ending and her voice singing How High The Moon over and over was oddly soothing.Moon River is the perfect ending to this CD. Because I was so focused on all the musicality of the DVD, I was often lost in the subtle sounds that were very unique. Not your basic jazz DVD at all. This song brought me back to the focus of Joanne's voice. Very smokey and sensual. Put it on for a night of amore!Goddess wants to add that the DVD cover has amazing colors.
Naughty in the 20's, not the sort of graphic lyrics of today thankfully. Actually I have yet to get what is 'naughty' about some of the songs, others I do. Even then you usually read into it as it is not the modern in your face lyrics. Got into some twenties music trying to learn the Charleston. I may need some bootleg whisky to move fast enough to keep up. They are not all fast tunes though. Some are, some slow, several kind of funny. Certainly something different to listen to. I enjoyed it.
Excellent; however, many songs are on other CD's which I already have which are not considered risque.  But its a great listen - recommended.
A modern take on django.  great use of drums, and harmonic minor give it an exotic flavor.  I heard it on NPR and had to pull over and write down the name of the album.  It's that good.
I put in this CD when I was going to the grocery store for my wife (Easter Dinner) and it made me take my time in getting there.  Bits and pieces of the CD reminded me of Wayman Tisdale (RIP) and Marcus Miller, however, Jeff Alison puts his own touch to his music making it distinctive.  Nice CD from begining to end and great to travel to.
See my review on the Vol 2. Band was recorded very well Basie's intro to some of the songs and the artist was poorly done. Liner notes would be a big help.
I love Basie, that said I downloaded both Vol 1 & 2 and it was a joy to hear the band in a live concert. I only wish that some liner notes could be found about this concert. Some of Basie's intros was not miked well enough to hear him other than that the band rocked the place.
This is why &#34;elevator music&#34; was so prevalent - it was the least offensive and the most enjoyed.
So, like the proverbial box of chocolates and similar to one of my other favorite artists, Buckethead, you just aren't really sure of what you'll get when you listen to one of Manring's offerings. Michael does everything from folksy, to jazz, to funk, to rock, and does them all very well. This one is none of those really, being closest to jazz in its improvisational style. This music is very atmospheric, indirect, spare, and minimalist. There is only a bass and an acoustic guitar and is minimally processed and produced. It is very low-key and loose feeling. It has minimal structure and is not "melodic", being much more impressionistic. It is not unpleasant by any stretch of the imagination and it is a challenging listen as there are absolutely no musical cliche's to be found, so it is impossible to anticipate what is coming next. It has an eerie, unsettled feel as a result. If you are a fan ofThonk, then this is about as far from that as it gets. If you like some of the more free John Abercrombie offerings or similar music, then this is a worthy entry for your collection. I really don't like "free" music all that much and I don't hate this. There is very little dissonance, which makes a big difference for me.Thanks Michael for always keeping us on our toes.
Elegant, unique, and innovative. The rare combination of flute and vocals in the hands (and throats) of these two talented players is like a cool jazz breeze in the midst of a summer heat wave, bringing a sublime sense of calm to the audial environment. Four tracks aren't enough to satisfy my desire to hear deeper exploration, but it's a great treat nonetheless.
I had to do some research for for genre busting album. It definitely has elements of both Afrobeat with the strong percussion, but the huge horn line makes me want to label it Acid Jazz. Either way treat yourself to this high energy fusion from down under. Great stuff!
Echolyn set out to create their definitive album. I don't know if I'd consider it a complete success, but it is a strong album.The sound is very typical Echolyn - even without hearing Ray Weston's distinctive vocals, in a lot of cases listening to a few seconds is enough to recognize their sound. There are definitely elements of their sound circa Mei and Cowboy Poems Free, though this album is maybe a bit more mellow and laid back than most of their previous work. As you'd expect from Echolyn, the musicianship is top-notch. I've found Weston's voice to be a bit of an acquired taste, but some of his best work is on this album. The lyrics definitely tend towards the poetic side, and I'm honestly not sure what some of the songs are about (the album booklet also doesn't include the lyrics).Overall I think this is a pretty solid album, but while all 8 songs are pretty good, none of them jump out as real classics. Echolyn also don't really extend themselves or go much beyond what they've done before. Also, while this is nominally a double album, both discs are fairly short (on the order of 35 minutes). That's not necessarily a bad thing, since it leaves the music in more digestible chunks, but don't go expecting 2 hours of music. Overall I think Echolyn fans will like this album, but it may not win over a lot of new fans, particularly since it's the sort of album that takes several listens to really start to "get".Update: after more time, this album is definitely a "grower" that gets better with many repeat listenings. I'd probably rank it as my top album purchased so far this year, though a bit short of being a complete masterpiece.
It took me three spins of that CD to get pass my initial deception. When i decided to stop making comparison to the excellent MEI, i finally listened to the music with a open mind to let the music reveal itself. I think i was disturbed by the passage to the first track who was to me a pure joy to listen, to the next tracks who where very different. I was expecting another progressive masterpiece like MEI and was offer, instead a collection of songs of different moods. So i will do a track by track for a change."Island" : We have all the trade mark of the band here, with multiple part vocals, delicate instrumental breaks. This is a great start that continue where MEI as ended."Headright" : Opposite style of song, short and simple"Locust To Bethlehem" : Starts like a country song with the guitar but it mixed up with classical arrangements and violin. Nice interplay between some delicate instrumentation and the vocals."Some Memorial" : A lot of use of piano in this song that built his momentum slowly to a up tempo beat in the second part."Past Gravity" : Starts slowly and peacefully with piano and vocals and finishing in a more energetic rock sound."When Sunday spills" : Another song in two parts, the first one more laid back and the second gets heavier."Speaking In Lampblack" : Starts in a post-rock atmosphere with emotional vocals and the music in the background. The second part shows a return to the symphonic sound where all instruments are driving together in harmony."The Cardinal and I" : The progressive side of the first track in back, with more instrumental breaks, the delicate sound of the music is temper with some heavy passages. This is probably the closest track to the old Echolyn's sound.In conclusion, i enjoyed this CD more in my latest listening, that's why i did the review, because i don't usually do reviews of music that i don't enjoy. The band decided to put in one CD, all the different type of songs they did in the past, and in the end, the result is that we have another winner for Echolyn's fans.
Recorded from 2007 to 2011 shows the traditonal Echolyn eclectic/symphonic prog sound turning into the pop/crossover prog that It Bites does in a great manner.Understandable since they have dedicated the recordings to former It Bites front man, Francis Dunnery, whose own recordings are similar in sound.Why 4 stars? Because the 2 cds add up to about only 80 minutes. e.g. 40 minutes/cdBy removing one song, they could have kept it to a more affordable 1 cd price, or could have added some live tracks to the 2 cd package.
Echolyn's self titled album is certainly an emotional ride with some pleasant vocals from Weston masking out the more harrowing aspects of the themes within. The music is replete with proggy time sigs, such as the bright melodic 'Island' epic clocking almost 17 minutes. There are some amazing dextrous instrumental passages on the album and an overall atmosphere of hope among all the bleaker moments.One particular shock moment comes at the intro of 'When Sunday Spills' as we hear an actual domestic dispute that may have escalated into violence. At first I thought I was listening to ravings from an asylum between people with dementia, but then a lady screams &#34;I want to go to bed&#34; sounding as though locked out of her house. Apparently Weston actually tape recorded a real dispute with his neighbours, making this all the more gut wrenching to listen to. The end of the song sees the return of the troubled couple and this time the man is screaming his lungs raw to his wife about how she shut the door. The lyrics are provocative; &#34;Always over her shoulder, afraid in her own home, You keep and grow your own garden, and I've seen you drink, You know it's not a very pretty sight, So don't give another day to this.&#34;The mood is melancholy as we hear about this marriage under destruction; &#34;The language you use leaves no doubt your marriage is dead, She screams, &#34;Wife beater!&#34; Why? But, no one's really sure, You know we've heard so many hurtful things.&#34; These are the types of songs that can provoke change if people listen and certainly Echolyn hits the nail on the head capturing that feeling of emptiness and despair when domestic violence occurs.Staring at the album cover I get the feeling its all about loss and locking out emotions or being locked out like the lady screaming &#34;I want to go to bed!&#34; The lyrics of '(Speaking in) Lampblack' may also be a clue as to the meaning of the enigmatic cover; &#34;There's a sound of a million voices right beside a window view, And the pulse of the static drumming slips down past, unaware, But she remembers the moon tonight, when everything turns around all right, There was something she wanted to say, In the trails of the lampblack burning is just smoke that stains the walls, And she recalls the breaking of patterns, and the spells that once were real and held so true.&#34;Overall Echolyn have a very powerful selection of songs that speak of the world in it's corruptible state. The music is dreamy, with layers of keyboards and some aggressive guitars, so well executed, with infectious melodies that wash over beautifully with relaxing tranquil atmospheres. Not as incredible as &#34;Mei&#34;, but this is one of Echolyn's best and comes highly recommended as a great example of high quality Symphonic Prog.
This is a good CD,but Rob White's previous CD "keep Riding" was excellent.Naomi Emanuel 's voice is great on both CD's.Hang in there Rob and Naomi.
I use this CD as my wake up when I'm driving to work in the morning.  Really nice mix of songs, wish it had 5 more songs .
Love his music.  This one is not as good as the latest but was just coming into his own &#34;voice&#34;.
un albun exelente,una buena recopilacion del sonido de sur america.los areglos musicales son exelentes poniedo en evidencia la calidad de los musicos.
I thought it was great, mainly because I love a good sax.  It was a gift for my grandson and I have not heard his rating yet, but he was excited to get it because he likes jazz.
Very relaxing. I enjoyed listening to all tracks on the CD however, I really like Black Sand Beaches... Not bad at all
This was recommended to me by my best friend and I wasn't so sure; since I'm not much of a jazz fan, but I enjoyed it alot especially when I was sitting in traffic. i always had the assumption jazz had to be certain way but I truely enjoyed this Sax artist and look forward to hearing more songs by him.
The title of this record is appropriate. Listening to Marcus J. brings me back to Sunday rides on Riverside Drive and is reminiscent of the jazz we listened to in the park. I love the mix of old and new genre's of music in Cruizin'. I wish I had gotten this sooner!
It carries you right into the mood of the moments from one track to the next, showing great range with some really outstanding performances.  I find that it's great to write to-- I tired of it quickly as an overall album, but there are songs on there that I will be listening to as selections for years to come.
Xpress - Brothers From Other Mothers (Independent)Xpress are a four-piece blues band from Maryland, led by vocalist-songwriter-harmonica player Howard Herrnstadt. He calls himself Harmonica Blu, which is as good a name as any for a bluesman, and although it emphasises his instrumental dexterity, his voice is just as good. The rest of the band, Dave Myre (guitar), James Cookie Cooke (bass) and Randy Pittman (drums), bring a wealth of experience and a rock solid groove to the proceedings.Although a blues band at their core, there are plenty of other stimuli at play, and a quick read of an online biography reveals names like Miles Davis, Bob Dylan and Mark Knopfler. In fact, it's the Dire Straits man's influence that's most detectable on opening cut "You Can't Spend Your Money in Hell", a tale of drug dependency and degradation, brought to life with some unpretentious and unfussy musicianship, with special mention for guitarist, Myre."You Only Want to Dance Alone" and "Long Tone Blues" are much closer to fulfilling the blues brief, the latter a striking instrumental with an addictive rhythmic kick. "Only for the Memories" and "Trouble With a T" expose their jazz leanings, which they instill with a noir-esque, filmic quality. Perhaps my favourite of the bunch is their "Down In Baltimore / Mystery Train" medley. Again Myre is on top form, and the two songs, though quite different, seem to hang together like old friends - not unlike brothers from another mother...
Her name was mentioned to me by the great Pete Barbutti (comedian & jazz musician). Apparently, Smith was featured on the Steve Allen Show of the 1960s. She's quite good. A voice that my radio listeners said reminded them of a young Eydie Gorme and Doris Day. If you appreciate the standards of &#34;The Great American Songbook,&#34; than you'll more than likely enjoy this album.
Teddy Wilson is one of my favorite piano players.  He ranks with what I think are the best or keyboard players:  Dave Brubeck, Jess Stern and Teddy Wilson.  My holy trinity!
With the plethora of new music ensembles out there and the various instrumentations they employ, it's nice to stumble upon one where the geometry works, the ensemble functions well as a collective unit, and the compositions performed are a good fit rather than an endless list of premieres. All the better when such an ensemble is young and presents themselves without a hint of pretention.  Cadillac Moon Ensemble's debut full CD, Atlas, presents these rare qualities in the combination of flute, violin, cello, and percussion.First, New Dynamic Records has done an excellent job at producing a very well-recorded, well-packaged album.  While chamber music recordings often lack the presence of a live performance, on this CD the instruments sound almost as though they're in the room with you, and the different tone shadings come through with clarity.  The ensemble balance is captured quite well--a difficult feat considering the instrumentation.  Whatever they're doing at Indiana University Southeast's recording studio to make this happen, I look forward to more of it.  Designer Amie Villiger has packaged the CD with an enticing cover, an inviting feel, an artistic quality without becoming to "artsy," and a clarity to the information.  I very much appreciate the attention given to promoting the composers of the music; this is, after all, one of the most important points of a new music ensemble.The individual composers featured on Atlas bring unique musical ideas in a way that highlights the ensemble's strengths without ever going to excess in their use of instrumentation.  This is particularly impressive with the percussion: while many different timbres and instruments come forward, it is never over-powering and still sticks to a relatively minimal rig.  Each composition has its own elements that make it tick, and as such my interest was maintained for the whole CD (something I can't usually say).  If there is one all-around compositional weakness, it's one that reflects the relatively young age of the composers: their pieces come close to but don't quite reach that feel of a coherent well-structured whole (though they are by no means random or lacking solid, cohesive ideas or development).  But in this case, I'll gladly accept this small shortcoming to hear some fresh ideas from up-and-coming composers, and I commend Cadillac Moon Ensemble for their selection of music and conscious attention to promoting these composers.Andr&eacute; Br&eacute;g&eacute;g&egrave;r&eacute;'s En Route does well at highlighting each instrument in strong melodic motives and sustained, dissonant melodic lines.  The solid tones of Roberta Michel's flute and Michael Midlarsky's cello are particularly bold and resonant on this track.  These solo moments give way to ensemble dialogue, and the alternation between more "free" solo moments with ensemble passages of well-defined rhythmic repetition gives a nice variety.  I found the moments of steady pulse in the percussion combined with pizzicato in the strings particularly effective.Ang&eacute;lica Negr&oacute;n's two pieces draw on Puerto Rican musical elements but put them in a decidedly contemporary classical context.  I was most impressed with the lengthy angular lines of the flute in interaction with the full ensemble's background.  The near grooves the music at times reached, including with words chanted by the ensemble, were quite infectious.  The interplay between melodic and (at times almost insistent) rhythmic motives created a sense of development and dialogue.Shawn Allison's Towards the Flame did well at evoking his extra-musical influence of moths.  The scuttling flute that interrupted itself with brash tones was particularly effective at this in the first movement.  The second movement made excellent use of the cello and flute's register and did well at taking its time to present the material, building up to a more epic, dramatic, full-ensemble moment.  The best moment for me was when Patti Kilroy's violin reached into its upper register with a delicate touch, and the blend of this serene tone with Sean Statser's beautiful timbres on mallets was exquisite.Erich Stem's Revisited evoked the Japanese shakuhachi flute and drew out an array of tones, timbres and effects from both the flute and the ensemble.  This piece captured the possibilities of the instrumental combinations in Cadillac Moon exceptionally well.  The mallets blending with the flute, drum with a plucked cello bassline, and flute and violin on a melody together were particular highlights in this regard.  These duo moments, full ensemble passages, and solo moments in the cello and flute adeptly highlighted the ensemble geometry.Edward RosenBerg III (who gets the award for best photo in the CD booklet) gives this album its compelling closer with the epic-sounding Galactic Mathematics.  Its strong rhythmic enunciation and accent patterns worked well both in background figures and in melodies.  The more groove-oriented sections made good use of vocal parts, and the repeated use of a sigh gesture motive made for quite a memorable and in-your-face effect.Atlas is a well-packaged, well-performed, and well-recorded presentation of several up-and-coming composers.  Ensemble Moon Ensemble plays with the right sense of style for the compositions and attention to coherent musical gestures that bring the pieces to life.  A stand-out for me (as a woodwind player) was the lush, full tones in the low register of Roberta Michel's flute--even among the best professionals, not many flute players sound so compelling in a lower register.  I look forward to more well-executed, wise musical selections from Cadillac Moon Ensemble and to more excellent releases from New Dynamic Records.-David Pearson is a saxophonist residing in NYC and a doctoral student in musicology at CUNY Graduate Center.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
You can listen to this concert on iTunes and judge for yourself.  The sound is very poor on the opening track, as Art is not miked very well.  However, after the first track or two, the sound is very good if not better.The master's playing is excellent and he really gets into the standards and originals, many of which he recorded in the 1950s.  He plays clarinet on Avalon and reminisces in between the selections.Pepper really plays well here, just after he started recording for Galaxy.The sound is not perfect, so I rate the music overall as a 4-star performance, with 5 stars for the great and sadly missed Art Pepper.
This download is a vast improvement on Hallmark's 'Christmas Is for The Family'. The sound quality on this release is far superior and if you listen to samples of both albums side by side you will hear the difference. Still a great Christmas album and nice to have it in digital format.
If full out straight ahead bebop jazz is your preference then this is a collection of tunes and arrangements that will satisfy.  The Greg Abate Quintet is a polished group of troupers that know what they're about and their enthusiasm for the medium shows.Abate has written seven new works for this CD and they are strong. The quintet is composed of Greg Abate on alto, soprano and baritone sax and flute, Phil Woods on alto sax, Jesse Green on piano, Evan Gregor on bass and Bill Goodwin on drums. They are attuned to each other's gifts and play off each other's riffs like pros. The sound they make is surprisingly big.  This is the kind of recording you hope to come across when in the mood to recall the days of the clubs where real jazz filled the air.  Grady Harp, October 12
This is the best jazz album I've heard by a current band, in many moons. Abate and his group carry on the bebop traditions with gusto and style. This was a download, so I don't have much info about the artists, but a fun listen-mostly uptempo traditional acoustic bop- two saxes, piano, bass, drums. Recommended by Mark Myers of the "Jazzwax" blog. check out his bookWhy Jazz Happened.
This album is a lovely compilation of soothing music suitable for keeping your cool in traffic to or from work.
This album features tight arrangements with a gifted set of musicians. And Chrissie Loftus holds center stage well with her smoky, rhythmic voice that reminds me of Dinah Washington, especially on the title cut, a plea for young women not to lose their heads in love.The arrangements are built around the basic trio of bass, drum and piano and add texture with guitar and horns. I was glad not to hear any synthesizer or electronic effects for once, just solid dishes of classic jazz  sound.I look forward to more fine music from Chrissie and her musical partners.
Queen's catalog has been ripe for covering since the epic "Bohemian Rhapsody" was released way back in 1975...and many genres have remade the band's complex and varied music!  After all, Queen is a band that very much defied definitive musical boundaries.A listen to their pinnacle achievement, A Night at the Opera, gives the ear a musical journey into: Art rock ("Death on Two Legs"), folk(Good Company), vaudevillian ("Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon), science-fiction ballad ("'39"), a 19th century Dance Hall ("Seaside Rendezvous"), novelty ("I'm in Love with my Car"), hard rock ("Sweet Lady"), opera (the aforementioned "Bo Rhap"), traditional ("God Save the Queen"), even Biblical judgement/salvation poetry ("The Prophet's Song")...Queen's other albums, though not as wide-ranging as ANATO, offer cover bands plenty of music--ripe for the picking!So when the Pirate Band decided to cover some of the band's music with a "swing" beat, who could blame them?  The effort is worth listening to, though I wouldn't necessarily think all of the songs really hit their stride in a swing sense...Of course, I'm not an expert on "swing", I'm just giving my opinion as a fan of Queen.Particularly interesting is how the band cut down the nearly 6 minute Bo Rhap to barely more than 2 minutes!The arrangements, overall, are quite delightful and really fun to listen to...I hope the Pirate Swing Band considers a second effort of Queen songs in this style.
I have always thought of John Mehegan as a challenging, brilliant critic who was also  musician. That is because I had never heard his music. He is a challenging, brilliant pianist - composer as well. He plays the same way as everyone else differently. This is bop, recognizably so, played in an imaginative, refreshingly innovative style. There is great joy in discovering a great musician, and Mehegan was clearly  one of those. Buy the album, feel the joy.Kenny Dorham was a wonderful musician who sometimes played not so well. I have been annoyed since 1957 by his playing on Bird's South of the Border album. For the most part, his work holds up very well. I am particularly enamored of his own albums. Jazz Contemporary is a gem. On this recording, he sounds very unsure of his playing. Mehegan took the unusual step of having Dorham improvise obbligato lines behind him. Tentative does not begin to describe it. Kenny plays very softly, as if dreading to play a very exposed clinker. I feel uncomfortable listening to him. Even his solos are inhibited. More's the pity: it's the alert, confidently imaginative flow of his solos that make his best work so admirable.
I can say alot about this wonderful collaborative cd release that Matthew Shell & Trey Eley teamed to produce...but I will keep it as simple as possible hmmm "NOT".  This creative project is simply a fusion of electric jazz and it's sound is definitely fresh & new as it gives way to another way to appreciate music by incorporating an electric Jazzy pop of varying pulses and beats with it's hip vocal collaborations with a couple of dynamically talented artists Kenny Wesley as he adds his vocal "FREEDOM" rendition of Michael Jacksons "I Want TO Rock With You" & G.P. Jackson's harmonic vocals in "Juice" along with notable musicians like saxophonist extraordinaire Marcus H. Mitchell & Trumpeter Greg Adams proves that this mesh of talent is boundless.The smooth sounds that Trey Eley is known to generate really comes across in such tunes as "Rich Mahoghany" in which has become one of my personal favorites as well as "Alright Now" so when you take the mixture of talen that Matthew Shell offers you're simply asking for that musical road less traveled yet welcome also welcome a nono paved road...We as listners need a quality & a variety of music to account to Matthew Shell & Trey Eley offers just that. I will only give "FREEDOM" a 4 out of 5 stars in hopes that this pairing will produce even more *Great Music* KUDOS!!Meeche'
I am a jazz pianist and composer living in the Triangle region of North Carolina (where the MPS Project also resides) and I am writing this review because I feel that the more contemporary end of the jazz spectrum in our area deserves greater visibility.We've got a lot of great talent around here, steeped in all facets of the jazz tradition, but not so much recorded output that is completely original, especially not that features synthesizers and odd meters.I think the reason I like Pelz-Sherman's album so much is that his sense of melody and form come before his desire to produce fusion-sounding jazz. Simply put, he is a fine compuser, and I really like all of these songs. If you gave &#34;Blue Winter&#34; or &#34;Nameless&#34; (my favorites) to a different ensemble, they would be empowered to do a great job with the interpretation because the concepts stand on their own.Which leads me to my only criticisms - Pelz-Sherman's ensemble is solid - they are able to keep up with his frequent tempo and meter changes. But I don't think they match his mastery of this style of music - I feel that the drummer's time is a little too loose - I'd prefer someone a little more on top of the beat. There is also a little bit of overdubitis when it comes to layering synths on top of the piano tracks (for an amazing example of someone who is able to avoid overproducing, and even play keys and synths at the same time, look no further than Jason Linder).Overall, if you like Hiromi, Chick Corea, Joe Zawinul, then you will really dig Michael Pelz-Sherman's &#34;Goes Without Saying.&#34; It is a great debut for him as a Triangle-based pianist and composer and I hope more people are able to check out his work!
Album was done by a touring couple named Will & Zanny. Greatest guys you could ever know! I met them when they were touring the Florida Keys. When they first got here nobody knew who they were but they packed the house no matter where they played. The best cover of the song White Rabbit I ever heard was covered by them! I love the music on this album which is an up beat Jazzy theme. My favorite track on this album that I love to DJ to my audience is Night After Night. Unfortunately Zanny had a long fight with cancer that she could not win, she is no longer with us! Zanny's talent will be missed! Get this album while you still can, it will make a great addition to your collection!
If your looking for that NICE AND EASY flowing compilation, then this is the one for you .... Start to end
This is really a great deal if you don't already have the two albums it contains. Unfortunately, nowhere on the product's page does it mention that this album is actually a 2fer of Paul Desmond's excellent orchestral album "Desmond Blue" (5 Stars) and his early outing called "For All We Know". If you already have these records (I had Desmond Blue already) and purchased this album you may be quite upset (like I was). However, hopefully this review and my comment to Amazon.com will help future customers.The song order is mixed up making it more difficult to spot the double dip. However, if you don't have either of these records and don't mind the fact that you'll be missing out on "Desmond Blue's" excellent extra tracks and superior remastering it's a wonderful buy. Tracks 1-9 which represent the original release of "Desmond Blue" features a more romantic setting for Paul and his regular band (from all of the RCA/Victor albums featuring Jim Hall) with orchestra. The music is fantastic and mellow as ever. The rest of the album features the music from "For All We Know" which also featured the same band (for the most part) minus the orchestra and was done prior to Paul's affiliation with RCA Victor. The sound quality is not nearly as good but it's still passable. The music is fine as usual and the mood compares to Paul's better known RCA albums like "Take Ten".My advice is to go with the originals if you can just because of" Desmond Blue".So check out the superior "Desmond Blue" RCA release which has a great sound and several extra tracks then check out Paul's other RCA records first like "Take Ten" and "Easy Living". If you're a completest then go to "For all We Know".But if you're looking to get a good collection of his work without buying everything I would advice you see "Paul Desmond: The Best of the Complete RCA Victor Recordings" and then this 2fer album next.So here's my final rankings:Tracks 1-9 "Desmond Blue" 5 StarsTracks 11-16 "For All We Know" 3 1/2 StarsSound Quality: 3 1/2 StarsOverall Value: 5 StarsDouble Dip Factor (without telling the customer): Minus 1 Star to overall rating.
Most of these songs by Carmen Miranda are great!  There was no one else like her.And besides being a fine comedian she could really sing those songs.But a WARNING:  On the MP3 list number 19 and number 24 are the identical song!#19 has the title of "Tico-Tico-No-Fuba" which is the full title of #24 with the partial title of "Tico-tico."  The difference is that number 19 SOUNDS MUCH BETTER (the remastering on this one, I guess) than number 24.  Which sounds thin and tinny.Don't buy number 24.  Skip it and buy 19.  You can hear the difference.Otherwise there are better collections of Carmen Miranda available.
I enjoy listening to this work because it very creative in a different way.  It is not a knock your socks off kind of thing but a bit more subtle and takes a few listens to pick up on.  Nice work.
This is from one of Bob Crosby's best Coral LP's.  But whoever transferred it from the record used a turntable that was too fast! Every tune is a half key higher and a faster tempo than the original record.  The tunes sound strange as they are way too fast and in the wrong key.  It should be re-recorded if you want to charge money for the downloads!
Bobby Montez has always been a favorite of mine since the days his band was playing in venues all over L.A. and Orange counties.  This album is a good compilation of the Montez style, but would have been considerably better had it been re-mastered....the sound, on some selections, is a little tinney!
Wenso can tickle the ivories and offers a smooth jazz sound that captivates you.  I really enjoyed Signature and the mellow vibe it provides.  I preferred the slower tracks but the faster ones were pretty good as well.  If you are a smooth jazz enthusiast, this is a must have.
I ran across Stephanie Nilles a year or two ago.  Bought several of her cuts and shared them with friends and family.  Everybody got a kick out of her music and we've been waiting for the ensuing growth of her talent...and waiting and waiting.  This artist has got IT. She's got courage and she's full of music. Bluesful with a unique identity.  Check out her rendition of &#34;love me or I'll kill you&#34; and &#34;Ode to Tequila.&#34;  Her classic music education shows, but she seems to be just messing around.  Wish she'd get on it...
Real ethereal, and at times epic, good for driving in wide open spaces, or thinking easily and enjoying scenery. Enjoy!
Not songs you'll ever hear on the radio, but some very good songs indeed if you're a pen and pencil RPGer. &#34;I put my Low Stat&#34; sums up every bad character you've ever rolled, and &#34;Massacre Anne&#34; is a song I'd like to see a book or short story written about.Good music and a very good singing voice.
No words, just good groovy sounds in a jazz way of current and recent selections. The kind of sounds you can enjoy when you don't want to have any direct thought about what is playing. Alloys you to be happy and relaxed while having a good music experience.
This is not my favorite album but the Doris Day cuts are wonderful.  The quality of sound and variety of songs is good.
Sue Kent does it again! Love, Lost and Found, her second album release, is a wonderful collection of love songs sung with the trademark sultriness we've come to expect from Sue Kent. Highlights include a redo of Gloria Estefan's "Don't Wanna Lose You", "Dreamsville" with special guest Jay Soto, and two original songs written by Sue,"Say It's Not Too Late" and "New Love (Is Already Here)". This album is perfect for listening while enjoying a glass of wine with a friend.
Best performance from Namjoo is here. Although customers will get headache when they want to download it directly from amazon! Apparently you need to go to library and choose them one by one and then downloading option activated, anything else will go through amazon crazy app.
Very mellow and well put together for a Smooth Jazz fan!!!  Nothing screaming at you.  Perfect for listening to with a nice glass of wine.
The music on this compilation is superb. In fact, if you do not know who Jane Fielding is you are in for a treat. My complaint is this is really two different albums and two more bonus tracks that have been interleaved as though thrown into a pot and stirred. Not necessarily a problem unless you own the originals and expect the tracks in a certain order.Listen to the sound samples first. Fielding was a force to be reckoned with in the mid 1950s when the two albums that comprise this set were recorded. Plus, the musicians backing her were A-list and are still revered to this day.Back to the mish-mash. Tracks 1, 2 through 4, 11, 14 and 18 through 20 comprise the album titledEmbers Glow Jane Fielding. This was recorded in February and March, 1956 with Fielding backed by the Kenny Drew Quintet. The sessions were recorded at the Capitol Studios in Los Angeles and for the February session the Quintet was comprised of Joe Maini on alto sax, Ted Efantis on tenor sax, Kenny Drew on piano, Paul Chambers on bass and Lawrence Marable on drums. On the March session Leroy Vinnegar replaced Chambers.The remaining tracks - except the last two - are the album titledJazz Trio for Voice, Piano, and String Bassthat was recorded at the Capitol Studios in Los Angeles on August 29, 1955. She is backed by Lou Levy on piano and Red Mitchell on bass, both of whom give her room to stretch out and show her vocal gifts.Tracks 21 and 22 are from a TV broadcast from a KABC-TV program titled Stars Of Jazz on March 4, 1957. These tracks are Fielding accompanied solely by Bobby Hammack on piano.
I Like Jazz . He Did A Great Job. But I Like Normal Stuff. But I Would Buy Anything He Puts Out
Really nice to hear him expanding his genres. I wish Hendrix would have got to play with Miles Davis before his passing.
Very interesting light Jazz, this guy had to be something to hear just because of his name. I decided to check it out and was pleasantly surprised. Good recording and the mix is spot on, worth a listen.