As I type this there is only one other review, Mr Morrison's, and I am happy to agree with every bit of it.  I just want to add a word on behalf of the lutenists, Wilson and Rumsey.  I am not a lutenist myself but I do play some other string instruments.  I cannot recommend these musicians highly enough - words fail me.Aside from raving about the excellence of this recording, about all I can add is a comment for those who may be unfamiliar with the lute.  If you hunting around out of curiosity and only planning to purchase a single recording, at least for now, you might consider a different recording by these same artists.  It is titled "Early Venetian Lute Music" and is available as both an MP3 and a CD here on Amazon.  It has the virtue of featuring works by several composers, so is perhaps a better survey.  But you can't really miss either way.
I love early music and this recording is great. Good sound reproduction with a very &#34;open&#34; sound. Excellent for peaceful relaxation!
What can I say about Jazzmanic other than the fact that is is some of the best jazz I have ever heard? Funk, fusion, maintream, every jazz genre is represented in this CD. Each song not only presents a musical composition but tells a story. Two of my favorites are "Lady E's Gone" and "Lady E Returns." It is the dream of every woman alive to have a man care about her the way Chris obviously cares about Lady E and that caring is reflected in the two compositions. "Parallasax" is like date night. It begins with all of the preparations, flittering around, getting ready, small talk. Then it goes into a slow and sexy rendition of flirtation and the mating dance. Goodbye and let's do it again. "Confidential Attitude" lives up to its title, starting out  wonderfully upbeat with some really nice flute work. A bit of a struggle, holding fast, and then right back to upbeat and enlightening. The only song I am not particularly fond of is "Watch Ya Back" but that is becasue I am not particularly fond of the rap genre. It is a bit of Lagniappe for those who are. I could go on and on about the rest of the CD but I think the reader will get the picture.If you don't buy any other jazz album in this year buy this one. It has everthing you need.
Last night, I was invited to attend a local musician jam in Nashville called Tom Hurst's Loud Jazz Jam at Douglas Corner. Now granted...I live in Music City USA. We have some of the best session players and professional musicians in the world. So the amount of talent at the improv jam was amazing. Watching different players get up and just have fun with the music was great. I was thoroughly enjoying myself.But THEN...this guy, Chris West, and his band step onto the stage to warm up...and then proceeded to blow me away with their musical skill. The songs were well crafted and the audience (of professional musicians that are hard to impress) were clapping and yelling the whole set. Even during the songs, as each player took their solos, you heard this crowd of discerning musicians yell and clap after each solo. For those outside of the NashVegas music scene, this doesn't happen often.When I got home around 12pm, I immediately went to Amazon and purchased Chris' newest album, The Surprise Trilogy 1, and this one. I've been listening to it since and I'm still blown away. If you love this genre, do your ears a favor and purchase Chris West's albums. Support talented musicians and we won't have to be subjected to the mediocre pile of notes most in the industry call music these days.
I chose this title based on content, which includes one of the best songs ever recorded, &#34;Harlem Nocturne&#34; This CD has the Ray Noble version, which is one of the best. It includes all the hits of 1939-1940, by original artists.What better way to escape the poor musicality and tawdry lyrics of today's music, than to spend some time with the hits from this era,, when musicians truly were musicians.
Great collection of jazzy soul covers. I particularly liked Inner City Blues, and These Foolish Things. Kind of had a 40's blues/jazz feel to it.
Snarky Puppy's &#34;the only constant&#34; is a must have. This album infuses an old jazz sound with a today feel... must have!
This is by far the best album I have ever heard and don't think there will be anything like it or anywhere near it's perfection for all eternity. Thank you Snarky Puppy for giving us this beautiful baby jesus album for our listening pleasure here on earth.
Good jazz band with fantastic arrangements that keep you connected not only to the beat but also  all of the compositions.
A little background on this artist & band:"As a young student of jazz composing and arranging, David Berger initially attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, subsequently going on to study at Ithaca College, Eastman School of Music, and Manhattan School of Music, where he was one of the leading members of the jazz composition and arranging faculty until 1999. In 1988, Berger took up post as the conductor and arranger for the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, which he held until 1994, transcribing and arranging countless scores of Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn for the LCO's performances.After Wynton Marsalis took over in 1994, Berger concentrated on expanding the classic Ellington and Strayhorn piece "The Nutcracker Suite," by writing a full 90 minutes of extra music, which he seamlessly fit into the work. Berger was then joined by pioneering choreographer Donald Byrd, who wrote a complete story line and ballet for the piece, and The Harlem Nutcracker, a massive production for chorus, ballet, and full-piece jazz band, was born. The production's 1996 debut and subsequent worldwide success established Berger not only as a master Ellington and Strayhorn scholar, but as a contributor to their legacies as well.Berger formed the Sultans of Swing in 1999, a classic swing big band whose members Berger hand picked from the best young jazz talent available. Using such brilliant composers as Sy Oliver, Jimmy Lunceford, and of course Duke Ellington as models, Berger set about arranging and composing several pieces for the Sultans of Swing that eventually would appear on the group's debut album, Doin' the Do, which Berger released on his own Such Sweet Thunder label.In 2001, Berger accepted the prestigious position as Professor of Composition and Arranging in the new Jazz Studies program at Juilliard School of Music, where he now teaches." (Author unknown)I have 2 other albums from this artist:Doin' the Do (2002)Marlowe (2004)...and some Single cutsI find it too difficult to choose a favorite. Each album and song bring something unique and wonderful to the proverbial table. In other words, I don't believe you can go wrong with this artist; at least I haven't yet.Buy it - enjoy it and tell others about this wonderful band!
Rain has a very powerful, yet soothing voice. I love listening to this and singing along while I am working on papers for college, have writing assignments at work, cleaning the house, mowing the yard,etc.  I look forward to her next recording.
I love her Story and her Approach to these lyrics, she truly makes them her own.  Pure and Simple,Moving and Honest, Enjoyment!
I am assuming that these are the same recordings that were issued by Time-Life in their SWING ERA series, originally on LP about 1960 or so, then chrome cassettes (remember them?), then (finally) CD. The transcriptions, made by Billy May (and/or Glen Gray), were amazing, and many of the original musicians involved in the big band recordings took part. The LP version was the most complete. With each subsequent reissue, a few songs were dropped, so that by the time the CD versions came out, around 2002, there was a noticeable difference. I wrote to Time-Life at the time, expressing my dismay at being cheated, but to no avail. Marketing, don't you know. At any rate, if these indeed are the same recordings, I don't know what's happened to them over the years, because my CD collection of the entire Time-Life series is wonderful.
This has become my favorite big band purchase. Very good songs with great beat. If you like big band music, you will love this one.
Great singer kind of like BB s crisp and clean. If you like tunes with lots of changes and passing chords you'll like this. Not only can this guy play to the changes, he can rip! Speaking from a guitar players perspective, he is awesome. Everybody on this cd is great. A musicians  must.
Chris Cain is the best modern Blues player. His songs have interesting and refreshing changes in them and you can hear past masters of the Blues in his playing. But he goes further and adds his own way of playing that's strong and unique. And moving. I would recommend all of Chris's recordings. He's been playing a long time and just keeps getting better. Amazing.
I was looking for the song Coming Home Baby and this version was one that came up in the search. I liked this version the best, so I played all the other samples from this album and then bought them all. I would have preferred to get a CD but it's not available except at a really high price. I hadn't heard of Bob DeVos previously, although I've been a fan of this style of jazz (guitar, organ, drums, occasional pecussion) for decades. It sounds like it could have been recorded in the '60s, but the release year is 2003. If you like Wes Montgomery, Pat Martino, Charles Earland, Jack McDuff, and Groove Holmes, you'll like this album.  Albums similar to this that I own include El Hombre by Pat Martino, The Wes Montgomery Trio (now called Dynamic New Sound), and Project G5, A Tribute to Wes Montgomery. Also check out Live! and Crash by Jack McDuff, and Living Black! by Charles Earland. Enjoy!
This is excellent music.  The Yellowjackets, after 30 years show that they are only getting better. I have never been disappointed by their efforts.
I'm not sure how I have managed to miss this release.  This is an outstanding live record.  Everyone is really letting it happen and they deliver a fine performance.  If you're a Yellowjackets fan, you should already have this release, if you are new to modern jazz, this is a great place to start.  These guys are at the very top of the modern jazz world and this record shows why.  You get great jazz played on electric instruments with their own unique voice.  This is not smooth jazz, this is real jazz and thank God for that.  I know a lot of people that are hesitant to try anything modern for the fear that it's really just Kenny G. in disguise.  This is not the case with the Yellowjackets.  There is a ton of great modern jazz out there that is real jazz and this is a great place to start.  Highly recommended.
This is a great recording featuring three of my favorite musicians.  Tasteful drumming, beautiful piano, wonderful supporting bass.  This is classic jazz at its best.
I've heard these guys play live when they were the opening act for The Ministry Of Unknown Science.These guys ROCK!It's not your typical New Orleans Jazz fare, there's a little funk, hip hop, gospel, and klezmer and who else knows what thrown into the mix.I know it sounds weird, but these guys make it work.Give a listen. You won't be disappointed, but pleasantly surprised!
This lady has got the chops, beautiful tone, sophisticated delivery, backed up by a swinging band. Whats not to like? Buy this one.....
POCKET CHANGE ARE NOT TO BE OVERLOOKED! I love this group.  They are solid, tight, funky, upbeat jazz.  It's hard to find this type of jazz these days and it's a shame these guys are not nationally popular.  They are surely a breath of fresh air and you'll love the free flowing solos and liveliness incorporated into this disc.  Buy and enjoy!
Can't tell whether these are trios or quartets, but there are a few clarinets (including a bass clarinet - who doesn't like the sound of a bass clarinet?) tooting away cheerfully on arrangements of standards and originals.All in all, I find it really pleasant! But you have to like the silky sound of a clarinet.
You got to love a quintet of five virtuoso clarinetists.(Beth Custer, Ben Goldberg, Sheldon Brown, Peter Josheff, Ralph Carney)
This is a wonderful album that showcases everything that makes SoVoSo such a wonderful a capella group.  Their jazzy, gospelly (is that a word?), inventive approach to vocals shines in songs like Christmas in Questa (which will stick in your mind throughout the year), O Holy Night (a spare, soulful arrangement), and Little Drummer Boy (bopping bravado and fun, my favorite song on the album).  Tis Winter pulses with quiet energy, like a warm fire on a snowy winter night.Check it out!
I actually did not buy this album here.....I bought it at [..]............I was so upset whenever I thought I'd lost it (I hadn't).....so I bought another copy! These guys are incredible!
I saw Mulgrew Miller live in concert in 2007 and was completely blown away. This is my favorite album, far superior to "Live at the Kennedy Center" in my opinion, not because that is not a good album, but because this one showcases his talents more clearly.
I bought this album upon hearing of Mulgrew Miller's death, as a way to honor his memory and enjoy his marvelous piano playing. I was not disappointed! All three members of his trio are in top form, and from the opening notes of &#34;Joshua&#34; to the closing cut, Elvin Jones' &#34;Citadel&#34;, I felt almost as if I were there at Yoshi's, listening to them in person. The group's playing is full of beauty and passion. and they move effortlessly through a variety of moods and styles, from fiery up-tempo postbop to delicate, impressionistic ballads,This is small group jazz at its best--highly recommended
This recording is one of the best live recording I have ever heard. If you like piano and good jazz music, this one is for you...
Okay, I'm married to the guy, but that only means I'm his toughest critic!  Dan has the soft beauty of Chet Baker's trumpet on this cd, with soft slow, long phrases on most of the tunes.  It is an easy CD to put on while you are having a dinner party but it is also worth a real listen because he really is a jazz player.I helped choose some of the tunes so I am biased there, but his rendition of "Blue" is hauntingly beautiful... a tribute to Blue Mitchell, the renowned jazz trumpeter written by Bobby Shew.I highly recommend this CD because it is so listenable... and so good.
This album is great and JSDN is even better live. Funky rock and roll with a great horn section. Yeah you right!
creatively awesomely sonically pleasing. it's nice. one of the best albums i bought this year. witty, humorous, fun--I recommend it!
This is a very diverse album, true to the title.  James Hogan is a fantastic fusion guitarist and every song on here is great!!
Phillip's choice of songs, along with his sound, creates a soothing and relaxing atmosphere.  Reminds me somewhat of the male singers who have that &#34;old-school&#34; flow.
Maybe it's because this was the first album of hers I heard, but this is still my favorite, even though Christian Nesmith is not on it as much as on later albums.  Her songwriting abilities match her singing; she is just wicked.
I bought this for Blue Bird Tattoo, but now Wisteria is stuck in my brain.Circe's music is charming and enjoyable. It puts some fun variety into my playlist.I'm fascinated by her approach to music. Listening to this album persuaded me to get back on Amazon and buy California Kid, which is also very good.
Nice mellow mood music from a great pianist. Avo Uvezian is a master at the piano.Wish he had a few more albums to download.
I was surprised but I really like this CD...he does have talent and this is a nice collection of standards, a nice CD for a cocktail party or just sitting in front of the fire with a glass of wine.
I admit I only became aware of Donald Harrison after watching Treme. I like a lot of his different jazz discs, but this one really stands out as something special. Great sounds and outstanding contributions by Dr John and others. Highly recommend it!
This album is very much the inspiration for HBO's Treme storyline about an Indian chief father and jazz trumpet musician son.  The son goes to NYC to make his mark in jazz.  He returns to New Orleans to find his dad dying of cancer.  One of the last things they do together is produce a jazz album with overtones of the New Orleans Indian culture.  The music of Treme is great, the music on this Indian Blues album is fabulous.  Donald Harrison Jr. is a jazz master on saxophone.  The album also features New Orleans icon Dr. John.
Here's another great listen I owe to a tip from the inimitable Marc Meyers, Jazz critic and blogger extraordinaire on his JazzWax.com website (do sign up for the newsletter, jazz fans).Perhaps some of you have heard of a very talented and be-bop toned tenor play named Bruce Eskovitz - I never had until I read about this album in a post on JazzWax. Backed up by a stellar outfit, including another JazzWax tip-off, Charlie Shoemake, on vibes, the incomparable Ray Drummond on bass,  a been-on-the-scene-long-time veteran of many fine bands and combos, Bill Mays, on piano, Larance Marable on drums, and special guest, tenor man, Ernie Watts, we have a fitting group to pay tribute to the music of Jazz legend, Sonny Rollins a.k.a. Newk. The music is bop (but not too hard), sweetly swingin' (thanks to the work of Shoemake,and Mays), and altogether a delight to the ears of any straight ahead jazz music fan. I'm so glad I took Marc Meyer's tip and downloaded this music, Love it!
I'm not him, but he makes great Jazz.  If you like your jazz more classic than smooth, the Hutton Trio is for you.
I enjoy piano from time to time,and Jim's Rise was the first one to make me notice him and his music.This one uses a nice mix with other instruments and even a few voices.His piano choices,playing,and use of other instruments,draw me back from time to time.Just nice relaxing,comefort music to let your mind go.this is one Of his nice ones.His other are good too,this one just fits my mood at this time.Keep going James!
Got this thinking I was purchasing remixes of the original version, which would include the one we all know and love.  Instead, got an "unplugged" version (actually versions, since there are a few here) of the song.  Very cool and a lot different than you'd expect.  The big surprise to me is that this lady can actually sing!!  She is a very talented vocalist and it really shows here.  For that, I think it's a 5-star project.Would love to hear some other new stuff from this group!If you like the song from the 80s and want something a little different, but similar, you will like this.
I remember back in the 80s when this song came out, I went and purchased the CD immediately. It has such a simple but effective hook of a bass line. Combine that with Valarie's vocals, it easy to see why it was a hit 20 something years ago. They are using it in TV commercials now (what better endorsement). Seriously, this is a fine effort on all the tracks. Valerie Day's vocals are superb and finding this inspired me to buy some of her other, later stuff. Money well spent.
This is the dopest instrumental album I've heard in a while.  Whoever this is, they have done something great with all of the internet hype surrounding the enigma that is Clutchy, and I think it makes the music even better.  Super jazzy, funky, and definitely with a hip hop back bone, this is a record you could buy without even previewing.  Don't sleep on Clutchy the way he sleeps on the floor of that cave.  Oh yeah, and all of his other albums are tight as well.  Even the seventies jazz records.
Amazing debut from a mysterious, shady character who supposedly lives in a cave in the Mojave desert.  Essential music for love-making, trip-taking, and rhyme-spitting.  Get on the Clutchy train, whoooo whoooo!
It's a really strange album, meaning that it's wonderful but I cannot explain why I like it so much.Relaxing without being boring, I recommend it; listen the preview, though, not everybody will like it
I heard of this guy through MF Doom and thought I should check 'em out. I love it because this is me trying to expand from what I usually love to listen to (hip hop) and actually enjoying it. There is a lot of great sounds to like here. Reminds me of DJ Shadow's Entroducing. If you are looking for good, alternative, hip hop beats, this is the album to buy.
I want to add my voice to the raves which have already been expressed on behalf of this remarkable artist. My initial reaction to her singing was wow, wow, WOW! She really knocked my socks off! I stumbled upon Marieann while looking for a nice rendition of a song that I love called "Something New In My Life." It's one of my favorite songs and I originally heard it sung by Julie Andrews and Placido Domingo in duet. Stephen Bishop recorded a version of the song in the 80's. Julie and Placido sing the song in a wonderful Christmas special I have on DVD called "The Sound of Christmas," but the soundtrack for the special was never released in CD format. I never thought anyone could ever come close to that rendition by Julie and Placido, but Marieann does! I am absolutely stunned by her performance! She actually surpasses that version and the Stephen Bishop version too! I seriously never thought that would be possible.Marieann's voice is a voice that cannot be ignored. It's that good. She belts out a song with the power of any one of the great female singers. If I had to compare her voice to anyone else's, I would say that it most resembles Leann Rimes, with a touch of Linda Eder and just a dash of Bette Midler. That is high praise indeed. Having said that, though, I want to stress that this woman is an original. Her renditions of these songs are unique and incomparable, truly. Her version of the theme from "Valley of the Dolls," for example, is heart-wrenching, and it far surpasses the original version sung by Dionne Warwick! Imagine that! Marieann's singing will give you goosebumps for sure, and that I can guarantee!Please don't hesitate to buy this song collection! You won't be disappointed! Marieann's vocal performances equal even exceed those of the greatest female voices of song, and it doesn't get any better than that!
Discover this band through the internet. Good tango music. Their web site taught me a few things about tango that i did not know
Maybe not quite as polished and sensitive (or well produced) as their later work, but lovely nonetheless. (Their "Live 2007" and "Siete Tandas" albums are my favorites so far).
was visiting southern cali a few years back. happened to hook up with some travelers heading to the baja and back, they played alot of free peoples on the trip. just plain excellent road music. great stuff. only wished they would play in florida...
I never heard of Joop Wolters til about a week ago. I ran across this album in the People who bought also bought this section. Joop writes highly enjoyable...hmmnnn... what I might call progressive shred with a soul. Nice tunes, wonderful chops and the musicians he plays with are talented and tasty. I played drums for many years and particularly like the incredibly tight performance the drummer turns in. His double bass technique synchronizes beautifully with the tight,enjoyable melodies. If you like it hard, heavy and fast this album will not let you down, but and here's the bonus if you like it lyrical, well performed with nice dynamics and a variety of styles then this album also delivers. For fans of hot guitar, progressive rock and a dash and a half of fusion you won't be disapointed with Joop Wolters in your music library.
Barbershop, of course, is a bit of a niche genre, but if you like it, you're going to enjoy this album.
Heard Acoustix on a Barbershop Quartet album some time ago, but this quartet stood out with their tight harmonies.  Being a huge fan of a dying or lost art, I find few quartets that can rival Acoustix.  This is my favorite music of all time and dreamed of singing it at one time, but in 1965 lost my voice to cancer, so all I can do is reminisce  and dream in my mind.  Still have a good ear for harmony.
At last! Bill Allred's Classic Jazz Band is just that and everything an overly contemporary jazz world needs. The exuberance of delivery throughout makes familiar tunes fresh again. Those of us who were privileged to experience the great "Jazz at the Phil" concerts of Norman Granz can feel that joy again with the great performances on this collection. Good job, Bill and the Band! (BTW, this MP3 album is a steal here on Amazon. I just wish the liner notes were available so I could learn more about these guys.)
Excellent voice - lots of control - never "pitchy", and this young lady can really SWING!  The band, (personnel not shown), obviously has some exceptional talent, too.
I just loved it !!!! One of my favorites groups of all time the selection of these pieces outstanding . I myself would probably included "preludio para estephania" but as they say you can't have it all.
Great music. Can't help yourself from singing along and tapping your toes to the beat!!!
Bought for a birthday present... he loved it... he listens to it often... he says all the songs are great!
Very Best of Asleep at the WheelGreat starting point to get behind the 'Wheel' or to rediscovery what a great band they are.  Excellent songs in the Texas swing tradition.  Asleep at the Wheel should have a spot in every music fans collection.
Long time fan of this group.  Have made new fans by giving this cd to friends. Great for a dance party!
It was fun to buy copies and share them with my family.  We saw Asleep at the Wheel in December 2012 in South Lake Tahoe, CA, and loved their performance.
This is my go to motivation music to get myself moving on whatever task I need to get done. Fun, happy and definitely toe tapping!
There is just something about this group that when you hear the music, your feet gotta move.  You can't go wrong in purchasing any of their music if you are a western swing fan.  And if you've never listened to western swing, this is a good group to start with.  You will be hooked.
Had this on a cassette long time ago. This is better quality of a collection of clasic songs from this group.
Just love, love, love Ray Benson and Asleep at the Wheel.  This is a GREAT cd with lots of Texas Swing.
Recorded at the end of 2000, this album contains classic Wheel cuts re-recorded with the current lineup (at the time). The 14 tracks sound as good if not better than the original versions. Ray Benson and company really make the effort to make these songs as powerful as ever. A worthy pickup for any country or western swing fans out there.
SHIM was the house band for the Tampa Bay EMIT music series, originally based at the old Salvador Dali Museum in St. Petersburg, Fl., for the first 8 years of the series.Permanent members were: David Irwin-woodwinds, David Pate-Saxes, Jim Stewart-Percussion, TJ Glowacki-Bass, Keith Hedger-Trumpet and David Manson -Trombone.On this  album they are joined by Sam Rivers, a current Orlando resident, on saxes, woodwinds and whoops & hollers. SHIM is an acronym from the last names of the original 4 members.
This CD features jazz legend (and saxophonist) Sam Rivers with members of his trio (Doug Mathews & Anthony) joined by young trumpeter Jonathan Powell and trombonist/composer David Manson. The compositions are angular, clever and postbop (in style) while the soloing is spirited and very connected with each specific composition.The recording balances form & groove with freedom and spirit very well.  Modern jazz fans can appreciate it and those who like their jazz on the experimental side will also like it.  Sam Rivers recorded this when he was 79 years old and he sounds awesome!
This collection of songs features one of the finest brass ensembles in the USA.  The writing and arranging are second to none.  In my 40 plus years of professional music experience I would say that Hollywood producers are missing the boat in not using some of these songs as soundtracks for their movies.
If you are a lover of Jazz--I don't mean Smooth Jazz--I mean authentic Jazz featuring syncopated rhythm, improvisation, and extended harmony, you will adore this CD. Mr. Smith truly is dedicated to his craft. His playing is masterful. This CD displays his ability to not only play in the vein of several great Jazz Pianists that have preceded him (think Herbie Hancock, Thelonious Monk, McCoy Tyner, and Horace Silver) but Mr. Smith has incorporated his own style into the mix. If you purchase this CD, trust me, you are in for a treat.
Love this album so much. It's very well put together and the songs are so musically intense and tight. Musicianship shines big time and you will not be disappointed.
I have seen Tzvi live and he is a wonderful speaker and a very gifted musician. The music on this disc is great and demonstrates one of the many talents of this renaissance man.
I have been listening to Karl Marsh for years, both Live in Glendale and now on his great album.  He is one of the great gems of the modern Jazz artists.  I highly recommend making an effort to share his music.
Dana Bauer brings a perspective few vocalists have because she's also a full-time professional instrumentalist playing ALL of the reed instruments.  Horn players are more conscious of intonation, balance and blend, and Dana Bauer is nothing if not a very careful, conscious musician.As you listen to her phrasing you'll notice that even the smallest details are chosen and deliberate, much like the work of Johnny Hartman.  Like I said, a real pro.Another thing that's nice about this album is that it isn't the usual run of cabaret tunes and she brings new life to standards like "Begin the Beguine", "If I Had a Heart" and "The Waters of March".Five stars!
Another fine effort by Tim Donahue, a true genius of the guitar. This is my favorite collection of his work. Enjoy.
Love this music.  That my sister, mom, and I were in attendance when RR4 sang tracks 9-end makes it a bit more special to me.  My 5-year old and 2-year old both love the songs.  What a great, different, wonderful genre of music to be exposed to.  Glad this is available.
It's unbelievable to me that Howard Riley has 0 reviews total for all his albums listed here.  I really love his music, though, especially this album, and so much so that I don't mind keeping it to myself.  This sounds like what would happen if you locked Thelonious Monk in a room by himself for 10 years and then made him record an album at the end-- quirky and complex and very dissonant, though the melodies are there if you listen.  I read somewhere that Riley recorded each of these tracks in a single take, because he wanted them to remain strictly improvisational.  Quite a remarkable feat-- thank you Penguin Jazz Guide!
Happened on these guys in Ocho Rios, Jamaica and immediately loved the music.  Bought this disc from them and it's been one of my favorites ever since ... it has staying power.  They put jazz, funk and even some rap together in a synergistic way.  The cool thing about the disc is that it captures the vibe of the band and provides a jolt of energy.  It's a shame if this is the only disc these guys ever put out.
Wonderful music.  The voices match so well.  It is amazing how all of the chords ring when they sing those songs.
I was lucky enough to get this CD last Christmas and it has become a favorite. While it has many of the traditional Christmas classics on it, my favorite songs are the ones you rarely find on other CD's. My favorite is Joseph's Song followed by Fireplace. Other favorites are I Wonder as I Wander and Christmas Time is Here. There is a terrific arrangement of I'll be Home for Christmas and even a song for New Year's!  Buy this CD it's terrific!
Thanks for all your great music through the years Omer!  You are consistently inspiring!Josh
This is absolutely one of the great contemporary under-appreciated jazz groups in the US today.  I was lucky to see them in NYC a few years back but I really have the feeling they stick around their hometown of New Orleans.  They have never put out a bad record as far as I know and they always sound fresh!
The Best of the Al Houser CD's - tight, lyrical, magical, funkyauthor: Steve GellerThis is the best of the Al Houser CD's: the musicianship is tight, lyrical, magical, pure bop. Houser's originals are evocative of SF in the late 50's, early 60's (I want to read poetry to it!) to my mind, after NYC in the late 40's, just about the greatest time for jazz. Jack's of Sutter Street puts you there; Karenji is a sweet, soulful tribute to Al's sweet and soulful lady, with surprising chord changes; my favorite solo of Al's is You've Changed -- thoughtful, tender, mournful, a perfect memory of Lady Day; Wouldyn't You is the sextet opening up and having a ball, along with Sidewinder. What I love most about the CD is the variety of moods, tones, colors, and the excellence of each musician to get inside each piece and become everything it is and everything he is. What a gift is jazz, and what a gift does this CD give each of us!
The best jazz is recorded in a completely relaxed environment--- with no time constraints. In this congenial atmosphere, true improvising and the unexpected can take place. That's why most of my favorite records are "Live At The..." and why I am so happy with this offering.This Sextet has been together for over three years. The Bobs - Balthis, Butta and Jones, were with me on my previous recording, The Allen Houser Sextet Live At The One Step Down (ARS005). George Hyde, who played with me for several years at Bertha's Restaurant in Baltimore, and Paul Hannah, are the new faces. What you will hear is the best of our music selected from over a dozen recording sessions.Musicians and fans of live jazz have benefited from a parade of recording technology creations. (Up until the invention of the synthesizer, that is.) When the 33 1/3 LP replaced the 78-rpm record, it enabled jazz musicians to stretch out and play as if it were a live, nightclub performance. Kenny Dorham's Una Mas is a good example of this. The compact disc has doubled the playing time of many of the best LP's. Our hope is that you will enjoy these five jazz performances enough to imagine you are hearing the band in person.Bob Jones recorded our sextet in Bob Balthis' basement. He used a 16 track digital audio workstation. The sextet was recorded in the same room, simultaneously on eight tracks. All the music is a "first take," with no overdubbing of any kind. Although the sound quality is incredible, this is a presentation of real jazz, not an engineer's sleight-of-hand attempt at perfection. It is the work of seasoned musicians in the honest process of improvising and swinging. These recordings capture the spontaneous qualities of musical imagination, which surprise you with a beauty unique to the tradition. To feel joyful and free is the message of jazz. The music that is jazz, regardless of era, has that spirit-groove. Without it, what's the point?
If you get lost on I-10 and end up in NOLA check this band out at the Hi-Ho on Thursday nights. There are worst places you could end up.1st I'd like to start with this albums shortcomings,- It can replicate listening to them in the 7th Ward, leaving the club at 3 a.m., and grabbing a po-boy from Gene'sOtherwise, if you only have memories of your nights in NOLA because your career took you elsewhere, it's a great reminder.
I stumbled upon Gypsy Pacific entirely by chance on a visit to Maui, and they became an instant favorite of mine. Inspired by the work of Django Reinhardt, guitarist Tom Conway assembled the group which included the terrific fiddle player Willy Wainwright and bassist Marcus Johnson. (The band later--after this album--added guitarist Phil Benoit, brother of David and, with wife Angela, "Benoit Jazz Works".) Although they have since broken up, their recorded work remains.These pieces by Tom Conway stand up remarkably well to traditional gypsy jazz works, and have the advantage of being new rather than retreads. These are works I've returned to for years. If you enjoy the genre you should enjoy this album.Gypsy Pacific also recorded an album of gypsy jazz classics* and an album of Hawaiian pieces**.*Hot Gypsy Nights**Wela
Please Don't Talk and Them There Eyes are just wonderful.  Check them out!  All the songs and arrangements are crisp and very fun.  Great old-timey sound.  It is too darn cute that she is playing with her dad and they are both having such a good  old time!  I've had this for 18 months now. Everyone who hears gets that same smile.  Get in on it.
...Now usually as soon as the last chourus is blown, performances like these will fade away except, of course, from the memory of the participants. But Wahington D.C. based trumpeter, Allen Houser, has searched his archives to find eight excellent performances by sundry groups he has worked with in the seventies and eighties. He's the only constant from track to track with tenor saxophonist Buck Hill,the biggest name here, on two tracks.Valve trombonist Bob Balthis is on four, and tenor saxophonist Joe Clark on three. The rhythm section changes over completely with each of the five groups represented. And the venues include a bar, a church hall, an auditorium as well as Balthis's basement and Houser's attic.But, the quality of the music is constant. The sound, while not up to audiophile quality, is far better than most bootlegs I've heard, as good as low-budget on-location recordings can be. The final three tracks featuring a quartet of Clark and Houser, with Reggie Johnson on bass and Jimmy Johnson on drums has the clearest sound, and some of the most adventurous music. A must for aficionados of D.C. jazz and highly recommended to all lovers of regional sounds.David Dupont - Cadence Magazine 1995Culled from informal sessions taped by veteran trumpter Allen Houser, 1970-1980, Looking Back provides powerful testimony to the vitality of the kind of straight-from-the-gut playing that's always percolated just beyond the bounds of the music biz....It's often raw and rough-and-tumble, but that's exactly what jazz used to wear as a badge of honor. Yeah!Chuck Berg - JazzTimes April 1995***THE VENUES & GROUPS***1974: The Rogue & Jar - The Allen Houser Quintet"Four"Allen Houser - TrumpetBuck Hill - Tenor SaxophoneRueben Brown - Electric PianoMarshall Hawkins - BassHarold Chavis - Drums1985: Baird Auditorium - The Allen Houser Quintet"Monk's Mood"Allen Houser - TrumpetBob Balthis - Valve TromboneBob Butta - PianoSteve Bernstien - BassBob Willis Jones - Drums1977: Bob Balthis's Basement - The Allen Houser Sextet"Dizzy Atmosphere"Allen Houser - TrumpetBuck Hill - Tenor SaxophoneBob Balthis - Valve TrombneVince Genova - PianoSteve Novosesl - BassMike Smith - Drums1970: St. Margaret'Church - The Julio Miranda Sextet"Song for My Father""Our Day Will Come"Julio Miranda - Conga DrumsAllen Houser - TrumpetBob Balthis - Valve TromboneMalcom (Professor) Colbert - PianoJerome Gaskins - Baby BassGeorge Dansie - Timbales1979: Houser's Attic - The Joe Clark Quartet"Doxy""Blues for Philly Joe""Peace"Joe Clark - Tenor SaxophoneAllen Houser - TrumpetReggie Johnson - Acoustic BassJimmy (Jihimmini) Johnson - Drums
This Seattle area based, Jazz, R/B influenced vocal group absolutely nails it on their debut album recorded in 2006.  From buttery smooth lead male vocals, to spine tingling chords and bell tones, to amazingly solid bass lines, this group will take you on a ride you won't forget.  Recently starring on a well known national television sing off this group has proven to all that they have a remarkable talent and a brilliant future ahead.  IMHO the best vocals to come out of the PNW since the Wilson sisters. More, please.....
As I watched Groove for Thought tear it up on The Sing Off, I remember thinking 'Wow! What I would give to have an entire album of these guys!' And behold! Seven dollars later... the stars have aligned in my favor! Oh man! The harmonies are so tight and the blend is so smooth!Fire impressions are as follows... Take My Hand, Precious Lord is quite possibly the best rendition of this classic hymn that I have ever heard. And So It Goes is just so rich in its texture and vocal nuance. And! They should definitely cover more Three Dog Night...On a personal note, I LOVE a bit of soul in anything and it is liberally applied on top of some big fat jazz chords. So they definitely get a huge high five for mixing two of my favorite things so well.To all fans of the vocal jazz genre, I highly recommend this album and the 'groove for thought' ratio works out to our favor either way!
Eargasm; that about sums it up.I'm a huge fan of a capella music and have quite an extensive collection, and Groove for Thought is must-have addition.
The greatest thing about this song collection is that it sounds as if the musical arrangement has been remastered yet the vocals have remained untouched, which makes it more enjoyable
This December 1955 performance recorded at the famous Club Saint Germain in Paris is brimming with energy. Bobby is on both flute and tenor sax, and is backed by Sacha Distel on guitar, Ren&eacute; Urtreger on piano, Benoit Quersin on bass and Jean-Louis Viale on drums.A few things to note: this all-European ensemble could easily be mistaken for seasoned US musicians when you first listen to this album. However, on a closer, more critical examination you can hear how they add their own Euro-centric perspective to the music.I would say that this period may be when an American art form that had been embraced by Europeans (and especially French) was actually being assimilated and transformed into a world art form. My reasoning is that the ensemble is not merely copying, but changing the music in subtle ways. The swing is there, but different, as one example. Listen to Night in Tunisia to hear what I am talking about regarding the swing pulse.Don't misunderstand - I am not saying that this ensemble or album is the turning point. It's the period and in this album you can hear those subtle changes that were occurring in other places by other musicians. Or I may be full of crap.Each of the songs are played not only with energy, but innovation. An example is Bag's Groove. It comes off great even without Milt Jackson or a vibraphone. And the aforementioned Night in Tunisia is another song that is superbly played on this album.Check out the sound samples and decide for yourself. If you like what you hear, grab it. If you want more, also considerCool Jazz Sounds.
By the time these tracks were recorded in 1950-1952 Byas had been firmly established in Paris (and greater France.) His playing, like a fine wine, improved with every year and here he had been playing professionally for nearly two decades. So this is about mid point in his career.The sound samples on this page will say more in a few seconds of sound snippets than I can write in thousands of works. On every track Byas' tenor sax engulfs you in its strikingly beautiful tone that is his unique sound.Think of this album as a compilation because its just that - a collection of tracks from sessions recorded in Paris at the Pathe-Pelouze and Technisonor studios in Paris between June 12, 1947 and April 10, 1952. His rhythm sections were fairly constant, comprised of a few select musicians with whom he recorded during this era. Among them on this album are pianists Jacques Dieval and Art Simmons, bassists Lucien Simoens and Joe Benjamin, and drummers Bill Clark and Armand Molinetti.If this album whets your appetite you should check outEssential Jazz Masters, which is a four and half hour compilation of Byas' work that also includes some of the tracks from this album.
Gilad Hekselman is truly one of today's finest jazz guitarist. Although reminiscent of Pat Martino, Pat Metheny and nuances of Jim Hall, his fluid, lyrical, and extended phrasing are uniquely "Gilad" and make his playing a must see and hear. If his first CD entitledSplitlifeis any indication of what is to come from this young player, then we're in for a genuine treat in his next releases. Buy, engage, and enjoy Gilad Hekselman!!!Don't miss...[...]
Yes, later in their years, but true legends Harold Land and Art Farmer have now performed, in their later years, with deep passion, conviction, and with the mature artistic wisdom that very few possess..or ever will. One of my most favorite passions is to listen to virtuoso musicians in their later years..it's something most don't ponder...'what it sounds like..what it feels like..all those core stories that are finally told, finally unfold, revealed, documented, whispered..
After graduating from Dartmouth College in 1962, I drove to Berkeley, California. I was a Wells Fargo bank teller by day and a jazz trumpet player at night. I met Trevor Koehler, a baritone saxophonist, and followed his quartet around, playing rehearsals and gigs. Smiley Winters was the drummer. This tune is my thanks to Trevor for including me in his music. He was the first white guy I knew who was living the "jazz life." He moved to New York in the early 1970's and played/toured with the Gil Evans Orchestra. He was also a part of (and named) a group called "The Insect Trust.""While We're Young" is an Alec Wilder tune I heard Tony Bennett sing on a PBS radio show hosted by Alec. Tenor player Buck Hill went on to record for Steeplechase Records and play in NYC and Europe as well. I believe this is the finest recorded example of his ballad playing artistry."Continue" is perhaps my most complex composition and is intended, hopefully, as an inspiration to "get through" life's difficult transitions,and continue.Another mentor from my California days was tenor player Gentry Baker. I met him at a session in Oakland and we became pals. I used to pick him up at 5:30A.M. and we'd drive over the Bay Bridge to Jack's of Sutter Street, in the Fillmore district of San Francisco, to sit in with Richard "Groove" Holmes at the Saturday morning jam sessions. (It was the one and only time I played with "Philly" Joe Jones.) One day, on the phone, I asked Gentry how a musician friend we knew was playing. Gentry said, "He Had It But He Lost It."This album was licensed to Bomba Records, Tokyo, in 1994
This is the best collection of spirituals sung from a male soloist I have ever come across.  Listening to Mr. Moses sing this spirituals penetrates to the very soul.  I travel quite a bit for my job, and I will listen to this album on the plane.  All of my concerns about work and home seem to fade away and I gain strength from the message this recording brings.
In my opinion the pinnacle of the Jazz Messengers' 1958 Paris performances was captured on December 21, 1958 (a day after my 10th birthday) on this great album:At Club Saint-Germain Volumes 1 to 3.While I continue to stand by my assertion that the Club Saint-Germain date is the best recorded work of their stay, this one stands next to it in energy and as some of the best music that any of the many incarnations of the Jazz Messengers every produced. In my opinion, of course.The line up is  Art Blakey (drums), Benny Golson (tenor saxophone); Lee Morgan (trumpet), Bobby Timmons (piano) and Jimmy Merritt (bass). There are rumors that Bud Powell sat in, but I cannot find any evidence of that and since the piano does not change throughout the tracks, I truly believe that Bobby Timmons was the sole pianist.Tracks comprising this album spanned two widely separated nights: November 22, 1958 (Tracks 1, 2, 3) and December 17, 1958 (Tracks 4, 5, 6, 7. The latter session was less than a week before the Club Saint-Germain gig and set a pretty high bar that they managed to exceed during that later performance. That's not to say that this one was inferior in any way - there is little I would not give to have been at any of those Paris performances.This is a must-have album - if for no other reason than both Golson and Morgan are on it. Add to the fact that they were playing their butts off, and this becomes an essential album for Jazz Messenger fans (or anyone who loves hard bop from this period.)
A wickedly funky and aptly titled album... going more in the direction of funk than soul Jazz the album is groovy, jivey and makes ya wanna bump your runt...  Among the surprizes include a really uptempo (but funky version) of Will It Go Round Circles...  The title track *IMHO* actually beats Lou Donaldson's classic version...and Living For The City again cranks uptempo and is so jivey and groovy... and Marbles is some prime early '70s fusion funk at its best... Side Show is pretty cool too (and shows off more of his guitar work.)  O'Donel Levy's singing also ain't bad..The only track I could have lived without is ARE YOU FOOLIN' ME (too much weed?) - - however, the rest of the album is really hitting !Most interestingly, the album does not showcase O'Donel's skills as a guitarist like some of his other albums did... in many ways the studio band (arranged by Dave Matthews of James Brown fame) steals the show (check out his album SHOOGIE WANNA BOOGIE on Kudo!) - - yet I think the album is way groovier than Simba...
Well, if you like Chinese music from the 30's and 40's, with that old-fashioned sound as if voices are still echoing around somewhere back there 70 years ago, then this is a good one! I do not understand more than a few words of Mandarin, but find the sound and atmosphere of this music very enjoyable. I have not listened to it with a critical ear, so am unwilling to comment on the quality of the recordings, but nothing pops out unfavorably. This is perfect for what I wanted.
This 1994 CD, released some six years following the death of Chet Baker, is a major addition to his discography. The trumpeter, who seemed to go into the studio almost obsessively during the last dozen years of his life, is heard in what seems to be a well thought out session with an impressive cast. The rhythm section of Kenny Barron, Charlie Haden, and Ben Riley ranks as one of the best that ever accompanied Baker, resulting in some very inspired playing all around. Flautist James Newton is added for the gorgeous "Lament" (a reworking of the old spiritual "Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child" and not the J. J. Johnson composition of the same name). The imaginative take of Miles Davis' "Four" begins with just Haden accompanying Baker's vocal, before tuba player Howard Johnson takes Baker's place, with the leader eventually adding his trumpet to what finally becomes a trio. Johnson's tuba also makes an interesting substitute for Gerry Mulligan's baritone sax in the original recording of "Line for Lyons," though it's impossible for him to achieve the lyricism of its composer in his famous recording; Barron also sits out this number. Baker takes to Haden's moody "Ellen David" like it was a part of his regular repertoire. A snappy arrangement of Gershwin's "But Not for Me" is followed by the intriguing "Prayer for the Newborn," a fairly modern ballad penned by Dennis Luxion. It's a shame that Barron and Haden didn't have more opportunities to record with Chet Baker, as the results within this release show a considerable chemistry between them. Out of print since the demise of Stash in the mid-1990s, this very unusual session is worth the intense search likely required to obtain it.Personnel:Chet Baker (vocals, trumpet);Howard Johnson (tuba);James Newton (flute);Kenny Barron (piano);Charlie Haden (bass);Ben Riley (drums)Tracks:1. Lament (traditional) 6:542. Four (Davis) 4:363. Line for Lyons (Mulligan) 6:324. Ellen David (Haden) 8:355. But Not for Me (Gershwin/Gershwin) 6:256. Prayer for the Newborn (Luxion) 7:54
This band has never gotten much attention. They are simply at their best live and this album has the best collection of live material besides the live, bootleg recordings I can no longer find. The Slip are two brothers, Brad and Andrew Barr, who play guitar and drums and Mark Friedman who plays bass. They are all complete masters at their instruments and they groove so well together. This isn't what  I would call hippy music. It has some electronic elements even though there aren't any samplers or drum machines. There is a strong jazz element which doesn't exactly feel like jazz or rock. It has a strong feeling and atmosphere and the album seems to float in my mind when I think back on it. I have loved this album for many years and I believe I will always cherish it. One of the few albums I've bought multiple times. I couldn't recommend the studio albums with the same enthusiasm but the first and third album are pretty good which I believe are Live from the Gecko(which isn't a live album) and Angles Come On Time. These songs are something else entirely. The energy and emotion captured in these songs is incredible. The focus is more on the sounds than a song craft. There are lyrics to some of the songs but the best songs are musical explorations or what feels to be exploration. If you appreciate that music can be wonderful if done well no matter what the genre then you will surely find many things you like in this music.
I'm a fan of Bossa Nova, but I had never heard of Steve Barta before sampling on Amazon.com.  His style is inventive and certainly a pleasure to listen to.  I'll be looking for more releases from this very talented artist.
What a beautiful and warm album.  We love listening to this disc on Saturday mornings to unwind from the week.  I don't know if it's the music, the lyrics or the warmth from the artist, but the disc really does warm us up like summer.  She has such a lovely and unique voice and the songs aren't like any other artist I can think of.  We definitely give this one a ten.
I heard this track randomly and had to have it!!! Once I found it, I was immediately hooked and I played it for an entire weekend!
A friend introduced me to this recording in 1989.At the time, i had little interest in Jazz or fusion, as i was fully immersed in the sounds of Hard rock virtuosos like Edward Van Halen & Randy Rhoads.Of course, "Gamalon" changed all of that.The otherworldly chordal strikes, introducing the blazing "Billy's Saloon", immediately capitivated me.It was cerebral, sophisticated & completely musical.The interesting thing about Gamalon, is despite the blinding virtuosity, the songs are fully formed ideas.None of the material is merely a vehicle for self indulgence or mindless shredding.These songs stand on their own."Black Licorice" is unique, stating a menacing funk groove, before moving onto a more dreamy, elastic guitar workout.The solo abruptly switches gears, though, with a Dimeola inspired stacatto approach, and an interesting contrast."Cabin #14" opens with a clean, asian-flavored, chiming guitar motif.Soon, another guitar quotes the initial melody, in a higher register.The effect is almost mesmerizing, as the second guitar recites the melody, with some beautiful tremolo inflections.This particular song also features one of the most intoxicating guitar solos i've heard, before or since.The way it builds, the phrasing, the deliberate jump in sound midway (i believe George steps on one of his pedals at this point), where the sheer velocity of the notes is upon the listener, like swarming bees.It is simply a work of art.Musically, Gamalon has seemingly no limitations.They are never stiff or sterile, always playing their fusion-esque lines with a rock inspired feel.They bend notes, the drummer hit's hard, the Bass is prominent.None of them seem the least bit intimidated recording their debut, or offending the Jazz purists.I would have liked to see this particular recording achieve crossover success, attaining the heights of something along the lines of Beck's "Blow by Blow" or Satriani's "Surfing with the Alien."It probablly could have, had more people been exposed to it.
This album came out in 1987. The band and music are great but what makes this cd special for me is the amazing quality of the guitar sound.
I recently stumbled across this CD on Amazon quite by accident. What a stroke of luck that was. If you like gypsy jazz, you will love this CD. And if you are unfamiliar with the genre but like jazz in general, then this CD will probably make you a fan. If it doesn't, nothing will.What makes this CD especially refreshing is the fact that the tunes are not merely rehashes of Django Reinhardt, etc. Everything was written by guitarist Marc Daine, who has produced some wonderfully interesting and beautiful melodies.Although I have some background in music, I am not a musician, so I cannot impress you with technical details about what makes this music so good. But I can say this: Whenever I cannot stop my right foot from tapping while I listen to music ...well, let's just say that this CD comes highly recommended by *both* of my tapping feet.Ghs
This CD is great, the sound of the orchestra is like a Big Band, with the sound of the saxophones and trumpet. The Director made a good mixing of the singers, taking the best of them with the songs.For me is one of the best works of salsa and latin music during the 2008.
This is really great music. I particularly love this because it features a young Renee Fleming before her international opera fame.
The "Jazz in Paris: series is an astounding mine of auditory gems. Each one is wonderful in its own right. These may not be definitive performances, but for someone looking to gain new material, they are a gateway to a lost world.This volume is a pleasant entry. Not too challenging for the beginning listener, but still rewarding for an aficionado. Excellent rendition of "Angel Eyes" makes this feel very Noir. It is Paris after dark after all.
Joe had left NYC for London when this album came out. I could no longer see him live at the Lady's Fort or Rasheed Ali's Ali's Alley. This album captures Wilson at his best with musicians he regularly played with. It is a joy.
this is a great album!  with a solid blend of dark drum and bass and hindi style and sounds this is one of the best albums i have heard in years.  up there with Talvin Singh's OK. great use of bansuri and other traditional indian instruments coupled with fat beats and heavy bass.  all without getting overly repetitive or boring (as D&B can get sometimes). what a pleasure!
I love this song. Great quality from download. I use it for my alarm tone every day. Gooooooooood Moooorrrrrnnnnin to me!!!!!
My son posted this on his face book in memory of his grandmother when she passed away last fall. It reminds me of my Mom's attitude of life and Louis was one of her favorits.
Rest in Peace & Light my dears Brado and  Boujee. Brado, when you passed on to kitty heaven, your brother Boujee could not live without you, no matter how much we loved him. Find the treats, dinners and wah-wah-waaaahs, and love each other. This song will always bring happy memories of you both.I miss you both terribly, my sweet Mous Ombr&eacute; and my B-Rod. Love, Mommy
A lively and entertaining walk down memory lane, full of spirit and charm from a bygone era.  A great purchase for any music lover.
I first heard this (well the TCB version on LP - &#34; Jammin' with Herbie&#34; and &#34;Takin' Care of Business with Donald Byrd&#34;) in the late 70s as a teenager and it remains for me an absolutely formative recording of this brilliant quintet. It introduced me to the music of these giants, and what a wonderful introduction! It stands tall after hundreds of listenings since then. It is an outstanding display of great jazz ensemble writing and playing, a fine selection of standards and originals, and superb improvisations from jazz masters - Adams and Byrd already as mature stylists, Herbie still only 20 years old, showing a great deal of mastery of jazz idiom, but already a strong voice of his own which would only continue to grow rapidly over the next decade, during which time his steep ascent as a giant of jazz piano would be well recorded for all to marvel at. This was apparently his first recording. I still marvel at this one! And the under-appreciated great Laymon Jackson on bass and drumming great Jimmy Cobb make for a very sympathetic rhythm section under the brilliant front line. The bootleg versions of this recording use alternative tune titles. Several  of the tunes have delightful extended piano choruses at the start from Herbie. Other re-spliced versions of these tunes with additional solos also exist and turn up on bootleg anthologies! Much more music must have been laid down at this recording session&#8220;Out of This World&#8221; (&#8220;T.C.B. with Herbie&#8221;) features very thoughtful chordal piano musings from young Hancock whose mastery of so much piano was already in evidence here. Also a delight is Donald Byrd's trumpet melody work and the clever and very tasteful reharmonisation of Arlen's marvellous tune. &#8220;Curro's&#8221;(&#8220;Jammin' with Herbie&#8221;) has a similar form and hard bop language to &#34;Moanin'&#34;, but creates a very different mood, and each player excels. Mancini's fine &#8220;Mr. Lucky Theme&#8221;(&#8220;Rock Your Soul&#8221;) is given an uptempo treatment with two fine Hancock choruses that show his fluent inventiveness and his capacity to build a solo to a climax. In the midst of this are three superb Adams choruses, which show his unfailing sound, muscularity, drive, and melodic imagination and his advanced improvisatory language.&#8220;Bird House&#8221; (&#8220;Herbie's Blues&#8221;) has wonderful laid back improvisations from all on the back of a delightful medium tempo hard bop melody. The interplay between Hancock and Adams on &#8220;Day Dream&#8221;(&#8220;Soul Power&#8221;) is quite beautiful, with Pepper showing some of the tender side of his playing on this Strayhorn ballad. &#8220;I'm an Old Cowhand&#8221; (&#8220;Cat Call&#8221;) is taken at a cracking tempo, and Adams tears into some relentless improvisatory magic in chorus after chorus of his fiery, authoritative, logical, melodically inventive playing. A hard act to follow, but Byrd eventually seems to assert his turn and and beautifully contrasts with a much more laid back, cooler solo.  Perhaps this isn't Byrd's finest recording (there is no shortage of vintage Byrd elsewhere) but to this listener, Pepper Adams is at his peak, and Hancock is clearly a rising star, and this is a recording that never fails to astonish and delight me as I listen to it.Audiophiles will find flaws in the balance in places and the piano is not well tuned. None of this matters at all, as the music rises so far above these considerations. All jazz listeners would do well to have this recording in their collection.
Crystal White has been living and performing in Italy for years.  What a treat to have her pure, sensual and soulful voice finally available on our shores.  From the very beginning of "Moanin" through her rendition of Miss Holiday's "Fine and Mellow" Ms. White's delivery penetrates to one's core.  Top shelf jazz vocals, by any measure!
This an exceptional Boogaloo, Funky selection. Harkening back to the days of SWEET LOU DONALDSON & LONNIE SMITH Every Cut makes you want to Groove. Be shure to get this one !!!PS: Last May I ordered two of these CD's from the PIPPO website in Italy. Still don't have the CD's ?? They took my money but never even sent me a Thank You.???
This is Big Tea at his best.  If you think you like Teagarden, you'll love his work after hearing this historical collection.  Indispensable for the collector.
Garcia is a great pianist and this CD is soo relaxing; it's amazing; I love this kind of Jazz.
I love this music. The tapping of the feet to Rudolph or any of the other catchy tunes (which we all know from all of the Bing Crosby versions of years past) is such a refreshing change for the holiday season.I dont know the official rhythms of the songs, but i read that a few of them are played to a Tango beat, which is sooo cool. Anyway, i like how many of the songs start off a bit slow and then pause and then really pick up the beat.I wanted to give these out as christmas gifts, but, unfortunately the CD was not available, so i downloaded all the album from the Amazon digital music shop, which is actually very easy and quite cheap. I also made a few ringtones for the holiday season for my cell phone.Highly recommended.
I guess not many people are interested in a Christmas album patterned after the gypsy-jazz stylings of guitarist and composer Django Reinhardt... only because they have no idea how fun this music is.Each year at Christmas, I come back to this album as my favorite for the season. It's fun, creative... and practically no one knows about it. Take a chance, drop the $7 or whatever and download it. I promise you, you won't be sorry.
Anyone who knows this forerunner of Negro spiritual arrangers after Emancipation, where the music became an art form and printed in the European musical style in the late nineteenth century, Burleigh has in his treasured compositions some art songs, unheard of and I'd come across Lovely and and lonely one, the poetry of Langston Hughes set to music and was at awe.  My recital in partial fulfillment of the Master of Arts degree in Music focuses on Heine and Schumann's setting of Dichterliebe and several African American Arts songs by Price, Bonds, and even present-day Caucasian Ricky Ian Gordan, who writes for Audra McDonald. This is a treasure.
This is a great session that somehow stayed under my radar until now. I guess because of lackluster reviews, I never really bothered to check this guy out.  I knew he'd played in the later era Tony Williams band, but he didn't really jump out at me. This recording, on the other hand, is just primo deluxe - excellent from start to finish. I'd sampled a bit of each tune here on the Amazon website and thought, &#34;Yeah, this is pretty good, I'll buy it...&#34;  When I finally sat down and listened to the whole thing, I was VERY glad I'd taken a chance on it.  The piano player, James Williams is really great on this, too. The rhythm section of John Lockwood and Keith Copeland is very strong, too (bass & drums, respectively).Hey, BONUS - this release has a gorgeous version of Isfahan.  Hard to believe they didn't include it on the original release.  Guess that platter was full-up already.  Alright.  You're gonna like this.  Trust me.Bop!
I have one album & plan on more from this fantastic group!!!  This music is timeless, & everyone likes to party with tunes like these!!!  Smart, Cool, & Suave tunes that really blast out happy tunes!!!  like New Orleans used to be___
Ok so my first introduction was hearing a sample on the Bacardi Rum commercial. This introduced me to the wonderful world of electroswing. The three songs on this EP are a great price and a wonderful way to see if you will like this style. As for me Parov Stelar is one I will be following for a while.
If I had to pick two albums that showcase Chet's prowess on his horn, it would be this one andBird and Chet At the Trade Winds. This album was recorded about three years after the one with Bird, on October 24,1955 at the Path&eacute;-Magellan studio in Paris. A long way from the fiery 1952 jam session in Inglewood, CA both geographically and musically.One major reason I love this album, aside from Chet's incredible tone and effortless playing, is the choice of musicians who backed him on this session. G&eacute;rard Gustin on piano, Jimmy Bond on bass and Bert Dahlander on drums were perfect - in my opinion - for backing this horn because they gave him a solid foundation to float over.Of the tracks I loved Summertime the best, but Tenderly also grabbed me. Chet had a knack for getting inside your soul with his music, and for various reasons he accomplishes this on every track.If you want Baker at his lyrical, dreamy best, this is the album to get.
Packed with soaring trio solos, enthralling artistry, passionate artistry and classymelodic trio sounds, The Pat Bianchi Trio gave another enduring hit with `3-Osity, aorgan trio date that also ranks along with his finest and beloved albums.  Releasedin 2005, his trio (known as Tri-Ocity from 2000 to 2006) showcased an atmospherichit that gave jazz fans and growing legions of admirers a highly sophisticated pieceof music making where it features brilliant guitar solos from the band's guitarist andtimeless beauty that is both exhilarating and relaxing for the senses.  Consisting ofof a track list featuring fresh original compositions, like Inception, The Whole Thing,the beautifully-crafted Snow Interlude (Quiet After The Storm), the electrifying songScufflin, Dienda, Off Shore and Second String.  Plus, Bianchi gives direct takes onstandards, like notably Jimi Hendrix' The Wind Cries Mary, Una Mas, Steve Allen'sThis Could Be The Start Of Something Big, and Joanne Brackeen's Trinkle Trinkle,for which he perform with equally startling results.  `3-Osity will give you a true andpleasant listening experience that will always remain as timeless as ever.
Everybody:Umberto it's a guitar hero but most important it's a phenomenal musician that deserve attention from the USA public. He's at the same level of the most world celebrated guitarist and I hardly reccomend to check him out, you'll be please.
...I should alo add to my review that there are also piano/straight bop ensemble tracks on this album too (not to give the impression to anyone without real audio that this is an all organ combo album.)
I listened to Frank Morgan after reading glowing words of praise by Michael Connelly in his Harry Bosch series of novels.  Yes, Frank is one of the best jazz sax players you will ever listen to. This is a must have album for jazz fans.
Nice horns!  Wait til you hear Poor Boy! Have you Nick Drake fans listened to this??  Really nice jazz solos here.  Nick's songs that you associate with just his guitar stand up so well to the horn arrangements. You could enjoy these songs without knowing the originals, but being a Nick Drake fan, I really appreciate these strikingly original interpretations of those deceptively fragile seeming melodies.
I first heard about Eddies South via Cassandra Wilson's Facebook page.  The money was tight and the time was not right so I put it in my Wish List and forgot about it.  Today, I was trolling Amazon as usual and gave it another listen and decided to give it a try.  (Yeah, I just got paid.)  Let me tell you, get this and get this now and enjoy some of the best music you have never heard.  This is beautiful music by a very under rated violinist.  I was so excited after listening to this CD I also purchased the Black Gypsy.My favorite is &#34;Blues in the Night&#34;.
This is one of a set of 5 CDs released in 2000 by Avid. The Trio comprises Ralph Sharon on piano, Lennie Bush on bass and Jack Parnell on drums, all of whom played in the Ted Heath orchestra at some time. Lennie Bush also played in Jack Parnell's ATV orchestra. The other CDs in the series feature the music of George Gershwin, Jerome Kern, Cole Porter, and Irving Berlin. There are 24 tracks of tunes by Rodgers including two medleys of a trio of tunes and a final track composed by Ralph Sharon called `Blues for Rodgers and Hart'. This is a lovely mixture of slow and fast tunes given a soft jazz interpretation. The tempo at which some of the tunes are played are not the ones we hear most often - so we feel like we are hearing well established standards for the first time.
This is an album where the best of material is arranged and played in a consistently delightful manner, from song to song. The talented Richard Rogers, wherever he is, ia applauding the musical and magical trio presentations of his compositions. This is one of my favorite albums, I bought it over a year ago and I take it to the gym often. Ralph Sharon has made me a happy listener and I am going to purchase another of his "MAGIC" albums on this day!
This is the same album asPhenil Isopropil Amine. It was recorded over a two day period (December 19 & 20, 1958) in Paris at the Hoche studio.Jaspar had moved to the US two years earlier and was immersed in the US scene. That may account for why there is a much different feel to this album that, say, some of his earlier work before emigrating. This album sounds like something what would be arranged and performed by the Modern Jazz Quartet instead of the more bop-oriented music he was recording in France. Compare the sound samples on this album toCool Jazz Sounds, a compilation of two sessions in 1955. Or even his late 1955 live performance captured inJazz In Paris - Modern Jazz au Club St-Germain. Perhaps some of the direction in this album is influenced by Jaspar's collaboration with Milt Jackson the year before in the 1957Bags & Flutes.All of the tracks feature Jaspar on flute, and all fit a certain theme - easy, lightly swinging tunes that are airy and, well, cool.  He is backed by the great Kenny Clarke on drums, Humberto Canto on additional percussion instruments, Paul Rov&egrave;re on bass and Michel Hausser on vibraphone.  On There Will Never Be Another You, Le JAMF and Memory of Dick the bass and vibraphone are by Jazz Messenger bassist Jymie Merritt and Sadi Lallemand respectively.This is a bit off the beaten path of typical Bobby Jaspar albums, but stands out because of how consistently the album adheres to a sound theme. I personally love it, and I am willing to bet that anyone who is a fan of the Modern Jazz Quartet will find this album enjoyable as well.
I have owned this album since it's release date and have never grown tired of listening to it. There is not a wasted track on the album. "Virus" in particular is an amazing song.
Definitely puts me in a Paris state of mind. Lovely music from a great jazz man. This is a keeper and I cannot wait to get it on vinyl for a beautiful musical experience.
Good bands, great Byas saxophone. The ballad master at work - warm, romantic, and elegant. Overall, seems lik a Byas portrait of Paris - sweet release.
While a masterful player of hard bop and swing, this album mainly shows off Byas' artistry as a ballad player - perhaps without equal among tenor players. Every piece here is a gem.
I went looking for some Louis Prima after hearing his music in a Treme' episode.  I really like this album and it grows on more with each listen.  The sound must have been reworked as its really CD quility not the typical poor broken sound you get with most recordings from this era.  Excellent album.
Sounds like the 70's George Duke music which I have always loved.Andrew JasonArlington, TX
Can get a bit monotonous if listening to all pieces in sequence. Recommend using these songs with others on shuffle mode.
There's really no other word to describe this product other than spectacular!  Downloaded it with the Amazon MP3 downloader, and the quality is perfect! Definitely recommend to you oldies lovers out there!
1. Senor Blues2. I Walk With Music3. I Betcha A Rainbow4. I'd Rather Ride An Elephant5. I Don't Know You6. Cheaper To Keep You7. Unchain My Heart8. Going To Chicago9. Ruby10. Hey Lady11. I Wanna Know12. On Green Dolphin Street13. Just A Little Kiss14. Stormy Monday Blues
Since there are no other reviews and Amazon's description is sparse, I would just like to mention that this is the first (chronological) item listed in Ben Ratliff'sThe New York Times Essential Library: Jazz: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings(A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings).
With Vesala on drums, Jasper Vant Hof on keyboards (and with very unique sounds - all analog) and the 'Mahavishnu era Mclaughling' influenced Toto Blanke you get one hell of a dynamic trio. All the pieces seem to have been constructed around the analog keyboard (some tremendous sequencer drenched pieces!) and although the jazz element is always present there is also a strong progressive and mid 70s fusion style. Don't let the 'fusion' word scare you as here that is precisely what gives this record a strong original sound (rather than coming up with yet another Mahavishnu, Return to Forever or Weather Report copy). For example, Toto plays the mandolin on one piece and is one of the most memorable solos of the album. Also, Vant Hof really shines in his soloing and sounds picked. Vesala is, as always, just the perfect poly rhythmic drummer capable of monster grooves too. If you like melodic yet experimental fusion or like Krautrock at it's most creative than download this baby now! you won't regret it!
This is easily one of my most favorite albums. The combined talents of these three maestros create musical magic. The range, versatility, power and beauty of the singing of Pandit Jasraj, who has one of the silkiest-voices, is an aural delight as is the playing of the bamboo flute by Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia, one of the most amazing flutist. They are joined after the first movement by Pandit Zakir Hussain, an absolute wizard on the tabla (drums). The dynamic interplay between the three is simply amazing, especially when they 'dialogue' with each other. And they are obviously having great fun performing together at this concert.Those with some familiarity with Indian classsical music will at least appreciate this album; those who love improvisations will love it, and novices to this particular genre might want to give it a try.
This is one of the absolute best Jugalbandis, live performance...I was lucky enough to see Chaurasia and Zakhir Husain Jugalbandi.. Hopefully Jasraj some day.God bless their souls.
Georges Arvanitas was a major figure on the scene  in French jazz.Born in 1931 of Greek parents who emigrated from Turkey he started classical lessons at four and gravitated to jazz.By the time he was 18 he was on the scene with others like Pierre Michelot and Rene Urtreger as a major player who gigged with everyone from Chet to Dex.A long career and catalog exists of this straight ahead Bud/Bill Evans influenced player exists (best to check his Wikipedia entry better than the abysmal one at allmusic).His first really major release were two really rare (unfortunately not only hugely expensive originals but also Japan CD's) on the Pretoria label with two trios one with "3 A.M." with Doug Watkins and Art Taylor  and "Breakfast For Three" with Gene Taylor on bass and Louis Hayes on drums.He was then was one of the most sought after sessiomen in France and had dozens of great LP's as leader.Here in a 1986 session re-issued on CD in low numbers in 2007 he is joined by bassist Stephane Persiani and drummer Charles Suadrais both well respected men in the filed.Not only is the musician ship here terrific but the the song selection is a mix of a few originals and sure fire standards:1. Night In Tunisia2.Dolphin Dance3. Lush Life4. My Love Goes Through Time5. In A Sentimental Mood6. All Blues7.Charles'tone8. Round About Midnight9. Windows10. Blues For Joe11. Misty12. Blue Monk13. Once I Love14. Lullaby Of FlorenceWith a song selection like that how could it miss?well if Arvanitas was not a consummate bop pro at the height of of his powers it could.Fortunately you can by it as a download here (alas not a CD) and therefore check out his chops.If your a fan of piano that straddles pure bop of Bud with the more modern developments  than take listen to this Lp while is available here.You will be pleased I hope as I was to have found it in any form and will if you dig it like I do grab anything you can get your mits on by this jazz trio/accompanist master.Take listen!!!!!!!!!!CheersChazz
Shamelessly, I'll say I knew Jeff in school. His style, sense of humor, and personality come through in his arrangements and selection.  I'm no expert on the French horn but it has a reputation of being fiendishly hard to play. Jeff makes it seem effortless and fun. I bought this from him several years ago, loaned it to a friend and never saw it again. Had to have it back.
I bought this album about 2 years ago and see that it STILL has no reviews. I might as well be the 1st..... These songs are before my time, but I really like a lot of the songs from the WWII era and Doris Day's early songs are among the best. This album has her early songs from 1940-1948.... The sound quality is great and the songs are great. Some of my favorites are: Barbara Allen (1941), While The Music Plays On (1940), My Dreams Are Getting Better All The Time (1945), A Red Kiss On A Blue Letter (1945), Sentimental Journey (1945), You Won't Be Satisfied (Until You Break My Heart) (1945), It's Magic (1948), and Pretty Baby (1947). This album has 49 songs and they all sound very good. I've been very happy with this album purchase.
I was actually surprised to discover this was essentially "German Jazz," because I don't normally associate Germany with soulful jazz.  This album most certainly is, though, and is a special treat for those who are fans of the double bass.  One of my complaints against a lot of jazz is the burying of the double bass in the background, difficult to hear and put in a position far below the melody instruments.  On "Bass Trio," that's the opposite -- each song prominently features the instrument up front, and even when the piano and drums are carrying a portion of a song, the double bass is loud and clear.Part of this is due to being a trio -- note that it is not "three basses" -- and the bass doesn't need to fight for sonic space.  But most importantly, many of these standards are reworked around the double bass.  The most significant change, in my opinion, is to "A Night In Tunisia," which is typically a very upbeat song.  Here, "Tunisia" is about half the speed it's typically played at, and becomes a somber, melancholic tune.  Perhaps more about remembering a lonely night in Tunisia, compared to other versions of the song, and it shines strongly at this tempo with this trio.That's true for many of the songs -- while standards are all-too common, and I think why this album is generally overlooked, the modern spin afforded here makes for few duds.  "Georgia On My Mind" sounds like it was made for this album, and "So What" moves the standard bassline up front even further.  "All Blues" starts and ends the album, both with and without the band.  The solo version was very likely inspired by the version put out by Brian Bromberg on his "Wood" album, and while the Bromberg version is inspired, the solo here certainly holds a candle to it -- especially considering the fact that apparently no one's heard of Bernd Heitzler.Highly recommended, and one of my favorite albums.  I'll admit that I'm a double bass player, so I'm biased, but it doesn't diminish my enjoyment at all.
I was on a trip to Canada with a friend who is really into learning French.  His daughter gave him a CD of this.  He played it in the car and I just loved it.  The minute I got home I had my son download it.  I have played this over and over again.  It is beautiful!  I don't know french, but it is a wonderful CD.  This lady can sing!!!!!!!Pat Morgan
This adventurous collection of music consists of three clarinetists - bass, alto and soprano which create a strange and beautiful mix of intersecting lines and infectious counterpoint.  Led by German composer Gebhard Ullmann, the trio weaves its way through intricate arrangements with lots of improvisation and wonderful inflection from each marvelous player.The melodies are haunting, especially "Deja Vu (the Theme)" - and "Seven 9-8".  Tempos vary from very slow and free, to a medium, throbbing pulse of arpeggioed/variated lines.  The style of the music itself is roughly a mixture of 20th century modern and free jazz, but with an overall tailored and arranged feel.  The ambient mix is that of a small, dry (non-reverb) room - a very intimate feeling.If you came upon this selection through your quest for clarinet music (as I did) or for adventurous small groups, I cannot overemphasize my recommendation for this recording.
A fantastic collection of songs sung by barbershop quartets from all around the country.  Exciting sound.  Wonderful blend of voices.  Everyone seems to be having fun!
This is one fine dixe band,so enjoy them. Seen them on U-Tube and went toAmazon to look for cdc's and found this, glad i did.
Clarence Profit was a brilliant pianist whose short career ended tragically early.  He played in the lounge of the Times Square Hotel in NYC during the early 40s.  It is truly obscene that this fine music is unavailable.  The recording is passable, but the playing is often sublime.
Marc,Your CD "Rhodes Ahead" is the definitive synthesizer blue print for us synthesizer wanna be's. From Chris Jasper of the Isley Bro.'s, Larry Dunn Of Earth, Wind & Fire, Kashif(B.T. Express), Stevie Wonder, Marc Cary, Roy Ayers, Erykah Badu,& Outkast, y'all put the sythesizer back on the map. I'm right behind ya'll...SG_7...A'ight then, In a minute...
The best compilation of the Brazilian tropicalismo movement. Especially designed for people who don't know a thing about Brazilian music, but easily the best thing for anyone who cares and enjoys this cultural treasure.
Your Brazilian music collection can start right here. Just download this album, enjoy it, and then explore each of the artists highlighted here.David Byrne put this compilation together in the late 80's, exploring some of the key artists of the Brazilian scene. This is not the Bossa Nova music of the early 60's -- it's mainly from the next generation of artists that grew up in the late 60's and became successful in the 70's onward.Every track here is a classic, and every artist is a master. It's a hugely enjoyable listen that I come back to over and over, and it's a compilation that introduced me to some great artists.There are several other albums in this series -- all are worth buying.
Maravilha de colecao de musicas natalinas com um tom bem brasileiro que nos faz lembrar nosso pais e nossa cultura. Excelente escolha principalmente para aqueles que vivem fora do Brasil.
John (Handy) was (or IS) a great talent, of the alto saxophonists of the recent past! He made some "debut" albums for Columbia/CBS ... and had earlier recordings, also. His late-60s group ... with Michael White (violin), Jerry Hahn (guitar), Don Thompson (bass) and Terry Clarke (drums) ... had some EXCELLENT recordings. ... This download, from some sets at Yoshi's Nightspot, has John in very-good form.
My grandparents had this album on vinyl.  The company that pressed it on vinyl back in the late 1950's to early 1960's put sand in the vinyl.  I  read this on-line on a site called both sides now.  Even brand new records that were freshly opened had pops and crackle because of this.  The word cheap comes to mind.  In addition;  this album was also pressed earlier on the Modern label MST 808;  with a different picture on the album cover.  There was a Crown distribution CST 188,  anotherCrown version CST 556 and CST 482 which came out with-in several years with different album covers.These mentioned versions all had identical recorded tracks.  Then there were various Mono numbers issued as well.It is so nice to finally hear this recording in a crystal clear digital version.  When I was growing up;  my grandparents would put this record on the Magnavox console and we would dance around the room.....  Oh,  what fun it was.You will not be disappointed in this selection....  there are many upbeat selections to be heard.Tommy
I purchased both Collections and Collections II of Stacey's and I must say I thoroughly enjoy her music. She has a sweet voice that just soothes your cares away. She also has a great band backing her, and they can swing too. I chose to buy the collections to get a wide sampling of her music, and was not disappointed in the least. Money well spent....
This classic album from the Sacramento band Mind Club, has held up the test of time.  Its groovy base lines, melodic guitars, inspiring key just lul me into a sense of pure awesome.  Highly recommend Soul Sex Worship.
this was one of my favorite albums and .I could never find the cd.  This was the first time I downloaded from you and I'm more than.pleased
After taking on the formidable task of tackling the songbook of Thelonious Monk, guitarist Andy Summers sets his sights on another jazz giant, bassist Charles Mingus.While the Monk project is a musical curve ball in terms of Summers' usual style, this has more of the comfortable jazz-rock fusion feel that Summers' fans are familiar with. In fact, even though the songs are all Mingus tunes, they sound very much like Summers' compositions.The lineup of supporting musicians is stellar as always. In addition to Dave Carpenter on bass and Joel Taylor on drums, the players include Randy Brecker on trumpet, Nick Ariondo on accordion, Hank Roberts on cello, John Novello on Hammond B-3 organ, Geetha Bennett on vocals, veena, and tamboura, Rob Thomas on violin, Michito Sanchez on percussion, Curtis Fowlkes on trombone, The Jazz Passengers, and The Kronos Quartet.The album also features guest appearances by Blondie vocalist Deborah Harry on &#8220;Weird Nightmare&#8221; and rapper Q-Tip, who recites Mingus's poem &#8220;Where Can a Man Find Peace?&#8221; over Summers' stunning, stinging rendition of &#8220;Goodbye Pork Pie Hat.&#8221;This is another fine showcase for Summers' patented brand of guitar wrangling.
I loved the Police, they did some fantastic albums, if you are looking for something like that this isn't it. I am also an avid fan of Jazz and I have a couple of albums by Charles Mingus who's tunes are represented on this &aacute;lbum. The music is warm and engaging and in my opini&oacute;n of a very high quality. I don't think many rock guitarists could make an &aacute;lbum like this though I could be wrong. However, if you liked the p&oacute;lice and are looking for a different kind or are open to a new type of listening experience give it a try, you might enjoy it.
This disc/download is one half of a somewhat obscure but fabulous 1960 Coleman Hawkins session that always seemed to be rather hard to find. Originally available on a 2-LP set, then on two cd's, the complete recordings are currently available via two separate downloads costing just under nine bucks total. (Here's the amazon link for the other tracks:Hawk Swings). This is prime material, showing that the great tenor player kept adapting to the times, a beautiful blending of classic Hawk with modern overtones.The personnel and tracks are as follows:Coleman Hawkins - tenor saxophoneThad Jones - trumpetEddie Costa - piano and vibesGeorge Duvivier - bassOsie Johnson - drumsThis disc/download includes:1 - Cloudy2 - Almost Dawn3 - Stake Out4 - Cross Town5 - ShadowsThe other disc/download (Hawk Swings) includes:1 - Bean In Orbit2 - After Midnight3 - Hassle4 - Moodsville5 - Stalking
This is  an  excellent rendition of this classic song  . It is just what I was looking for. It is also my favorite for a ring tone.
Walter Davis is often over-looked these days but in his prime (mid '30's to early to mid '40's)he was very popular.Vol 7 is a very high priced set($99 used on Amazon) so I suggest buying the Amazonmp3 for $8.99 and download and burn yourself. You wont be sorry-this disc contains &#34;Tears Came Rollling Down&#34;,,,,One of the evocative piano/guitar duets ever waxed!!
These tracks are exactly as I remember them from the original PIP Records albums, and combined with certain tracks from the other album "Smash Flops" (namely, 1/3/5/7/9/11 & 12), you'll get the complete original Sherman & Larsen... um... experience? My only complaint is that tracks 3 through 16 are completely mis-titled! So, if you've downloaded this album and think some of the songs don't go with the names, you're right. Here, therefore, are the correct titles, in order:1 - Watch World War Three On Pay TV2 - Fill Out The Policies, Mother3 - The Annual Get-Together Of The KKK And The NAACP4 - Guillotine Days (vocal: Sharon Randall)5 - Fifty Million Commies Can't Be Wrong6 - That Big Sporting House In The Sky*7 - It's Fun To Be Hazed8 - Oh What We Grow (In Old Mexico)9 - Send The Girls Over There10 - I Saw Adolph Today (vocal: Sharon Randall)11 - The Richer They Are (The Slower I Cure Them)12 - Why Don't They Leave The Slums Alone?13 - When Amelia Earhart Flies Home Again14 - I Wish I Was In Chicago (On St. Valentine's Day)15 - Little Rock, That All-American Town16 - Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon17 - There'll Always Be Forty-Eight States18 - The Authors Speak! (Pithy Insights On The Madness [etc.])Tracks 1-12: Previously released as "Sing A Song Of Sickness" featuring The Crown City Four.Tracks 13-17: Previously released on "Smash Flops" featuring The Characters.Track 18 is exclusive to this compilation.You're welcome.(*-Oh, before I forget... the version of "That Big Sporting House In The Sky" on this album omits the first verse. Check "Smash Flops" for the complete song!)
A musical m&eacute;lange of bad taste, impropriety and social embarrassment from Milt Larsen and award winning Richard M. Sherman includes satirical songs based on terribly unfunny subjects such as Watch World War Three on Pay TV, When Amelia Earhart Flies Home, Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon plus 14 others. Bonus "Authors Speak" included. Funny! Lyrical!
I am a new fan of Kyle Turner and understand this is an older CD of his but it definitely shows his amazing talent.  He is a gifted musician whose music penetrates your heart as he bares his soul.  My entire family listens to his music and we all enjoy humming along!!
This album has a great continuity of vibe:  headbobbing jazz with muscular solos and a dance floor esthetic.  A similar band line up can still be enjoyed touring around NYC and the East Coast
My dad listend to jazz and even though he is gone now, he would have loved this one. Listen to it all the time and think of him enjoying it too.
If this was one of Machito's last records it should go down as one of his best. The arrangements were far beyond it's time. He (Machito) not Eddie Palmeri discovered Lalo Rodriquez and this was his debut as a vocalist. His range is not or even been matched since. If you don't own this recording shame on you it is truly a masterpiece by the Maestro and founding father of Afro-Cuban music.
Joan Sebastian interpretations are always great, he sings with very deep from his heart in addition with those unique melodies composed by him. Nice album.
Before I attempt to describe this album listen to the sound samples and let those do the talking. Especially the first eight tracks, which is practically a Basie alumni reunion without Basie. A side note to fellow drummers: the rhythm section includes Sonny Payne who has long been one of my favorites. Indeed, the entire rhythm section is as distinguished as the front line.The first eight tracks are the original title album that was recorded for the Dawn label in NYC on July 16, 1956. This album features Quinichette on tenor sax accompanied by Bill Graham on alto and baritone saxophones, a trumpet section comprised of Reunald Jones, Thad Jones and Joe Newman, and Henry coker on trombone. The rhythm section is a powerhouse lef by Nat Pierce on piano, Freddie Green on guitar, Eddie Jones on bass, and Sonny Payne on drums.Remaining tracks feature Quinichette backing ensembles led by Gene Roland in two 1957 sessions and one in 1959. These tracks made it on to an album titled Jazzville, Vol. 4 released by the Dawn label in 1959.Suitcase and Minor Scene were recorded in NYC on August 20, 1959 with an ensemble comprised of Gene Roland and Johnny Carisi on trumpet, Robbie Swope on trombone, Dick Meldonian on alto sax, Quinichette on tenor sax, Nat Pierce on piano, Dudley Watson on bass and Walter Nolan on drums.Colonel Hodge was recorded in NYC on August 26, 1957 and features Gene Roland on trumpet, Quinichette on tenor sax, Nat Pierce on piano, Freddie Green on guitar, Wendell Marshall on bass and Sonny Payne on drums.The Creeper was recorded in NYC on August 13, 1957 with Gene Roland on trumpet, Quinichette on tenor sax, Nat Pierce on piano, Doyle Salathiel on guitar, Oscar Pettiford on bass and Osie Johnson on drums.
I really enjoyed this CD. Great music and a voice that's incredible. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes Jazz or Gospel music.
I LOOOOOOOOVE that Mr. Landsberg is remembering the KING of Bebop singing....But I also LOOOOOVE the fact that he enunciates the FAST RIFFS of  lyrics a lot clearer so you can understand the words more
I love everything I ever heard LaMont "Monster" Johnson play, but this recording was just so absolutely brilliant.  It is without question his masterwork (living up to the name of his original label, Masterworks). 'Fang Dancer' is every bit as funky and driving now as it was the first day I heard it.  I've still got the autographed promo copy of this album he sent me - one of the gems of my collection. Do yourself a favor and seek out everything you can find by this genius.  His work on Jackie McLean's sixties recordings are very good starting points (in fact, I just finished listening to the 1967 album "Hipnosis" for the first time and, oh man, is it good) and then all of his solo releases, the duo with Kenny Burrell, his session work with various artists and last but certainly not least - the tribute album to Jackie McLean called "Jackies Blues Bag."  You'll be glad you did.
... you're going to love these guys. Kickin' pumpin' guitar based music right on the cusp between Fusion and Progressive Rock.
Eric Schoenberg and his cousin Dave Laibman pioneered the art of arranging classic piano ragtime for acoustic fingerstyle guitar in the late 60s and early 1970s. Ragtime blues guitar of the &#34;Keep on Truckin,&#34; variety had been around since the 1920s, but Schoenberg and Laibman were among the first to transcribe the works of composers like Scott Joplin, James Scott and Joseph Lamb for the fretboard as solos and duets. Playing classic ragtime on guitar demands considerable technique and is still one of the most daunting genres for the fingerstylist. That said, the music on this 1971 disc, despite it's virtuosity, is a joy and a delight to listen to. The duo's fingers cavort up and down their guitars' necks exuberantly on classics like &#34;Maple Leaf Rag,&#34; &#34;Kitten on the Keys,&#34; and &#34;The Ragtime Oriole.&#34; This historically important recording is a must have for any serious guitar aficionado. It's a pity we don't have more from these two available on disc. - Glenn Weiser
First, I was drawn into Latin, Brazilian, African and other world music by Amazon's wonderful free samplers albums. They definitely "worked,"  in that I have bought a lot of such music through and from Amazon -- I've just got to give five stars for Amazon not only for music but for their entire business.As for this album, I don't know what to say other than that if your tastes in music are "catholic" -- or if you believe, as Duke Ellington reportedly said, "If it sounds good, it is good" -- then you need to check this out.  I mean, the music speaks for itself -- why in the world would you need me to tell you how it sounds?  If you do like it, you should check out Luaka Bops's two-record album "Zero Accidents on the Job," which is terrific.My last few Amazon purchases included "The Roots of American Psychobilly" and "The Rev. Horton Heat" (how can you not love a song titled "Plase Don't Take the Baby to the Liquor Store"?), as well as two "Best of the Tubes" albums. ("What Do You Want From Life," indeed?)If you are reading this, you clearly have some knowledge about and interest in this genre.  So, hit the "play all samples" button, and give it  chance.  'nuff said.I'm now off to look for more Susana Baca albums.
If you watched the Cosby Show for 300 years, like I did, you know Bill Cosby was in love with Lena Horne.This is a great collection of her songs, and you won't regret getting it.  The songs go especially well with rainy days and fresh coffee in the morning.
Armando Maral , is famous worldwide for his recordings and works with the most important names of the Brazilian music as Ivan Lins, Djavan, Joo Bosco, and also Paul Simon, Pat Metheny among others. In this work Maral explores the Samba, Bossa and Jazz together with the magic rhythms of his percussion. Not to be Missed !!!
I enjoy the horns with the bass and drum...no piano.  You can hear the unique concept that permeates the entire project.  I'm diggin it!
This collection is nothing short of pure smooth sentual listening. Great cover songs done masterfully. I've long been an Ace Canon fan - but this is a level of pure listening enjoyment.
This is a great live session, Bean is killin as usual.  Only bad thing is not even a bad thing.  It's that the track titled &#34;Indian Summer&#34; is mistakenly titled.  It should be labeled &#34;Undecided.&#34;  Other than that, you got a killin set!  And the price is right!
This set of original songs by Rob Mullins truly captures the sounds of winter and the Christmas holidays. A great buy for anyone wanting to feel the season and the Christmas spirit! Great album.
I have the original LP, which was second hand when I bought it in 1960!!! It's a little the worse for wear now.There is mistake on this recording, as the first track which is listed as "Stumblin'/Sid's Symphony", is really just "Stumblin'" and goes for 6:40 as listed.Track 2, listed as "Sympathy" is really "Sid's Symphony" which DOES go for 8:08. The track "Sympathy" isn't there at all!Apart from all this though, the music is really fabulous, as you might expect from a live performance. Regardless of the "fault", do buy it!!!
This was the first Jazz album I bought back in 80 something... It's still as good today as it was then. My personal favorite track is Reunion, up beat and bright.
Heard this band in New Mexico, 1982 when this came out on LP. Great to see it in digital format.
I've had this album in one form or another for a few years. Glad to see it for D/L because my albums,cassettes,CDs of this were all borrowed by friends.Give it a listen on the porch with a ice cold adult beverage.
Way back when Tower Records was a music lover's oasis, they published a terrific free magazine called Pulse, and people wrote in with their lists of Desert Island Discs - the music they'd take with them, if they planned to be stranded. Times and technology have changed all that, I guess, but this is still one of my very favorite discs. The percussion, the sax, and Mr. King's elegant guitar work make for a relaxed, seamless collection of breezy instrumentals that will accompany many meals and gatherings. I have played this cd dozens of times, set it on Repeat while writing, cleaning, thinking -- it's a wonderful, beautiful, mellow accompaniment to all of the above. Southwestern jazz? Maybe. But rest assured, there's nothing tiresomely dated or clich&eacute; about this music. If you haven't heard Desert Dreams before, I envy you. You're about to enjoy a perfect, timeless classic. It may well become one of your Desert Island Discs, too.
writes "Die Jazz Zeitung". Indeed, these four Bavarians Max von Mosch (saxophone, composition), Benedikt Jahnel (piano, composition), Andi Haberl (drums) and Benjamin Sch&auml;fer (bass), now living abroad, are creating a new artistic awareness. With the release of their second album through Embab Records, they have further established their distinctive sound. "Beautiful compositions, improvisation and interaction play a major role in our music" explains Jahnel on the band's approach to their new disc. An integration of pop and classical influences is captured in their melodic and catchy compositions. In performance, these works combined with the musician's sense of joy and delight produces a music of exceptional vitality. One need only listen to hear why these talented young musicians have gained numerous prizes and awards."Over many years, each band member has worked hard to forge their own musical path and the combination of these experiences has been at the foundation of creating the group's collective sound. What keeps us together is our deep love for music and our strong friendship!" says von Mosch.Keep an eye on these young musicians. Jazz icons like Charlie Mariano are already predicting the band great success for the future.
This album is spectacular, I never expected Jazz guitar to be so good, It's turned into one of my favorite albums.
Searching downloads of Tommy Dorsey,I came across this great album.If it was not for music such as these during the War times of World War II.People back then our parents or grandparents,etc.it would have difficult to find any good in life back then.The great Depression and its casualties.This music helped you drift away for a moment and they still do.Just listen and imagine and be thankful that no matter how hard today's times are.It is nothing in comparison to the 1940's.Thank you to Glenn Miller,Artie Shaw,Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey,Count Basie,Duke Ellington,Harry James,Woody Herman and all the rest for the music of then and now.And Iam only 52,but I heard this as a boy and understood then the meaning and appreciate it still.I only wish I could dance like the oldtimers of this time.Wow what talent they had.Buy this album you will not be disapointed.And better price then Amazon competitors.
This is the real deal! Real Jazz for real Jazz lovers. Great songs from big names in the Jazz world. I recommend it!
This is a Great album with a mix of genres.The menu of selections provides great food for listening.Fine Dining for the soul!
Quite simply The BEST Live Jazz Album The Jazz Crusaders EVER made.Have been listening to this for over 40 years off of Vinyl, off of Vinyl digitized and burnt to CDoff of the remastered Commercial CD of 2005 and now from Amazon mp3. Recommended.
2005 proved to be a banner year in correcting the history of the Jazz Crusaders. Mosaic's box set of the core group's Pacific Jazz studio recordings puts this group on the mantle it so richly deserves as a solid hard bop unit of the 1960s before they transformed themselves into a solid funk group of the 1970s. As for live recordings of the Jazz Crusaders,only the first Lighthouse recording of 1962 and the last,Lighthouse '69,remain to be reissued. Let's hope EMI finds it in their heart to bring them out eventually. This "Festival Album" hits square in the middle of their time and features a nice long near 8 minute "Young Rabbits" and equally lengthy "Freedom Sound"-both songs might be considered "theme" songs of what the band was all about.But wait till you hear the additonal twenty minutes culled from a 1968 date at Shelly's Manne-Hole. Joe Sample is just smokin' on both performances! Buster Williams is the bassist this time,my personal favorite filling the Jazz Crusaders revolving bass slot. Michael Cuscuna alludes to the fact that these two tracks are probably the only salvagable pieces from this recording,so there probably won't be a complete set for the public,but these two tracks are not your usual "bonus track" miscues,re-takes or filler found on many a CD. They are prime Jazz Crusader additions to the canon.
The qualities that most captivated the audience, not to mention the critics, on the previous album "max.bab", now appear in even greater perfection in the new record "Going Home". Filled with beautiful composition of a dreamlike and sensitive nature, yet still vivid and energetic, max.bab performs their music with maturity and a strong sense of interaction, leaving every audience in state of excitement and enthusiasm. The history of this band is decidedly deeper than most. It has been more then seven years that the roots of max.bab have been allowed to grow, cultivating their unique sound with their prolific work throughout Germany. Even though the members of max.bab are still in their mid twenties, they have grown above and beyond the category of young talent. As many club-owners, agents, and major record labels have recognized, this is an extraordinary group, one worthy of the often comparisons to established stars such as E.S.T., ready to make their own mark in music. This new album leaves no doubt: max.bab have successfully elevated themselves into the international Jazz-scene.
Very interesting record- a must listen for anyone interested in a different perspective and instrumentation from the norm in contemporary improvised music.
"I have just finished listening to MAX.BAB's new CD. When I hear music being performed by young musicians of such high quality, then I can rest assured that jazz is in a very healthy state. Bless these young guys, they play as if they have been together for 20 years!!! We will be hearing a lot from all of them in the future."No wonder that he didn't hesitate one second to perform with these young musicians on this album
While enjoying his rise to international fame in the 2000's as one of the biggestand brightest young stars on the jazz scene, Pat Bianchi had again topped the jazzcharts in 2006 with The East Coast Blues, his extravagant blockbuster CD which isguaranteed to be among his greatest and important achievements.  Again backedby his trio, Pat makes his Hammond B-3 Organ roar with high energy and fantasticvelocity, while crackling creative solos give this classic organ trio album a swingingand enthralling edge to whom Bianchi handles with great expectation and absolutepower.  Teaming up with guitarist Mark Whitfield and Joey DeFrancesco's longtimedrummer Byron Landlam, they decided to try something different to record a wholeset of songs not previously recorded by other jazz organists, as this solid track setthat includes Bobby Hutcherson's Little B's Poem, John Coltrane's Straight Street,Bill Evans' Turn Out The Stars, Nobody Else But Me, and a couple original--SilverTrane and Theme For Ernie (one of two live tracks featured on the CD) as Bianchishowcases them in an original light with grandeur and amore as it helps make thiselectrifying work of genius a timeless hit. The East Coast Blues is a absolute mustto own in your MP3 system, whom this Hammond B-3 wizard will always definitely
The sextet led by the native Munich pianist Benedikt Jahnel combines musicians from all over Germany, who converged in the fresh maelstrom of the Berlin jazz-scene. Jahnel, who presently lives in New York and presented his Carnegie Hall debut a few weeks ago, releases this Cd as his first work as a leader. All compositions are penned by him and show his virtuoso ability of affiliating melodic songwriting, floating grooves and intoxicating improvisations. Everything is presented with exciting arrangements for three horns and rhythm section. The press confirms: Time changes and free rhythmic structures give a diversified complexity... frantic solos and turbulent group improvisations alternate with ballad like movements, resolving into gorgeous endings." (Schw&auml;bische Zeitung)The musicians: Susanne Folk (saxophone), Johannes Lauer (trombone), Benjamin Kraef (saxophone), Roland Fidezius (bass) and Jens Dohle (drums) represent more than just a part of the best in the young Berlin jazz-scene. They are also a major representation of Jahnel's remarkable musical development in the last five years: ... one of the great hopes in modern Jazz." (Die Jazz Zeitung)
This CD is quite simply one of the best jazz CDs around--elegant, intimate, tuneful and accessible even for the most diehard R & B afficionado. From the haunting piano motif of the aptly named "Reflection" all the way to the end, it's a perfect introduction to instrumental jazz and essential to any music collection.
I am ashamed to admit that I am only now discovering this album and have become almost obsessed with it. The music is incredible, and Roy Haynes - the session leader - does a phenomenal job of locking in with Paul Chambers on bass and supporting Newborn on piano.The sound samples on this page easily convey the essence of the music, and the greatness of how well the musicians come together to create magic that few piano trio albums have achieved. I can count the other piano trio albums that impress me as much as this on the fingers of one hand.What I especially love about this album is it represents a study in tempos and space. The tempos from track to track vary greatly. The space in Newborn's playing in particular shows a side of him that is rare. Normally he plays as though he was being paid by the note. Here he seems to focus more on making each note count. Also, while Chambers and Haynes are a strong rhythm section, Newborn's use of rhythm is wonderful.While this is a Roy Haynes led session, the real spotlight is on Newborn and this is one of his best albums in my opinion.  It was a happy day when the trio walked into Rudy van Gelder's Hackensack, NJ studio on  November 14, 1958 and laid these tracks down. And speaking of tracks, Tadd's Delight is actually a Tadd Dameron composition titled Our Delight. Other than that the album is perfect.
Put great musical talent together and give them the best recording engineer of the time and you have a super performance.
This set features a number of jazz standards done Brubeck style, with his innovative time signature changes and tempo changes.  His son Chris joins him on bass and bass trombone to add a nice family touch to the recording.  This is a 1981 album and just a pure joy to listen to from start to finish.  Dave was in his fourth decade of writing, composing, and performing music and this album communicates the passion that still exists in him after all of that time.  Superb!
This 1956 album preceded another landmark Rollins' masterpiece,Saxophone Colossus, and is also an important album because of the collaboration between Rollins and John Coltrane on the title track.Other personnel on this album were Red Garland on piano, Paul Chambers on bass and Philly Joe Jones on drums. John Coltrane is only on track 1, Tenor Madness.Twelve minutes of Rollins and Coltrane on track 1 is reason enough to own this album. However, there are no duds among all of the tracks. A bit of trivia: Paul's Pal was written in honor of Paul Chambers (whose bass on this album is worth a close listen, as is Red Garland's piano.) Indeed, the entire line-up is like a Miles Davis reunion, and Chambers and Coltrane would go on to be members of the ensemble that recorded one of the best selling jazz albums of all time,Kind Of Blue.If you don't own this album I strongly recommend it. In fact, two Rollins albums that should be in every library are this and Saxophone Colossus.
This is Joe Pass playing alone on his acoustic guitar. It is sensational and should be required listening for any guitarist. His technique is perfect. His sound is clean. Just a bit of reverb... other than that, there is nothing to hide a mistake. Not a problem here. Nothing needs to be hidden. Faster than Yngwie Malmsteen, more melodic than Slowhand himself. Wes Montgomery and SRV would be proud.
I bought this album because I'm a guitar player (metal/prog) and I started studying music theory (Jazz theory mainly). Joe Pass is a great guitar player and his music is really bright. I listen to this in the car or in the morning while having coffee, my wife also enjoys it. Even if you are not into guitar playing I highly recommend it.
Chet sings on this album in that melt in your heart kind of way he had. Great, upbeat music. Unique style.
One of the keys to the amazing musicianship on this album is the personnel were familiar with each other. In fact, a chunk of the line-up are from Miles Davis' ensembles and the telepathy shows. Of course, this is only one of two albums that pair Burrell and Trane, but the music is just natural.I could babble on, but the proof is in the sound samples on this page. Even though the samples are short, there is enough there to hear why I love this album and awarded it five stars.Above I mentioned that there were two collaborations between John Coltrane and Kenny Burrell. The other one isThe Cats. Of the two I would have to toss a coin to pick a favorite. I love this particular album because it allows Coltrane to stretch a bit, and it scales down on 'Why Was I Born?' to a duet between Coltrane and Burrell, which is further evidence of the synergy between the two during this period.The core rhythm section add a lot to this album as well. It consisted of  Tommy Flanagan on piano, Paul Chambers on bass and Jimmy Cobb on drums, and Chambers and Cobb would be with Trane with Davis recorded the iconic Kind of Blue in 1959. You will not hear seeds of that album here, but you will hear some amazing music nonetheless. In fact, I confess to loving this for its more straight ahead feel than Kind of Blue's modal approach, but that is a personal preference.The album was recorded in a single session at Rudy van Gelder's Hackensack, NJ studio on March 7, 1958. For reasons I cannot fathom it was not released until five years later.
Don't know why I never purchased this album before now I'm a guitarist so have been listening to Kenny Burrell for ages.  John Coltrane nothing more needs to be said about John.  So a album with them both has to be great and it is.  I've heard tracks from the album over the years so glad I finally picked it up. Don't procrastinate like I did, get it for your Jazz collection today.
This is smooth sax is timeless jazz. I bought this album today and have already listed to it three times. Definitely worth the purchase.
I purchase this cd to listen to some great music on my birthday. Will listen to music for the rest of my life. Quality Jazz such as this I heightened the enjoyment of my birthday. Gene Ammons is truly one of the best jazz artist ever.
Prof Longhair is a new favorite of mine!  Love his style.  Wish I'd found him years ago!  His style is his own, and the piano is mesmerizing.
Been listening to this one for many, many years. Classic New Orleans Jazz. If you are looking for another good New Orleans trumpet player, check out Punch Miller.
I enjoy this music can listen all day long it's soo good I purchased it for gym workout motivation music
I really like this album I use it for my DJ gigs . I got everyone dancing  nice up beats and flavor for u salsa lovers
This is probably one of the strongest experiments from Ken Vandermark. I'm suprised no one has reviewed it yet. Then again, this album is like the Chuck Norris of crazy jazz-rock, not leaving you any time to compose a review after getting beaten by such awesome grooves.It's bass heavy. There are two bands playing roughly the same material, one from Oslo and one from Chicago. Tortoise fans will note Jeff Parker on the cover. Yep, that's him on guitar in the Chicago ensemble. If you like your jazz and your rock blended together with a little extra dose of crazy, there is really no reason to ignore (((Powerhouse Sound))).
If you don't own Benjamin Moussay's "Mobile" disc, stop reading this review and go buy it. It is the pinnacle of modern trio jazz. This release, while not as astounding or as cohesive, is still a great addition to the world of jazz and music in general. There is experimentation that adds a uniqueness that sometimes seems to add an enticing dimension to the underlying musical form, but at times overpowers the fundamental beauty. Still, there is a fantastic mix of energy, pensiveness, softer and more bracing melodies - and underlying it all is the obvious creative force of three young-ish musicians who are at the top of their game. If you like jazz, get this album. If you don't like jazz, you should still get this album. And if ever you get the chance to see the band perform live, in a small club in Europe, do it!
I have about 5 different Big Band collections on cassette and CD.  This collection is my favorite.  I can't put my finger on why.  But I think it is the up-tempo nature of most of the songs on this compilation.  The quality is about right for me--not amped up or exaggerated by remastering.  Yeah, the sound quality is not as good as stuff recorded 20 years later, but I can easily live with it.  I stumbled across this album looking for the signature Big Band Song: Sing, Sing, Sing.  It also has my tie for favorite big band song: I Can't Get Started by Bunny Berigan.  I also enjoy Skyliner by Charlie Barnet.
Although the 3 Sounds initially recorded for Riverside, then switching to Blue Note for a solid run of recordings, this one is their first album for Verve. It was recorded in Rudy Van Gelder's Englewood Cliffs, NJ studio over a four day period (12 through 15 October 1962.) I have no idea why this album took so long, but it's interesting to note that Blue Gene was recorded in two parts, and one track during that session - Let Me Off Uptown - never made it into the album.It was also their fifteenth album in four years, which shows how prolific and popular they were. They were also popular on the jazz club circuit and the tracks on this album reflect what they were playing to those audiences.Usually when there are sound samples on a product page I encourage listening to those instead of writing about the music. That is valid here too, but Gene Harris loved to open songs with long piano intros that do not give a complete feel for how a song will go. Too often the sound samples do not include Andrew Simpkins' superb bass that perfectly supports the melody line, nor Bill Dowdy's somewhat aggressive approach to drums that somehow becomes the rhythmic linchpin for both Harris and Simpkins.Like their other albums - nearly all of which I have - this one is a swinging, blues-infused collection of jazz piano trio tracks that have this group's distinctive sound. If you are a fan you are sure to love it. If you are new to the 3 Sounds I also recommend that you check outThe Three Sounds: Only the Best (Original Recordings Digitally Remastered).
What can I say, the whole CD is brilliant. Some of my favorites are &#34;Con Alma&#34; and &#34;Swing Low Sweet Cadillac&#34;.
Yes, these appears to be previously released recordings.  True, DeFrancesco rides upon the shoulder of giants, but no one is more aware or appreciative of that than he is. Regardless, he is indeed the baddest B-3 burner playing the instrument today. That's just the way it is.JM
I give this five stars because I've always loved any sort of avante-garde music; plus, I've always loved polyrythmatic and polymetered characteristics. I think the biggest disadvantage, however, is that the tracks are not separated, henceforth making it very difficult to find a portion of the album that is your favorite.
By the time this second set of a December 8, 1960 performance at Theatre de Beaulieu, Lausanne, Switzerland started the group was smoking hot.Had this set not been recorded the first set, captured onArt Blakey's Jazz Messengers, Lausanne 1960 Part 1 / Swiss Radio Days, Jazz Series vol.2, would have easily qualified as one of the better live performances from the era. Fortunately, this was also recorded and, in my opinion, it eclipses the first set. Especially on It's Only a Paper Moon and Night in Tunisia. Some critics cite 'Round Midnight as one of the highlight, but for me personally, it's the two tracks I mentioned. And that brings me to a point: music is subjective. Since this album has sound samples, toss out anything I may express as an opinion and let those be your guide (including which of the two sets of this performance are better.)The line-up is among my favorites, with Lee Morgan on trumpet, Wayne Shorter on tenor, and a strong rhythm section comprised of Bobby Timmons on piano, Jymie Meritt on bass and Art whose energetic playing on this set shows why he was nicknamed the 'volcano'.My personal opinion is that this and the companion album rival another of my favorite live performance:At Club Saint-Germain Volumes 1 to 3. That 1958 album shares the same personnel except Benny Golson on tenor versus Wayne Shorter on this album. But I digress. Give the sound samples on this and the first set a listen. If you agree with my gushing enthusiasm then you cannot go wrong by adding them to your library.
I first heard a song from this album (Five Portraits-John Coltrane) on last.fm and I fell in love with it.  I immediately bought the album and realized that it was a smart decision.  All of the tracks are great and relaxing.  I would definitely recommend this to any jazz enthusiast.
Many years ago I had stumbled onto this collection and today its still one of my favorite to select. The five portraits are well crafted and take me straight back to the styles and compositions of our jazz greats. However, admist the portraits and song collections is a wonderful feeling of uniqueness mixed in. You can't go wrong with this wonderful collection of songs and moments that it will force you to create. I only wish the sextet would find their way back together to do another.
This was my first purchase of Shearing.  I had never really listened before.  I am a big fan of Beegie Adair and in particular her solo piano.  This one by George Shearing is even better.  If you want to test one song, &#34;What Kind of Fool am I?&#34;  gave me goose bumps.  This is so close to classical in his interpretation.  I am anxious to learn more of his work and more piano solos.
I have been a Shearing fan since 1950 and still listen to the same music over an over along with the newer jazz performers.They are good but I will tire of them but not GS.
I'm not sure why this is my only second Nelson Rangell album. I've had his 1992 &#34;In Every Moment&#34; CD for years. This album is at least as good.A must for Smooth Jazz, &/or Saxophone fans.
I first bought this as a Sheffield Lab Direct-to-Disk LP in which the live performance was recorded from the Sheffield Lab studio ribbon mic directly to lacquer in real time. The Sheffield Lab recordings were short because the groove spacings were controlled by hand to maximize the headroom, not much more than 15 minutes per side on the LP. The 1/2" analogue tape from which this recording was likely made was originally intended ONLY to double-check the performance before the lacquer recording was plated to create the master from which the Sheffield disks were pressed onto 180-gram vinyl. Since each master could create only a limited number of LPs, all Sheffield disks were limited editions. Nautilus also released direct-to-disk recordings in that era.(Digital recording was in its infancy in this era, with the first being the Soundstream recording system that sampled at 50kHz. Since CDs had not yet been invented yet, these digital recordings were converted to analogue for pressing onto LP. One such Soundstream disk that impressed me at the time was Dave Grusin'sMountain Dance(1980), recorded live in the studio without overdubs, like a Sheffield Lab disk, which I also highly recommend. Eventually Soundstream was purchased by RCA and the recordings down-sampled for CD.)Discovered Again! was recorded and first released on a direct-to-disk LP with Dave on piano, Lee Ritenour on guitar, Ron Carter on bass, Harvey Mason on drums and Larry Bunker on percussion. It was recorded by Doug Sax and produced by Sax and by Lincoln Mayorga. The "Plus!" version of this album includes four alternate versions of tracks extracted from other whole LP-side takes. The sound captured by Sheffield's ribbon mic of both the piano and the backing band is simply spectacular.Although nothing can compare with the sound of a virgin (unplayed) Sheffield Lab direct-to-disk played on the proper equipment, these recordings based on the Sheffield reference tapes are excellent alternatives.Dave is originally from Colorado, and the "Three Cowboy Songs" on Discovered Again are priceless. (According to Wikipedia, Dave won a Grammy in 1994 for "Best Instrumental Arrangement" for "Three Cowboy Songs.") The theme from the TV show Baretta (starring Robert Blake as Tony Baretta) "Keep Your Eye on the Sparrow" was composed by Grusin, who also composed many film scores. The recording also includes a tribute to his father, "Adeus a Papai."The original Discovered Again! recording clocks in at 31:58, or about 16 minutes per side on the original LP. It is a perfect example of Sheffield Lab quality over quantity. The Plus! version adds about 18 minutes more.
First heard "Train of Thought" on a kids vid on YouTube. While researching that one song, I find the rest of the CD. It is one of my new favorites.
As a native of the DC area, I had the opportunity to grow up listening to and taking lessons with Rick when he was a member of the "Airmen of Note" - the touring Jazz Band of the US Air Force.It's worth noting that the sidemen in the Rick Whitehead Trio are the same guys who backed up Danny Gatton, another DC guitar icon, before his passing. Barry Hart, John Previti and Rick bring a wealth of experience to the table and it certainly shines in this, as well as their other CD recordings."Live in Captivity" was recorded `live' in the studio. The guys were somewhat isolated, but could see each other and as such, it captures well the experience of hearing them in live performance.Rick's guitar lines are fast and clean. He's a top-notch guitarist who's got hundreds of tunes in his head and can blaze away on all of them. Rick and his Trio truly deserve wider recognition.I hope through these recordings he will be brought to the attention of a bigger audience.
Rick ought to be writing this...  but....  here goes.  The honorable Mr. Whitehead's chops are impecable, his experience is vast.  This trio is a flowing source of inspiration and together they click!  Don't miss this  one.  One of the D.C. areas best units!  A guitarist's guitarist -- a  muscian's muscian...  100% pure listening pleasure.
This is all essential stuff. This period of Cannonball's career, with this quintet is essential for Cannonball's fans. The quintet is tight, creative and Cannonball's chops are just amazing. They stretch out, with several tunes over 10 minutes and several at almost the same. Yet the music is so interesting with fabulous arrangements and interactions. Cannonball is at the helm w Nat, Yuseff Lateef, Joe Zawinul, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes; master craftsmen. This is tops with excellent fidelity and sound quality; a great recording of this concert from 1963.
Even though this is only the first set from the Jazz Messenger performance on December 8, 1960, it starts with the intensity that characterizes all of their live performances.Listen to the track samples and you may conclude that it does not get better. In fact, it does. The second set,Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers, Lausanne 1960 Part 2 / Swiss Radio Days, Jazz Series Vol.6, is where the band hits its stride. That said, there is certainly nothing wrong with this album. I personally would feel incomplete without both of them.The line-up is among my favorites, with Lee Morgan on trumpet, Wayne Shorter on tenor, and a strong rhythm section comprised of Bobby Timmons on piano, Jymie Meritt on bass and the volcano - Art Blakey - holding it down with his thunderous grooves.Recorded live at Theatre de Beaulieu, Lausanne, Switzerland, and, in my opinion, rivals another of my favorite live performance:At Club Saint-Germain Volumes 1 to 3. That 1958 album shares the same personnel except Benny Golson on tenor versus Wayne Shorter on this album.The sound samples will tell the whole story to you personally because we are all different and what I may rave about you may not. If you are a Jazz Messenger or hard bop fan you will probably like this and the second set album. If you are a drummer, you will almost certainly get something from Blakey's playing.
Tubby Hayes is one of the most under-rated jazz players of all time, though still revered by many in his native UK. His early death at 38 tragically cut his career short. This album was recorded towards the end of his life, as we was integrating the relatively new influences of Free Jazz into his already amazing be-bop style. Definitive Tubs!
I just heard Tom's Diner on an internet Swiss jazz station.  She sounded terrific and I had to look her up on Amazon.
I'm an American-born jazz listener who goes back a long way.  I recently became acquainted with the artistry of Peter King.  His tone, creativity, virtuosity and music are one of those things I'm glad I found before the lights go out. Rank him with Sonny, Bird and Trane. I am not an easy one to gush over an artist but Peter deserves a wider audience.  I am happy to be in the number of people who have found his art and had the pleasure of hearing a saxophonist of the first order. This is a beautiful album in which every player is superb.
I will not review the music, as everybody knows this is a classic, and nothing I can add. The sound quality of this pressing is excellent and the quality of the heavy vinyl is superb.
This is one of those playlists that points out graphically why we were so unfortunate to have lost this master of the alto sax at such an early age. His work with Coltrane and the members of his quintet is special in his Chicago album
jazz when jazz was kool.  glad I have it and listen to it often.  two sax greats playing near their prime.  fun and kool
Miles Davis' Quintette w/o Miles but including Cannonball and Coltrane. Every fan of jazz in the the bebop era should own this album.
Sarah Vaughn is more than a singer; she is a musician with her voice and an absolute &#34;joy&#34; to listen to for hour on end!
I have long been a fan of Ramsey Lewis. That has to be one of his best albums!! The use of other instruments along with his piano is particularly good
I bought the record version of this when it was first issued and it has been one of my favorites. I was happy to see that it was reissued in CD. If you are a Beatles fan and like Jazz, this should satisfy!
I realize most people today would find this CD old and outdated.but for me that is not the case. I love these beautiful old hymns as sung by some men who most assuredly must have encountered the living Lord Jesus Christ at the feet of " The Old Rugged Cross.". Their voices blend in glorious harmony as they sing about their Saviour.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to  hear spirit filled gentlemen sing the old hymns in lovely harmony from their heart from someone who have met Him at the foot of the Cross.
This album met all of my expectations, bringing back artists of the past which parallels the majority of my collection. Delivery was good, quality was excellent.
I grew up in the 50's and really liked the growling sax sound associated with Rock and Roll.  This is a nice CD to own if you are fond of the music of those days.  King Curtis certainly knew how to play his tenor sax and the background singers add a very nice touch.  If you are a true oldies fan, then I would highly recommend this CD.
As the 1950's came to a close, Louis Armstrong decided to pay a lavish jazz-filled tribute to the golden era of popular song from the 1920's to the 1940's andthe crooners who gave it its sophisticated charm.  This album is a snapshot of atime when popular music was at a crossroads: romantic crooning would surviveas nostalgia, but with a dash of fresh young talent; the big bands have dwindledto a plentiful few; folk music have made its time-honoured comeback and finallyrock and roll had rose from a big time fad to a powerful world class music genre.Take Blueberry Hill, the song was a big hit for Gene Autry and Glenn Miller, andfollowing his version from the early-1950's it have became a hit again--this timefor Fats Domino in 1955.  With Satchmo In Style, Armstrong would choose fromthis American Songbook repertoire where other slick versions includes It's All InThe Game, Jennie (A Dream Of Lilac Time), Listen To The Mockingbird, IndianLove Call, Spooks and You're Just In Love.  Backed with a harmonic orchestralarrangement, the session also feature Louis Armstrong parodying bebop in TheWhiffenpoof Song, and with four additional bonus tracks added, you get to heara different take on When It's Sleepy Time Down South, where he plays them allin his inimitable style--Satchmo Style!
With their roots in southern Germany, these four young musicians broke onto the jazz scene with a bang in 1999, winning, amongst others, the first prize of the German "Jugend Jazzt" contest and the International Jazz Competition in Usti Nad Labem, Czechia. Their unique style and distinctive sound attracted the critics, while their melodic and enthralling compositions captured even audiences not closely acquainted to jazz. It is through their own interpretation and original approach that Max von Mosch (saxophone), Benedikt Jahnel (piano), Benjamin Sch&auml;fer (bass) and Andreas Haberl (drums) have forged a deep connection with listeners from inside and outside the contemporary music community. After the release of three albums entirely comprised of original compositions, the desire to face a new challenge and record a distinctive album emerged. What could have suggested itself more than the music of Simon&Garfunkel;, the music the members of max.bab grew up with.The new album "bright eyes" is possibly presenting more pure max.bab than ever. With a calmer and more pop-influenced sound, max.bab has managed to recast these "unbelievably perfect compositions, so balanced and never platitudinous" (Jahnel) into a new form.
This is a fantastic album of Live Jazz.  This is the album that introduced me to British bebop alto saxophonist supreme Peter King.  Coleman's talent and record speaks for itself, but if you have not yet heard Peter King you are in for a shock.  The man can really play!!! Like a cross between Bird, Cannonball and Coltrane. The front line pair of King and Coleman is great.  Julian Joseph on piano is a voice that I'd like to hear more of as well.
Maybe too much goodness? A music friend of mine who likes Astrud told me this was her worst album, but I totally disagree. Her delivery(and trouble with English)is as amusingly unsmooth as ever, but Astrud is so charming and blithe that her innate sweetness wins you over(especially if you're attuned to her approach to pop-bossa nova). Some of the songs you'll instantly recognize, like her faithful and pretty versions of The Association's "Never My Love" and the title track, but others, like the gorgeous "Dreamy" and the wistful "Where Are They Now?", are hidden treasures.
One of my favorite singers with a great collection of songs.  I'd like to see more like this from her.
I have a love/hate relationship with labels that issue these compilations. On the love side this one is a reasonably complete survey or Thelma Carpenter's early recordings, including her first with Teddy Wilson. Moreover, the sound quality is surprisingly good and the price makes it a bargain. What I hate is the total lack of context of the music and with whom the tracks were recorded.Some of the missing information can be sound, but is time consuming. I managed to track down with whom and the general eras that these tracks represent. The ones in this album cover her first decade. The Teddy Wilson tracks are from 1939 and include later performances with Coleman Hawkins circa 1940, and with Basie circa 43 through 45. She picked up with the Bud Freeman tracks right after the Basie recordings.Here are the orchestras backing her on the tracks:Teddy Wilson: tracks 1 and 2Coleman Hawkins: track 3Count Basie: tracks 4 and 5Herman Chittison Trio: track 6Bud Freeman: tracks 7, 8,  10,Earl Sheldon: tracks 9, 11, 12,Eddie Sauter: tracks 13 and 14Mitchell Ayres: tracks 15 and 16Luther Henderson: track 17Ames Brothers: track 18, and track 19 with Garland Wilson and Ames BrothersGarland Wilson: track 20Avon Long: tracks 22 and 23Lehman Engel: track 24Cab Calloway: tracks 25 and 26Some of the tracks sound dated, especially the earlier ones including the Teddy Wilson recordings. Fortunately, there are superb examples of Carpenter's singing and some excellent backing ensembles in this compilation as well. I wish that there was a more complete, wider career retrospective of her work. However, until that surfaces this collection is a good foundation for her fans and a hint at the richer and wider music and acting career that she enjoyed.
Was hard to find, but ended up just downloading the files and burning a CD.  Great find!
This maybe her debut but Holiday had some 20 or so years of recording behind her. This cd holds one of my favorite Billie Holiday songs, You Go To My Head. This is a rare find if your lucky enough to have found it please buy it.
Beautiful playing by Charlie Mariano and great setting for the alto sax. Yes, we've heard him in much more complicated settings (like with Mingus) but his musicianship and feel really come through on this collection which is not that well known AFAIK.
Veronica Martell has a voice that captures your soul. Her vocal range is remarkable.This CD is lively,Choo,Choo,Ch Boogie,Big City Swing and Buzz Me Blues are my Favorites,The whole CD is Great!She does a remake of Loggins and Messina's "your Mama don't Dance",with a up beat swing style.So..If you like swing,this is a CD to Get!!
Great CD! Mix of Latin and jazz harmonies.Can't wait for the next one.
Extraordinary! Every home, automobile, and restaurant should have this. This recording is unbelievably incredible, from a production and performance angle! we are blessed to have this CLASSIC and oh-so-influencial music. Eddie Harris is amazingly original, funky and elegant at the same time, screaming and whispering at once, so much intent behind every note, and everything flowing positively forward. All musicians are bad bad cats that know how to swing together - and alone! what makes a classic product more perfect than a cast of brilliant incomparable characters that could very easily stand on their own, and brings them together to inspire and be inspired, every now and then shining as soloists, and when not then simply supporting the other star shining. Trust me, when you visit this night, where the star-filled skies are over you, all you have to do is close your eyes and you're right there, a star among the stars, just as brilliant because you're taking it all in. Absolutely incredible audible experience - one i've visited many, many times, and shall return to many, many more! Make no mistake: this IS one of the greatest recording ever made.
This is one of my favorite Wynton Kelly-led albums. One reason is the energy of all musicians on every track. Another is Kelly's playing, has that same silvery quality as Teddy Wilson who is one of my favorite pianists.If you listen to the sound samples on this page you can get an idea of the music, but none of them convey the listening pleasure that can be discerned from a mere snipped of each track. This is especially true of track 7, which is the earliest one on the album (recorded on August 12, 1959) because it's a quintet and not a trio. The additional two musicians are Lee Morgan on trumpet and Wayne Shorter on tenor sax.The remainder of the album was recorded in sessions spanning a little over a year (from April 1960 to July 1961). Bass duties are handled by Paul Chambers on all tracks except 4 and 6, with Sam Jones on those. Jimmy Cobb on drums on all tracks.The album was released by Vee Jay in 1961. The original release had tracks 1-10. This release, with the five additional bonus tracks, clocks in at a few seconds over 78 minutes.If you are a Wynton Kelly fan this album is a treat in my opinion. I personally hold it to be one of his best, but that is subjective and reflects my own tastes.
A Superb recording by the jazz master of all jazz masters!  Bravo CAP records for giving us this masterpiece.!
Larry Clinton was never better than on this collection and with the vocal stylings of Miss Bea Wain, you have an instant hit.
This is a terrific CD.  If possible, I would have given it 10 stars.  I love each of the songs on this album.  Wabash Blues and Hollandaise are my favorites, but while listening to any of the numbers being played I can imagine myself on Bourbon Street in New Orleans, wandering into an open-doored club, relaxing at a small table and ordering a Mint Julip while listening to some of the most exciting live music the South has to offer.I found this CD to be well worth the money.
This one a great CD/MP3 release. Twenty eight years of good ones..1924 to1952 of Muggsy re-issues with various trad jazz units including his own..smallerand larger groups here fronted by himself and others....includinga V-disc entry introduced by himself for the guys overseas at the time.This recording of 22 selections is very well done in every way.  Good notes...great jazz history and very HOT stuff....plus blues and slowmelodies.  So many luminaries of earlier jazz and swing..almost acatalog of them.  For a person of dixieland this one is aJim Dandy. Many familiar tunes and some, not so familiar..a specialtreat in itself. Find "Darktown Strutters Ball" with Red McKenzie oncomb and vocal. WOW!  rb
I'd bet that if you asked them, the members of Hasidic New Wave would cite the concert preserved on Live In Cracow CD to be one of the strangest shows they ever played. The idea of a Jewish Culture Festival in Cracow, Poland, in the nineties is unusual enough, but to have an outr&eacute; Jewish band from New York perform there makes for a unique combination of historical and musical forces. Trumpeter Frank London and saxophonist Greg Wall co-lead the group, which blends Semitic malodies, funky backbeats, electric guitar, progressive jazz sensibility and more into a heady stew of vigorous noise. The highly appreciative and responsive audience clearly energizes the band, and they deliver a powerful performance on this 1998 release, beginning with the totally wild onslaught of Frank London's "Al-Osfour Al-Manjoun" which gets things off to a jumping start as London and Wall nail the unison like a revved-up reflection of the Don Cherry_Ornette Coleman front line. Fima Ephron's bouncy electric bass and Aaron Alexander's understated drumming provide a firm foundation for the band's sound. Guitarist Fiuczynski proves infinitely adaptable and critical to the music's success with a sound that ranges from low-key propulsive chording to a lonesome slide on the atmospheric "Transcendence" to a full-bore and fully electric soloist. Wall and London provide most of the material, joined here by a pair of arrangements of traditional tunes ("Satmer Hakofos Nign" and "V'Smakhta") and drummer Alexander's Zappa-esque "A.K.S". It's Jewish jazz-rock, exemplified by London's "Hebe Bop" and Wall's "Blues In Exile", smart stuff that you can dance to. This disc might be hard to find, but it's worth looking for.(Stuart Kremsky, Cadence)
Greg Wall and Frank London have been making music together for close to twenty years, since their student days at the New England Conservatory of Music. Their collective experiences, taking them throughout North America and Europe, run the gamut of many diverse and exciting projects -Jazz; Old and New; Blues; Ethnic and World Music; Performance Art and Avant / New Music.Wall and London's new recording, "Birth / Rebirth" is a celebration of the individual creative spirit, while simultaneously embracing the rich tradition of the American Jazz Band. The nine compositions on the album, all composed by Wall and London, represent a distinct voice in interpreting the Jazz legacy.Greg Wall has performed and recorded with Kenny Barren, the Cybernetic Saxophone Quartet, Miroslav Vitous, D.Sharpe, Bill Frisell, Billy Hart, Kolos, the Hi-Tops, the Jazz Vultures, Piamenta, Avantango and Hasidic NewWave, as well as many session appearances for record dates and film scores. Greg is Jazz Artist in Residence for the New Jersey State Council on the Arts.Frank London  is a member of the Klezmatics, Les Miserables Brass Band, and Hasidic New Wave. His trumpet can be heard on over 75 recordings including those of John Zorn, MelTorme, LesterBowie,La Monte Young, They Might Be Giants and Gal Costa. London's compositions for film include: The Debt, The Brother From Another Planet (John Sayles) and The Schvitz (CD on Knitting Factory Works).Josh Roseman is featured soloist with Brooklyn Funk Essentials and the Groove Collective. He has toured and recorded with Slide Hampton, Don Byron, Muhal Richard Abrams, and Dave Douglas.Ethan Iverson at age twenty two, has established himself as the young lion of the piano. He has recorded two albums as a leader, including one with Dewey Redman. He is equally at home in the classical tradition, and also plays with the New York - Buenos Aires Connection and Avantango.Kenny Davis has recorded and toured with Herbie Hancock, Art Farmer, Steve Coleman, Cassandra Wilson, OTB, Don Byron, and the Mingus Big Band. He is equally dangerous on the electric bass.Yoron Israel is perhaps the most in demand young drummer in New York, having toured and recorded with Sonny Rollins, Ahmad Jamal, Abbey Lincoln, Kenny Barren, Buster Williams and countless others.
Janusz Zdunek - the trumpeter and composer graduated Music Academy in Bydgoszcz. Since 1992 closely tied with club Trytony in Bydgoszcz, since 1994 with M&oacute;zg (the Brain), important place of jazz map in Poland. Member of one of the most innovative Polish bands of 1990s - Mazzoll & Arhythmic Perfection band (Mazzoll, JZ, Slawomir Janicki, Tomasz Gwincinski, Jacek Majewski), with whom he extensively toured and recorded albums: A, Out Out To Lunch, Rozmowy s catem, One, Single 3.In 1996 Janusz creates an experimental Trio Syfon (JZ, Wladyslaw Refling, Jacek Buhl), which one year later becomes a quartet 4 Syfon (+ Tomasz Glazik), and in 2003 a quintet 5 Syfon (+ dj SynKopa). Syfon have toured Poland, Germany, Austria and France, and released albums: Jestem w kinie, To Prawda, Baterie, New Tango.In 2004 Janusz makes a project Marienburg (JZ, Irek Kaczmar, Rafal Baca), an electric trio trumpet-bass-drums going beyond the area of folk, free jazz and rock. Project Marienburg published albums: Pop Dom (2007) and Miasto Nic (2008).Since 1997 Janusz has been cooperating with the moving force of Polish rock scene Kazik Staszewski with whom he recorded albums Melassa, Melodie Kurta Weilla, Piosenki Toma Waitsa, Czterdziesty pierwszy, Los sie musi odmienic. Janusz's cooperation with Kazik encompasses his participation in concerts and recordings of Kazik's cult band Kult (Kazik Staszewski, Janusz Grudzinski, Piotr Morawiec, Wojciech Jablonski, Ireneusz Werenski, Tomasz Goehs, JZ, Tomasz Glazik, Jaroslaw Wazny). Albums: Ostateczny krach systemu korporacji, Salon Recreativo, Poligono Industrial. In 2005 started project Buldog (Piotr Wieteska, Wojciech Jablonski, Syn Stanislawa, Adam Swedera, Kazik Staszewski, JZ, Tomasz Glazik), which released albums Singiel and Plyta.Janusz Zdunek is also a composer of soundtracks to several movies, including Byc, Trebacz, Bellissima, Dwie st&oacute;wy z montazem, Pokona' siebie, Flesh And The Devil, Autonaprawa. He cooperated with other composers and recorded music for: I co wy na to Galuszko, Rozdroze Cafe.
I heard this song intially on XM radio "Chill" and downloaded it as soon as I got back to the house. Love this song!
Attention Gordon Beck fans - YOU NEED THIS ALBUM!!If you love Jazz and especially Gordon Beck than you owe it to yourself to buy this CD or MP3 Download.The interplay between the Lyric String Quartet meshed with a Jazz Quartet of piano, bass, drums and saxophone must be heard to be believed!!  It works!!Track 2, "Le Sunset", is an Gordon Beck original composition and features Gordon and Jeremy Brown on bass and Stephen Keogh on drums.Buy this, NOW!!!!!!
I just relish the sound of Dinah Washington as she sings the tunes of time gone by , it's so refreshing.
AS A PRO DJ THIS COLLECTION OF VIENNESE WALTZES WAS PERFECT FOR MY BALLROOM DANCING CLIENTELE AND PRICED JUST RIGHT!
I gave this cd to my dad for Father's Day and he has enjoyed it so much!  I enjoy listening to it with him.  Great cd for beautiful waltz music.
Wow!!!  A good friend of mine turned me on to this group which I never heard of before called,"The RAH BAND". He passed on two songs of theirs, one called, "Clouds Across The Moon" & the other "Messages From The Stars". He knows I like music that's not pop top 40, so with that said I listen the these two songs he turned me onto & I just love them!  What a nice surprise, to hear music that was fun, dreamy, & with good vibrations.  So, I decided to purchase the best Of The RAH Band & I was so pleasantly surprised.  Each track is just as good as the last.  I would strongly recommend this cd if u like music with sort of a soft, dreamy, dance, pop rock,  glam, 80's sound.  I am very happy with my purchase!
I love this cd!  I stumbled across Marta's music after long search on Amazon for something that wasn't "pop" oriented Latin.  Yay!  This cd is great, Marta has an amazing voice and the background musicians are top notch.  Worth a listen, then a re-listen, then you end up buying all of her cds because she is THAT good.
Intimate and intense are two adjectives that, while apt, probably don't do justice to the songs contained on this album. Intimate because all fourteen tracks consist only of Paula Rae Gibson's vocal and Tom Pilling's keyboard. Intense because of the raw subject matter upon which the songs are based.After the death of her husband, Paula Rae Gibson did not want to risk the possible heartbreak that a new love affair could bring, but, as her website has it: "Wishing to satisfy her physical needs, she embarked on a series of volatile sexual encounters with all the wrong men."`No More Tiptoes' is not an easy album to get into. It's not full of radio-friendly pop songs and its melancholic backdrop may give the impression of being a one-trick album. It would be a mistake to dismiss it on those terms because it does repay repeated listening.Paula Rae Gibson's voice, stylistically, lies somewhere between Tori Amos and Fiona Apple with dark undertones of Nico and the idiosyncrasy of Mary Margaret O'Hara. The comparison with Tori Amos is probably the most striking because of the piano accompaniment throughout the album.Tom Pilling's playing has a blues tinge on `The Wrong Man' as Paula sings of a man who "loves to make you feel small." At other times his sound is akin to a Harold Budd composition, notably on `Busy Fairies'. On `White Bird', the delicacy of Pilling's playing counterpoints the lyrical intensity and mournfulness of Paula's voice to exquisite effect. Paula's most Nico-like performance comes on the album's closing track, `I'll Always Walk Away' and here, Pilling's playing is dark and full of foreboding. Throughout the album, Paula's voice takes on various cadences. At times it barely rises above a whisper as her lyrics are wrung out of her. At others, it cracks, quavers and slows almost to a speaking voice.Paula Rae Gibson has a book of photography (Paula Rae Gibson: Diary of a Love Addict) available. `No More Tiptoes' could perhaps be described as the songs of a love addict. On `Come Tomorrow', she plaintively asks: "Come tomorrow, will we be feeling this still?" and she asserts that, "Love is the only drug." Feelings and love are constant refrains on this stunning album. Poetry and photography seem to have been Paula Rae Gibson's main creative outlets until this album. I wonder if she can come up with another, more thematically varied album, or will this be her only foray into music? I really hope we hear more from her, but, either way, at the moment, `No More Tiptoes' is my favourite album of 2007. Don't miss it.
There are a lot of Hot Club acts out there but none are better than the HOT CLUB OF SAN FRANCISCO.  I recently had a chance to see them when they performed in Minneapolis.  This new CD is a great collection of tunes that will have you playing it over and over.Long live the HOT CLUB OF SAN FRANCISCO.
This album is fantastic. Louis Armstrong didn't play a bad note in his life... everything was hip!
I first heard Larry Koonse on his album Americana, and was instantly impressed by his taste of note selection and creativity. I found this album while doing a search here on Amazon for more of his music. I downloaded it and was delighted with my purchase. The guitar, bass, and drums interact with each other in very interesting ways. The rhythms used are unique and creative, but always musical. Mr. Koonse's playing is stellar throughout the album. There is not a single bad track to be found here. I highly recommend downloading this work of art. Jazz fans, you owe it to yourselves to own this.
Some of Louis' most magical earlier moments are portrayed here. I f you love jazz and a classic jazz trumpeter get this album.
Great music that reminds me of my grandparents.  The playback is good quality and the amount of songs on the album made it well worth the cost.
Most, perhaps all, of these tracks were recorded on Decca from 1938 to the mid-'40s.  Ella is in top form.  The bands are well-oiled swing machines.  Her voice is young, smooth and full of that inimitable flair that makes Ella the greatest.
I hadn't listened to most of these songs before, but two things struck me: first, they are just great "pop" songs from the 1920s to 1940s of China; second, the producers did a very good job at restoring the sound fidelity, even though you can still hear quite a bit of hissing and occasional breakups.  Really a great digital album to keep for connoiseurs.
Every track on this album is a masterpiece. With the only one album, this band is Zeppelin-esque in that regard.
These guys have some sweet grooves. I listened to this album 10 times through on the first day. Nice work!
"Soul Dredging" is a number that will make you jack the volume and look into your soul. It's down tempo funky, uniquely crafted with appealing sounds that contrast with an underlying sense of dread due to the minor key. Somehow cosmic, a very cool tune, never get tired of this one!
I was looking for music to add to my collection that was upbeat, fun and christian, love love this group
I got this for my Grandma's 90th Birthday. She always liked his music. She enjoyed listening to the songs. We put a slide show to the music to play at her party.
Sonia V brings forth sultry renditions of a variety of jazz classics.  From a playful version of &#34;Bye Bye Black Bird&#34; to the soulful &#34;Am I Blue&#34;, Sonia's vocal diversity will take you on an emotional journey of the heart.  Perfect anytime, &#34; I Wish You Love&#34; will easily become a favorite on your playlist!
WHAT A TALENTED AND GIFTED GUITAR PLAYER.  I REALLY ENJOY THISWONDERFUL CD AND HOPE TO GET MORE OF STEFAN'S MUSIC.
We love the style of Benny's playing and his interpretations of the Standards.  Great background music. If you like piano and Jazz you'll enjoy this album
This CD should be in every jazz/blues/pop listener's collection. Elder's voice is so gentle with the ballads "Sing my Name," "Rocket Man," and  soulful for "Mind has a Mind."  "Surrounded by You" (1st cut) brings to mind Elton John's "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me" and is a "hit" waiting to happen. Some of his lyrics are deeply spiritual; his arrangements show off the work of an accomplished jazz pianist and musician. I haven't heard this kind of music in a very long time. The music world will hear more from this artist; and desperately needs to.
Wackermans approach is now heavily influenced by his time with Allan Holdsworth. I found this album extremely &#34;listenable&#34; even as a drummers album.
This is probably one of Chad's best albums.The drums sound amazing.He has prbably one of the if not THE best sound as far as tuning and recording in a very clear un processed way. The compositions are great w great musicianship and execution.One of the best Fusion albums.
Recommended listening for the soul ...your senses will be made new....and your mind open to a whole new you , Enjoy
I give this album 5 Stars! I found this to be an excellent album. It is now my newest favorite jazz album. I have been trying to find out anything about Bruce and the personnel on the CD and have been frustrated by a complete lack of information. I don't even know which instrument Bruce plays. If the other reviewer on this page has that information I would be grateful if he/she would share it with me, by commenting on my review. (As far as being in the same league as Charlie Parker is concerned, Who is? And as far as being better than &#34;kenny-gag-me-with-a-spoon,&#34; who isn't? Enough said on that.)
What a beautiful voice, but there is much more here. Devon plays a fine guitar, the rhythmic accompaniment is well thought out and tight. The lyrics are sweet, poetic, friendly, and kind! The chord progressions are complex and jazzy without being over the top.This recording is difficult to match. I highly recommend it.
I always think that the best way to write a music review is to quote heavily from the lyrics. It doesn't give you a good sense of the music itself, but can any written review really do that? Hey, you're right here on Amazon -- if you want to know what the music sounds like, preview a few of the songs. So here's one of my most favorite bits from "Keep Your Silver Shined," just one of the beautiful love poems to life that appear on this beautiful album. If you like it, just know that the music is at least as good.Back home I've got a couple friendsWe drink together on the weekendsWe keep our nails trimmed and fingers tough.I've got a felt hat collection,A dresser drawer to put my pants in.What, oh, what more could a woman want?I want an overhaul for my guitar,A clawfoot tub and a shiny car.Piles of fruit and a fully stocked bar.Money for a flight out west,I want cute shoes and a vintage dress,New houses for all my relatives!I want to land in a tugging hand:A youthful band with a youthful plan.I want to wait and take my time,All my time, and keep my silver shined.
IT'S MARVELLOUS MUSIC.THE INSTRUMENTAL PIANO.I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS ITEM.I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ALL MY FRIENDS.
I remember listening to the Suntones on cassette in my dads pickup truck. My dad used to sing barbershop and this just floods back memories for me. If you like barbershop singing this is a must have for your collection!
Surprisingly well produced album of music that will put your mind at ease. I have both of these albums and looking forward to the next. Coffee music - who knew?? Brilliant.
The Chordettes had many hits, one of which is on the album. "Never On Sunday" was their last big hit and within a year or two they disbanded. A shame. For anyone who likes harmony singing and movie themes, this is a fine album. Take your pick of one or two or buy them all. They're all winners. And so are the Chordettes. I must say though that I don't think the Chordettes looked like they do on the cover. But don't let the artwork disuade you. It's the music.
Gorgeous and something different. Great job, Joel Miller, and we hope to hear lots more from you!
Excellent instrumental renderings of west Side Story and Porgy and Bess ! The quintet sounds like a whole band. I'm happy i purchased it.
I recently watched the movie of Martin, and really enjoyed it. I also enjoyed the music to it, and I decided to search for it on the internet. I couldn't find it on Ebay, and Amazon had it for [...] dollars. I said to myself that I wouldn't buy it, but then I saw the MP3 Download for [...]. That's a whole lot better spending 9 dollars than 40 dollars, now I have the soundtrack downloaded, and can't stop listening to it. It's awesome! Anyone who saw this film, or are fans of George Romero, this soundtrack is a must buy.-JBT
Count Basie was one of those bands which I find I enjoy the live air-checks much more than the studio recordings. Basie swings like nobody's business and even invites Harry James to play &#34;King Porter Stomp&#34; on one of the tracks. A wonderful look of what Saturday evening dance band programs were like in the 30s and 40s.The sound quality is good for an air-check from that era. If you love jazz from the Swing era, this CD is a recommended addition to your collection.
I've played trumpet since the fall of 1976 and while I knew of Harry James while in school his music wasn't available as much as it is today. Many of the live on air cuts are now being released. Thanks to Harry's longtime manager Pee Wee Monte and his wife much of his great music is now available. I'm not sure if these tracks are from the Monte's archives but they show first hand this band in it's Heyday.I rediscovered Harry James in 1991 and have collected much of his music. Helen Forrest was the"Queen" of all female vocalists of this era. Air checks are about all that is available in this time frame due to the musicians union strike around this time. This is a great live recording.
There's little enough Al Haig available from his later years. This valuable album comes from Spotlite, the British company. Haig lived with Tony Williams, the owner, when he first went to the UK. The rhythm section is fine, with Kenny Clarke and Gil Rovere, but Haig is the main attraction. His inimitable 'waterfall' style, dense and complex rippling glissandos, is still evident. He is particularly good on the title number, Kaper's wonderful 'Invitation', dancing on top of a subtle Latin beat from Rovere and Clarke. The sound is first-rate. To me, he's at the very top flight of lyrical bebop pianists, up there with Flanagan and Jones, and reputedly Bird's favorite pianist.Haig had a society band for a while in NYC, playing weddings and bar mitzvahs. It must have been a trip to hear him playing Hava Negilah. At the end of his life, he did gigs at Gregory's, a small jazz bar on the East Side, where I was lucky enough to hear him.
Hi,I don't ordinarily write reviews, and thought that anyone reading this one would find it meaningless, but maybe not.Most, if not all, of the musicians playing these songs are gone. So is the builder, and owner of the Cafe Bohemia Vincent (Jim) Garofolo (my dad). I was fortunate enough to share listening to this music while it was being played, broadcast on FM radio, and recorded originally when music was cool man, and not hot dude. I was only a 7 year old kid in 1955, but the quality of what these guys could do with their instruments left an impression then, and now.BTW Those guys included Buddy Rich, Art Blakey, Miles Davis, and others I don't recall the names of.We can't go back to 1955 but this Jazz brings me close :).
This compilation contains Paul Quinichette's first album as a leader (the out of print Vice Pres), plus a number of important early sessions with Basie Alumni. In fact, as you read through the background information that I provide below it's almost as if this album features an incarnation of the Basie band minus Basie. Actually Basie does appear on tracks 5 through 11 on both piano and organ.However, documenting the sessions is secondary to the music and sound quality, both of which are conveyed by the sound samples on this page. Listen to those before making up your mind.The first eleven track are the album mentioned above: Vice Pres. This was Quinichette's debut album as a leader and it was recorded in two sessions. The first session recorded tracks 1 through 4 and took place at the Reeves Sound Studios in NYC on October 5, 1951. Quinichette's tenor sax is backed by Kenny Drew on piano, Bill Doggett on organ, Freddie Green on guitar, Jimmy Lewis on bass and Gus Johnson on drums.Tracks 5 through 11 are the remaining ones from the album and were recorded at the Fulton Recording studio in NYC on January 30, 1952. The session features Quinichette as leader and on tenor sax accompanied by Buck Clayton on trumpet and Dicky Wells on Trombone. The rhythm section was comprised of Count Basie on both piano and organ, Freddie Green on guitar, Walter Page on bass and Gus Johnson on drums.Tracks 12 through 15 were recorded at Fine Sound Studios in NYC during July, 1952. The front line of the large ensemble is comprised of Quinichette on tenor sax accompanied by Marshall Royal and Ernie Wilkin on alto sax, Charlie Fowlkes on baritone sax, and Joe Newman and Henry Coker on trumpet and trombone respectively. The rhythm section is led by Bobby Tucker on piano, with Freddie Green on guitar, Jimmy Lewis and Al McKibbon on bass (depending on track) and Gus Johnson on drums.Tracks 16 through 19 were recorded in NYC in December 1952 and feature Quinichette backed by Kenny Drew on piano, Freddie Green on guitar, Gene Ramey on bass and Gus Johnson on drums.The remaining tracks were recorded at Fine Sound Studios in NYC during January, 1953. Quinichette is backed by Marlowe Morris on organ, Jerome Darr on guitar, Gene Ramey on bass and Les Erskine on drums.
Indeed, the first three tracks with Clifford Brown and Sonny Rollins makes this album worth having. Clifford was considered to have the potential to become the greatest trumpeter, only to die at 25 in June 1956. The broadcast tracks he is on could well be his last broadcasts.The five tracks of Billie Holiday (three on Steve Allen's The Tonight Show and two at Mister Kelley's in Chicago with Paul Quinichette) disprove the claims that she had lost her powers in her last years - her performances were excellent.Other performances on this album, and especially Charles Mingus out of the Cafe Bohemia and Anita O'Day out of the Basin Street in NYC are plain wonderful.There is an historical context to all of the broadcasts on this album: jazz was relegated to a niche and was dying (although it was still fighting for its life when these broadcasts were made.) Rock and roll was gaining its place, as was R&B;/soul, both genres would eventually become the popular music in America, with the music on this album increasingly becoming irrelevant to popular culture. The broadcasts on this album captured the jazz that was receiving a lot of air time and enjoying decent sales before it was overtaken by rock. Of course, it is not dead no more so than "Dixieland" with its fans was dead when the performances here were broadcast, but its fans were not exactly mainstream. Over 50 years later, though, the quality of the music on this album is apparent and it is as fresh now as it was then.If you enjoy this music, which covers 1956 and 1957, I highly recommendJazz in 1958 - The Year of the First Hot 100, which contains over four and a half hours of similar music and shows the evolution of jazz even as it was being overtaken in American culture.
Took me back to my younger years when I was more full of vinegar - or beans - my last training with an active unit of the Army.
I trained with this out fit, I enjoyed the songs, I still do not know what possesses a man to jump out of a perfectly good air craft - ha ha.
The Real Me is the 7th CD release for bassist Jennifer Leitham. She has already had an astounding career; performing on over 100 recordings, has played with jazz greats such as Gerry Mulligan, Peggy Lee, Mel Torme, Woody Herman, Louie Bellson, Bill Watrous and Joe Pass, and  has been a member of the Tonight Show All-Stars, the Benny Carter Quintet, to name a few. But enough of the name dropping - Jennifer Leitham has her own sovereignty as a bassist/singer/songwriter. The Real Me is proof - a brilliant collective of 11 original jazz compositions. One track alone warrants owning this CD - Beat the Meatles, self described as "a crazy quilt of melodies lifted from Beatles songs juxtaposed over rhythmic & harmonic motifs based on Beatle ideas." There is also a remake of one of her earlier recordings and what may be endeared as her greatest hit yet "Studio City Stomp" - a catchy as hell song I defy you to get out of your head after the first listen. Jennifer engages the stand up bass with an ingenious intensity of both mad scientist and passionate lover. But don't get scared off yet; there are beautifully relaxing and sometimes humorous traits to this record that balances out a well rounded production that you'd expect from a seasoned jazz artist. Tracks like Keni's Song prove Jennifer can hold her own as an "a cappella bassist", so to speak. Consider it an enjoyable sneak preview to a CD she has future plans to record; an anthology of all solo bass pieces. The experience is doubled-down with a special appearance by reknown bassist John Clayton for a round of collaborative two-bar bass exchanges on Riff Raff. Players John Nelson (piano) and Randy Drake (drums) supply the rest of the musical provisions, both contributing remarkable solo work on top of already amazing accompaniment.
I gave this album a 5-star because it's so worth the little I paid for it.  it's nice and easy to listen to.
I was in my local club when I first heard Jerry Tiffie. He was singing &#34;Beyond the sea&#34; and I thought it was Sinatra, but said no, must be Darrin and realized it wasn't him either. Went to the Juke Box and read Jerry Tiffie; who is that? Well, since I am a big Sinatra and Darrin fan, I love this music. Clear voice, no gimmicks, understandable words and big band accompanyment. Refreshing for me to see this type of vocal performance reemerge. Great album!
Don Baaska released a great CD with beautiful, sophisticated and timeless Latin jazz and pop from start to finish! The musical arrangements showcase incredible talent and after I hear the CD I often push "play" on my CD player to listen to it all over again! The quality of the sound is terrific and the melodies are outstanding. Much of the tracks here are played the way they would have been during the 1960s but the music is not dated; these numbers are so well done they just can't go out of style--just one listen proves it. For me it brings back fond memories of vacationing in Puerto Rico with my parents back in simpler times.In addition, the nice thing about having these MP3 music files for download is that you have choices: you can choose to buy the CD, download the tracks and enjoy them now--or just download and enjoy the tracks that you like the most.As for Baaska himself, "pianist/songwriter/arranger Don Baaska has recorded 14 CDs. `From Puerto Rico with Love' Volumes 1, 2 and 3 are songs by Puerto Rican composers styled on piano by Baaska accompanied by bass and percussion." From 1953 to 1970 Baaska and his mates played at numerous hotels and venues in Puerto Rico and enjoyed the good life in general. Baaska divorced in 1970 and became involved with Scientology in California where he met a dancer named Valli Scavelli. Valli, as it turned out, had a very special talent for learning new songs--she stills sings them quite well at that! Valli and Don returned to Puerto Rico in 1980 and performed for several years before forming a successful entertainment agency. Don still records fine music as we can see here, too!There's not a bad track in the lot here. "Ausencia (Absence)" is extremely elegant; and "Compadre Pedro Juan (Godfather Pedro Juan)" will get you up and dancing quickly! Other gems include the stunning "Olas Y Arenas (Waves and Sands);" "Playa Azul (Blue Beach);" the title track "Perfume De Gardenia (Perfume of Gardenia);" "Bello Amananacer;" a most creative "Mozart's Merengue;" "Luquillo;" "Sonando Con Puerto Rico (which roughly translates to Sounds and Puerto Rico)" and the last track, "Que Sera Mi China."If you crave five star quality Latin jazz mixed with elements of Latin pop all with a 1960's twist, this is precisely what you want! This music brings back a great deal of fond memories for both Puerto Ricans who danced to this genre of music in the `60s and early `70s; tourists at Puerto Rican hotels during that era will probably enjoy this album, too. Fans of Don Baaska will certainly want the CD for their collections.
Need  I say more? Their sound is something unique that I haven't heard in a while. One of those very underrated bands.
This is one of my favorite albums in the 70's and now!  I was excited to see it released on CD.  The music moves you and fills your heart with joy.  Flora is a gem.
This is a great set from Jake Johannsen with some really funny stuff that breaks through the standard comedian style.  He engages with the audience in a really entertaining way.  A great thing with this album is that you don't lose anything major on the visual side - Johannsen is even funnier to watch his expressions but none of the jokes here really depend on seeing him.  This was recorded around the time of the 2000 election and there are some references to that but mostly it is pretty timeless stuff.(The other review here is obviously for some other album - don't worry, this is definitely a Jake Johannsen comedy album.)
This is quintessential early Coltrane. It is one my favorite recordings of his. Sadly, he died prematurely, but he made his mark on the jazz world.
This album is fabulous, it is amazing how they start with a standard like favorite things or summertime and flow into creative improvisations.  Trane respects his colleagues as Mccoy Tyner and Elvin Jones have the opportunity to add their best adding to the quality of the tracks. Although I own several Trane vinyl albums, this mp3 is getting daily play on my kindle.  I was never exposed to this album and am glad their was a monthly sale on jazz  to find this gem.
My favorite things by John Coltrane is a 5 star song as is Colreane. It is one of my favorite jazz songs/albums ever. It was part of my early introduction to jazz through a close friend in the Navy some 35 years ago. I recommend it to anyone with any interest in jazz at all. Coltrane is a ttimless performer and his music is a hallmark in the jazz industry. You con't go wrong with this musician and his trio of band mates McCoy Tyner and Elvin Jones. If you don't have a copy of this song buy it and you will be buying more Coltrane.Chuck Morfoot
Wonderful display of artistry. Coltrane is on top of his game, I also liked Tyner on piano a lot. Recommended for anyone who has even a remote interest in jazz.
I love the interpretations that Coltrane gives on this recording. He is such a master and this CD showcases his skill, and beyond that, the soul that is an integral part of his music.
I resisted this album for a long time. I thought it was just another Coltrane that I could get on a best of album. Wrong! oh so wrong. This album got some good reviews and then there are others who don't get very excited about it. I let those reviews influence me into missing this gem for a long time. Don't do as I did.. add it to yours.
Lay back and let him carry you away through all the bluesy, break heart, and better days places that a REAL musician can take your heart and soul.
My Favorite things.  It was 1973 when the college radio station put the needle down on this track.  i thought, very pleasant as i went about my business and marveled that the song just kept going and going.  I called the station and asked 'who is this?' and was told it was John Coltrane.  I've been a die hard fan ever since.  I love the small combo jazz.  Some call it 'dinner music' but how could you sit still with Coltrane on the sax.  The newer version includes the single version of MFT, but this is just great for sitting back, and relaxing.  If you don't have it, get it.  You will not be disappointed!  BTW, it has since been determined that Coltrane was very unique in his playing because of what he did with his breathing technique.  Too bad he left us so soon....
I first bought this album (monaural) back in 1967 after seeing the Charles Lloyd group at the Filmore West. It was one of the few jazz groups that were well received at that venue.  I had forgotten about it over the years until I saw the mp3 here recently.  Great flute and piano work - brings back some vibrant memories!
Although this album is comprised of only three tracks the total time is a few seconds short of 33 minutes. Moreover, these three tracks are what were recorded during the original session and released on the LP issued as Atlantic LP 1428). I mention this to ensure that you do not think that this album is missing tracks or that you are getting shortchanged in any way.A quick listen to the sound samples will reveal that the tracks comprising this album are not drum- or drummer-centric. They represent some excellent hard bop style jazz with Philly Joe and Elvin providing grooves that are masterpieces of rhythm. Indeed, I am not going to attempt to describe the music contained in this album because the sound samples will convey far more information that I could possibly impart with mere words. Let your ears be the judge.This studio album was recorded in NY on February 2, 1961. Personnel on this album were Blue Mitchell on trumpet, Curtis Fuller on trombone and Hank Mobley on tenor saxophone. The rhythm section is backing Philly Joe and Elvin on drums are Miles Davis alumni Wynton Kelly on piano and Paul Chambers on bass.It seems as though the surname Jones dominates any list of great drummers. Papa Jo, Philly Jo and Elvin always come up whenever drummers discuss the greats. While none of those mentioned are related, two are on this album making it a source of both technique and inspiration for drummers who want to closely study two of the most influential drummers from their eras.
'"She's Here" was the theme music for WKTK-FM, *the* cool "album-oriented rock" station in Baltimore in the early 1970's. Hearing it again transports me back to many hazy late nights...
My grandmother took us all to see Harry Bellefonte as a special treat years ago, and the best part of it was that Ann Mortifee was the opening act! I fell in love with her and her wonderful voice at that time ... the whole massive auditorium standing up and singing "It's in Every One of Us" was so incredibly moving. This is my favorite album of hers, I highly recommend it to anyone, but especially anyone on a Healing Journey. -Kathi Petersen
Bob Dylan is a unique talent, an apparently simple man who writes and sings folksongs and tunes with a much deeper meaning in the lyrics than is at first apparent.  A troubadour, if you will, whose influence is being felt among all manner of composers, be they classical, folk, or jazz.  Dylan the poet is the man who will always be remembered and it is the poet in Dylan's output  that this very impressive CD honors.'Jewels and Binoculars' is the strange moniker of the trio interpreting Dylan's music on this classy and fascinating album.  Comprised of Lindsey Horner, bass, Michael Vatcher, drums and percussion, and Michael Moore, alto sax, clarinet, and melodica, this trio has been playing together since 2000 and this recording of Bob Dylan's music played in their interpretation is the third one to be released.  How they manage to take Dylan's very simple tunes and use them as the basis for riffs and improvisational flights and still manage to retain the power retrospect brings to Dylan's poetic words is what makes this group extraordinary.  That, and the fact that each of these accomplished jazz musicians are among the finest now performing.Included in this selection are 'If you see her, say hello', 'Jack-a-Roe', 'I believe in you', 'Father of Night', 'It's all over now, Baby Blue', `It's alright Ma (I'm only bleeding)' - twelve songs in all. And you don't need to have a copy of the lyrics of these jazz improvisations to recall the messages of the songs: it is all in the depth of feeling of the playing.  This is a jazz album with its roots firmly planted in terra firma and should be a welcome discovery for lovers of Dylan and lovers of jazz.  Grady Harp, June 07
If you like Dylan, and if you like Jazz - then you will definitely like this offering.  A new way to hear old favourites.  You don't necessarily need to like both Dylan or Jazz to enjoy it, the interpretations are fresh and ultimately genuine.  For some reason I want to say there is a playful sophistication to it, but that is subjective.  Objectively, the musicians can really play and you can tell they really enjoy playing these songs...
Back to front, a fantastic listen. Very stylistically diverse - house, lounge, pop, Latin. Perfect for these summer days! "Wisteria" is THE jam!
Interpretations that at first will catch you slightly off guard but will soon have you grooving. Band consists of sax, organ, bass and drums. Check out Dig a Pony/Don't Let Me Down. This is not re-warmed schmaltz - it's inspired!
Some of this has a bit of a feel of Twin Peaks only more modern and elegant without the dark feel that Twin Peaks had. Most of the album has a very avant garde jazz sound but some of it sounds a little blues to me. I really enjoy listening to it and I'm glad that I bought it. I hope David Lynch makes another jazz album similar to this.
This is great stuff. He's got a fantastic blues/jazz sound. The violin has a really raw sound that I wasn't sure if I liked at first, but after listening for a bit I thought it really suited the music and style, sounds vintage and funky. Love it!  Make more CDs!
Great artist with a unique sound.  Like many, I first heard "The Mad Violinist" on YouTube playing to Lupe Fiasco's "The Show Goes On".  I was blown away.This album does not feature any hip-hop covers, but is just beautiful playing to smooth beats.
Ms. Alther Rene plays the flute very good. The CD is put together great.
We have had a two opportunities to hear Solomon Douglas and his band play at dances here in Knoxville. They are a fantastic group. At one venue he played on a piano that hadn't been tuned in years. He made it smoke. I didn't know you could bend notes on a piano. They are a great bunch of guys and this is a really good album. Every song makes you move your feet.
The Best Of Lee Oskar Volume 1,2 Disc Set plus a DVD,Great Music.Great Songs!DVD contains a awesome Harmonic System Concert! This Set still Exist! Ay~Totally The best Of Lee Oskar!You will not find this 2 Disc/DVD Set, No where in stores or online.The Best of Lee Oskar Volume 1,2 Disc/DVD Set 1,000 Signed Limited Edition 2006 Lee Oskar Production comes in a hard case still wrapped in original package, Wow!I purchased No.291/1000.They exist in a small quantity.I found out about the secret through a friend who was lucky to know the seller on eBay:)Cool!! I LOVE MY TREASURE!I have listen to it all weekend.I've watched the DVD three times!.Lee Oskar is awesome!
Queen your the Best your talent is right up there with all the other R&B; Sisters your a true work of theMaster, the Master has his hand on your life and talent, I would of like to have been on your recordingBut believe me you have much praise from me you really don't have to be starred your are a star my star.ASE! Your Solder
How have I missed on this artist for nearly a decade?  Alternative Soul, Jazz ... whatever you want to call her style, it's some of the most incredibly beautiful music I've ever heard.  Her voice will make you fall in love!
An awesome first album for Mr. Okazaki. He employs a killer line up of musicians to execute his subtly complex compositions. A wonderful blend of unique/angular melodies, south indian rythms, dense 20th century composition techniques, and exiting instrumental improvisations. A must have for any serious jazz listener!
Kristin Korb is one of those special singers who can - in the right mood - take you to another place. She can push through to The Dream and the rare experience of musical magic.I first heard Kristin live as she played her bass and sang in a Los Angeles hotel bar (Crown Plaza). Ever since, I've been a fan and will hear her live tonight at a Riviera Church concert.If you listen closely to her recordings, you can also find those special moments when time stops....
this album sounds so fresh, so real, so clear and true that I was head-over-heels from the first track on. I had to buy a download of this album from Gretchen's site (in wav form) in order to be able to have it, but boy, am I happy that I did.It's been a very long while since I've been so infatuated with a singer and I discovered Gretchen due to her track with Esperanza on CMS which I have in 96/24. It took me a while to really look her up, but it was VERY worth my while. Her voice is small, sweet, nimble and technically and emotionally versatile. It's incredible all the nuances she can express without having to resort to huge dynamic contrasts. I'd bet she listened to a lot of Joo Gilberto, but luckily she was born with a very real and gifted voice.The repertoire is incredible, the arrangements absolutely wonderful and even though she was treading on hallowed ground while recording Djavan and Jobim (a difficult task for any Brazilian, let alone for a 'gringa') her rendition of 'ela &eacute; Carioca' has actually become my favorite. I must say that I have to acknowledge the presence of her guitarist Lionel Loueke, who seems to also be a driving force in the arrangements.From a producing point of view the album sounds very clear, real and the production doesn't get in the way of the music, which is high praise and very rare nowadays.All in all I can't say much more than "go get yourself a copy". You won't regret it. This is as good as a debut album one could hope to have and the only difficulty is following up on such fantistic album.
Gretchen is a true musical treasure. I would highly recommend her other albums. I've been enjoying them and can't put them down.
What a delightful surprise was this CD!  We were hunting for winter holiday music that celebrated the seasons, without going all gospel and Christmassey on us.  This CD contains a wonderful mix of songs, which you have not heard before and yet will want to listen to, again and again.  Sophia Bilides' voice is as warm and comforting as a mug of rich cocoa.  Not only does she have a beautiful alto voice, but she conveys the moods of each song so strongly that they tend to stick in your soul, and stay.  This album -- in one year -- has replaced all others as our family's all-time favorite holiday album.  In particular, we adore her hilarious, original rendition of "Penguins Must Sing."  That song, alone, is worth the purchase price.
the previous reviewer is a bit misinformed.  this is not aorta the cheesey psychadellic band, but rather anders nillson's aorta.  there is a distinct difference.  anders nillson's aorta is in fact an avant garde jazz quartet from sweeden, though i believe anders is living in new york these days.  listening to anders' guitar playing, i hear a bit of the bill frisell sound.  the production is excellent.  the compositions are fantastic.  a truly great album.
I love this music.  Finally some children's music that adults can enjoy too.  Great quality and production value too. Thanks!
I heard the Heart of the City Band give a concert at my church. Wow, it was an amazing experience as we praised the Lord together. I bought this CD and I just love it!
I saw this group perform live and they blew every other group way, way off the stage! These 5 people are extraordinarily talented, and the songs they produce, in collaboration with their composer Peter Bjorklund, are some of the most beautiful, smooth, and fun you will hear. And THEN you remember that it's all a cappella, and suddenly you're addicted. Rilton's Vanner has the best sound out of any a cappella group I've seen, and I've seen quite a few collegiate and professional groups.Note: All the songs are in Swedish, for the inquiring mind. This hinders nothing, however. It actually lets me appreciate the music more. And I've almost memorized the Swedish words anyway.
This is soul stirring music and will encourage you greatly if you hear the doctor's report and his personal testimony.
Trip Wamsley is one of the most talented guitar players of our time. The fact that Trip plays bass makes his accomplishments all the more impressive. I have seen Trip in person and was blown away as he turned tuning keys while he played to get different sounds and moods out of his bass guitar. All Trip needs is a percussion back up and he will fill in all the parts on his own. I don't understand why he has not been written up in all the guitar magazines or garnered recognition from Rolling Stone magazine.If you have never heard Tripp you owe it to yourself to at least listen to a clip. His music stirs my soul.
Hip To Hip is a glorious throwback to the days when jazz was jazz and chanteuse could bewitch a room with a phrase, a lilt and a raised eyebrow. If you love jazz, or just enjoy being serenaded by a talented female vocalist, Hip To Hip offers all that and more.
I'm disappointed that someone-Vasser fan or not-could give this album one star. The fact that he could demonstrates why performance artists get stereotyped and pinned into repeating the same role endlessly.I would agree that a couple of tracks are a bit weak, but that is true of many otherwise fine albums. And it's true that Vasser stays within the arrangements, rather than drift into personal displays of technical brilliance.  But one star for such great playing? I don't think so.The arrangements on Back Porch Swing are tight, balanced, flow when they should and sizzle when they need to. Vasser demonstrates a fluidity and technical virtuosity that could have made him a jazz legend, had he chosen to pursue that genre, although bluegrass would have been left much the poorer.I've rated this five stars to contradict the one star review. It is probably deserving of a four.
I became an immediate fan of Julia Rich after seeing her perform with the Glenn Miller Orchestra a few months ago. She has an elegant, unaffected style that I find very appealing.After listening to "Witch Hazel," I learned that Ms. Rich's skills as a singer are matched by her skills as a songwriter. Some of her material, such as "Dreaming Dreams and Such" and "A Little Thing Called Gin," are so intensely personal that it is difficult to imagine anyone other than her singing them.Around half of the songs on this CD are originals; and, though Ms. Rich's performance of standards is uniformly excellent ("Desafinado" is especially outstanding), those originals alone make this a great buy. They make it clear that Julia Rich is not only a singer and songwriter with considerable talent but is also a highly intelligent woman with a great deal of insight.The other musicians on this CD are also excellent.Readers of this review should know that I typically prefer instrumentals over vocals, especially in the genre of jazz. But I have listened to "Witch Hazel" many times, and I seem to enjoy it more each time.Ghs
Very tasty stuff, especially the melodic solos. Great musicianship, of course, from both. Excellent repertoire of tunes. Again, great solos.
Ever go a through a string of near-misses on your music purchases, and then finally buy something that is completely and utterly satisfying? This is one of those great CDs that have earned a permanent place on my playlist. If you are an enthusiast of great jazz guitar, great jazz mandolin, or great jazz combos, you'll be satisfied. And if, like me, you're a fan of all three...I don't think this can be beat.
IMHO, best meta/experimental jazz album of '07. Perhaps of the decade. Much more coherent and fluid than 'there, just as you look for it', ABA is a relaxing, yet equally edgy must for doing the dishes on a warm summer night with the windows open as you steal a cigarette out the window. It evokes classic Davis and coked-out Coleman in between the notes, and has the kind of guitar work to make Joe Pass and Mikey Baker weep. Hell, Stan Getz would recommend this album; but so would Sonic Youth. Add to the fact that these are some of the coolest guys anybody could ever meet....You should buy this.
Nino Tempo & April Stevens (born Antonino and Carol LoTempio) were a superb brother and sister act; I love to hear them sing and it's great that there are a few introductory tracks here for newcomers to discover them and enjoy their music! Nino and April could harmonize flawlessly and they sometimes sang or even spoke lyrics slightly out of synch for a great effect. The music fits in perfectly with their vocals on all of the songs here and these are just a few of their best songs."Deep Purple" by Peter DeRose and Mitchell Parish comes from their 1963 album of the same name and it gets the royal treatment from Nino Tempo and April Stevens; they sing "Deep Purple" beautifully and their version remains one of my favorites of all time! I especially like how at one point April is speaking a few lines while her brother Nino continues to sing his lines; it makes "Deep Purple" wonderful--no wonder they got a Grammy for this! "Sweet and Lovely" also comes from their 1963 album "Deep Purple;" "Sweet and Lovely" has a fantastic melody and they deliver this with lots of genuine heart and soul. Nino and April take the classic "Whispering" from their album "Nino and April Sing the Great Songs" and breathe new life into it; "Whispering" sounds fresh and new when this duo performs it and that's grand. "Stardust" is equally well done and the track set ends with Nino Tempo and April Stevens performing the memorable "I'm Confessin' That I Love You" which again comes from "Nino and April Sing the Great Songs."Nino Tempo and April Stevens were one of the best brother and sister acts of the twentieth century; they aren't remembered as much as they should be but perhaps that will change with continued sales of their songs for download as well as their albums. I highly recommend their music.
These tunes come from a series of sessions recorded by bassist Peter Ind in New York City around 1960. Accompanied by Ronnie Ball on piano, Ind on bass, and Dick Scott on drums, Marsh is in excellent form, with a strong yet feathery tone. Most of the tracks focus on his flowing, exploratory solos, and fade out afterward, so don't expect much of a composed framework, just ongoing creative improvisation. Highlights include Sweet Georgia Brown, Coolhouse (based on Tadd Dameron's Hot House), It's You or No One, Alone Together, A New Kind of Blues, Foreground Music, and Marshlight. Wow - listen to Warne Marsh play!
Kansas City has been known historically as a Jazz Mecca, with its association to names like Charlie Parker and Count Basie. Bringing this Kansas City tradition up to date, let me introduce you to The JWB (The James Ward Band), K.C.-based, and led by bassist James Ward since 1997. Ward's extensive resume includes performances with names like Marcus Roberts, Nat Adderly, Mark Whitfield, Patti Austin, Russell Malone... and that's just scratching the surface. The JWB mixes Latin, R&B, Fusion, Funk, Jazz and Gospel into an incredibly tasty musical brew, and their debut release IN PERSPECTIVE very much reflects that excitement and rhythmic diversity! From the delicious "Midday" (their first radio single) to the festive "Joyful Noise" to the funky "Bet That Up," this band has got it goin' on! It's inventive, it's classy, it's memorable. You need to get to know The JWB. Kansas City's venerable jazz heritage continues! ~SCOTT O'BRIEN
I don't usually write reviews but I have to comment on this CD.  No, this is not noted drummer Tony Williams.  Having said that, this cat can play the guitar.  Check the sample snippets out.  They give an excellent indication of what this CD is about.  Extra smooth Jazz with enough edge to keep you entertained.  If you like guitar work, this is happenin'.  If you like smooth jazz that isn't watered down, get this
I luv David and always have. I first knew him from Christian Youth Camps as a kid. My hat is off to him for making this great Christmas Jazz Recording. God Bless You, my old friend.
This inspired collection of favorite Christmas songs done with David Baroni's signature spontaneous arrangements is like a toasty fire on a snowy day!To see and hear music from this stellar recording simply enter "David Baroni Christmas FingerPaintings" on the youtube search!You will enjoy this recording and video samples from his well-loved recording "Christmas FingerPaintings." Enjoy!Christmas Fingerpaintings
This music is so beautiful and really calms the spirit and gets you ready to celebrate our Lord's birth!!! I highly recommend it! Merry Christmas!
I've seen GKO perform a couple of times and it is a great show. This is a great album, loaded with some of my favorites, such as Minnie the Moocher, 'Ole Black Magic, and The A-Train. I highly recommend it.
I saw Rhonda Benin at Freight and Salvage performance a few weeks ago, one of an amazing group of blues singers. There was too much of a crowd to find her cd at the sales table, so I searched for it on Amazon. Great bunch of songs. Play a few clips and decide for yourself. If she is ever in your area, go see her!
Excellent. A must have for true audiophiles. You will not be disappointed. Stimulating and thought provoking. Your collection will thank you.
After reviewing the tracks I had to have it. I was not disappointed at all. My favorite is " Follow My Lead".
I was very happy with all songs on Follow My Lead cd. Great purchase and I truly enjoyed the smoothnessand soulful tunes.
Featuring Jerome Widenhouse (of Squirrel Nut Zippers) on coronet, the Firecracker Jazz Band is expertly-played Dixieland jazz.  Enthusiastic, up-tempo, and intricate blends of melody and harmony make this album not only difficult to put down, but also nearly impossible to get out of your head.Though the album feels like old standards, most of the songs are original compositions.
I love this one. It's almost as good as Fats Waller's famous stride piano solos in my view. If anyone knows of any better than this please let me know, and I'll buy those as well.
This is second Teddy Wilson CD in my library - other one also excellent is &#34;And then they wrote&#34;.  Good standards - straight up.  Recording quality excellent in my opinion, especially consider these are early recordings (1939-40).
The session that produced this album was recorded in Copenhagen, Denmark on April 26, 1962. Personnel were two Danish musicians, the well known and highly regarded bassist Niels-Henning rsted Pedersen (a.k.a., 'The Great Dane with the Never-Ending Name') and a drummer about whom I know nothing: William Schiopffe. I will say that Schiopffe's skills are impressive.Sound samples on this page convey the power of the studio performances. Not only are the musicians in excellent form, but the recording itself is clear and captures not only the sound, but somehow manages to record the spirit and energy of the session.What is interesting - to me - is the tracks that were selected. Monk's compositions are well represented with 52nd Street Theme, Straight No Chaser and - obliquely with Rifftide. The latter has a history behind it that is tied to Monk's Hackensack. I will discuss that in a comment to this review to keep it on focus. Ruby My Dear was recorded during this session, but did not make it to the album.Aside from Monk, the bebop-influenced theme is continued with Tadd Dameron's Hot House, Bud's own composition - Bouncing With Bud - and Denziel Best's composition Move. Benny Golson's tribute to Clifford Brown, I Remember Clifford, is a beautiful and sentimental piece that I have always loved. Bud and his other trio members did it the justice that it deserved. Although Irving Berlin's The Best Thing For You is an odd track given the other songs, it fit the album's theme perfectly.Wrapping up, this is one more piece of evidence that Bud was in full command of his powers as late as 1963. One of the highlights on this album is Pedersen's bass work, which adds a dimension to this album that should be studied by every bassist (and drummer) for how to create a pulse and mood that elevates the music. I'll place a short piece about the Rifftide-Hackensack connection in a comment below.
I heard these two play live several years ago and was excited to learn that they had an album up for download on Amazon. Both Pete and Larry are very talented musicians.
This is a must buy for Rag time fans Get it while it's hot and play it when you are feeling down and out
As a fan of artists such as Miles Davis, Kenny G, and Esperanza Spalding, along with bands like System of a Down, Tool, and Metallica, this album is like heaven to me. Just imagine all 6 of those artists getting together and making songs (without singing), and this would be the result of it. Sounds like a strange combination of artists, but it definitely works. I'm just recently getting into fusion and experimental music, so my opinion might not mean too much, but this is the best example of genre crossovers that I have ever heard. I highly recommend this to anyone who's into either jazz or metal, or anyone who just enjoys interesting and unique music. My only complaint is that it's way too short, but that's what the replay button is for.
Rafal Gorzycki - Ecstasy Project leader, looks at music through its twentieth-century struggle. Starting with improvisation and jazz he turns his attention towards the experiences of the European chamber music of the previous century. This is where he tries to find substantial solutions for his musical experiments. The music of mature Europe digested in the atonality, neo-Romanticism and minimalist experiments seems to be great support in his poetic excursions towards Europe Impossible, Europe with no Chaos, Europe of philosophers, artists and craftsmen. And this is this vision that makes him study the rich heritage of the last century avant-gard. With his band, whose members come from the cultures of classical music, yet again does he discourse about the beauty and lyricism devoid of the pressure of the noisy commerciality. Ecstasy Project tells us how beautiful and wise Europe is with its experience. Let us listen, although so difficult it is sometimes to believe in this beauty... (Zbigniew Zielinski)
April 22, 2009 by Hidden Gem reviewing Blown FuseExcellent music by one of the best bass players I have ever heard and the mix of different music just makes this an a++ download.  I would suggest that anyone who is looking for the best fusion since fusion to come along definitely not miss this one!  Amazing players makes for an amazing CD! BUY THIS!!!
This CD is great for getting away. For those who are stuck in place with out sunshine, put in this disc and close your eyes. It takes you away to a happy state of mind, and helps you enjoy the day just that much more.
bob baldwin makes it look easy, but his sound is strangely entrancing -- the rhythms come at you just a tiny bit faster than you can sort them out, which keeps you listening over and over.  there's talent galore -- clean arrangements of lilting, hang-loose melodies put across with sparkling, welcoming musicianship.  it's pure pleasure.  hear this album and you'll want more from baldwin.  one reason is there's not a bad cut on this one; my favorites are "manhattan samba", "i wanna be where you are" and "last call for love".  they're all infectious.  they weave themselves right through you.
An amazing CD!  If you're looking to get away from your daily grind, listening to "Brazil Chill" will wisk you away causing you to forget where you are and truly believe that you are on the beach in Brazil!  Take a mental vacation and buy "Brazil Chill!" It never leaves my stereo!
I see this excellent album as the successor of real classics such as &quot;A Brazilian Love Affair&quot; by George Duke (1979), &quot;Salongo&quot; by Ramsey Lewis (1976) or &quot;Happy People&quot; by Paulinho Da Costa (1979). Like &quot;Brazil Chill&quot;, these albums contain brilliant mixtures of American style Jazz-Funk and Brazilian rhythms as well as melodies and vocals from the largest Latin-American country, which delivers the most wonderful folklore music on this planet. For anyone who loves Latin flavors and Contemporary Jazz, this is the most important release of the year!! I would give &quot;Brazil Chill&quot; 10 stars if I could even though 5 is the maximum!
A true lover of the beauty and purity of Brazilian/Latin jazz myself, I find that Bob's urban flavors he infuses within the genre in no way dilute it but rather enhance and give it an even broader range which is a compliment to the genre as well as Bob's innovation and obvious love for it himself.  I believe it may in an underlying way be Bob's way of making jazz in general, and Brazilian jazz in particular with this project, more palatable to those who have not cared for jazz let alone any Latin interpretations of the artform.  I don't want to bash the critics on this post who don't care for this project, but there are some people who have a limited range of insight musically, whether they'd care to admit it or not, or even know it or not.I tend to go deeper into songs from the standpoint of musically applying what I feel from a given song on instruments, namely drums and keyboards.  Although I love the silky melodic journey Bob takes us in his cover of "I Wanna Be Where You Are," I really like the energy and drive that "Cafezinho" delivers.  From a percussionist's viewpoint, there's a lot going on in that track beyond the root bass and snare patterns which by the way are not from a drum machine.  I hereby am givin' the drumma some for the chops!Bob, if you're reading this, it's commendable work so nevermind the nay-sayers.  Please continue to concoct those urban-fabulous formulas of yours.
BB is hot once again!  You see, I agree!  Let's get out of the same old boring radio box and get into something different. It's about the rhythms, the mood, the feeling of Brazil. He captured it and it is good!!
it is so easy to listen too, every time I hear it I hear something new. never can say goodbye is he story of my life..
This one of the best products of the year.  The tunes are very diverse, and there is not a single &quot;throw away cut&quot; on the CD. If you like nice melodic arrangements and a perfect scycopation of horns, guitars and keyboards, don't miss out on this one.
Solid performances of songs that I love.Probobly my favorite cd by Bob. Could'nt find the cd so I got the download.  Highy recommended
I bought this Jazz CD as a gift to my Son. Bob Baldwin.comis really good stuff.&#34;  the music just soars. Featuring Chuck Loeb,Gerald Albright .This Jazz CD is a positive energy, spread joyAll track is tribute to Grover Washington JR.
This may be Baldwins most expansive work.  I enjoyed this CD very much.  Guest that hear this CD inquire as to the artist and are impressed with the style and power.  Looking forward to his follow up.
I got this album on its initial release in 2000 and still say its his best release to date , not only does bob play flawlessly the album also features guest artists gerald albright , tom browne , dean james and the Magnificent Marion Meadows.Still sounds as tough today as it did 7 years ago and not surprisinly reissued in 2006.
I love this CD! I have been listening to it for the last 48-72 hours. In my opinion, the overall tone of this CD is close to a &quot;smooth-groovin'-funk&quot;. Hopefully this makes sense to someone else besides me. But seriously, this is a &quot;must have&quot; for any jazz lovers collection. Enjoy!
I have been a Bob Baldwin fan since his release &quot;Reflections of Love.&quot; I borrowed this cd from someone and they'll be extremely fortunate if they actually get it back. I was intrigued that someone actually took a chance and did a remake of &quot;Jamaica Funk&quot;, by and featuring, yes, Tom Browne.  It is definitely on point!  It also features one of my personal favorites, Gerald Albright, and Marion Meadows.  I am one who is usually of the opinion that people should leave well enough alone.  But not in this instance! His remakes of &quot;Never Can Say Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Back at One&quot; and &quot;I Wish&quot; by Carl Thomas are equally as beautiful. The cd has a virtual who's who of today's best smooth jazz artists including the people mentioned above, Chuck Loeb and Dean James.  Armstead Christian a very talented vocalist in his own right does an extraordinary job on a piece titled, &quot;Being With You.&quot;  I really hope people will get behind this project and support it.  It is an excellent cd and most definitely worth the extra effort that may be involved in trying to locate it.  Also recommended are the cd mentioned above and &quot;Cool Breeze.&quot; This is an excellent addition to your smooth jazz collection.  Enjoy!
Bob Baldwin is not one of the well known artist but he is one of the best. I purchased this CD previously and wore it out. I had to get the MP3 so I wouldn't wear this one out too. I loved it from the first track. The entire CD is awesome. This led me to check out his other music and now I am his #1 fan. He is great.!!! I now own everything he has made.
Bob Baldwin does it again as he have for years.By the end of next week I will have all of his CD's.I love his music especially when he adds "Will Downing" to add flavor!Thank you!Ms. Wanda
This cd is wonderful from start to finish.  It can easily be background or foreground music.  I love all the songs on this cd.  My favorite is 'A Song For You', one of the best renditions that I have heard to date.
WOW! I Just downloaded this CD and I am hungry for more, too bad this is his only CD. Bobby's smooth, deep and mellow Sax brings new life to the overrun Sax brigade.Thanks Amazon, keep up the good work!
I had never heard of Bobby Ricketts after listening to the samples, Thanks Amazon, I loved this cd.
Tony reminds of Leonard Cohen (?) in maybe one way: both their voices ripened and improved with age, both peaking in the 1980s. So for Bennett, I find Berlin to be be his recording with the perfect voice. (Berlin was released in 1987, just before his huge return in the 1990s). But this recording from 1963, and Songs For the Jet Set from 1965, are among his best songs and arrangements in the Bennett discography. The title track and 'The Good Life' are both very good. There's not a bad song on the entire LP/CD/MP3. I would single out 2 others as, along with 'All My Life' from Berlin, as the 3 best songs he ever recorded, among the best ever recorded by a male singer. 'Once Upon A Summertime 'has been recorded by many others, including Barbra and Blossom Dearie. Bennett's version is perfect, devastating. At 2 minutes long I always go back and listen again. And there is 'It Was You', which I can't even find on Google. Another tremendous song, wistful and beautiful. So take a listen to some of these tunes from over 50 years ago. Music that will last.
Tony is one of the all time greats. this album has some of the best in song. if your looking for something soothing and kind to the ears and heart, this is for you. you will listen and feel great afterwords. and you'll listen again and again. bring some Bennett into your life!!
Paul Desmond is a legend, so I do love this CD.  It should be in every music lover's collection, no doubt about it.
Gorgeous, mellow, romantic, simply beautiful.This is an album you want to listen in a beautiful autumn day.I just love all songs in this album so much.
"Paul Desmond" is all a person has to know.  He's the one that wrote "Take Five" while with Dave Brubeck, and made famous on his alto sax, but  credit was passed onto Dave Brubeck's band, tho Brubeck is great on his own right.
I have been listening to &#34;Bossa Antiqua&#34; several times daily since I purchased it. Desmond's mellow and melodic artistry always puts me in a very calm and pleasant place. A perfect natural stress and anxiety reliever!
All I need to say is &#34;Paul Desmond and Jim Hall&#34;. If you know who these cats are, you know. If you don't know, try it you'll like it!
Paul Desmond is not especially known for bossa nova, but with Jim Hall on guitar, Connie Kay on drums, and five great bass layers on the various tracks, this album from 1964 is a joy. No one (except maybe Getz) could equal Desmond's suave handling of Latin jazz.
Desmond loved Latin-American music long before nthe 1963-1965 craze started by Stan Getz & "The Girl From Ipanema." Well, Stan had an affair with Astrid Gilberto, & that was the end of that. There weres some compilations after that, but as far as Stan was concerned, he considered it done. He had a heroin habit which plagued him, & he hated playing requests for that girl from Ipanema until his death in 1991.Bossa Antigua picks up the samba-based rim shots of drummer Connie Kay on Take Ten and tries to make a whole new record out of them. While the title track duplicates the original percolating groove of "El Prince," other tracks like "Samba Cantina" revert to a typical bossa nova rhythm of the period, which leads one to conclude that "bossa antigua" is merely whatever Desmond says it is. Of the album's two non-originals, "The Night Has a Thousand Eyes," of course, is made-to-order for Desmond's wistful, sophisticated temperament, and he delivers exactly what a Desmond devotee would expect and love; and "A Ship Without a Sail" has some memorable off-the-cuff solo ideas. Jim Hall is around again to lend subtle rhythm support and low-key savvy in his solos, and like many Desmond companions of this period, he makes a fine sparring partner in the contrapuntal exchanges. The Brubeck Quartet's Gene Wright again lends a sturdy hand on bass. The playing is wonderful throughout, though just missing the full-throttle inspiration of Take Ten.
It had been years since I last heard cuts from this album. I heard one played recently and searched for the album title. When I saw the name, it came back to me. This was an album I had always wanted. If you like Bossa Nova, and are unfamiliar with this album, listen to the sample tracks, you may really like it.
Desmond's sax is instantly recognizable to those of us in the music world. His pairing here with another distinctive player, the iconic guitarist Jim Hall, is a worthy tribute to the likes of Jobim and the sparkling appeal of the Bossa Nova.
Beautiful arrangement and ear catching music that will sure to please any Bossa nova jazz fan. Desmond is not just talented on the horn but his arrangement that includes the twists and turns will excite you, calm you and will definitely please you .
There are few albums in which chorus after chorus need to be listened to, studied, and most importantly,  enjoyed.Paul Desmond's recordings with Jim Hall are rightly considered some of the best small group jazz from the late 50's and early 60's, piano-less: alto, guitar, bass and drums. They achieved a symmetry seldom matched in jazz, not just because they were masters of their instrument, but because they took their time,lightly and politely.Such sympatico music certainly happens, but not often enough, and less so now, with the number of sidemen-true music-in any genre-comes from rapport, over and over again. And when it does happen, (as Arthur Miller said) attention must be paid.."Listening to Hall now is like turning onion skin pages; one lapse of your attention and his solo is rent." Whitney BalliettAnd, of course, Desmond's cool, dry,and ethereal playing have yet to be replicated.Few jazz musicians understand the tremendous importance of space, of what NOT to play, and how to organise thoughts when telling a story. Both Desmond and Hall understood that music, as life, unfolds, and not to rush it, and in doing so, enjoy the journey; you see and hear much more.If this album does not make you understand more about jazz and story lines, take up another interest like curling..It is hard to fully articulate how good an album this is, and to listen to it again and again for its poetry. Don't believe me? Desmond as a composer was outstanding, and the first cut, the title song, Bossa Antigua, shows his appreciation of melody, and understanding of Brazilian harmonics-he got it fully. And with Connie Kay, who gives it his usual immaculate rhythm and Latin beat, a cascading solo by Hall, and we're off and running to Rio..."The Night Has a Thousand Eyes" is next (and there is an alternate take, which, while good, deserves to stay as an alternate). I have many versions of this standard, some musculuar, soft, avant-garde, and I dare anyone to play me a better version. Sensual, sinewy and poetic, both Desmond and Hall play magic, and own the song, as far as I'm concerned."O Gato"  was written by Jim's wife, Jane, but credit on the liner notes-(written by Desmond) goes to Jane Herbert, assume her maiden name, as he refers to her only asy "Jim Hall's friend". From another interview, here is what Jane Hall added:"O Gato was named after a cat we [Jane and Jim] had at the time named Pablo. At first the song didn't have a bridge. But when Paul recorded it, I was so inspired by his melodic improvising that I wrote the bridge".  Got that right, melodic improvising, languid and pretty.Desmnd takes the old Rodgers and Hart chestnut (seldom played or sung) "A Ship Without a Sail' out for a slow cruise. He sticks to the melody, (a hard one to sing) builds to a sensual 3 choruses and reworks it effortlessly, Hall comping and taking a seamless solo that literally hits all the right notes, Kay giving a lilt to make the song sway in the breeze. The melody stays and stays with you, a gem of a song.The piece de resistance for me (and I think I first got the LP 25 years ago) remains Desmond's "The Girl From E 9th St". Desmond's puckish humour, from the title to the liner notes surface with this title, the antithesis to "The Girl From Ipanema" (remember this was recorded in 1964, at the height of the bossa nova craze).A gorgeous tune, listen to it carefully. Jim Hall's solo is nothing short of astounding-understanding how to build a solo, his single lines and counterpoints are a thing of beauty, and a song that cannot be improved upon. Never heard anyone else attempt to play any of these songs, and if anyone knows other versions, I'd love to hear them.Go buy this-or for that matter, anything by the two of them, listen, study, shimmy to it,  and realise you are in the aural presence of artistic genius, and give them their due..
Great recording from a bye gone era. Desmond was an still is a top performer of this genre. Excellent CD!
I used to have the LP way back in the 60's. Loved it then, love it now. Actually love it better now that I'm, well, older. The other day I Latin Jazz playing on Pandora  when one of the cuts from this CD came up. I couldn't get to Amazon fast enough to order the CD for wife and myself! Paul Desmond was and will be one the finest sax players that ever lived. If you enjoy Latin Jazz and the soft sounds of bosa nova/samba do yourself a favor and bet this CD. You won't be sorry.
This is so smooth and so mellow.  I could listen to it all day.  I love this music and it is ageless.
I am certain that I was a Beatnic in a previous life. This music stikes a chord (no pun intended) with me. Mellow cool jazz sets the mood for my day and Paul Desmond really brings me there!
Since there are sound samples on this page I am not going to attempt to describe with words what the samples can convey a thousand times better.This is one of a few recordings of Bird in Washington DC. The performance was recorded at the Club Kavakos in Washington D.C. on February 22, 1953. Personnel were Bob Carey, Ed Leddy, Marky Markowitz and Charlie Walp on trumpet, Dan Spiker, Earl Swope and Rob Swope on trombone, Bird and Jim Riley on alto sax, Ben Lary, Jim Parker and Angelo Tompros on tenor sax, Jack Nimitz on baritone sax, Jack Holliday on piano, Merton Oliver on bass and Joe Theimer on drums.The final track is misleadingly titled Red Rodney on Charlie Parker. In fact he does talk about Bird, but he also spends a chunk of the four minute track discussing music in general. If you saw Clint Eastwood'sBird: Charlie Parkeryou will know a little about Rodney that will add some context to that track.You can also find this album along with some tracks from a March 8, 1953 performance at  Howard Theater in Washington DC on Disc Three of a 10-disc set titledKind of Parker.
This turned out to be a really great CD.  It's a very eclectic mix of acoustic guitar, drums, electronic drums, electric guitars, synths and keyboards with some rich soulful singing.  I especially liked the lyrics of the songs; well thought out, heart-felt and poetic.  I would highly recommend this little treasure.
It's been well documented that Billy Eckstine did not get his fair due because his rising star was intercepted by the racially-charged atmosphere of America in the 1940s and 1950s.  His failure to become a "big name" star like Sinatra has even been traced to a single photograph published by Life Magazine, in which he is shown touching the hand of a white woman.Nevertheless, Eckstine's contribution to the evolution of jazz from a swing era "popular" phenomenon to a major art form is probably enormous.  Name the major innovators of modern jazz--Miles, Dizzy, Bird, Jug, Stitt, Dexter, Art Blakey, Sarah--and it soon becomes clear that they were Eckstine band members and that, in place of the big scholarships and grants that today are lavished upon a few lucky young talents, Eckstine afforded each 1. an opportunity to make a living and 2. to meet one another and to exchange musical ideas in what became, in effect, a "traveling conservatory" with a greater impact upon the music than any Julliard, Berklee, or N. Texas State (to name a few colleges that eventually recognized jazz as worthy of academic study).  I heard Gene Ammons say as much when he elected to address a room of admirers following a spirited session with James Moody at Chicago's Jazz Showcase in the early '70s.Even today albums by Miles Davis and Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers are outselling the recordings of current musicians.  And though John Coltrane was never a member of Eckstine's collection of jazz all-stars (at least, to the best of my knowledge), his favorite song was "I Want to Talk About You," the lovely ballad that Billy himself wrote and performed.For the past several decades Coltrane has been revered as the most influential musician during the 2nd half of jazz history.  Some of his albums (e.g. "Giant Steps") have been dissected and memorized by musicians while others continue to show strong sales among a general public thirsting for provocative new music (e.g "My Favorite Things" and "A Love Supreme").  But anyone who truly wants to understand John Coltrane and hear him at his very best needs to listen carefully to at least two of his memorable but totally different recordings of "I Want to Talk About You."1. Begin with Billy's performance of the tune on this collection--if only to get the song in mind and to hear what it was that inspired Coltrane.  2. Now go to Coltrane's solo on the tune in the company of pianist Red Garland (originally a Prestige dateSoultrane).  3. Finally, go to Coltrane's performance with his own celebrated quartet (McCoy, Elvin, Garrison) when he recorded the same tune "on location" (Live at Birdland).While listening to this last version, be sure to be attentive at the end of the song, when Coltrane suddenly plays a cadenza that practically had me driving off the highway between Chicago and Milwaukee when I first heard it!  (The tune was in a CD anthology of "Coltrane Love Songs," and I seriously doubt the DJ was prepared for the dazzling if avante-garde ending.  He immediately issued a sort of apology and went into something mellow by Arthur Prysock.)
I purchased this CD from ArtistShare directly.  I was impressed by the quality of the album.  I feel that he has developed his signature on this one.Within Worldsis definitely an album to listen!
And the Bonus Tracks provide terrific insight into Jon Gordon's creative process.  Thoughtful, exciting, and respecting the best principles of classic and post-modern jazz!!!The Amazon free mp3's SOLD me on Jon Gordon, and I will continue to follow his releases.
I have been listening to Django Reinhardt for awhile and Bireli Lagrene too; I hadn't realized that there were a lot of other great gypsy artists and this band is definitely one of them.
I love the energy of Paul Hanson's bassoon with Dennis Chamber on drums.  The other five star reviews cover it well.  The sound is magnetic.
Paul Hanson is a jazz player who deserves recognition for his amazing playing, the trailblazing path he's taken the bassoon down, and the creativity of his albums, like "Frolic in the Land of Plenty".  This isn't some novelty where a well meaning player attempts a few blues scales, but ends up sounding like a bassoonist "just trying" to do jazz.  It quickly becomes apparent that not only does he pull it off, but that Hanson is actually a gifted jazz player who just happens to play the bassoon.  It doesn't hurt that he has bassoon chops that make a lot of bassoonists go weak in the knees.  He does stuff on the bassoon that you might have previously thought was impossible, like playing complicated licks in the high register, and making it sound easy.Some of the tracks actually take "Frolic" beyond even jazz bassoon.  For this album, he amplifies, processes, loops, and layers the bassoon, achieving some really interesting and different results.  Tracks like this include the title track, "Frolic in the Land of Plenty", a real moody sounding groove, and the arabic sounding "Subtle Deamons", which, besides flat out kicking, features some downright nasty amplified bassoon effects.  At points in both of these tracks, you can hear the bassoon filling in the background, interjecting some counterpoint and echoes, as well as providing the melody, although if you don't listen close, you may not recognize the sound of the heavily processed bassoons, at all.  Hanson outdoes himself with these two tracks, which are my personal favorites on the album.The rest of the album spans the gamut from some pretty driving tracks like "Emerald Mile", to the late night sounding "Sacred Love", to the very different but fun "Flight of the Fly".  Throughout the album, two things are always noticeable:  First, the band backing Hanson is top notch and really tight, including guest drummer Dennis Chambers, who lent his own amazing talents on some of the tracks.  (His grooves on "Subtle Deamons" are awesome.)  Second, this is just great jazz music, period.  At first, you realize that the fact that the lead instrument is a bassoon doesn't take away from the music.  Then, you very quickly appreciate the unique sound the bassoon contributes, especially in Paul's capable hands."Frolic in the Land of Plenty" is a great album.  Anyone who enjoys good driving jazz should definitely check it out.Also, check out his album, "Voodoo Suite"; and the Bela Fleck concert album, "Live at the Quick", which features Paul as a guest performer.
My kid loves Disney music and we listen to them constantly in the car.  I bought this CD as an alternative to the Disney Collection CDs which we've listened to repeatedly.Well, I listened to it twice before I even had a kid in the car with me.  My only complaint is that it's too short.  I could listen to this for much longer!
You gotta love a singer who adds extra nonsense syllables to "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" and "Chim Chim Cheree".A singer with a distinctive voice and style is quite often a poor choice to sing well-known songs.  But there's no such problem here.  The combination of Louis Armstrong and Disney works well - Satchmo's characteristically infectious joy is exactly right for most Disney songs.  And he can be quite heartwarmingly sentimental, too, in "When You Wish Upon a Star".  He has lots of fun with two songs from "The One and Only Genuine Original Family Band", and his "Bear Necessities" is a joy.  There are (almost) no compromises - every song but one is both pure Disney and pure Satchmo.The one exception is "Davy Crockett".  It's a good rendition, and fun to listen to, but his delivery doesn't work quite as well with this as it does with the fairy tale songs. It's great Louis, but it's not characteristically Disney.  For some reason, New Orleans Square is closer to Fantasyland than to Frontierland.But the album as a whole remains delightful.  Nobody is more un-self-consciously happy than Satchmo, and what more do you want for Disney songs?
This is a fun music.  Louis Armstrong is one of the best and what could be more upbeat than Disney classics?  This is uplifting, &quot;feel good&quot; music that is sure to put a smile on your face. Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah [From Song of the South] is worth the price of the album alone, but the album is consistently high quality from start to finish. There are no bad tracks on it. Although an analogue recording from 1966, the sound quality on the CD is superb. This will appeal to both children and the child within.
Satchmo and Disney, my first reaction was not possible.  I am glad I overcame my initial reaction because this CD must be the proof text for the axiom that opposites attract.  This is a relaxing CD that is comfortable with what it is and comes guaranteed to put a smile on your face and greater admiration in your heart for the breathe and versitility of the great Satchmo.
&#34;Disney Songs the Satchmo Way&#34; is a wonderful album that combines the best of old school Disney with Louis Armstrong.
the great louis, playing the great disney songs.  how can there be anything bad about this music?  of course it's not "potato head blues", but what else is?  satchmo is having a great time singing and playing as only he can do.  listen.  enjoy.  listen again.
than 10 tracks.  Louis Armstrong once again proves that his human magic and unique voice can turn any song, even the relatively banal ones here, into a masterpiece.  Kids and adults alike should respond to this one.  There was never anyone like Louis, and if you have been living on Pluto and don't own any of his CDs yet, try the Very Best of Louis Armnstrong for his pop side and Plays WC Handy as an introduction to his jazz.
As a big fan of Louis I endure complaints from my young kids all the time in the car to please change the cd. This cd allows me to enjoy my favorite artist and has helped my children to better appreciate his work. It is infectious throughout and musically stands on its own merit. Highly recommended .
When musicians do arrangements of Disney tunes, as a rule, they get an attack of the &quot;cutes:&quot; Disney songs arranged in the styles of Bach, Debussey, etc.  But Armstrong took these songs seriously, didn't &quot;sing down&quot; to his audience, and worked the same magic on these tunes that he could work with any material that he approached.  His growly Papa-Bear voice is especially perfect for &quot;The Bare Necessities,&quot; from &quot;The Jungle Book,&quot; but it's his jazz version of &quot;Chim Chiminee&quot; that sticks in my head.  Any album by Armstrong is a five-star by definition, but I think this will become one of my all-time favorites.
This is a wonderful album.  I was so impressed I had to play it several times in succession.  Innovative arrangements to great material.  Unfortunately I didn`t feel the same about the MEMORIES OF JOLIE album.
The first jazz album I ever bought when I was a teenager.  I was thrilled to see that it is still available...great arrangements...good listening.  So, it ain't &#34;Sketches of Spain&#34;  or any of the other &#34;immortals&#34; but, it's a good listen.
These cats from new orleans are boss pimps. Their soul funk jazz grooves will improve the quality of your life. Listen to Obstacle Course and your life will immediately become better.
The self-titled album, "Indigo Sunset," is a powerhouse of superb Alternative Jazz music. This group is genuine about their roots and sound as they tastefully blend Classical Jazz, Neo-Soul, and R&B together. The vibrant song, "Say it Again," displays fabulous harmonies that cascades around the soulful lead vocal.  "Sunrise" has a tender melody bolstered by the nimble percussion and heartfelt vocals. A soulful blend of sultry sax riffs and warm electric piano chords highlight the song, "Hamilton."  The Jazzy song, "Sweet Body (Apple Bottom)" flows ever so sweetly with the charming sax hooks and silky vocals. Sit back and relax to the exquisite Alternative Jazz arrangements on, "Indigo Sunset," as it is an endlessly enjoyable album. by Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team
Craig T. Cooper is a master at music production. This album is by far universal and is listened to and played at every occasion...thank you for this masterpiece!
Imagine the music of Incendio but without the jazz overtones and a more pronounced Latin rock groove. Comparisons to flamenco guitarists like Ottmar Liebert will be almost inevitable, with the rapid-fire playing of the acoustic guitar, but this work stands in a class by itself. A great collection of tunes to use as background music for a Latin-themed party of just listening to by yourself. The only fault I find with this music, and it's the same one I found with Ottmar's stuff, the acoustic guitar takes the lead in every instrumental. Would have been nice to hear them change it up a bit, maybe with a marimba or some other instrument taking over for awhile. But the guitar work you DO hear is extremely good. Try downloading the tune "Caliente". If you don't like that one, you probably won't like the rest of what this CD has to offer.
I've said it before about Kellye...she can sing, she can swing.  Get all her stuff, NOW.
I used this for a Mother-Daughter Tea one of my college groups put on, and it was just perfect. It was lovely without being overpowering and it set the tone perfectly.
This album is a great album. My friend Mary's brother is one of the guys in the band. The music is mellow, relaxing yet does not put  you to sleep. This is great background music while at work or cooking.
When you buy this album here is my advice. You may be tempted to put it take it home and play it immediately. I'm going to suggest that you put the album into your car and wait for just the right opportunity to listen for the first timeTrack Listing For: Frank McComb - "Tribute To The Masters"As you can see from the album title as well as the song titles Frank McComb is paying tribute to some of the keyboard masters (ex: Herbie Hancock, Chick Corea, Patrice Rushen, George Duke).1. Chick (for Chick)2. E. 72nd St (for Patrice Rushen)3. Asia (for Russell Ferante and Joe Sample)4. Movin in Traffic (For Russell Ferante)5. Just Ride (for George Duke)6. Cha Cha (for Ramsey Lewis)7. Patrice (for Patrice Rushen)8. If it Wasn't For Herbie and Chick (for Herbie & Chick)9. Duke (for George Duke)
I highly recommend anything woman sings/performs...she's one of the most incredible musicians I've ever heard!!! Saw her in a concert here recently and I had to go on line to find her CD's...so glad I did!!
Appealing classical music with a very fresh, yet old-school recording, performance. Transports you to a lost time. Just a treat to listen to over and over again.
This is a great album for everyone that likes to hear some well known classical themes in a new costume.The musicians truly play their heart out.It really moves to listen to these wonderful musicians.Drenski"s saxophone tone reminds of Jan Garbarek but is warmer.A great buy!
This is a fresh sound. Kind of remind me a mix between Gangstarr and Black Eyed Peas.
Amazing ... ... just for fans!!!! ... who wants to know the band should see Score or Live At Budokan ... mark 7 at all ...
"Chaos In Motion 2007-2008", while their 17th album overall, is Dream Theater's 6th live album to date. If you are a huge fan of Dream Theater's, and you do not have this live CD (triple CD to be accurate) in your collection, then you will have to buy the "Special Edition" DVD of "Chaos In Motion".The "Standard Edition" DVD of "Chaos In Motion" is a double disc DVD, where the first disc features the concert (actually different performances from different concerts performed on their "Chaos In Motion" World Tour, a tour, in which Dream Theater was using to support their 2007 album, "Systematic Chaos"). The second disc features the DVD's bonus features.The "Special Edition" DVD of "Chaos In Motion" contains 5 discs. The last 2 discs featured on this here "Edition" are the same 2 DVDs as the "Standard Edition", while the first 3 discs are the album.DISC ONE: CD ONE"INTRO" / "ALSO SPRACH ZARATHUSTRA"Performed on October 9, 2007 at Ahoy Rotterdam in Rotterdam, Netherlands. This is an amazing intro, starting off with sound clips featuring Dream Theater's material from "When Dream And Day Unite" (1989) all the way up to "Octavarium" (2005), with Dream Theater, then performing a hard, progressive rock version of the classic Strauss composition, "Also Sprach Zarathustra". When you watch the DVD, the "Intro" is shown on a video screen, not only allowing you to hear Dream Theater's material from 1989 - 2005, but also showing clips to go along with the audio."CONSTANT MOTION"Originally from the album "Systematic Chaos" (2007). Performed on October 9, 2007 at Ahoy Rotterdam in Rotterdam, Netherlands. What an amazing song to choose as the official concert "Opener"."PANIC ATTACK"Originally from the album "Octavarium" (2005). Performed on March 4, 2008 at Luna Park in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Awesome live performance."BLIND FAITH"Originally from the album "Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence" (2002). DVD Version performed on August 18, 2007 at Molson Amphitheater in Toronto, Canada. Another all-time favorite of mine."SURROUNDED"Originally from the album "Images And Words" (1992). DVD Version performed on August 18, 2007 at Molson Amphitheater in Toronto, Canada. "Surrounded", for the last year, has been one of my all-time favorite songs from Dream Theater. Throughout the tour, when performing this song, Dream Theater did an incredibly awesome job with performing this song. #1: They extended the song to about 12-15 minutes. #2: Before performing the final verse of the song, they perform (with James' singing included) a small sample of a song called "Sugar Mice", originally performed by 80s Progressive Rock / Metal band, MARILLION.DISC TWO"THE DARK ETERNAL NIGHT"Originally from the album "Systematic Chaos" (2007). Performed on October 9, 2007 at Ahoy Rotterdam in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Another awesome performance."JORDAN RUDESS KEYBOARD SOLO"Performed on August 21, 2007 at Bank Of America Pavilion in Boston, Massachusetts. I always enjoy hearing Jordan showing off is seriously incredible talents. Jordan will always be the keyboard wizard."LINES IN THE SAND"Originally from the album "Falling Into Infinity" (1997). Performed on August 21, 2007 at Bank Of America Pavilion in Boston, Massachusetts. Another awesome song. I just wish Doug Pinnick (of King's X) was available to come in and sing his parts."SCARRED"Originally from the album "Awake" (1994). Performed on August 21, 2007 at Bank Of America Pavillion in Boston, Massachusetts. Awesome song. Awesome performance."FORSAKEN"Originally from the album "Systematic Chaos" (2007). Performed on May 6, 2008 at Oprheum Theater in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. I still cannot get enough of hearing this song, studio or live. This performance was recorded the day after (Vocalist) James LaBrie's 45th birthday, but before my 23rd birthday."THE MINISTRY OF LOST SOULS"Originally from the album "Systematic Chaos" (2007). Performed on May 6, 2008 at Orpheum Theater in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Another all-time favorite of mine.DISC THREE"TAKE THE TIME"Originally from the album "Images And Words" (1992). Performed on October 9, 2007 at Ahoy Rotterdam in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Still one of my all-time favorite Dream Theater tunes."IN THE PRESENCE OF ENEMINES": I. PREULUDE / II. RESURRECTION / III. HERETIC / IV. THE SLAUGHTER OF THE DAMNED / V. THE RECKONING / VI. SALVATIONOriginally from the album "Systematic Chaos" (2007). Awesome "Epic" song. I love it that Dream Theater decided to perform the song as "one" instead of splitting it in two as it appears on the album, "Systematic Chaos"."SCHMEDLEY WILCOX": I. "Trial Of Tears" / II. "Scene Nine": Finally Free / III. "Learning To Live" / IV. "In The Name Of God" / V. "Octavarium""Trial Of Tears" originally from the album "Falling Into Infinity" (1997). "Scene Nine": Finally Free originally from the album "Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes From A Memory" (1999). "Learning To Live" originally from the album "Images And Words" (1992). "In The Name Of God" originally from the album "Train Of Thought" (2003). "Octavarium" originally from the album "Octavarium" (2005). You cannot get any better than this here 25+ minute medley. What an awesome performance.This live album is just way too awesome to not have in your collection. The DVD is outstanding, showing additional clips in between each performance. DVD #2 gives awesome bonus features, including a 90 minute documentary, showcasing the guys on tour. This documentary shows just how awesome the guys are, not only onstage as musicians, but offstage, as "real" personable guys. They seriously look like a fun batch of guys, especially (Drummer) Mike Portnoy, who is real fun-loving goofball.
I pre-ordered this limited edition set mid last September and it showed up today for only $36.99!  What a bargain for such a limited press!  My hats off to Amazon again!  You guys rock!  This CD/DVD rocks!!!  Thanks again!
Great for any DT fan, James LaBrie just never bounced back from his vocal chords rupturing years ago. His softer singing is still good, but he can not project at any real volume. Instrumentals are phenominal!!!
If you like David Sanborn, you will like this! Sexy and smooth and very enjoyable to the end. I'm looking forward to more from them.
Simply, DT is the best, but the need to get a good photographer, film director whatever cause every single time I buy DT DVD, I get really mad, Mike Portnoy is a very very very very good drummer, but he's a very bad director, he can't be a film maker, Portnoy please stop & pay some money for a good director to take care of your DVDs'.Whenever Petrucci starts any solo, I wanna see his hands, his performance, but I find camera man's focusing on Portnoy, audience, or anything but Petrucci, & sometimes they get the worst camera, worst resolution on Petrucci, WTF !!Still DT music is the best I can't tell how much I love their music.
I pre-ordered this item back in August as soon as it became available for pre-order. The day it was released, I get an e-mail from Amazon saying the delivery date is pushed back. Meanwhile, I chose 2 day shipping. I called them 3 times that day and was PROMISED AND ASSURED it would be delivered by Oct 2. They LIED right to me. This item is a limited edition with only 5000 being pressed. They NEVER had any to pre-sell. I got it from FYE, and as far as I can tell, they are the only ones selling it. The set is amazing and worth every penny, but Amazon lost a customer with me.
This is yet another great collection of live songs from one of the most tallented bands around. Many who have reviewed this product have complained that it isn't one complete concert, but rather several concerts strung together. That didn't bother me any, though. This showcases many songs not seen or heard in a live recording before from the Systematic Chaos album. My only real complaint is that James LaBrie's vocals have way too much treble, and at times can hurt your ears. The supplimental material is really good, and shows how Dream Theater has the freedom to tour on their schedule and still spend pleanty of time with their families. I can't wait until their next album and tour. These guys constantly bring us something new with each album, and their live performances keep getting better and better!
I bought this for my husband for his birthday. He is a huge fan of Dream Theater. As soon as he opened his gift he spent an entire Saturday watching the entire collection of DVDs. I even found myself on occasion glancing at the behind stage scenes. It gives a great view of the band by all angles. Fabulous! This is a must have for any Dream Theater fan.
First of all, this rating is from a die-hard fan, If you think DT is just ok, just another prog-metal band, it's 3 stars or even less. The production of the live part of this collection is nowhere nearly as good as their previous dvds. Imagine "once in a live time", as MP mentioned beforehand or three bonus tracks on "Score".The behind their tour documentary on disc 2 is actually, to me the main dvd. The live is the bonus. The documentary focusing on each and every member(not just MP and JP, and JM talks more than ever!!) and particularly the crew behind their gigs is truly interesting to watch. But none of these can be interesting enough to I-think-DT-is-just-ok fans.The CDs are great, to me the best ever since I liked the songs on "Systematic chaos" and others included here. If they'd released the CDs alone, I would've recommended them to even those softcore DT fans...They could have put couple of bonus tracks just for the CDs though for the extra money we paid.My only concern is that we're probably not going to see these songs here on their future live dvd with a decent production for a long time since they don't like things to be redundant.
Got it, it's fantastic worth every penny. Got mine 39.99 at FYE.The Ministry of Lost Souls is awesome, Take The Time is stellar, and In the Presence of Enemies is stupendous.I watched some of the documentaries, they really show that the band has a lot of love for each other.Overall really awesome.
Dream Theater reside at the top of the heap of progressive metal bands and there is no real close second. The musicianship and virtuosity that these five performers deliver is unmatched by anyone else. Dream Theater is not everyone's cup of tea as they do not deliver the commercial schlock that one typically gets on radio ad nauseum. This latest DVD offering is a compilation of performances from their last extensive tour. I feel it very much captures a more raw version of Dream Theater in concert compared to the more polished SCORE DVD of a few years ago. It still blow the socks off nearly anything else out there and you owe it to yourself to check it out. These boys simply never disappoint.
This Double DVD, Triple CD is Great... I have every Dream Theater CD/DVD ever released... So will you guys SHUT THE FU???!! You make this DVD sound like garbage!! I read your comments before watching it, and I really thought it was as bad as Cliff 'em All or something (Cliff 'em All was ok for it's time)... In chaos in motion, you can see & hear everything the F CLEAR AS CRYSTAL!!! So what the F are you little B*****s whining about?? Your reviews SCARED me! I thought my DVD was a total waste of money or something (of course I was gonna keep it for the record anyways:P)... Sure it's no Budokan or Score... But hell it's still F'IN' AWESOME! You can still see every solo and every good part zoomed & more!!! It's pretty AWESOME! Specially if you've been @ a show during that tour, even MORE SO...I do agree with those who say it was more for the fans than more new listeners... But S**t son don't make it sound worse than it really is.. It's great!I would still recommend 1. Score, 2. Budokan to new listeners but fans should definitely get this one... This is what this one aims at; the fanbase.. Hell on one hand you complain that they're goin' "commercial" and now that they made a fan-special, you complain it'a only for die-hard fans, WTF is wrong with you people??? LMAOA special note to the 60-year-old who said they shouldn't use F on stage: Kindly go to some Drag Queen Bar and ask them to be gentle with you.. WAKE UP GRAMPS, THIS IS METAL!!! You're not old school, you're old period! Um 5 words: Listen to Elton John F*g!! :DBackground: Have all Dream Theater CDs/DVDs ever realeased and can play 1/2 of all Dream Theater's songs on the guitar (all my favourite ones).P.s. Sorry for being rude, but most of you guys shouldn't bother commenting... You don't even understand what it's all about.
Being a jazz music lover, I found this collection of music very interesting, moving, colorful and soulful.... I had never heard of this artist until I was music searching for piano or keyboard players. Again, very nice cd.
What can I say, other than Brian is a talented and gifted musician! His music takes you to another place. It's almost like magic! Just sit back, close your eyes and take a ride to a blissful place. Two of most favorites are Mesmerized and Autobahn!
by the tight knit Jazz band, The Groovechasers, is a smooth, live recorded album that gives the listener a full heaping of what this band is all about; good Jazz music. This album contains some classic Jazz standards that The Groovechasers creatively put their own musical style to giving the listener a taste of their quality musicianship and wishing that they were at this concert and planning to attend the next. "All Blues," as the track name implies, is a melodious blues-inspired track with an easy-going overtone that puts one in a state of relaxed and serene bliss. "Dig A Little Deeper" on the other hand is comprised of a lot of rhythmic and melodic diversity. The saxophone dominates this one and rides the harmony with laid-back dexterity. "Bags Groove" is an upbeat, sassy, and timeless tune fit for any Jazz night club with its vibrant and energetic swing feel. If you are someone who appreciates the music of Herbie Hancock or Weather Report, then the CD "Groovechasers Live '05" would be a great addition to your Jazz collection.  Trent C. and the [...]
I love Marmarosa's earlier work and this compilation is a treasure trove of twenty-two tracks. The sound quality is lacking on many of the tracks, due in large part to the recording technology of the era, but the mastering to my ears could have also been better.At the time of this review there are no sound samples on the product page for the CD version of this album. There are samples on the MP3 version's product page atDodo Marmarosa On Dial - The Complete Sessions (1946-47). Go there and run through the sound samples and you will not only hear what I mean about the sound quality, but you will also be treated to Marmarosa's amazing style. I find the blending of his classical training and the 'bebop' style fascinating. He was in the thick of that genre and these tracks show that he was one of the early masters. I am going to refrain from comparing him to Bud (Powell) because they were two important musicians whose styles were vastly different. I am betting that they influenced each other.Another thing I love about this compilation is the variety with respect to ensembles. The music is varied and - even today - exciting. At least to my ears. I could add a lot about Marmarosa the man, but it's not relevant in a review about his music. Instead I'll provide the when, where and who of the tracks.The first two tracks were not studio recordings - they were from an Armed Forces Radio Service broadcast from Los Angeles in February 1946. Marmarosa is solo on these tracks.Track three is the alternate title for Charlie Parker's Ornithology. This track was recorded in Los Angeles on March 28, 1946. Charlie Parker on alto is accompanied by Miles Davis on trumpet and Lucky Thompson on tenor sax. Marmarosa leads the rhythm section that is comprised of Arvin Garrison on guitar, Vic McMillan on bass and Roy Porter on drums.Tracks four through nine were recorded on Los Angeles on October 18, 1946 and feature Howard McGhee on trumpet accompanied by Teddy Edwards on tenor sax. Marmarosa leads the rhythm section that is comprised of Arvin Garrison on guitar, Bob Kesterton on bass and Roy Porter on drums.Tracks ten and eleven are private recordings of Marmarosa solo. These were recorded in Los Angeles on sometime in 1947.The remaining tracks were recorded in Los Angeles on December 3, 1947. This is in a trio format and features Marmarosa backed by Harry Babasin on bass and cello, and Jackie Mills on drums.Some folks find such complete compilations with the numerous alternate takes boring. I do not. Only the last session on this album so indulges. For me as a jazz aficionado the album brings be back to an era that was somewhat confused with respect to music trends but rich with musical genius. As a musician this compilation is rich with ideas, some of which are relevant even today.
MUlti-Instramentalis, vocalist..Sexy Sax. Smooth vocals..Great SongsFrom an extremely talented artist & producer..This is one for your collection
"Buscando La Ortographia" is a fantastic album, especially if you are a fan of cuban musicians. This is a great album full of really rich, complex arrangements within the the jazz format. Songs start one place and end somewhere else entirely which I love. I studied congas for a while, so I really enjoy the style of playing this one - notes are solid, and have a lot of melody to them. The solos are unique, and take their time to tell stories. Added to this mix are great horn and piano arrangements. I love this cd. One of the best afro cuban jazz albums i have ever owned. I have had this album since 2007 and i've never gotten tired of listening to it.
I've been enjoying this entire CD, for listening AND for dancing!  Reminds me of Ramsey Lewis at his best!  Blues, Lindy Hop, whatever!  The title track is a special favorite!  Listen for yourself! - Karen Maria
I am so happy to see Brother Jay's music here on Amazon. I bought this album a few years ago when I got the chance to meet Brother Jay in person while he was doing a CD signing on a military installation. His positivity and willingness to share his story really impressed me and I decided to give his albums a try. I listen whenever I need to meditate or just have a positive chillout.
I knew this guy when he was a kid! My how talented he is!To be honest I bought this cd out of support...I'd given up on jazz a long time ago but after hearing this cd, and this man blow...I'm hooked again! Nice job Rod!
It's a shame that Smooth Jazz has left the "airwaves" of Washington, D.C.  This is where I heard the local talents of Doc Flowers on Smooth Jazz 105.9.  They played the title track "Breakin' Out" and I said who is this guitarist!  So, I went to one of the local records stores and found Doc Flowers in the Jazz section.  I decided to take a chance, since I love guitarist (my favorites are Wes Montgomery and Ronny Jordan).  I am glad that I did, Doc's album is all of that and a bag of chips!!  He has that flava!  If you like Earl Carter (DC local), George Benson, Norman Brown, Earl Klugh, and Doc Powell then you should love Doc Flowers!  You are "Slipping" if you "Sleep" on Doc Flowers!  Worth the money!!!
John Taylor, in my not so humble opinion, is as good as it gets. His creative approach, in particular with intervals, chord inversions and time signatures, always refreshes my tired mind. I listen to this and his other albums over and over with ever increasing respect for his stellar pianistic abilities.
What a revelation this record is! I am very familiar with the spiritual work of Fr. Stan Fortuna and his efforts to use music to evangelize in a way relevant to the culture, so when I purchased this record I expected an explicitly Christian record. What I got on the other hand was a primarily instrumental Jazz record of the repertoire provided by the American Standard song book. Surprising? Yes. Swinging and ground-breaking? Yes. Speaking only a jazz musician, I can say that this is an important Jazz record in its own right, Fr. Fortuna's credentials as a spiritual leader notwithstanding. This is, primarily, a record of serious Jazz by serious Jazz musicians, so responding to it as such is the most appropriate approach for the reviewer.The drumming on this record is provided by Peter Scattaretico. His playing is incessantly swinging, but rhythmically very free and complex. His fluid ride cymbal, subtle "bomb dropping" in the snare, and musical and tasteful touch are evident everywhere.  The first track on this record, "All Things," is a highly competent and beautiful rendition of "All the Things You Are" at a medium tempo. The changes are clearly communicated by Fr. Fortuna's bass playing, but he is just as apt to use the bass to provide countermelodies as he is to give us traditional bass lines. It is an approach to bass playing that reminds this listener very much of the great Bill Evans piano trio.Yet, when he walks, and he most often does, Fr. Fortuna's electric bass sounds remarkably like an upright, with an emphasis on beats two and four that is neither over or under done. The bass playing on this record is as near perfect as I have ever heard. Fr. Fortuna uses the entire range of the instrument to provide bass lines, and does so in a historically informed and creative way.Most interesting however are the contrapuntal improvisations between guitar and bass on this record. Fortuna and guitarist Prisco have been playing together for a long time, and the level of communication is nearly preternatural. So often I find that modern music of this ilk fails. It is an inherently dangerous business to improvise music at this level, and the fact that music hangs together so tightly and solidly is a testament to how well these musicians know each other.The second track on the CD is an up-tempo (very bebop flavored) rendition of "Its You or No One" simply titled "Its You" and Prisco's solo manages to be as creative as one can expect. At faster tempos, even the best soloists tend to rely on the use of "language" to a greater degree. Yet, Prisco's playing is fluid, and manages at times to be very creative. As a horn player I really found myself wishing that Dave Liebman or Branford Marsalis was on this set.  The playing of either of these men would compliment this ensemble very well."What Would I Do" gives us a vocal rendition of a standard that has, as always, been given a Christological focus by Fr. Fortuna. Philosophically I am inclined to be opposed to "playing with" the lyrics of standards. The conservative in me wants to see the entire standard communicated exactly as written, perhaps even with the verse before hand. I love the playing of Gary Bartz partially because of his penchant to perform standards to such an exacting degree of "correctness" when communicating the melody.Still, on this record at least, the changes to the lyrics are subtle and and so sophisticated theologically that it is hardly distracting. And Fortuna's voice is soulful and beautiful. He sings in the upper register, with a natural and unforced terminal vibrato that is VERY stylistically appropriate.I am in awe of this record, and consider it an important influence upon my playing. By putting his art in submission to his overall guiding aesthetic, Fr. Fortuna and the group transform the Jazz they are playing. They not only communicate the tradition of the music in a creative and highly competent way, they communicate the tradition of the Faith at the same time. As a Catholic, Fr. Fortuna's faith is hierarchical, with the very un-modern idea of submission playing an important role. This group has a mission. It is a mission to communicate musical truths and spiritual truths. I this reviewer's opinion, they are at this point in history one of the only groups to do so successfully in any style.
There has been few if any great New Age piano artists since the 80's works of David Lanz and Susan Ciani; their recordings included masterful works such as "Pianissimo" and "Cristofori's Dream". This CD is like a lost jewel of the 80's.I was very surprised and pleased to find "Fathers Cabin" to be an analog of that golden genera of haunting melodies; simple, clean, and complex at times. This music doesn't hide from strange instruments and sounds typically heard in New Age music; this is pure enjoyable New Age piano melodies plain and simple.Anyone who likes the works of Lanz, Ciani or even Story will enjoy this CD.
Just buy it. Now. Great playing. Well recorded. Well arranged. Very exciting! No regrets here. I love it! Many congratulations to the performers and the producers of this very nice big band jazz recording.
This is just really, really, good. I hope this guy hasn't given up like so many really good singers and song writers because of no backing or marketing machine behind them. Excellent musicianship, recording, and singing.
I only recently discovered that the very talented actress, Lisa Zane, had this outstanding musical side, which is tragic enough in itself just to realize how off the radar this material is when taking into consideration the quality and depth of the music. It seems that this album was released in 2005, and I only now become aware of it? That's discouraging. I'm not the most knowledgeable on the background and culture behind this style of music so I'll just speak from my heart; it's rich and deep with emotion and beauty, not overly melancholic, and actually feels upbeat at time, though it's still moody and brooding, with a fluid shift; songs flow across the spectrum without segmentation, and this is credited to her voice and the fine instrumentation, and the natural conjunction of these elements. Are my descriptions helping? If not, sorry, just sample the music here and hear for yourself. Lisa Zane has that broad-ranged singing voice that conjures feelings of a classical aesthetic. You can feel better about yourself for listening to this; it has so much to offer in dimension of mood as opposed to the cheap stuff that the mainstream pitches all over the place. I really hope, if this is your style, that you pick this album up and give it the attention it deserves!
Now with a second album "That's Time Enough", the Leslie MacLean Trio with Leslie on piano, her husband Jerry Pollock on drums and percussion, Bob Bowman on bass performing some upbeat and exciting jazz compostions...some American standards and a few MacLean originals...all arrangements penned by Leslie MacLean with a wonderful nostalgic surprise...composers like Buddy Bernier, Dizzy Gillespie, Thad Jones, Charlie Parker, Nat Simon and the Gershwin Brothers George and Ira, not bad company to be in.The nostalgic surprise is a wonderful medley entitled "TO OZ? TO OZ!", featuring four well known tunes "SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW", "WE'RE OFF TO SEE THE WIZARD", "IF I ONLY HAD A BRAIN", "DING, DONG, THE WITCH IS DEAD", over seventeen minutes in length from "The Wizard of Oz", the 1939 film classic with Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Bert Lahr, Jack Haley, Frank Morgan and Margaret Hamilton as the Wicked Witch...join the MacLean Trio as we travel down the Yellow Brick Road and Over the Rainbow enjoying Leslie's signature style as the group follows her lead.Among the highlights are three original compositions by MacLean "CHICHEN-ITRA", "ROLL IN THE HAY" and the title tune "THAT'S TIME ENOUGH", the latin flavor on the one, then some funky hoe-down country, rock, with a smidgen of jazz is a blast and finally for last is pure jazz just the way we like 'em...plays like fine wine and flows very easily on the ears...don't take my word for it, sit back and listen to an outstanding and accomplished jazz pianist make this her own...now try on a Dizzy Gillespie tune "A NIGHT IN TUNSIA", mixed with the proper ingredients you can feel the groove, leaving jazz lovers wanting more of the same..."POINCIANA", was always a favorite of mine...ever since Henry Mancini recorded this early in his career, now we have another wonderful arrangement and performance that will leave you drifting toward a tropical island...MacLean serves up twelve unforgettable performances, completely gets under your skin and you're loving every minute of it.Hats off to everyone connected with this release...great job by Ross Gentile of "Standards In Jazz" at WSIE-FM Edwardsville/St. Louis for his in depth and behind the scenes liner notes, big fan of his local radio show...the influence he has in opening doors for current and new artists such as Leslie and Jerry is refreshing...in total agreement with Ross, this group is top notch and has a bright future ahead of them...The Leslie MacLean Trio!Total Time: 55:28 on 12 Tracks ~ KippieJosh Jazz 40804 ~ (10/10/2004)
If you have read the review by "Mr. Jim", as I did, you probably listened to each song on this album (and enjoyed it). It was interesting to me that Mr. Jim reviewed every song on the album, with the exception of that one song that I downloaded, "I LOVES YOU, PORGY". Thus I am taking this opportunity to tell you about BESS and her expressions of love, as I intrepret the MacLean Trio arrangement of a Gershwin favorite.After listening to 30 seconds of Leslie's arrangement I decided to search for all the jazz trio recordings of that song and make some 30 second listening comparisons. The Leslie MacLean trio won this comparison test over more than a dozen well known musicians, thus I downloaded the song and listened to all of it, more than once.Bess is singing to and dancing about Porgy, on his cart, tenderly at first, then with great passion she sings and dances for Porgy, moving him with such gusto and rhythm he almost fell off his cart. Well, by the time I had listened to the whole rendition, I had my own foot tapping and a nodding head, reacting to the various tempos I heard. And after the rush comes a lovely sentimental finish."I LOVE'S YOU, LESLIE"
I can't recommend this album highly enough. Marcuss Wyatt had indeed created a unique new language - it flows with infectious grooves, bubbling rhythms and beautiful voices. It is the work of a soul that has been steeped in the heritage of past masters, yet speaks with a voice that is new, exciting, and all his own.You will need to listen to the album to understand.
While browsing the Amazon website, I had the very good fortune of stumbling over this wonderful Latin jazz music from Circo! They play remarkably well; their style grabs my attention and doesn't let it go. For me personally, they also bring back wonderful memories of "La Isla de Encanta (`The Island of Charms')," Puerto Rico, which is where this band was formed. Members include vocalist Jos&eacute; Luis "Fof&eacute;" Abreu; Edgardo "Egui" Santiago (who plays accordion, electric guitar and more); Jos&eacute; David P&eacute;rez and Orlando "Orly" M&eacute;ndez also on guitar. One past member is Nicol&aacute;s "Nico" Cordero who played bass.The band is known for being particularly energetic during their concerts to really give their fans a good time and happily they are getting more and more attention with time!There's not a bad track in the lot here; "Samberg" is exquisite and showcases fine writing skill; "Ariel" is poignant and "Grace" has a certain sophisticated Latin sound I love so much! Other gems include "Rhoda Ribbon;" "Circo TV Theme;" the flawlessly performed "Ana;" "Vauda's Song" and "O Vendedor De Sonhos (`The Salesperson of Dreams')."If you like Latin jazz influenced by rock, Puerto Rican and Brazilian music, I highly recommend this for you. You can choose to either buy the CD or just download the MP3 files that you want. People who hunger for truly creative, beautiful Latin music in general will also want this for their collections.
WOW!!This guy is sooo talented!! Ever single song is excellent! R&B smooth Jazz Latin influence very original! wish he would make more!!
I am not sure why this guy seems to be so unknown... not even wikipedia has an entry for him!  But his music is genius and he deserves some attention!  I am not sure how to describe his music, but if you like Acoustic Alchemy, Craig Chaquico, Paco de Lucia, and Jesse Cook, you will love James Cohen.  Very rich and melodic jazz guitar with flamenco influence.  All his albums quickly become addictive.  But don't listen to me, sample the music and you will be sold!!