I received an Amazon Gift Card for $100.00 for taking a survey. When I went to redeem the $100.00 from Amazon.com, I find that you CAN NOT use the gift card to get Movie ticket gift cards or any other gift cards. I tried to use the gift card to purchase some EBC brake pads on another site the accepts Amazon payments and I find, you can't use an Amazon Gift Card to buy items from another website even if they accept Amazon payments. If I try and get the EBC brake pads from Amazon.com they are 25% higher in price and Amazon does not match pricing. So- I would tell you, don't waste your time getting anything from Amazon and don't buy or give an Amazon Gift Card until they correct this practice. Also, while they are very polite, expect to get a number of GENETIC emails from the Amazon Customer Help Dept. which don't help to fix anything.
My daughter purchased a Amazon gift card for me for 25$ which i tried to plug in several times to the system and it failed to work. I contacted Amazon thru there online chat system gave them all the numbers and was told to take the card back to the place that I had purchased it. Since it was a gift i cannot return the card which has the official Amazon logo on it, and was told they cannot help me.  So in my opinion anyone buying these things are foolish.
I purchased 2-$25 gift cards from my local grocery store for myself and my husband for reading materials while we were on vacation a few weeks back.  We tried to apply them to our respective Amazon.com accounts and both got the same message.... That the code had already been redeemed to another account.  They had never been redeemed to any other account because we scraped off the gray strip.  I am NOT happy about this at all and I want to know what Amazon is going to do to make this right.  That's $50 down the tube...
Once you redeem your gift card that entire amount is attached to your account.  You cannot send it to someone else's account.  My husband and I have separate accounts.  He had $9 gift card on his, I had $86 on mine.  I couldn't combine them!  Even though we had the same last name and billing address on both accounts.  Other companies keep the remaining credit on the actual gift card you have.  Not amazon.  Please family, send me cash next time.  Don't limit me.
I got a gift card for amazon.com as a present.  It didn't work.  I got the receipt from the person that bought it for me.  Then I went to the store.  They had no idea what to do, but eventually I was able to talk to the store's &#34;bookkeeper&#34;.  She confirmed the card was bought at the store and there was money applied to the card.  Now I'm chatting with &#34;Gavin&#34; from customer service and we'll see what happens in 2-3 days when &#34;someone from the gift card department&#34; contacts me through email.  What a scam.  I will never get someone a card from amazon.  If we all stop buying them they will be forced to fix the problem.
Bought an Amazon gift card from Target, receipt says Kindle -number- Activation successful. Went to /kindlegift, followed instructions to scratch card and entered 16 digit number- website says invalid. Fooled around for more than 15 minutes with different combinations of key strokes between the 4 alphanumeric groups without success. Amazon's answer was to report the code number on a form meant for problems with a 17 digit order number which, not surprisingly, the form would not accept. I sent a screen shot of the nonworking form with the none working code number as a return email. Amazon's return email to me repeated using the the nonworking order form. It looks like I am out $25 because I refuse to play telephone tag with them.
Got a $100.00 gift card for X-mas.  Smeared the last two numbers of the confirmation code while removing the scatch and sniff garbage off the back (this is the worst consealment film ever invented).After multiple calls and e-mails to India, I was told that my gift card had already been redeemed and that there was no recourse for the situation.  I was directed to amazons gift card &#34;terms and conditions&#34; that basically says amazon is glad to accept your money for a gift card but cannot guarantee that you'll ever get to use it.Long story short, amazon gift cards are highly susceptible to fraud and their policy does not protect the customer.I am very disappointed in the weak attempt by amazon to resolve this issue for me.  It's especially dis-heartening, as I have been a loyal customer since amazon went on-line.Maybe its time to bring my business back to the brick and mortar stores once again.
I'm extremely unhappy with the Amazon Gift Card. It is so difficult to pay with. You feel that you're rushing to beat the dispatch and you do not get enough options to apply it. In my opinion Amazon does not want you to use this method, so I don't understand why they offer it. Somebody who is not used to computers would be flummoxed.
I received a gift card which was a lovely gesture. To redeem the card on amazon.com was horrible.  I clicked to use the gift card, Amazon charged my credit card on file.(I placed the order early today and saw that the charge was on my credit card and still had the gift card balance)I phoned later the same day.  Their solution was to return the item when I receive it and try again to place the order; then try again to navigate multiple screens to redeem the gift card.  They are incapable of issuing a credit to my credit card and applying the gift card as I initially indicated.  The gift card redemption screen clearly reads that eligible purchases will be automatically deducted.  There is NOTHING automatic about it.  Plus the Chat & phone reps were rude and unhelpful. I should have rated a minus star. Gift cards do NOT automatically get deducted.
I purchased 12 $300 gift cards from Safeway to Amazon. I buy them every time I save $300 so I can be sure to save money for car parts I am needing. I was able to redeem 4 of them. Then last night when I tried to order the biggest bulk of my car parts, upon entering the gift card &#34;claim code&#34;, Amazon website states &#34;invalid&#34;. I am now waiting to hear back from the &#34;Gift Card Department&#34;. I went back to Safeway as Amazon had requested and Safeway said &#34;Since the claim code has been scratched off, there is nothing we can do to help&#34;. I also have the receipt to prove they were all purchased legally. Guess we should now wait for Amazon Gift Card Department to get back to me. If they are unable to do anything, I will be forced to take Amazon to court over this. They were all paid for with cash and I have the receipts to prove it. Why would only 4 of the 12 I have purchased be good? Really weird.
Amazon's terms clearly state that once you have entered your gift card code on your account, the balance will automatically be applied on your next purchase.  This was not true in my experience.  I guess a glitch, which is fine, but I didn't catch it until it was too late.  Don't make the same mistake.  Please be aware at checkout that your gift card may not be applied to your purchase.  If you do not see the gift card balance subtracted from your order total, do not place your order.  Call customer service.  I foolishly assumed that even though I did not see the gift card balance being subtracted from my order, that it indeed would be, so placed the order anyway.  Now Amazon says it is too late for them to correct this and I will have to use the gift card on my next purchase.  Which is frustrating, considering the main reason I purchased Christmas gifts from Amazon was because I wanted to use my gift card and save money.  It's kind of annoying that they assume I want to make another purchase.  When talking with customer service about this, they kept trying to tell me how to correctly redeem the gift card in the future- even sent 'helpful' step by step emails; which I did look at only to see that it was exactly what I had already done.  Even though I already explained that the gift card had been applied to my account at least a month before, and as stated by Amazon should have automatically been applied to my purchase.  I went by the help link directions when placing the order.  I did not use one-click purchasing as they specified this one not allow you to enter your gift code (though it wouldn't have mattered since I had entered it at least a month before).  So to have customer service not listen to me and continue to act as if the fault was on my end; frustrated matters even further.  If you are in customer service, I understand you have to help make sure the customer understands the proper procedure; but then at least say you are going to report a possible glitch-- throw your customer a bone!  I was even told that the gift card code had been entered after my order was placed, which was completely false-- the account even shows that it was entered on October 11th-- ridiculous.  So all in all, just be careful and watchful before you purchase.
I'll be darned if I'm going to use MY gift card that I PERSONALLY purchased on my employer's purchases...but I am not given a choice, at least when it's a download that bypasses the shipping address.  I will NEVER, EVER buy one again!!!
I have purchased two of these cards and am not sure I will ever buy another. The first was to be sent on a specific day, but it did not show up until @ midnight that day. The second one took three calls to customer service before it was actually emailed (more than a day after I originally try to send it).Both my husband and daughter wanted to use the card with the Amazon MP3 site. My husband had a difficult time getting the site to pull from the gift card rather than his credit card and after much fighting was able to resolve the issue.The other card was for my 17 year old daughter. She got the card, created an account and neither of us could get it to work with the MP3 site. After contacting customer service, the "fix" was for me to put my credit card on her account even though she had a gift card. Why should I have to back up a gift card with a credit card?????Although the cards have initially brought much misery and stress, for the most part the customer service reps at Amazon have been a big help in resolving my issues (canceling the card for my daughter and buying a new one and later transferring the card to my Amazon account and having my daughter us it to purchase music - at least I can control her use by logging in and getting email verifications of the purchases.) I have to say trying to give someone a gift card should not be so much work!
I bought my mom an online gift card (emailed) from Amazon and it turned into the worst, most stressful present I ever bought her.  The gift card took over a year to use including extra money Amazon gave her for her inconvenience. Amazon dose not mention that the gift card can not be used on every item.  Also, after checkout the gift card may only apply 20% to each item, leaving you with money left over and your credit card charged when you thought you finished the gift card. Believe me it's happened multiple times. Save your self the stress and time of multiple phone calls to Amazon and choose any other company for a gift card.
I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased a gift card -- but the reviews and any stars don't appear on the gift certificate page that I can see. I purchased this for a recipient who has no credit card, not knowing that a credit card number is required to redeem the certificate. After being unable to redeem the card, he spent some time on the phone with customer service, as did I. There is, apparently, no way to use the card without a number, which seems to negate the whole point of a gift card. At one point, the customer service rep blithely replied that the recipient could use his debit card.  Apparently the whole concept of being cardless was beyond her comprehension. I've learned, in talking with people about this card's drawbacks, that my sister also had problems redeeming an Amazon gift card a few years ago and neither she nor the person who gave her the card got the money back.
You will loose you mind trying to redeem this piece of junk.Combinations after combinations of numbers and no result! Thanks for nothing Amazon, now since you got my money take it and buy yourself an Amazon gift card!
I received an Amazon gift card code with a LivingSocial purchase.  It was only $10 which is very lucky b/c when I went to redeem the code it told me that it had already been redeemed by another Amazon account.  I got nowhere with Amazon after live chatting and emailing with foreign customer service reps repeatedly, none of whom could seem to get beyond the language barrier to understand that I could not contact the "person" that gifted me with the card since it was part of a LivingSocial purchase.  Even if I had been able to contact an individual about it, what are they supposed to do?  It's clearly a glaring problem with the Amazon gift code redemption process that people are able to redeem gift codes for account credit that do not actually belong to them, essentially stealing from other Amazon customers.  I even followed up asking if they were at least looking into the situation and taking action to reprimand the Amazon account owner who ended up redeeming my code.  Amazon basically brushed me off telling me again to contact the "person" who gave me the gift card.  It's incredibly frustrating that I got nowhere with Amazon on the problem.  I did attempt to contact LivingSocial to at least tell them to think twice before including and Amazon gift card as a part of their deals anymore.  They were nice enough to credit my LivingSocial account the $10.  I would never buy an Amazon gift card.  It's far too much of a risk.
This was on my son's wish list for his birthday. He gets his music from Amazon. The gift card was purchased and sent. I was told it would arrive on Halloween or the day after by the gift giver. It never arrived. When the purchaser called to find out what happened, they told her it was delivered to our doorstep on 10/31. Yes, on Halloween, someone thought it was a good idea to leave a gift card on my front door step, probably right next to the bowl of candy we had out for the trick or treaters. We were trick or treating with our own kids. Who does this? Why would a gift card be delivered to a doorstep? What is Amazon thinking using the company OnTrac? Terrible! A week later, I come home to find a "door tag" laying on my front mat from OnTrac. The only info on it is the date and time (I was home at the time they said they placed this on my door also) and "Come by to see the package." Are you kidding me? Come by where? There is no other identifying info on the door tag. I tried OnTrac's website, nothing. I called the 800 number. After finally getting a human being (you can't just hit 0 for an operator), the first question she asks me is "Did you call about a package you're missing?" Ummm, why would you even think that in the first place? I have yet to give you any identifying information and that's the first thing you think I'm calling about? When I said I was calling about this cryptic door tag, she tells me the door tag must have been placed on the wrong door. When I further explained the situation, she says Oh, that just means that the driver came back by and looked for the missing package and couldn't find it. The whole thing is just shady. I hope to never have to deal with this company again. Amazon is crazy for using them! Thankfully, the gift giver was refunded her money and the missing gift card was canceled. But now my son won't have the gift in time for his birthday. Poorly done, Amazon!
You don't give me the option to come back to purchase the item at a later date. I could not transfer my wish list to my cart no matter what I clicked on. It was very irritating!
I purchased a $200 gift card to give as a Christmas gift.  I decided not to give the card and then attempted to use the card myself.  I was told that the number was no good. After attempts to get this resolved I was told that the card had been used by an unauthorized party.  The card had never left my possession, so I know noone other than myself ever saw it.  I don't know if they issued the same number to more than one person, or if I was just scammed.  Either way, I am out $200 and was told that I would need to contact my credit card company to file a claim.  Well, it's been 10 months since I purchased the card so it appears that I am just out $200.  I wish I would have read the reviews prior to purchasing this.  It seems I'm not the only person that this has happened to!!!!
So I have been going round and round with customer service on this issue since Christmas! I have been an Amazon Prime member for many years using this shopping service for a good deal of purchases. I find it convenient, a great value, safe and the customer service outstanding. This said, I am terribly disappointed in the gift card issues I have had. After receiving gift cards for Christmas I had noticed the balance being deducted for any and all other purchases including subscriptions to dog food! I have spent literally hours on Chat with customer service rep trying to remedy. The only fix was for her to temporarily lock the card to I could place an order containing another subscription. There is supposed to be an option to uncheck use gift card for payment during check out but this usually does not appear. It has for a few items but in most cases, it doesn't. So, Amazon needs to fix this issue before I give or accept any gift cards from their site. Very disappointing!!!!!!!! I have attached a copy of most recent chat:u are now connected to Karen from Amazon.com.Me:I cannot deselect gift card as a payment option when trying to place an order. For some items the option is available to deselect but for other items it is not. Why is it I cannot seem to resolve this ongoing frustrating issue?? I spent an hour last night with another agent thinking this was finally resolved! When I try again to place an order this morning it seems the issue is still not resolved! I do not know what to do.Karen:Hello, my name is Karen. I'll be happy to help you.I'm sorry for the inconvenience, Susan. You said you can't un-check the box for git card, right?Me:Yes, there is no option for this in the change payment options window. Sometimes it is there but more often than not it doesn't come up. We have several items we subscribe to and they are being deducted from a gift card given as a gift for Christmas, hense the name GIFT CARD!!!!Karen: Susan, this happens when you have a 1 click setting turned on. If you have this setting, you have a default for the payment and you're unable to make changes of it unless you turned off your 1 click setting if you don't wish to use your gift card balance.Me:Sorry, not true. I do not have one click setting enabled.Karen:It's currently turned on. Are you placing an order?Me:Yes, and I just checked my account and it is NOT turned on. "1-Click ordering is turned OFF for Susan Hilyard." I just pasted this direct from my 1-click settings page.Karen:Are you trying to place an order this time?Me:Yes. I am trying to order a 25 lb subscription of organic Barley.Karen:Can you go back to home page, Susan and try to complete the order again.Me:I will try this. Still not allowing me to deselect gift card.Karen:One moment please. Susan, is the item on your shopping cart right now?Me:yesKaren:I'm not seeing the item on your cart, Susan. Can you please post the link of the item?Me:Great River Organic Milling, Organic Whole Grains Hulled Barley, 25-Pound PackageKaren:What frequency have you selected?Once a month?Me:6 months I haven't subscribed yet since payment options are not correct.Karen:Can you please choose that frequency please.Me:once a month or 6 months? 6 months is already chosenKaren:Can you please try it again. This order should be charged on your major card. Try to refresh first the ordering screen.Me:Still not working Karen.Karen:I've locked the gift card balance for the meantime. the order should go through this time.After the order was processed, I'll unlock it again.Me:okay I am placing the order. doneKaren:Yes, I'm seeing the order. I'll unlock the gift card balance now.Me:What happens the next time? This keeps occuring. Having continued issues with gift cards since Christmas! How is the problem going to be resolved since what you did was just a temporary fix? The subscriptions I have in place are deducted automatically from the gift card balance and other orders will likely have the same ongoing problem!!!Karen:You are right, it's just a temporary fix. Hopefully you won't encounter same difficulty but if it does, please contact us again Susan so we can lock the gift card balance temporarily.Me:I probably don't have to say it but I will, are you kidding me?? I use Amazon for most of my consumer needs. This is a software problem they need to fix!! I do not have hours to waste on payment issues just because I have a gift card!Karen:I'll have this feedback forwarded to the correct department, Susan. Once there's gift card balance, that will be applied first on the order before it'll be charged on a credit card. always s always theMe:Please do and in the future I will not be accepting nor purchasing ANY Amazon related gift cards. It isn't worth the aggravation. Thank you for your assistance Karen and have a pleasant afternoon. :)Karen:Rest assured it's forwarded. Thank you for contacting Amazon. We hope to see you again soon!Me:If a gift card balance is automatically applied to an order not allowing the customer the option what good is calling it a gift card. There are items I purchase for business, household and gifts. If I want to use a gift card given to me as a gift for something personal, where is the fun in that or the purpose of calling it a GIFT??Karen:Thanks for taking time to offer us your thoughts. Thanks for taking time to offer us your thoughts.We hope to see you again soon.
After ordering a gift certificate on 12/27/06 for a birthday gift on 12/29/06, I was extremely disappointed to learn that the recipient did not get it.  Amazon called me on the 30th and said they were back-logged and would resend it.  By 1/1/07, still no gift certificate!  I'm still working with Amazon to resolve the missing item, but at this stage, I rate this service a zero.  Since my daughter has successfully shopped on Amazon for about 7 years, I felt confident this would be a great gift, but it has proven to be a nightmare.  I recommend sending a check instead.
I ordered several Paper Gift Certificates for Christmas gifts and they were sent on 12/18/05.  It is now Christmas Eve and I have not received them in time to give as gifts!  I emailed Amazon.com for ideas as to whether or not I could have them emailed to me so I could still give them and received no response.  Needless to say, I AM NOT HAPPY, nor will my family be happy when they receive a printed receipt with an order number so they can follow up on them after the holiday.Bah Humbug
I've been a loyal Amazon customer for eight years, and wanted my husband to get me an Amazon a gift certificate for Christmas this year.  After reading these reviews, NO WAY do I want the hassle of trying to redeem one!  I've read better reviews of bad e-bayers!  Geez, Amazon -- get it together on the gift cards already!
I currently went on site to use a gift card that was given to me.  They of course will not process your order without a credit card or checking account number.  Instead of the amount coming from the gift card, all items were charged to my card.  So not only did they receive money from the person who bought the gift card, but from my accounts as well and I am holding on to a gift card that was paid for and not used (expiration date is still a ways off).  I feel like I was taken advantage of and will not be using amazon.com again.
Same has happened to me. A generous Christmas gift has disappeared without a trace. Why is having it resent or at least recovered such an arduous task? C'mon Amazon, get it together here.
Terrible gift idea, don't buy these.  I ordered a gift certificate two days before Christmas upon Amazon's recommendation for "last-minute" gift ideas.  I still have nothing to show for it, other an order confirmation.  No e-mail was sent to the recipient, no certificate was sent to print out.  I've asked them to resend it three times, but no luck.I would avoid Amazon gift certificates - give cash instead.
I,too read the reviews and was hesitant. But I was looking for something "different" to send my Dad for Father's Day so I ordered one. On the advice of these reviews I sent it to myself so that I could print it out myself and be sure that it arrived on time. Well, I never got it. I resent it twice myself and Amazon resent it once and still, nothing. When I demanded my $ back they said sorry, it's already been sent! When I finally got a phone number to call and again asked for my money back they complied. Though I am a frequent Amazon customer I will NEVER purchase a gift certifiate again!!
I used Coinstar to turn change into Christmas gifts only to be told, after the fact, I cannot use these monies towards Gift Certificates.  Then I spent 30 minutes on the telephone to India only to be told repeatedly that Amazon "policy" doesn't allow for the purchase of a Gift Certificate with Coin Star redemptions.When did Amazon, the original e-retailer become the worst e-retailer?My advice: take your dollars elsewhere.
Amazon needs to get their act together on ecards. I sent an ecard girft certificate for my mothers B-day. It did not show up. I had to resend it three times before she got it. Then she was confused on how to retrieve it. On top of that I paid $40 so she could recieve advertising in the email/gift card. This confused her even more. She asked "why am I getting a card from Dan to Sally for $25."When I pay $40 to Amazon for I gift card I don't want the other party to be solited. I expect it to get there on time.I would never do this again. This is the first review I have ever writen on Amazon--sad it had to be about Amazon.
Before purchasing a gift certificate, I read both good and bad reviews and came to the conclusion that most of the bad reviews involved extenuating circumstances and I would be fine.  This was not the case.  My transaction was simple and straight forward, and my gift certificate never came.  I had to give cash (about 2 weeks late, as I was still hoping it would come) instead.  This is obviously a frequent problem, as there is more than one option pertaining to this very issue on the help link.  I'll say that much for Amazon: they are addressing the problem, but that doesn't make buying a gift certificate from them any better of an idea.  I am still waiting to see if I will get a refund, an extremely late gift certificate which I will have to use myself, or nothing....fingers crossed.
I ordered an e-gift card for a co-worker {Pollyanna}, and though my credit card was charged immediately he never received the card. I called Amazon and I am pretty sure I was re-routed to India as the guy on the phone could barely understand me and all he kept saying is he has gone ahead and sent the card to my friend {if they did it the first time why would he have it sent and not resent {after cancelling the first one?Very disappointing service I gave my co-worker cash and contacted my credit card company to void the purchase... if you dare good luck.
I gave a gift certificate as a gift this year at a work party.  When the recipient tried to use the code Amazon said it was invalid.  2 weeks and 7 emails later nothing has been resolved.  They keep telling me to do things like resend the gift certificate but I cannot because the status says, "Not sent yet".  Obviously support does not even look at the orders when they send an email.  They just respond on what they think is wrong.  I have even had to send a couple of message multiple times because they just would not get answered.  You cannot reply to the emails they send you have to go back to their site and hunt for the contact us link.  They never give you a case # and support will ofter repeat the information over and over.
I warily ordered an email gift certificate against my better judgement after reading the reviews on this. Like other customers, the recipient does not receive the ecard gift certificate but you surely are charged for it. The reason they give is thisis an "undeliverable address" althugh it's the same email account the recipient has had for years.I've had nothing but grief over this. They won't refund the money and there's no one you can talk to. I've lost all respect and will not be using Amazon again.Spare yourself the grief!
This gift certificate is an outrage and a total failure!This gift certificate was purchased by me for a 12 year old. When filling out the order he could not proceed with out giving a credit card number or a bank account number, none of which this 12 year old had. Since he was unable to use it, it defeated the purpose of the whole thing which was to give a gift certificate to someone!!I also spoke with a customer service rep but he couldnt tell me if it would be credited or not so I'm going to call my credit card company and stop payment on this.Heres the Amazon number:1-800-201-7575. Dont pick any options, just hang on the line and you will be connected to a rep but I dont know if they will be able to refund it so I'd put a stop payment with your credit card, that always works.
You think that I'd listen to about 100 negative reviews and not buy an Amazon Gift Certificate, but I did anyway and I totally regret it!You would think that such a great website would have it together when it comes to giving a gift certificate to their own site.  I ordered a gift certificate for a friend in June.  I finally had to ask if they received it and they had not.  I had to call Amazon 6 months in December later and ask what happened.  I tried to use the self service  site where it asked me for my credit card info.  It kept telling me that the info I entered was invalid, however it worked enough for Amazon to take my money, but not enough for me to verify my own info.  I finally used their call back service and spoke to an operator.  She said that she will resend it and it could take up to 24-48 hours.  I sent it to myself to make sure I got it.  I waited four days and nothing was in my email inbox.  I called again at the end of the week.  Spoke to another operator and asked to have it sent to myself again so that I could make sure that I forwarded it on to my friend, since they couldn't do it the first time.  I was on hold for about 10 minutes until she finally came back and gave me the claim code.  She said that I should receive the email with my personalized message that I sent 6 months ago later that day, so I'm still waiting for it.This is ridiculous.  I tried to do something nice for a friend and I end up looking bad because my gift never got there.  Right now I just have a claim code number to forward in an email!  It was like pulling teeth trying to get a gift certificate emailed to my friend.  I will continue to shop on Amazon, but I will never buy a gift certificate from them again!
I agree with the review of S. Gardinier (seg27).  If you put down more than one person to e-mail to, then the quantity keeps increasing.  It's frustrating when there is no edit button to change the quantity before clicking on the "place your order" button.  What should have taken me 5 minutes gave me nothing but a headache.
I have ordered Amazon certificates in the past with no problems. However the last 2 certificates that Amazon sent were never received by the people I bought them for. I even resent them but with no luck. I have been trying to get help from Amazon for almost a week and they are not responding at all to my request. So if you buy these certificates make sure you check with the people you bought them for to see if they actually arrived...
I was the recipient of an amazon gift certificate that was purchased 3 weeks ago and it has been TORTURE trying to redeem it.  I never received the email from amazon with the claim code and even though I repeatedly sent them the reference number of the certificate, the name, email address, purchase date etc.of the giver and the recipient they said they couldn't find it without the....CLAIM CODE!!! If I'd had the damn claim code, I would have been able to redeem the certificate in the first place. Duh! I finally had to ask the giver of the certificate to contact amazon, which was quite embarrassing since the giver is just an acquaintance. It was finally resolved this evening. As the recipient, I found the whole process incredibly frustrating and I would NEVER give a certificate to anyone and put them through this process. I've ordered many things from Amazon without a problem but I would never, nor would I recommend that anyone purchase a gift certificate from amazon. It's a great idea but has too many glitches. For something that is supposed to be convenient and make our lives easier, I found myself wasting too many hours trying to resolve their problems. If I could rate it 0 stars I would.
After reading all these concerns and practically went through the purchase cycle until the very last step. I cancelled and went and bought B&N gift cards instead. The UI for this is totally different than their normal purchase UI. No anticipated shipped date, no mail option selection. I was extremely concerned about the certs not arriving in time. (The site stated 3-7 working days). As such, I took the sure thing and not wait for the potential 2 weeks, I went down to the nearest B&N stores and bought 3 $100 giftcards...Too bad, Amazon does not have stores!
I wish I was able to rate this service with "0" stars. My husband purchased a gift certificate for me on 12/10/05 to be delivered on 12/25/05. Have not received it. I purchased 2 seperated gift certificats for my brother on 12/24/05, he's only received one of them. Have written to customer service, no response.  Unable to cancel the gift certificates. Mr. Bezos, pay attention! This is no way to run a company! Is anyone in your Customer Service Dept paying attention??  At least have the courtsey to respond to a complaint. N.Pacheco
I ordered email gift certificates for employees in my workplace, but one of the messages didn't arrive.  I tried resending it, but it still didn't arrive.  The giftee checked, as Amazon instructs, to see if the email was somehow being filtered. No sign of that.  I found it difficult to get help through the Amazon website, and a reply was very slow coming. Eventually, I was told that there had been a "technical difficulty" at Amazon's end, so they were crediting the gift amount back to my credit card. Meanwhile, the holidays are nearly over, and no gifting has taken place- just embarrassment and frustration.  MY ADVICE: DON'T EMAIL GIFT CERTIFICATES -- IT'S NOT A RELIABLE SERVICE, AND IT'S DIFFICULT TO FIX THE PROBLEM.  Also, a gift certificate can sit for months and months without one being aware that it hasn't been picked up-- I just discovered that one I sent LAST Christmas is still there; it will expire this year.
I just wanted to say, that I was going to order an Amazon gift certificate but changed my mind after reading the bad reviews.  It's too frustrating to think this company may take my money and give me nothing in return.  Thanks for the advice!
I can't really believe I am writing a poor review for Amazon as I've been a huge fan for so long. But this experience will likely stop me from ordering from them again.  I ordered 3 e-mail gift certificates and they were never sent.  Thinking they were blocked by spam blockers I sent them to myself.  I checked my spam blocker and they were not there.  The worst is when I asked for a refund they would not provide.  So if I've asked for them to be resent and they won't send and they won't refund, I'll have to address with my  credit card company.
Due to living overseas with the military, Amazon has been the staple to all my shopping in the past few years. This year I decided to send a gift certificate instead of a gift to a family member. I read the reviews,scanned through the fine print, and clicked "Place My Order". That day my credit card was charged and a confirmation was sent. A month later I find out that the recipient still hasent recieved the electronic certificate. It looks like the problem with the electronic gift certificates is due to the the fact that there is no yellow button that says "Send Today" or "Send on Date Specified."To be sure that your gift is sent you have to wait and later check your "Track Recent Orders." You will need to open the invoice and verify your date sent or in my case resend it again.There is no need to say how dissapointing and frustrating it is explaining to someone that you really did not miss thier birthday. Amazon needs to rework the way this system operates. Thier package shopping is great; thier certificates fail with miserable dissapointment.
It's funny that Amazon suggests their electronic gift certificates for "last minute" ideas. When in fact, simply emailing a gift certificate with them is a trying experience.I initially placed my order for a gift certificate 3 days ago. It was to be delivered on Sept. 5th. When I found that it was not sent, I emailed customer support asking why. I found that my credit card had been declined. Of course, this is an acceptable answer. What wasn't acceptable, however, is that I had to email them to get this information. I wonder if I ever would have found this out, otherwise.After fixing the credit card issue, (early in the morning on Sept. 5th.), I placed another order for a gift certificate. It's now been six hours since I've placed this order and it has YET to be sent to the person I'm giving it to. I have emailed customer service 4 times in the past 4 hours and have yet to recieve a reply.Next time, I'll simply go with my original idea: Visa gift card.Hope you get this fixed soon, Amazon. I'm a fairly good gift giver. And you are only making me look bad.
I've had the most difficult experience to receive my gift certificate through the mail.  After reading the reviews I opted not to have it sent by email, bad mistake, by mail is just as bad.  I purchased it 2 months ago and it still has not arrived even after 3 requests, but them billing me, that was done right away.  Also, changing the shipping address was a difficult process as well!  I will never buy a gift certificate from this company ever again ...it's been to much of a hassle!!!!!
I have generally been very pleased with the service I have recieved from amazon.com.  I was happy to see they offered gift certificates that could be e-mailed instead of waiting to receive them by post.  However, after ordering 2 today and expecting a simple process, I've been VERY frustrated.  After waiting several hours and never receiving an e-mail, I re-sent one to the same (original) address and have still not received it.  I re-sent the other to another e-mail address and did receive it, but have had trouble with printing.  With a web-based e-mail program I was at least able to print, but it did not print exactly as it appears in HTML.  With my standard e-mail program I was not even able to print ("Error while printing") although I can print any other e-mail I have without a problem.The customer service guy was friendly and offered to send 2 replacement codes - one for $20 (apparently the max.) and one for $5, but it seemed a little tacky to present to someone as a gift certificate.I'm surprised, but I don't plan to order another amazon.com gift certificate.
Some inconveniences that I've come across:-It takes 24 hours for them to email you the gift certificate!-If you order the paper Gift Certificate it cannot be cancelled even if you make a mistake or change your mind (unlike the emailed ones)!-You got to read the fine print on Amazon Gift certificates.  There are a lot of uncommon gift certificate rules.  Not the same as buying a gift certificate at a regular store.My story-We wanted to give a GC to a friend.  We wanted to print it out and put the GC in a card.  So we choose to buy the GC in paper form.  Well that means they are mailing it to you.  It's not something you can immediately print out.  There was a link that said click here to cancel the GC.  So we clicked it and emailed Amazon right away to request the GC to be cancelled.  We then ordered a GC to be emailed to us.  We wanted to give the card and GC to the friend that evening.  Well, it took 1 day for them to email it to us.  Also, we got an email from Amazon in response to cancelling the first GC.  They said that they had already mailed the paper GC so they wouldn't cancel it.I don't understand how it takes them 24 hours to email a GC, but it takes less than 2 minutes to print and mail the paper GC.  The gift certificate is just some code that you type in when you make a purchase.  How hard is it to void the code and refund the money?  Apparently it is impossible.Also, if you call customer service be ready to decyper a thick Indian accent because the help center is in India.
My husband has a gift certificate applied to his Amazon.com account. I have an Amazon.com account but do not have a gift certificate applied to it.We just noticed that for a camcorder with the "Price too good to show before adding the item to your cart" price option Amazon.com offered approximately $70 higher price to my husband's account which has the gift certificate applied to it.In our case the real value of the $100 gift certificate was a mere $30.
Exercise caution when ordering an email gift certificate, especially if you need it same day.  Even minimal spam filtering on the recipient's end will block the email gift certificate, and you will have no way of knowing your gift didn't make it until it is perhaps too late.  The resolution is to call and get the claim code and then call your gift recipient and tell it too them.  Not a great system.
I thought that they might have fixed the problems with these by now, but apparently not.  I bought an email gift certificate over the weekend and, while the confirmation email was sent, the one with the claim code was not... not even after 3 resends.  I did finally get a working claim code from customer service, but one would think that if that part worked that email delivery would be simple.
Last evening, about 7:30 p.m., I ordered an Amazon gift certificate for my husband as an anniversary present.  I did this without reading the many negative comments about this product, and sure wish I had done so before ordering.  I would have jumped in my car and gone to the local Barnes and Noble to buy one.I received an almost instantaneous acknowledgement of the order, which, of course, noted that my credit card had been charged.  Since Amazon says gift certificates are delivered immediately, I expected my husband's to arrive as quickly as the confirmation.  But nothing, as of 10 pm.I checked email about 9 this morning and nothing had been sent.  So I contacted Amazon customer service.  Finally, at about 4 p.m. today (nearly 24 hours later) the gift certificate arrived, though I can't be sure this was as a result of my message to customer service.What a confusing thing this gift certificate is!As the donor, I received the acknowledgement of the order mentioned earlier and a copy of the gift certificate.  It contained a lengthy reference number to use if I experience problems using the gift certificate (see below for more numbers relating to this cerfiticate).  I'm not the one who will be using it, so I am not sure why this information was conveyed to me.My husband, the recipient, received 2 e-mail messsages.  One told him that he had received an Amazon gift certificate, gave him a link to use to view it, and told him he would shortly receive another email message contianing a "Gift certificate claim code".  That message arrived about 25 minutes later and it contains way too many numbers and ways of redeeming the gift certificate.  There is a claim code, an order number, an "expires" date of 07-jul-2008 and a "spend by" date of 07-jan-2008.  (Shouldn't those 2 dates be the same?)He is told that he can shop at Amazon, place items in a cart, and order them using the gift certificate.  Or, if he wants to redeem his gift certificate, but is "just not ready to make a purchase", he can click on a link and "deposit" said gift certificate "for future use".  (Does Amazon pay interest, like a bank?!?!?)  If he's not ready to shop, why would he want to redeem his gift certigicate now?  What's wrong with him keeping it until he is ready?  Or will it disappear into the ether if he doesn't "deposit" it?  From other reviews I read, it sounds as if this is something that could easily happen.  He thinks he'll spend it all at one time, another wise move, given some of the comments.I have a masters degree in library science and spend much of my working life finding and analyzing information.  The various messages about this gift certificate are confusing even to me.I've ordered Amazon gift certificates in the past, with no problems at all.  They came quickly, they were easy to use.  But it had been at least 6 months since I have done so.  What happened, Amazon?  Is this some new and supposedly improved system?  If it is, go back to the old one.  It worked.Then there are the 16 "terms and conditions", some with links to offer up yet more babble, plus a footnote to wade through.  I'll need to add a law degree to be able to comprehend that section!
I had the same problems as everyone else-- notification missed his birthday, then claim codeS (three came) wouldn't work.  Amazon Help told me it was in my junk mail, NOPE, just like other people have said.  Shame on you, Amazon, for eliciting so many negative reviews!  This was the most embarrassing gift I ever gave someone.
For supposedly being the "premier" online shopping experience, my recent experiences in trying to order gift certificates has been unreal.  First, you cannot order more than one if 1.  You want them in different amounts, or 2. You want to designate different recipients.  Watch out if you want to do both.....the only way to do it is to place an order, and go through the hassle of the check out individually.  I attempted to contact customer service 5 DIFFERENT times, and each time they told me to "refer to the help page."  An absolute nightmare, I am taking my business elsewhere.
I received an email informing me that I had been given a gift certificate from Amazon and would receive another email informing me how to redeem it.  I didn't get the second email and although I have been looking for a customer service address I can't seem to find one.  This is not a customer friendly product and the person that gave it to me will be very disappointed when I tell them what is occuring.
Be aware that Amazon's certificates expire.  If you don't mind the thought that your gift may be wasted, buy one of these.  You are better off buying ones from somewhere else that do not expire, giving cash, or actually buying a gift.  Otherwise, the only gift you may be giving will be to Amazon!
I sent a gift certificate to my daughter for her birthday.  She received the e-card promptly, but the gift certificate itself never arrived.  She emailed Amazon customer service and the error was corrected.  But it's unacceptable that a gift recipient should have to take action to get their own gift, a gift that the donor has already paid for.On top of that, I've now spent half an hour trying to contact sombody at Amazon or even to leave feedback.  No luck.  I'm astonished that the world's leading e-retailer has no mechanism in place to communicate with customers.Unless your gift recipient is web savvy and willing to do battle to secure your gift, I'd recommend against an Amazon gift certificate.
TERRIBLE. I would not recommend buying an Amazon gift card. I would actually go to a store and buy one there. I bought an E-mail gift card for myself because I feel that my credit card is more protected by buying stuff on Amazon on a gift card. So I was originally going to be an 80 dollars gift card because that was the total pricing of my cart but I decided to pay 15 dollars first IN CASE I didnt recieve my gift card because I knew the reviews werent very high for this and it said it was sent and still I have NOT recieved my e-mail gift certifate!
Just like most other people I have not received my gift certificate for my Christmas present from my wife. Seems like they could get something figured out by now. And yes I have checked my junk folders and my spam folders. Called customer service and was told they would resend me one in a couple of hours. We will wait and see.
On December 22nd, I ordered a gift certificate that I wanted sent to me so I could present it to the person for whom I ordered it.  I got an email confirmation and an order number.  To date, January 7th, I still don't have the certificate...nor do I have any idea what happened to it.  I've been going around in circles on the Amazon web site, and can't find an email address or phone number to call to find out WHAT HAPPENED to my order, since there's no place that I can find on the site to plug in the order number and track it that way.  If you're thinking about getting a gift certificate...think twice...and then give the person something else.
I AGREE WITH ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS HERE. THIS HAS BEEN IMPOSSIBLE. I'VE SPENT HOURS ON THE PHONE WITH AMAZON AND STILL DO NOT HAVE IT WORKED OUT. it is january 07 now. i ordered 2 gift certificates of $200 each for my 2 sons....in september.....same thing as many of the other reviewers have said....the electronic gift certificates were never received. they've promised to send them to ME so i can send them on to my sons....in november it was never done. yesterday after still another hour on the phone with them...one of them was sent to me so i can send it on. i still have to work on the other one. my gosh. this is a gift that never keeps on giving. i'm disgusted. i'm a constant amazon customer but i will NEVER give an amazon gift certificate again.
Having often paid as much or more than the cost of the gifts to mail Christmas gifts to my son and his family in Denmark, I was delighted to see that I could send Amazon Gift Certificates overseas.  I sent him a couple of certificates feeling that at long last I could give gifts like other mothers.He received the certificates and proceeded to spend considerable time making a list of things they could use.  Everything was fine until he went to submit the order. At that point he discovered not much of what he wanted was available to residents of European countries.  He told me that if I had read your "fine print" I would have known this.  My question is why would one have to read the fine print?  I would think there would be a warning in LARGE PRINT where ordering gift certificates going overseas is described,  saying that you might as well go to the nearest beach, float the money in the ocean, and hope the tides take it to Europe.
An E-mail card arrived stating that I had a $50 gift certificate, but the actual certificate never arrived.  I have E-mailed Amazon at lease 4 times asking for the gift cert number they require to use the gift certificate and they do not respond. I cannot use the gift and they do not do anything to remedy the situation.  Do not buy Amazon gift cards, you will lose your money.
I received a gift certificate for my birthday, after exhausting my efforts to redeem it, I decided to wait and try later.  In the meantime I cleaned out my inbox and lost the info forever....it is like my friend made a donation to a multimillion dollar company, send cash, don't waste your money on amazon gift certificates that cannot be redeemed....no way of getting it back now.
After repeated attempts for the gift card to actually ship, it would not ship but Amazon was nice enough to still charge me for it.  I have to stop payment through my credit card because I can't reach Amazon, no phone number, haven't received a reply by email.  Save your money, and don't do it.
Have tried for two days to send a gift certificate and have gotten an "error, we are working on the problem" message. Will look elsewhere in the future.
I ordered a paper gift certificate for my son for Christmas on November 30. As of today, December 27, it's status is still "open order" and has not been sent.  I have emailed Amazon to cancel order and have yet to hear from them.  I had not been notified that there was any problem in all the weeks of waiting for the item.
I redeemed the "Gift Certificate" about 2 months ago.  During that time my Gift Certificate balance showed correctly.  I have not used it for any purchases since that time, but now when I check my Gift Certificate balance it shows my current balance as $0.00.  I have written a note to customer service, but haven't even received acknowledgment of my inquiry.  Looking through the reviews, it seems that this Gift Certificate system is shaky at best.  I would give something else if you don't want to cause any trouble for the person you're giving a gift to.  I used to be a big fan of  Amazon, but this is very disappointing.  I'm looking to do more business at Barnes and Noble.UPDATE - 12/14/2006Customer service has helped me to find my money again.  The problem stemmed from, what I consider is, a problem with Amazon's implementation of it's members' accounts.  I suppose my complaint should be more with Amazon than with the actual gift certificate, but since the use of the gift certificate is dependent on your account on Amazon, I still give it a relatively low rating.  To reiterate, I was a big fan of Amazon, but this experience has exposed a few flaws that I wouldn't expect from one of the "Kings" of e-commerce.  I would increase my original star rating to 3, but (I know this may seem overly critical) I can't edit the star ratings along with editing this review.
If you are going to buy a gift certificate - have it emailed.  DO NOT order a paper version.  We ordered one to be given as a gift and it never arrived.  It was supposedly "re-sent" and STILL never arrived.  Then they decline to issue a refund, saying they will be happy to email it to the intended recipient.  But, that isn't what we ordered.  We ordered a paper gift certificate, never received it and now they want to keep our money anyway.  ...Doesn't even deserve one star in our opinion...
I have purchased $10,000 worth of certificates for company employees, and I have done a few individual.A pain!  I have had so many certificates not make it through filters--it becomes more of a headache than it should be.Would be great if you could actually just print out a gift certificate without having to go through email.How about it Amazon, can we just print out a gift certificate?
.....all I wanted were gift certificates for my nieces and nephews(7 @ $25 = 175).I was warned that your gift certs are very confusing.I could never find a sight to just, "TOYS R US".Over the years I have boughts books from Amazon...but I'll think twice, after this frustrating attempt to buy "brick and mortar" gift certificates.
I ordered a paper gift certificate on 12/15/05. Tomorrow is Christmas Eve and it still hasn't arrived. I am very upset and disappointed.
If you're going to "partner" with merchants like Toys R Us why is it so hard to purchase a gift card for use in the store?  Is my 5 year old niece REALLY going to sign on to Amazon.com to shop for her birthday gift?  I'm signing off and headed to the store.  Save your time and do the same!
I have never had any fault with Amazon and I had always thought it to be one of the best sites on the internet.  However, the gift certificate process is no longer reliable.  I sent two this year and consider myself lucky they got to the recipients although slightly garbled, sender and receiver reversed in one message, and receiver to receiver in the other (what is better than a gift to yourself!).I personally received only the e-card portion of mine on December 23rd.  Now many days later still no code has come.  The giver informed me she resent it and I even went in and altered my junk mail filter to be more welcoming.The people to whom they outsourced this are obviously not up to the task and it is a real shame.  Although I will continue to purchase from Amazon in the future I will certainly hesitate to use this previously great gift option.
I thought this would be a quick and easy last minute gift......wow was I wrong.  It never arrived to the recipient and I had to go back and forth with the customer service in order to get a refund.Unfortunately, I believed them when they said the problem was related to the recipient's internet provider.  Today I ordered one for a father's day gift....and guess what? It never arrived.I will not use this service again.  It's a frustrating waste of time.  Very disappointing.
ordered email gift certificate.within minutes confirmation was sent.still waiting for the actual gift certificate.  I was not expecting it to take multiple hours to email a gift certificate.  I think it's reasonable to expect prompt delivery since it's strictly an electronic transaction ... what's the delay?The lack of a print option seems bad to me;  I would expect a lot of people ordering the gift certificate would like to personally print and present it.the delay in receiving the gift certificate is a major issue for me.1 star.
So I went to the Toys-R-Us website to purchase a Toys-R-Us gift certificate to send to my neices in Colorado. The Toys-R-Us home page has a link on the bottom right side to "buy" gift certificates. Simple enough, right?Here's what that portion of the "Toys-R-Us" page looks like with "redeem" and "buy" highlighted:>Need Help?* New customer? Click here to learn about searching, browsing, and shopping at Amazon.com.* Forgot your password? Click here.* Redeem or buy a gift certificate.* Visit our Help department.&lt;The link (buy) then directs the purchaser to a form that allows you to buy a gift certificate using a credit card.  But there's one slight problem:The fine print:>2)Gift certificates must be redeemed through the Amazon.com Web site, http://www.amazon.com, toward the purchase of products listed in Amazon.com's online catalog... Gift certificates may not be redeemed for the purchase of products through in-store pickup... or any other Web site operated by Amazon.com, its affiliates, or any other person or entity.&lt;So am I correct in assuming that a gift certificate link on the Toys-R-Us website does NOT allow you to buy toys at a Toys-R-Us store using that gift certificate?  Aren't there legal problems here?
After beating my head against a wall for an hour trying to return a product for which I had no "order number," I tried looking on every page of this website for a customer service phone number to call.The only place I found one? In this string of Customer Service Complaints. Yes, I had to read a complaint from another unhappy customer who who thoughtfully provided this number: 800-201-7575.The best I can tell, this is the only place on the entire site to find a number to talk to a real person--and I had to find it in a forum of customer complaints. Un-believable!I used to think the Amazon site and Amazon customer service was good. Not any more.
The process Amazon has set up for on-line email gift certificates should be reported to the Better Business Bureau.Ordinarilly one would expect some form of receipt or purchase confirmation.  None of these things appeared after I made a gift cert. purchase. I went to my account information for purchase history and nothing appears (i.e. printable receipt)to assure me things went correctly, I didn't even receive an emial.  I can only hope my purchase went as planned.Not a good way to cary out on-line business.  Very unsettling!
You cant charge these to your Amazon account if you have one, and you have to enter all your infoe for each certificate, including credit card info and name.
Another (competing) company's online gift certificate was mailed mere minutes after I clicked submit.  At this time the Amazon certificate still hasn't been received (or sent out - I assume).  And I opted for the email certificate, which you think would be immediate.Save your money and go somewhere else for online gift certificates - Amazon needs to get their act together.
I orderd a gift certificate and sent it to my brother last Christmas.  He never received it, or may have thrown it away, etc.  I was able to request for it to be re-sent, so I did so.  I tried electronically, and he never got it.  I also tried snail mail, and no go.  I contacted customer service, and they said they would re-issue it, sending to my e-mail address, and I could then forward him the info.  Instead I was e-mailed that I was refunded, and that due to technical difficulties, the recipient never recieved his gift card.Lame!
I ordered this e card gift certificate for my brother in law specifically because the site says "ship immediately.  His birthday came and went and - no e card with gift card.  He thought we missed his birthday.  Very dissapointing.  We will not be making that mistake twice..
I am still trying to get the redemption code from Amazon. Have tried resending it and sending them emails. Do not buy this!
I attempted to order a gift certificate on 9/4/2007 to be delivered on 9/7/2007.  Could not attach an ecard as far as I could see and thought this rather odd.  So, I backed out and started with the ecard where the option of attaching a certificate was clear.  The process is easy but the ecard/gift certificate had not arrived by 7AM of 9/7.  Did the recipient delete it?  Did he see it as SPAM?  I researched those possibilities for a half hour, then tried to research the purchase itself.  The record does NOT indicate the date to be recieved so I couldn't even determine whether I had accidently put in the wrong date.  Reviewing the record indicated that the certificate had been SENT.  OK, time to get in touch with customer service and -- whoa, what's this -- a Resend option, just in case the certificate is "lost"?????  OK, let's do that.  Up comes a dialog box saying the original gift certificate will be voided.  Fine.  Resend.  I watched that process for more than an hour and the record continued to say NOT SENT.  It was appalling!  Finally, in frustration, I left it alone for 2 more hours and, lo and behold, the recipient said that he had received the card and gift certificate.  Serious problem here, folks.
I recently bought an item using a gift certificate.When the item never arrived after 1 month waiting I notified Amazon about it. It took them over 40 days (and 9 emails) to process the refund and they managed to do it only after I told them for the third time that I had paid using a gift certificate.
I purchased a Gift Certificate for a friend. When she tried to redeem it she was told that it had already been used. We both contacted Customer Service to determine who and when it had been redeemed, but they refused to furnish any information, in order to protect the privacy of the user. That's like not allowing a bank to review the Security Tape of a holdup, in order to protect the identity of the robber. I've asked my Credit Card company to intercede. Meanwhile, I'm out the money, my friend has no gift, and Amazon.com...
I tried the Amazon email gift certificate for the first and LAST time this Christmas season. I bought and sent 4 $50 certificates to my employees.  The first I sent hadn't shown up long after the others had been delivered.  I thought I had made a mistake and somehow not completed the first transaction so I re-bought and sent the first one.  After that re-bought one showed up so did the first one, not sure why it was delayed.  Now I had sent two to one person.  I assumed it would be a simple thing to cancel one of them.  To my amazement Amazon claims they cannot cancel one because it was sent already, BUT they would allow me to send it someplace else.  Why can I transfer it, but not cancel it?  Because they don't want to lose a sale?  Of course all communication has to occur over the web, since there is no phone number to call.  Another convenience for Amazon, in hopes that unhappy customers will eventually tire of the nonsense and give up.  Well I say buyers beware of Amazon gift certificates and Amazon beware of the competition.  It won't be hard for them to beat you at customer service and it's not like your business model is unique or difficult to copy.
Don't get this for anyone important in your life. You could be making a big mistake. I ordered a gift certificate on Dec. 20th thinking that it would be a good way to get a gift to a distant relative at the last minute. It is Jan 7th now and my nephew still has not received the gift certificate.I was able to find a phone number for Amazon (800/201-7575 - I found this somewhere else on the web, not on the Amazon site) and I called it. After a while on hold I got to speak with a real person. She eventually told me that they were a call center (no surprise) and that she would fill out a form that would go to the Amazon gift certificate department and then Amazon would email me. Ha, ha, ha, what a cruel joke. So their phone support is no better than email. She also told me there was no way for her to track the status or delivery because they did not have access to that information.My nephew is still waiting for a gift certificate. In the meantime I will probably send him something else to make up for the wait.I wonder if the Amazon Gift Certificate Department reads these reviews and looks at the overall customer rating for this item. They should be embarrassed. I sure am.
I have been given 2 reward certificates and have only been able to redeem one. I made the mistake of going back on one page to change the shipping address to my home instead of my business (both were on file) and once I did so, the certificate then showed as redeemed and then could not be used. I am out $25 dollars and there is nothing I can do according to the fine print. SEND CASH or a CHECK. DO NOT USE CERTIFICATES!!!
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT ORDER AMAZON GIFT CERTIFICATES. I have ordered merchandise from Amazon for years and have been satisfied with their products and service...up to now! Last year I ordered two gift certificates which were delivered by email quite promptly and the recipients really enjoyed them. So, this Christmas I ordered four gift certificates to be email delivered. (It's important to understand that two of them went to the same email addresses as last year.) Not one of the gift certificates was delivered. Customer service was a complete joke! First, they told me that the certificates had probably been blocked by a spam filter, yet none of my other Amazon emails were blocked, nor were the certificates I sent last year.  Then they said I should re-send them, which I did - to no avail. They were still not transmitted to the recipients.  Finally, I called and complained vociferously and I was told that the email addresses I gave them were not active.  At that point, I made it clear that I knew the addresses were good and that they were used hundreds of times every week. At that point, the customer service gnome apologized and told me that the addresses were active, the emails just hadn't gone through for some reason. So, as a last resort I was forced to take the ID number for each certificate and write it in a Christmas card and hand deliver them to each person, along with an apology and explanation. I will NEVER purchase another Amazon gift certificate. They are much more trouble than they are worth!
My plan was to print out the gift certificates and present them to  recipients at a professional meeting.  I WON'T DO THAT AGAIN!!!1.  The emailed certificate looks nothing like what is shown on the amazon.com website.  Didn't matter if I opened it via my browser or through Eudora - either way it has HUGE blockouts - spaces where something is supposed to be but it prints as a solid block of ink.  Not just unattractive, but ugly.2.  The email "certificate" is actually a 3 page document - with 2 sheets being used for 'fine print".  Rather like giving a legal contract for a gift with a free book attached.There is nothing "gift-like" about this presentation.  And I will NOT be honoring the other 20 people on my list with an amazon.com gift certificate.
I thought there was a law in Washington State that a gift certificate cannot expire.  I could be mistaking however, Amazon's policy states the certificate is good for 18 months + a 6 month grace period.I won't buy if that is the case.  It is CASH.  How can cash have an expiration date?
What a frustrating experience it is using your online system to order gift certs. The first time I tried it wouldn't recognize the email addresses I put in for the recipients.  The second time I tried to order certificates by mail; it wouldn't let me complete.  Then I tried ordering the ecards (just like I tried the prior day) and when I went to edit the message, it lost all the info and I had to start over.  I wanted to buy 7 ecards for my staff, but at this point I give up and will try Barnes and Noble.
When you go to the ToyRUs website (ToysRUs.com) you expect to get a gift certificate that can be used at the store. I got paper Amazon.com gift certificates that can only be used online for my small grandchildren who live in another state. They took a long time to come in the mail, made a poor presentation (looks like junk mail), and customer service would not refund my money, even when I offered to return the paper certificates. I will never use Amazon.com again. This is the second and last time I have been stung by them. The site is user-unfriendly, the certificates expire, the customer service is poor, and the cost of shipping and higher pricing makes this a poor choice.
I ordered 3 gift certificates on December 14 from Amazon and then placed an additional two orders for books, etc.  The books arrived in two business days but when I checked my account, the gift certificates did not show up nor was my credit card charged.I was counting on the gift certificates to make it to the recipients by Christmas so I cancelled my order and sent a personal check.I am surprised and disappointed that Amazon handled this so poorly.
I couldn't find anything about a gift certificate for BabiesRUs. I asked. They directed me here -- which tells me absolutely nothing. Are the Amazon.com gift certificates good there or not? No one gives me a straight answer, so I have no clue.In other words, it would be nice to be absolutely sure that the gift certificates would be good on everything cross-linked here. I don't usually buy them so this is my first runaround.
I ordered a gift certificate.  It did not come.  I reordered it and was promised it would be emailed to me within 24 hours.  It did not come.  I ordered gift certificates from seven different companies for Christmas gifts.  Amazon is the only one which did not come.  I cannot find a number to call to solve my problem.  Don't know what to do.  They should actually receive no stars.
I ordered two paper certificates to be sent to me. I didn't have a person's name in TO and I didn't have a person's name in FROM. I wanted to complete this myself and send the off with Christmas Cards. What a mess!First of all, the envelope arrived and only ONE certificate came. I ordered two at $25 each. They were blank remember? I contacted Amazon and they called me. I got a call from their telephone operator PAUL, he was hard to understand because he mumbled and he found it hard to listen to what I was saying. I told him what I received--one of two paper gift certificates. I read off the long number across the bottom and he proceeded to read it back to me four times WRONG! Then he thanked me for calling and asked me if he could do anything else...I told him that we hadn't talked about the problem.Then he asked me who I got the gift certificate from. NO, I said...I bought two to send to other people. Then he asked me over and over for the certificate ID number. There isn't one on the certificates!I told him the situation again and he said that no one else could cash the gift certificates because their name is on them. NO, I told him again...I left the TO and the FROM blank!Did he want the claim code...no, he said. Then he said he would take the claim code...I gave it to him carefully saying things like Q, as in quiz...B as in bear, to make sure he got the right letters of the alphabet. After all that he told me to give him the code again!! I was worn out. He said that he didn't have a pen because he gave it someone next to him and didn't write down the code I gave him. I was livid! I asked for his supervisor he put me on hold for over five minutes...came back asking for more information that I had previously given him. He asked for the ID number-- there isn't one. He tired to tell me I didn't have an Amazon gift certificate. WRONG, it's yellow and the words Amazon in the left upper corner. He had the nerve to put me on hold again, only to come back and ask for the claim code this time. I told him NO-- I gave it to you already and you didn't write it down. I asked for the supervisor again! He put me on hold.Then he came back and asked more questions. He wasn't getting it. I asked for the supervisor at least three more times and wasn't given his supervisor. He told me that they were busy, and then he told me that he wanted to handle this situation himself. Then he had the nerve to tell me that maybe the other certificate was delayed. I asked him how the first one would be delayed and I have the second one in my hand. He didn't answer and assured me that the certificates would arrive in the same envelope following his statement that the first one may have been delayed, again. Again, I reminded him that it was not possible for the second one to be here and NOT the first if they are to be in the same envelope. He put me on hold.Out of desperation I did give him the claim code number again (I assume he wrote it down though I don't know) and told him to cancel BOTH certificates; he put me on hold. He said he wrote my cancel request up and it would be done in two business days. I got his name it is PAUL (he wouldn't give him last name to me) but he did give me this phone number 1 800 201 7575; Everyone DO NOT TALK TO PAUL, the paper gift certificates are an awful idea and this customer service guy doesn't even know where he works!
Turns out the gift certificate process is outsourced to some company in Idaho.  Things went fine until I got to the payment screen.  Despite the fact that there was an icon of a Discover Card with the other cards shown, the drop down select menu did not have Discover. So there was no way to complete the order.I put in the last 5 digits of my Discover Card and picked a random card type so they would provide the phone number I could call to complete the order (Amazon lets you put in a partial credit card if you don't want to transmit the number over the net).  Next I got a confusing screen that didn't seem to indicate my order was placed, but was trying to get me to order another certificate.Fortunately, I got an automated email soon after with the number to call.  Turns out it was the general Amazon customer service number.  After the standard "Did you know almost all of your questions can be answered in the FAQ section on our web site?"  (yeah, right), I stepped through a bunch of menus until I could totally mangle the input of my credit card number (put a bunch of #'s in it) so the system would give me a real person.From that point on, things went fine.  The representative was very helpful, we got my number in, and the certificate is on its way (I hope).  But it took me a half-hour to order a lousy $50 gift certificate.  So until the programmers in Idaho or at Amazon get their act together and fix the process (not just the drop down menu, but also what happens after you finish the order), just drop a check in the mail as a gift.  It's worth the 37 cents.
lousy..I need to have them replaced..there are 4 names on each cert. instead of 4 different ones
I sent an email gift certificate and he never received it.When he did receive it he got 3....all with codes that would not work.I still do not have anything yet and he is totally frustrated.WHAT A LOUSY PRESENT
I picked the e-mail option expecting quick delivery, but it's been many hours and the order hasn't gone through yet (still an "open order").  Now i read here that some people never received their GC codes, and I'm worried as there's no easy way to cancel the order (or verify its delivery without calling the recipient).
The gift certificate NEVER showed up.  When I asked that they fix the problem, they replied that a "glitch in their system" prevented them from resending it.  I was told to forward their customer service email to the birthday girl... it was well after the birthday and quite tacky.  The whole ordeal was embarrassing, and I wouldn't use this service for birthdays or holiday gifts!
Got nothing but time?  Want to waste hours on the computer?  Try sending an Amazon gift certtificate.  If you make the tiniest error, you can have hours of entertainment trying to correct it. Hint:  the program says you can make changes but you really can't so you have to search the lybrinth of redirection before you find a way to resolve.  And, if you have made an error in the address and the cert. can't be delivered, you will be charged anyhow.  It only takes a minute to buy a gift cert. at a department store.  It takes hours at Amazon.
My girlfriend ordered me a $100 Amazon gift certificate before Christmas. Took her two or three times contacting Amazon to get it. I just went to redeem it and all I get is the ecard she sent me for Christmas, but never got the gift certificate with the number to put in the box! Just give someone the money and let them buy what they want. This has been pure and utter frustration!
I sent each of my 3 nieces (all under 18 years of age) an electronic gift card.  The cards made it there on time as promised--great!  They have been having a great time shopping, but when they go to make the purchase using the gift card, Amazon tells them they need to enter a bank account number, a bank routing number, a credit card number, and a license number!I thought that maybe there was user error on their part, so I used the convenient call center and was put through immediately to our friends in India.  I was told that "security concious" Amazon has a "mechanism for the recipients" of these gift cards that they would have to enter all of their personal financial information just to place their order with a pre-paid gift card.  Once I understood what the out-sourced rep was trying to tell me, I told him that these were children who had no personal financial information.  He told me that perhaps they could get it from their parents!OK--unacceptable and no way.  I then asked for a refund and that was another hassle.  Long story and I'll spare you the gory details.Bottom line--the fine print on the page where you buy these cards does not tell you what the recipient will be asked for in order to actually use the gift.  If they do not currently have an Amazon account, they will be asked to provide either their own or their parent's financial information.  Hardly security conscious at all!Speaking of security conscious, in order for me to have the luxury of the "real name" for this review, they want me to share my name with the world!  And, it's attached to the last 5 digits of my credit card.  Did anyone read the story about "Company Blunders Make Identity Theft Easier?"  They must have been writing about Amazon.
I have been sending Amazon gift certificates for the last 4 years.  I know some of them are getting through because I get one or two "thank you" e-mails.  However, the majority are never heard from.  This presents a problem: Are the people I am sending to deleting the messages without realizing what they are; or are they just thoughtless heels?  Either way, I want to be able to adjust how things are done.  I believe that there should be a tracking system where I can monitor how many of my certificates have been delivered, read, used, or abandoned.  I can then adjust how I deal with the recipients.  I agree with another reviewer (from Europe) that was insulted by Amazon's belief that I should just ask people if they received my gifts.  That makes me look like a dog regardless of their response.  I can't see any reason for not creating a tracking system other than Amazon likes the profits from lost and mishandled gift certificates.  I will not be using these certificates again until Amazon has created an appropriate tracking system.
I've purchased gift certificates online many places and done all my shopping online this year.  I was going to buy a few Amazon gift certificates and then saw all the bad reviews here.So I sent a $5 one to myself first.  Guess what..status says sent but I don't have it.  Clicked resend...status says is was sent again.  Still don't have it.Now I am waiting for customer service to respond.Glad I didn't just go ahead and order for my family.  So many bad reviews can't be wrong.  Believe it.
Amazon, what happened?  My mother ordered Gift certificates for my wife and I to use as Christmas gifts, but we never received them.  It has now been 3 months and nothing.  She utilized the mail option rather than e-mail thinking it would be safer, but I guess not.  Your service is usually very good, but this time it stinks.  In fact, she has looked in her order history where she finds no evidence that the order was ever placed, and yet the credit card she used has charged her for the full amount.  She has tried using your online help, but to no avail so now she's going to sick her credit card company on you.  This message is to say that Amazon clearly drops the ball on gift certificates and their customer service is worse yet since my mother was not able to resolve the problem through this avenue.  Amazon, get with the program and fix your site so that folks no exactly what they're doing when they order from you!  Example: You don't have a stinking logout button.  How are we supposed to logout of our account to make sure it is secure if we can't find the button to do this.  It seems almost like a rude gimmick to try to get people to stay longer and shop.  What a dirty way to do business!
Here is a helpful little hint! If you get someone a Amazon gift certificate, and you have a copy of it before you give it to them, make yourself a photo copy.Last year I purchased a gift certificate from Amazon.com for a Priest I know as a Christmas gift. During the year, he lost it. So I wrote Amazon and asked them if it could be replaced. I figured they knew I ordered it, so them must have the gift certificates number on file some where. All I ever got from Amazon was an automated reply saying there was nothing they could do. Honestly, no one was looking to take advantage or get something they didn't deserve. But no matter how hard I tried, Amazon would not delete the previous gift certificate and issue a new one. It just seems silly to me. I kind of fell that, after years of faithful patronage, Amazon really let me down. Years ago Amazon would have been much better about this, but as they have gotten larger I'm sorry to say the customer service hasn't been quite as good.So now I'm getting him one again this year, but this time I'm going to keep a copy of it in my records. And if he does misplace it again, I can give him the correct information. Do yourself a favor and do the same! And have a happy holiday!
Second time in a row I can't cash it.  What a joke.  And for customer service, is there a real person somewhere there?  I can't find a number to call.  Your help pages don't address real problems.  This is the last time****.  And I am a computer professional.
On Dec 25, 2005 my wife and I ordered two Amazon gift certificates for our niece and nephew. We thought it would look great to actually have Christmas day on the certificate. We ordered two $100 certificates and specified email delivery. We sent them to ourselves to prevent any loss issues. On Dec 26th they still didn't show up. We tried three different email addresses with three different ISP's on different people's computers (I even used my work address)... still no luck. Tried Amazon's Reminders email and that went right through without a hitch. It's now Dec 27th, we just requested cancellation of the two certificates. What should have been an easy thing to accomplish is now just a dead dream. What's ironic is that all of Amazon's spam email, Amazon's Email Reminders, and all the DVD's we order online with their respective acknowledgements make it through... but their certificates don't. Just a warning people... take it for what it's worth.
I have ordered gift certificates before, some had problems some did not. I wanted to print out a certificate today to take to a party.Too bad.
I ordered two gift certificate e-mails and had them sent to myself so I could print them out and mail them.  I placed the order on Saturday and I still haven't received them by Monday night.  If you think e-mail means instant service, you're wrong.
I was attempting to purchase gift certificates for some business associates and the corporate program sounded like it would be a great fit. However, the $5,000 minimum was too high for my needs. Unfortunately, the friends and family program is so complicated that it just wouldn't work for me.  I wanted to have the email sent to me so that I could then send the redemption information to my associates via my company email [avoid problems with spam filters etc.]; but if I were to do that, then the gift certificate would have to be redeemed using my Amazon account.  If I were to send the email or ecard certificate then the certificate would be tied to the email for redemption purchases, obligating the recipient to create a second account if their Amazon account used a personal email. The only thing to do would be to send the paper certificate; but that is not an option at this late date. I find it very disappointing that the fraud protection measures and the fine print make it so complicated and risky to use.  It seems very apparent to me that Amazon is well protected but we as customers assume all the risk when trying to use this product.
A group of friends decided that an Amazon gift certificate would be a good choice for someone who was moving away. I was in charge of collecting from everyone, and obtaining the gift. Since the Amazon decision had already been made, I did not heed the warnings that others have left when I got here to purchase it. Now I wish I had just sent a check!Our friend never received an email from Amazon telling her of the gift. After 3 days, I had it sent again to my own email address. We both checked our SPAM filters but neither message has shown up. I finally requested a refund which Amazon declined since the thing had (allegedly) already been issued. They now consider it lost and they don't refund on lost certificates.They did forward the code to me and hopefully she'll have no trouble using it. This whole thing sure took the fun out of the gift, though, and my opinion of Amazon has dropped considerably.
I received an e-gift certificate in June 2005 and decided to hang onto to it to purchase Christmas gifts for my kids.  As I write this, though I have been unsuccessful in claiming it.  Apparently, the company that sent it to me issued duplicate claim codes so my code has already been redeemed by someone else (not me).  I contacted customer service (800-201-7575) and basically was told I'm out of luck.  I would not recommend purchasing e-gift certificates.  You're definitely taking your chances.
I ordered an eCard gift certificate on Saturday and had it sent to mycomputer.  Several hours later it appeared, as well as an email statingthat the Claim Code number would be sent to me shortly.  This is Wednesday andI have not received the Claim Code.  There is no information on the website explaining how long the Claim Code email will take to reach me, and there is also no customer service phone number on the website at which I can talk with a human being.  I am thoroughly frustrated with Amazon right now, even though I have had good experiences with ordering products in the past. My advice is "Don't give Amazon gift certificates; give cash instead."I'll never do this again!
This has been the most frustrating gift I have ever used..You have to keep putting the numbers in oveeer and over and it's just not worth it
After noting that Amazon gift certs only recieved three stars I thought let me test this by sending one to myself at a mailbox not associated with my Amazon account.Well the gift cert never showed although I did get a confirmation email and a subsequent email offering free shipping. Customer service obviously either never read my email to them or decided to ignore it in favor of sending me a form response telling me to check my spam filter. Duh!I am more disapointed in the lame response or lack of attention to detail to the email that I sent to customer service telling them that I did check my spam filter.All companies make mistakes. The great one's acknowledge their mistakes and fix them. The bad companies send out form letters.
Why in the world can I not purchase a regular Babies-R-Us gift card from this site?  A friend of mine is having a shower that I cannot attend.  All I wanted was to order a gift card to include in the her card.  Our closest store is 20 minutes away and I don't have the time to run over there.  Making people register with Amazon to get a Babies-R-Us card is absolutely stupid!  Forget it.  I'll order a Target gift card instead.  I'm sure she can find something there.
I received an amazon gift certificate and used it to buy a book at this site last week. The purchase all went fine and certificate seems to get calculated in the final total.Today, the send me a shipping notice and it the invoice they charged my credit card full price. Certificate is zero taken into account. What a crook!I will have to spend my valuable time dispute this charge. I make a mistake shopping at this site!
I purchased a gift certificate for a fellow employee on 12/22/05.  But, the email with the claim code never arrived.  So I went back to my account and had the claim code email to be resend again.  20 minutes later both claim codes arrived.  So I gave the employee both claim codes just in case.  Guess what?  Neither claim codes works!  I went back to my account to have it resend again, the resent buttom disappeared.  I then tried to locate the contact number for customer service, only to learn that there is no where to be found on amazon.com web site.  I spent at least an hour surfing thru amazon.com and I just can not come up with the contact number.  Finally I searched thru the Internet and finally found it thru [...] and realized amazon did it on purchase.  I called the rep. from amazon.com and he was telling me the claim code worked.  I gave it to my co-worker and tried it again, and it does not work!  I just dont think this is quality customer service.  I am so frustrated and I'll never shop amazon.com again!!!!
I bought 2 gift certificates for delivery the same day on Dec 25 and they still were not sent 2 days later !! All there is an email to be sent !! How long does that take ?I contacted customer service after 2 days with this message -"I bought 2 gift certificates yesterday and they still have NOT been sent. Not sure what you are doing - they do not need manufacturing or shipping - all there is an email to be sent !! How much longer will it take ?"And here is the response I get (so typical - never read what you write, instead make their own assumptions and send you a terrible response)"Thank you for writing to us at Amazon.com.I am sorry for the frustration you experienced when trying to update your payment information on two recent orders.At this time, our system does not allow orders for gift certificates to be modified via Your Account.  Therefore, I have cancelled your order, and you have not been charged."I never asked to modify my order, all I asked for was the status, but being really adept at reading and understanding english - they canceled my order !Way to go.
I have had no success in redeeming my gift certificate after numerous attempts. I filled out all info required on three occasions only to be redirected to start the entire process over again.  A complete waste of time.  Beware - all that they want is your e-mail address to send advertisements!!
I PURCHASED 3 GIFT CERTIFICATES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. IT TOOK 12 EMAILS AND 5 PHONE CALLS TO GET THEM DELIVERED. THE THIRD NEVER WAS DELIVERED THE CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPERVISOR JUST GAVE MY DAUGHTER THE CODE FOR THE CERTIFICATE.THIS IS LOUSY SERVICE! WON'T USE IT AGAIN
I gave it 1 star, only because you couldn't give it zero stars.On December 19, I ordered a gift card to be sent email.  Promised delivery is within hours (or so the advertisement says)December 20, resubmited payment, December 21, resubmitted payment and tried another card.  December 22, tried again.Got an email with a phone number 800-201-7575 (Amazon customer service) and they tried.  You can't get this number on the web page so if your looking for a phone number, this is it.December 23, no gift card,December 24 , no gift cardDecember 25, No gift card.Called the customer service number again,  Still no help.Worthless service, talked to a team leader and no help.  They blame it on the credit card company.  Funny, no other stores had problems with the card.  The team leader also couldn't tell me who else I can file a complaint with.  There must be some oversight agency, but no one at amazon service center admits to knowing that.Finally gave up and cancelled.  At least they did that right.Unbelievably poor service.Do not be fooled by their banners on the web page. IT DOES NOT WORK.
A friend of mine got one of these 2 years ago for Christmas.  He isn't on the net and gave it to me to get something for him.  We tried a year ago but any of the things he wanted were not actual amazon products and cetificate wouldn't work.  He told me to use it myself.  That must be a violation of terms because I couldn't get it to work even on amazon products.  They got the cash two years ago and all my friend got was the shaft. I would give zero or negative star rating if I could.  I did my on line shopping at Target this year.  May never shop at Amazon and encourage everyone I know to not shop Amazon as well.
In September my brother bought my daughter an Amazon gift card that was sent by email.  My daughter accidentally erased the email and there has been no way to track it down.  I agree there should be some help on the Amazon site to track down gift cards.  I wonder how many gift certificates go unclaimed?
I've ordered THREE Amazon gift certificates in the last month. Only ONE arrived at the recipient's email address.I have email receipts with order numbers and recipient information as verification. But there's no way to pull up an order number to find out what happened to it. To make it worse, there's no way to email or phone customer service.If you're looking to send gift certificates online, I would not recommend Amazon. You'll never know if your recipient got it unless you ask them. If they didn't receive it there's no way to find out what happened. What a disappointment!
I wrote a message on the e-card; checked it several times to be sure it was correct, and then when it was send part of the greeting was cut off.  I attempted to stop it because delivery was not for 2 days later and was told I could not do that.  I sent a Gift Certificate with it and they wrote and told me the message had to go but the gift certificate would be cancelled!  The entire message dealth with the gift certificate so their assistance only made the matters worse!!
I want to purchase and download a gift certificate for someone else that I can wrap as a gift and send in a box with all the other gifts I'm sending.  You only offer options that send the certificate to the recipient.  I don't want that.  I've tried to purchase certificates from Amazon more than once in the past, but am always prevented because the one option I NEED, Amazon does not provide.  At this point, I agree with the other reviewer who said, "Just send cash."
Please, read the bad reviews on these gift certificates.  You will notice that there are more bad reviews than good.  The certificates are a pain to use.  I did everything correct and the individual I sent it too still wound up calling Amazon twice.  She also experienced the pain of receiving an Amazon rep in India who was unable to communicate well in English.  We would sincerely like to thank Amazon for outsourcing outside of the United States and supporting your fellow citizens.  Just go to the store and purchase a gift certificate, or call the store itself.  Usually, the store will mail a gift certificate.  I will not purchase a gift certificate through Amazon again.  I dread the thought of having to call a non-English speaking country if I ever have another problem with Amazon.
Here is the customer service number since you can't find it anywhere on the site and you WILL need to call them to see your money1-800-201-7575I ordered on Dec. 18th and was not expecting it by Xmas however it being January 6th and my dad has still not received his gift certificate, when the item was "sent" supposedly over a week ago.When you call they give you an excuse about how its the holidays even though its just a freakin piece of paper and every other item I ordered has arrived long ago.Use the email service and print it out. Been shopping online for YEARS and never have been so disapointed with a website. Truly crappy.
This feature seems to be a hit and miss with people.  I initially thought the bad reviews were due to user error and since I bought from Amazon before, I thought I'd have no problems.Well, I was wrong.  I ordered my certificate and selected to have it sent via email.  It's been quite a while and the email is still NOT sent.I attempted to change my credit card payment type and used various other card numbers, but no effect.I know it doesn't take more than an hour to get credit card authorization and sending an email is instantaneous.I triple checked my order information and my account information and it's all fine.  I even called the BURIED customer service number and they were not very helpful.When I requested customer service to just cancel my order, they were not able to, due to the restrictions placed on the customer service agent by their management.This was quite a horrible experience, especially in such a tight holiday timeframe.I don't have problems with regular purchases on Amazon, but this has completely destroyed my TRUST in Amazon's gift certificate feature. The project manager at Amazon for this gift certificate feature should be whipped.So, in summary, here's what could possibly happen to you:1) you make a purchase which Amazon will not deliver.2) you'll have trouble getting any customer service.3) If and when you do get customer service, they cannot help you.4) you may or may not get a charge on your credit card and you may or may not recieve your gift certificate.I'm not saying this will happen to everyone, but are you willing to take the chance that it could happen to you?
[...]AVOID AMAZON GIFT CARDS!!!!!  Give money instead or find another store that does not have this ridiculous policy.
Gift certificate was never sent to the person I purchased it for.  When I emailed a complaint, the certificate was sent to me instead, with an expiration date that occured before I even bought the certificate.  Tried to follow up by email, kept getting a "page cannot be displayed" message from the amazon website.  Tried to call, got accidentally hung up on by the customer service phone system...twice.The person I bought the gift for still can't use it, three weeks after purchase.
You would think that there would be some information about the different types of e-cards offered by Amazon - but there isn't anything.  You don't have any idea whether you are ordering a "Happy birthday" card or a "sympathy" card until you've entered all the information and click to preview.  Then you can't change the e-card if you don't like it.  To beat all, there is no Happy Holiday or Merry Christmas e-card.  I am so disgusted that I am not ordering from you although I've ordered twice before and had no problems.  What is wrong with you guys!?!
I ordered 2 gift certificates as gifts for Christmas this year.I had the gift certificates sent to my own email address.  Two days later, I had not received them, so I wrote customer service.  Two days later, I still had not received and I wrote again.  I tried another email address - guess what - third attempt and still no gift certificates.I ran out on Christmas eve and bought gift certificates.  I called Amazon(TM) customer service to get a refund - so far I've only received 1.  So - yet another email and we'll see how they do.The customer service on Amazon took multiple attempts to resolve the issue with a low chance of getting it right.Also note:  Read all the fine print regarding the restrictions on the gift certificates before you purchase.
I received a $50.00 gift certificate for completing a survey. Used 31.00 of it to purchase an item. Later noticed that the 31.00 had been deducted from my bank account. Tried to access the gift certificate again to see what had happened. It shows that it has been redeemed. Now I have nothing...... No 50.00 and I'm out 31.00 from my checking. I was unable to contact Amazon.com for any info, so here's my review. VERY POOR.
What I want is very simple: to buy a gift certificate, print it out myself, put it into a "conventional" greeting card, and hand it to the person at their birthday party. Sound simple? At Amazon, it's just not possible. I tried it once. I had the certificate mailed to my own e-mail address, and after considerable high-tech messing-around, was able to print out something I could put into the card. But I won't bother to try again.
I still have not recieved my gift card, I recieve all of the other email from Amazon. I recieved the ecard and  the all the purchase info, but no gift card number. I tried to resend from my account and I tried contacting Amazon, they said they would resend it 3 days ago. I cannot find a phone number to call. I should have just  bought one of the prepaid credit card gift cards and been done with it.
wouldn't ever buy one of these again.I chose it as last minute idea on 24th December morning and its now 28th December and its still not there.No emails answered yet, nothing except order confirmation. Decided I had to  phone the recepient  to check about it so spoiled the surprise if it ever does get there....Very disappointing.
Purchasing items and gift certificates on Amazon.com in one transaction was a bogus process!  I decided to use their "purchase over $X and receive free shipping" only to find out that Gift Certificates are not a related purchase.I would MUCH prefer to return the Gift Certificates but now I'm stuck with them.I will be MUCH more leery of using Amazon.com in the future for purchases.
I received a $50.00 gift certificate for a Christmas present Dec. 2005.  Used it to order a book and two DVD's.  Received the book and one DVD.  One DVD was back ordered.  Received an e-mail stating that the back ordered one would be later coming if I agreeded.  My computer had viruses and could not respond.  Received another e-mail stating they had cancelled my order since I had not responded, and they were not going to my credit card.  I have tried every way I can on Amazon's web site to tell them I would still like to have the DVD or they owe me money on the gift certificate, and I can't get through to them; and they don't recognize the gift certificate claim code...so I'm venting my anger this way.  I've bought a lot of books from Amazon.Com, but probably won't do so anymore!  Will try Barnes and Noble.  Jo Ann Hodge
Order my gift certificate - pressed mail to me but I wanted to go back to say e-mail to me. NOPE - you cannot do that - the help pages on amazon are HORRIBLE!! There is no phone number to contact customer support - and now it's 1 day till Xmas and still no gift certificate in the mail!! POOR
I live in a country other than the big old USA.  Got my gift certificate but can only use it on Amazon.com website.  My country of residence Amazon website has what I want but not the USA site.  I will definitely let everybody know not to bother with one of these for me again.  I thought Amazon was truely global......obviously not.
Gift certificates are frequently last minute purchases. Amazon needs to provide a print-it-now gift certificate that can be printed on your PC. I would have purchased several today if a print-it-now version was available.The e-mail version has too many potential problems (spam filtering,etc). And have you ever tried putting an e-mail under your Christmas tree ??Time for Amazon to get with the times and today's technology!
Its been over 2 weeks without a confirmation about a gift certificate. These people are too busy counting dollars to care about the consumer. Go to a mom and pop shop or buy a card at the store, your much better off....
So I go to the Toys-R-Us website to purchase a gift certificate for my family to buy toys for their kids at a Toys-R-Us store.  Simple enough, right? So I click on the gift cert "buy" link at the bottom of the Toys-R-Us page, and get directed to another page that takes my credit card info. Then I just happen to notice the address bar on my screen says "Amazon.com".  Confused, I try to call customer info. No luck. So I go back to the buy page and scroll down the (long) page where I find fine print that says all kinds of BS about how you can't use the gift certificate with no mention of Toys-R-Us.  So I eventually find a website help number and call a Toys rep, who is completely ignorant of their website.  She eventually "asks a supervisor" who tells her that you can't actually use a "Toy-R-Us" gift certificate in a "Toys-R-Us" store and that the links are confusing but they do not intend to change them.  Amazing! So I file a complaint with her over the phone and on-line.Guess what? Got an e-mail from them the next day.. cool. Now that's customer service, right!  Uhmmm, well, not exactly.  The e-mail was a spam advertisement to buy Amazon and Toys-R-Us products!This is better than Comedy Central!
IT IS JUST AWFUL. I BOUGHT A GIFT CERTIFICATE FOR A FRIEND. THE MONEY JUST DISAPPEARED WITH NO TRACES...NO HISTORY ...NO ORDER NUMBER..MY FRIEND DID NOT RECEIVED THE CERTIFICATE AND I LOST MY MONEY.WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY ??
I give it one star, because you never know if the recipient actually received the email or it got filtered as spam. Have it sent to your own email address and then just forward it. It saves you the awkwardness of having to contact the recipient to find out if they got it. I sent 7 at one time for small amounts as a thank you, and I accidentally found out that some of them didn't receive it. Because I had to contact all of the recipients to find out if they received them, they then felt obligated to thank me for their "thank you" gift certificates. What if you sent some out to your grandchildren, they compared notes, and found out you only sent SOME of your grandchildren gifts?
I ordered an email gift certificate for my nephew on Dec 21 (before many of the bad reviews showed up), to be delivered immediately.  The email address wasn't good, so I resent it to my other email address.  A week later it still hasn't been sent.  I ended up buying a gift card from Barnes & Noble and sending it after Christmas.  This was a mistake I won't make again!
Like a fool, I ignored the bad press that Amazon Gift Certificates had in their own review section.  I bought one for a gift, my bank account had $150 taken out, and the certificate never shipped to my Dad.What a ripoff.
After reading reviews that these gift certificates weren't being received by people, I ALMOST didn't buy one, but decided to go ahead anyway!  These must be isolated incidents, right?  WRONG!  Mine didn't get sent, either!  Now "Customer Service" can't even get it resent, either to the original recipient or to me!  There's something definitely wrong with Amazon's system.  Except, they sure did charge my credit card right away!
I have sent email cards before and used Amazon too, this timehowever I senta 50th email card in November that never got there and now my brothers christmas ecard has not sent in the statusI have tried numerous times to figure out why it is not gettinganywhere, even changing my method of payment although there issufficient funds and has not been a problem for other businesses.I  have used the Help page and tracking, but no luck;I emailedthe customer service and although I can submet the problem noresponse was forthcoming. I was hoping to make this year a littleeasier, unfortunately it has been a nightmare.Still no help, I will have to just send a boring check andhope that will suffice, there should be a toll free number forback up with problems.
I ordered a gift certif. on the 12th and haven't revieved it....it doesn't show up in my account or in my mailbox!  There is NO customer service number, no way to contact Amazon in you have a problem via e-mail.....the charge did show up on my credit card bill however...to be continued......signed, December 23rd.
I have tried to use the certificate several times only to be blocked by unreasonable restrictions.  Either the merchandise I want to buy can not be purchased with a certificate or the entire merchant partner is restricted form using the certificate.  The person who gave me the certificate is extremely embarassed and asked for a refund.  Yet another restriction, they don't refund gift certificates.  What a scam!
I asked for an Amazon.com gift certificate from my monther-in-law because I thought it would make Christmas shopping for me easier (she already had so much shopping to do for others).  Boy was I wrong.They sent me a confusing e-mail with several groups of numbers and letters, none of which were identified as the "passcode" to activate the stupid thing, so I was left to try every one of the combinations several times like an idiot before I realized it was amazon, not me that messed up.Meanwhile, they sent an e-mail to my mother-in-law stating that her credit card number was invalid (it was valid) and bounced her e-mail, stating my account (the gift recipient) did not exist!Long story short, it took five e-mails from her, and one from me before they straightened it out.  She was forced to deal with this at work and wondered for a time if indeed her credit card was invalid--like they told her.  It was nothing if not stressful for her and I've never been so embarassed.  I just wanted to make Christmas shopping easier for her!  I will never, ever ask for an amazon gift certificate again.  Its just too much of a crapshoot.I should add that amazon did fix the problem within 48 hours and responded to my e-mail quickly, but my mother-in-law had to e-mail them multiple times to find out what was going on.  Thats totally unacceptable.Also, my girlfriend ordered me a "paper" gift certificate, that arrived in the mail quickly and worked the way it was supposed to (the code they sent worked that time).  Maybe that would be a better option than the e-mail gift certificate.  Either way, it seems like too much is left to chance with peoples' money.  Best to steer clear.
The very reason I chose this gift--an e-card with Amazon gift certificate was so that it would get to my niece and nephew on time for their birthdays.  The first time it arrived a day late I thought--that's disappointing, but surely it won't happen again.  The second time I did this I opted to send it a day earlier than their birthday (always better to be earlier than later) and it still came a day after their birthdays.  The whole point is that you can have it come on the exact day you want it to!  I will never use Amazon for this again.  Not to mention it is nearly impossible to get any customer service with Amazon.  I wish I had read more of the unfavorable reviews for these e-certificates.
Customer Service.From in the U.S. and Canada  1-800-201-7575From outside of U.S. and Canada 206-346-2992 or 206-266-2992I sent my sister a 150 dollar gift card DEC 18 2006 and she's still unable to use it. As she opened the gift card, the balance was 0. I resent it 4 times and called the customer service number, which wasn't much help.  Anyway, still trying to solve the problem. Maybe someone will find these numbers useful. It's interesting that I was unable to locate a customer service phone number on the website. And found these numbers on a website of a dissatisfied Amazon customer. I really like Amazon, but in the future I'll be careful not to give them so much money. I hope they read these messages.
I need to know how to contact your company to find out if it is possible to buy a FRENCH gift certificate from the USA.
False advertising - nothing immediate about it!  Buying a gift certificate online takes up to 24hrs - doesn't seem very immediate to me...
I got a gift certificate for Christmas, and when I put the code in at checkout it just appears as if nothing happened. However, the website of course has no problems accepting credit cards. I keep getting emails back saying they need more information, which I have sent, and all the responses seem to be automated. I have not yet successfully redeemed the card after a couple weeks. All this was after not even receiving a claim code at all and complaining about it. I don't know what is so hard about a gift certificate but I will surely never buy one for anyone else from this website, even though I order from Amazon.com all the time and they are usually very helpful.
NOT being able to use a gift certificate for MP3/downloads is NOT reasonable.  There is NO WAY I would let my 16 year-old teen have access to downloads on my credit card!  On iTunes they allow gift cards (and those are hugely popular gift items) which allows teens to manage their purchases.  Plus, how much sense (or cents) does it make for Amazon to have to charge 89 or 99 cents on my credit card?  Amazon needs to re-think this policy.  Until then, the teens will continue to spend their money on iTunes gift cards & online purchases instead.
I have had 6 gift certificates that I could not redeem or  were sent back to me by the person whom I gave them too as gifts because they could not redeem the codes.  I am seeing that this is a very common problem now!  It was very embarrassing to be told that my gift certificate was a phoney.  Amazon coustomer service claims that these gift certificates were already redeemed but I did not redeems them!  Are they recyling claims codes or just ripping us off?  Anyway- JUST SEND A CHECK OR GIFT CARD FROM ANOTHER COMPANY.  Other than gift certificates, Amazon is wonderful.
Save yourself the headache and DO NOT purchase an Amazon electronic gift card.  Their system is full of technical incompetencies that cannot handle the e-card.  And their customer service department is even more incompetent.  My recipient is still without a gift and I'm still without the money I spent on it.
My son purchased a gift certificate for me for Christmas and sent an ecard to notify me of it. A notification email with a code to retrieve my certificate was to follow shortly. It never did. He resent the gift certificate twice now (which I have still not received, and it's 4 days later) and neither one of us have heard any kind of acknowledgement from Amazon. He has however been charged by his credit card company for the certificate.
I received an amazon.com gift card and have NEVER been able to redeem it!!  This is a waste of time and money and I think it is actually a scam!  I have followed all of the steps--several times--and have never been able to redeem it.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE AND WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM AMAZON OR THEIR MEMBER COMPANIES!!!!
I order this before New Years for a birthday present. It's now January 21, and it still hasn't arrived. You would think that a site as big as Amazon could handle something as simple as gift certificates. My only option is to  "resend" the certificate. Why can't I have a refund? Where's the customer support?
I would never purchase another gift certificate.  One was purchased for an employee at my work with the intention she could use it for travel.  Wrong!!  Your fine print is very misleading.  It should clearly state that it cannot be used for the purchase of travel.  Very dissatisfied customer.  Also, impossible to find a phone number to contact an actual human at Amazon.
When trying to purchase with gift certificate the first time, I was not aware of all the restrictions.  I tried to order books, and got a message that my gift certificate was not good for the items ordered.  I went back another time and tried to order stuff, encountered problems, backed out of the order in frustration because it did not seem to be taking my gift certificate again... Well, the order went through and now I'm being charged over 50 bucks.  Guess neither one of those vendors use the gift certificate either.  Just a few hours after I thought I had backed out of the order, got a confirm on two seperate orders charging ridiclous amounts of shipping, i followed the directions to cancel both orders, (remember, it was within about two hours) and both are supposedly in route already.  I think the disclosure and WHERE you can spend the money, neither of the two places are listed in the disclosure and neither came with the pop up re: can't spend here, should be very clear on the sites that don't accept.  [...]
On Thursday, January 12, 2006 I ordered two "instant" gift certificates. As of today, no certificate has been sent to the electronic address of recipient. What is worst, while I can trace orders, I have not found a similar way to trace "instant" certificates.
I should have read the other customer reviews before attempting to send my son a gift certificate with an e-card. It was ordered on 9/5/07 due to arrive on 9/13/07. Today, 9/16/07, it has not yet been received. I took the option of resending it, hoping that my Visa is not billed twice. This is so unlike my other experiences with Amazon. Not only did my son not get his birthday greeting on the proper day, but it is embarrassing to have to inquire of someone if they received their gift. I don't think  I will choose this option in the future.
I tried to send my sister an email gift certificate and she never got it.  I tried to resend it to her twice with no luck.  I then tried to change the email address to my email.  When amazon asked for my credit card number, it didn't recognize it even though it was the same one that I used to order the gift certificate.  I'm still trying to get a valid gift certificate number.  One star is the lowest rating allowed.  That seems too generous.
My 16 yr old son wanted to send this to his uncle.  The sample of his e card was fine.  After paying, two thirds of the the message he typed on the e card didn't show up.  I had to call to have it fixed.  The first guy I talked to said he retyped it and will resend it.  My son called his uncle to see if he got the e mail from Amazon.  Well, even though it says 'Immediate' on the website, it must be by boat! I checked my account and the e mail message wasn't fixed, it was still the same.  I had to call again, only to find out that the he couldn't type ' or " on the message that's why it stopped.  How stupid is that?!!!!!!  I was also told that it would take 12 to 24 hours before the actual e card will be sent and that it wasn't immediate!  Not worth the headache!  Just hope his uncle does get the e card and the gift code or that will be another bad review.
I ordered several e gift cards and only half of them were sent.  Contacting Amazon about this problem is unfortunately awkward - there isn't a simple Contact Us spot.  There are lots of dropdown menus, but I must be missing my topic - though I'm not missing my confirmation of the gifts not sent!
I should have believed the other reviewers.  I asked for the certificate TWICE, and it was never sent.  How hard can it be to send something through the mail?
I sent an email gift certificate last christmas to my sister. She never received the email. I resended it to my own email and I got the certificate. The story did not finished here. I sent to my sister the code. She tried to use at the end of January and it is not working. The message says it was used!. I went back to Amazon to see my gift card balance but (as usual for almost everybody) I did not have my password. The point is that there is a message that I can not reset my password any more!!! There is no telephone or email for customer support. Seems to be I lost 60 dollars.
My gift certificate has an invalid claim code apparently. Sent customer service copious details about the purchase (all written right here on my certificate). Response: "We're sorry, there's really nothing we can do. You'll have to contact the original purchaser." Hello? What are they supposed to do? Invent a valid claim code for me? As of this writing still going around and around with customer service. They won't budge from the not-our-problem line. Amazon's failure to take ownership of the problem amounts to theft - in the form of paid for but unredeemable gift certificates.
I suppose I should have studied the other bad reviews before sending 2 gift certificates!  I have been doing this for years and never expected such an aggravating ordeal.  Both people I sent certificates to have been waiting 4 days for them.  This is something that is supposed to be delivered in hours.  I have sent e-mails and now I have asked for the certificates to be resent on your website.  Now I suppose I have to worry about being charged twice!!!  What a mess!
Guys, maybe the prices are good, but you can shop on line and find comparable prices, but with MUCH better service and you will not have to wait a month to get a gift that suppose to arrive in 3 days. plus you get charged for it and have to justify the credit back to your account.  There is no life line to call to resolve your problems.  the headaches are not woth using any gift certificate from this site.  Do not do unfavor to people you care about, they will hate you for this gift.
I ordered a gift certificate to be sent ten days ago as part of a special Christmas basket for my mother, and watched the mail for it to come.  This morning I checked my account and the order for the certificate isn't even there.  I called customer service and they said the order had been cancelled.  Even assuming that payment was an issue (I don't know how because everything else I got on the card this Christmas went through), I received NO email about payment concerns and NO email that the order was cancelled. They just dropped the order out of my account without a word.  Thank goodness I wasn't sending it to someone directly!  And even if I wanted to, it is too late to get a replacement by mail!  In brief, order other things from Amazon but NOT gift certificates.
I guess I should have read the reviews.  I ordered a paper certificate and it was never received, and of course now too late to get one for XMAS,  seems from the other reviews that it is just a spoof.  At least they did not charge my CC.  Thanks Amazon,  Top notch service (sic)
First it was difficult finding the gift certificates on the website.Second, I wanted to be able to mail the gift certificate directly myself in my card but it appears the only options are to either email it or Amazon will mail.It would be nice to be able to print the certificate up here and mail it myself.
You're batting 1 out of 3 so far. It's Christmas Day and two gift certificates are in question whether they were delivered or not. One was supposed to be there yesterday. And a package delivered via UPS was supposed to have been gift wrapped (was paid to be gift wrapped) and was not.Can't say we're too happy with this.The one star is for ease of use with the web site. Now if it would only deliver. . .
Wow, after reading the problems with gift certificates from Amazon, I'm going to take my business elsewhere. I was just about to order several, but I don't want to risk the hassle. Plus the fact that you can't readily undo the transaction or easily fix problems is enough for me to say: NEVER MIND!!! Hard to believe that Amazon can't do better.
I read the other reviews that said they had not gotten the gift certificates on time, I ordered one anyhow, on Dec. 20th.  As of today, 12/23/05, it has not been rec'd.I will never use this service again.
I bought a gift certificate for my nephew in March and didn't get the entire problem resolved until August!!!  They were given the wrong validation code, and I made NUMEROUS calls, emails and spent hours trying to get this straightened out.  I will never ever ever do this again.  It WOULD be a great idea IF they had better communication, customer service and were able to fix their mistakes.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
I thought it would be nice to send an e-card with a gift certificate attached, but it turned out to be one big headache. The card went through just fine, but the gift certificate kept coming back as undeliverable because of invalid address. How can it be invalid if the e-card went through just fine? I had to try to get a hold of the recipient for another address. So much for the surprise! I will not use this option again!
My son will not receive his Christmas present because a gift certificate ordered Dec. 5 has still not been sent. No more Amazon for me....they are the Scrooge in this department!!!not even worth 1 star
My son and his wife live near Portland and are having their first baby in a few months. I wanted to get them a Babies R Us gift certificate so they could go to the store and pick the merchandise up...and save $271.00 on shipping thru Amazon.com.  Can't be done is what I am getting. Very disappointing.  I live in California...and wanted to use my credit card....but it seems they have to show up with ID and THE credit card used to buy the gift certificate.  ID makes sense.  Just disappointed in this procedure.Melody-Sacramento, CA
I bought six gift certificates and was really disappointed in their appearance. There is no holiday motif; there is no envelope in which to present the gift certificate; the edge with the tear-off strip looks untidy; in general, these have a really crummy appearance for something to be given as a gift.
I attempted to send my wife an Amazon git certifiicate, just as I have every year for the last three.  Unfortunately, Amazon changed their system so that instead of you selecting the date the email would be sent, they send it immediately - without actually stating that up front.By the time I figured it out, my Christmas gift had shipped - on December 22nd.  I managed to get it from my wifes email without her seeing it, only to discover that my attempts to get Amazon to stop it had been mishandled by the customer no-service department. The card has been cancelled and will be reissued.  [...]
When that gift certificate expires, the value is gone. No gift for the receiver who does not spend it right away.  Until they have a no expiration date, I will never purchase another gift certificate from Amazon.com
In violation of Massachusetts' seven-year gift certificate activation law (and probably other states' laws, too), Amazon deletes the value of a gift certificate the day before it actually is to expire ... just under two years after purchase. This is unabashed theft, and not worthy of a big corporation. I will be submitting my consumer complaint to the attorney general's office tomorrow.Needless to say after getting ripped off, I will refrain from EVER using Amazon again.
I am sorry i made a mistake on a gift certificate.Your site will not let me resend it even with the same credit card. I can not cancel it. I can not reach customer service. I am not happy.
I find it very difficult to track down missing items as there doesnt seem to be an easy way of doing so. Order numbers"cant be found"!!!! and it seems to take forever for the gift certificates to arrive at the email address it has been sent to. AN ORDER FOR AN EMAIL CERTIFICATE OVER A WEEK AGO HASNT YET BEEN SENT, WHY? does anyone know what to do? Imay have to re-think about using this service again
I was all set to send $100 worth of email gift certificates but discovered you didn't allow me to set a date when the message would be sent.  I would have to enter all the info on the very busy 12/24 for them to be a surprise on Christmas day.  No sale.
My wife sent Amazon gift cards to our nieces for Christmas, my brother sent one to my son.  We are still trying to figure out what Amazon did with the money.  They charged us both, but have not produced any information which allows us to see a credit or gift card balance on either end.
this is incredible.  Earthlink blocked the gift certificate claiming that it had a virus:  "We are writing to let you know that the email referenced above included an attachment containing a virus known as Malformed container violation.  For your protection, EarthLink Virus Blocker has quarantined the message because we were unable to remove or disable the virus."  So now what do I do?  I paid for it and had it emailed to myself as suggested in other reviews.
I thought that an emailed gift card would be a nice surprise for my mom's birthday, but instead she gets nothing.  The card was not sent as arranged and I am still trying to straighten out the mess.  Obviously I had to explain to my mother why I have nothing for her on her Birthday.  The only way to get help with this situation is via e-mail which takes up to 24 hours for a response from a representative.  Do yourselves a favor, get a real paper gift certificate.  I will never use this service again.
I tried to have Amazon send a gift certificate to an email address. They took the money, and, nothing happened. I had a reciept showing that it was sent but nothing was ever done. I just got off the phone with their support person (very nice but useless) and she said "Sometimes they don't get sent because too many people are trying to do this . . ." Huh? So, if I hadn't followed up on this, they would've kept my $125 and laughed all the way to the bank.Save yourself the time spent trying to figure out this useless process, both buying the certificate and then telling them two weeks later to actually do it with their useless help process. (Ever try to contact them for help? They say customer service is available from each "help" page, but just try and find the link - if they really wanted to help you instead of just keeping your money, they would put in a link directly from their "customer service is available from every help page" message. Pathetic!So, don't do it. Buy something real and local. What an incredible waste of time and money!
My sister sent me an e card with the gift certificate attached.  It said I would receive a notification email regarding the certificate info.  I never received it.  I spoke with customer service and they told me it would be in my email in four days. 10 days later, still no info...I have ordered things from Amazon before and had amazing and efficient service. I wonder what's up with these gift cards?
.Posted: Friday, January 06, 2006Re: The December 31, 2005 Amazon Certificate Gift sent to me.I phoned 206-622-2335 this afternoon, after a short explanation I was transferred to a Customer Service person in the USA.15 minutes later I had the necessary Amazon Certificate Gift Code to Redeem the Amazon Certificate Gift sent on December 31, 2005.Amazon Com Inc605 5th Avenue SouthSeattle, WA 98104206-622-2335----------------------------------------------------------------------Posted: 01/03/2006Amazon will not deliver the Gift Certificate Number.  I have been waiting for three days now.  Daughter purchased a Gift Certificate online on December 31, 2005 to be delivered with her Amazon e-card Birthday Card.Customer Service is of no help.I wrote to Jeffrey P. Bezos, President, Amazon, via USPS today.---------------------------------------------------------------------Posted: 01/04/2006  7:34 AM PSTI am still waiting for the December 31, 2005 "Amazon.com Gift Certificate Number/Code" for the "Gift Certificate" my daughter purchased for my January 2, 2006 Birthday.We both live in Washington State so it will be easy to file a formal complaint with the:Consumer Protection DivisionOffice of the Attorney GeneralConsumer Complaints | Washington State[...]Posted: 01/04/20067:34 AM PST-----------------------------------------------------------------------Posted: 01/05/2006  7:40 PM PSTNothing yet, maybe my letter to Jeffrey P. Bezos, President, Amazon, arrived in Seattle today.  The Post Office here is only 225 miles from Seattle.-----------------------------------------------------------------------
In trying to order multiple gift certificates for all the nieces and nephews, I have to fill in the same info over and over again - including my credit card number - which I am extremely uncomfortable with!!!  I'll go to another place to get gift certifiactes that don't demand so much information, or require me to transmit my credit card number multiple times in order to cover a single transaction.
Last year I purchased 3  gift certificates to be delivered by email.  Heard nothing from the recipients, so asked the tacky question, "did you receive the amazon gift certificate."  Turns out only two were received and i didn't question the third. Aparently email from Amazon was rejected by the recipients spam filter.  Tried to get them to modify their spam filter, but it wsa impossible.Contacted Amazon customer support by email; couldn't find a number.  Got a person in India.  Apparently all Amazon customer support has been outsourced.  Got less that helpful suggestions. Tried three times to get the electronic certs. cancelled and paper issued, but got hte run-around from India. My last email correspondence to Amazon customer support requested a telephone number to contact Amazon.  Nothing on Amazon's pages at that time.  Finally got a number.  Called the number and reached someone in Canada.  But, they could help.  45 minutes on the phone finally got the electronic certs cancelled and paper mailed.  The paper Christmas gift certificates arrived Jan. 5.[...]JimSeattle, Washington
Beware.  I ordered a $25 gift certificate yesterday for my sister hoping to receive it 15 minutes later and print it out to give her on Christmas morning.  Here it is 1:20 on Christmas and I still have not received the gift certificate.  There goes the surprise.  Rather than present it to her, I had to tell her and promise that she would have it "soon", whenever that will be.  All they have to do is e-mail it, guess they are busy during the holidays.  Hopefully you won't have the same experience as I did.
I ordered an e-gift certificate Christmas 2005, for my mother. Then the following day I received a call from India. A man speaking with a heavy Indian accent asked me if I had been to Northern California. Actually he said hadu bedin norda calibabba. It took several painstaking minutes to figure out what he was really saying and where he was from. He was my personal American Express rep from New Dehli... great! I explained that I had not been in norda calibabba in years so he said my card was now cancelled. Turns out I had ordered a phone from Verizon, the call center was in Northern CA but I never knew that. But it was too late my AmEx rep had pushed the button on my card and it was dead.I could call another number in New Dehli and order a new one which I did. I asked if my previous charges would clear and they assured me they would. Unfortunately Amazon took three more days to submit the charge and it was denied. I never knew this because Amazon never said anything to me. I expected Amazon to process my charge timely and if it had a problem they should have emailed me  instead of keeping it a secret. I was and remain very dissappointed. I am not sure I will ever do business with Amazon again. BTW it took over two weeks for AMEx to send me a new card. I have yet to use it and doubt I ever will.
Tried to surprise my college-student daughter with an e-card and gift certificate for her birthday.  The surprise was on me!!  It never arrived.  Customer Service couldn't send it either due to "technical difficulties." Got the claim code by phone, but my daughter couldn't redeem it for items bought from third-party sellers, contrary to what Amazon's website says.  I requested a refund and told her to charge the items.  Should have done that in the first place.  What a waste of time and energy!
I have always ordered gift certificates from amazon, however this year I have had only one problem after another. They can't even send an e-mail one out within 24 hours. Overall their help page is tedious and does not make it easy nor apparent to contact them. Unless Amazon rectifies this situation rapidly and offers some compensation for all the disgruntled customers, I suggest that you take your business elsewhere.
After reading the review about difficulty receiving gift certificates, and based upon the length of time it took me to find gift cert on your website, I decided to shop elsewhere
I read the reviews and thought the others that had problems were just not computer saavy.  Wow!  Was I wrong!  I have been on the computer for hours trying to order something for $50 and use the certificate.  The problems are multiple, but the bottom line is there isn't any easy way to get help with the issue.  No phone, no returns, no information, no help.  Forget it!  I have ordered many things from Amazon, but this experience has ruined my relationship and I will not do business with them again.Too bad.Patti
Amazon needs to shape up - why can't we use their Gift Certificates to pay for their MP3 downloads?
If there was a zero rating I would have done so.  I ordered the Gift Certificate to be mailed to my niece on 12/15 for Christmas.  She lives in the US, so wouldn't think there would be an issue.  She never received it, emailed customer service to send another, since I was stuck in HELP loop hell, trying to figure out how I could possibly email it to my brother for her instead of snail mail.  Had it mailed, not received, had it emailed to my brother, never received. I'm looking for a refund on this, do not know if I can, don't have the time to navigate thru the fine print and go through the contact customer service loop.
After receiving a Christmas Amazon Gift Certificate, I tried to make a purchase online by setting up an account, only to be told at the end of the transaction that the certificate I presented could not be used as the order was placed with another vendor.  BUT, they had the number in the system.  The next time I presented the number to buy some books (Amazon store) I was informed that the certif number had been used and did I want to apply the BALANCE.  Of course, the balance was zero and I lost the value of the "Gift Certificate."
I ordered the paper gift certificate for my fiance's birthday thinking it would be nicer than an e-card.  I ordered it 10 days before his birthday and it said it takes 3-7 days to come.  Well his birthday is tommorow, which is a sunday, so there won't be any mail, and I still haven't received his gift certificate.  Had I know it wouldn't really come in 3-7 days I would've just done the e-card.  I just hope that when it does come (if it comes), everything will work out okay. How aweful to say "Sorry, I don't have your gift" to him on his birthday!
Here are my issues:1.  Gift certificates purchased DO NOT appear in your purchase history.  It's impossible to tell what you've already sent, who you've sent it to, and whether or not you've already been charged (if the certificate e-mail is rejected).  I can see purchases made from Toys'R'Us through Amazon in my purchase history, but not gift certificates FROM Amazon?2.  When Amazon contacts you to let you know your e-Card has been rejected, they provide a link that allows you to start a NEW e-card, where you can attach a new gift certificate.  Because I was wary, I did not.  It turns out the gift certificate is sent separately and the e-card was the only e-mail rejected.  The certificate was delivered.  Again, I could NOT tell if I'd been charged so didn't know if I should buy another certificate.  In the end, the certificate was late by 2 days.3.  The email they send you notifying you of the rejection has a return address of "cards-help@amazon.com".  If you reply to this message (the address seems inviting, doesn't it?) you'll receive a kindly rejection letting you know they don't accept messages at this address.  Why not?  Everyone else sends a return address of "do-not-reply@company.com", or similar, if they don't want replies.  Is Amazon not that sophisticated?I'm very surprised to see this kind of thing from Amazon.  I had previously considered them a well run organization.
I thought I might just try to fly under the radar, and get good service. This was THE MOST AWFUL experience I've had buying a gift certificate. The certificate never arrived in my email. Called customer service and they were rude and dismissive. I ended up buying a NO HASSLE, gift certificate from Barnes and Noble. With immediate confirmation, no charge, and NO LIP. Amazon obviously has hired one of those "call centers" who don't give a ---- hoot? about their loyal customers...Believe the terrible reviews, they're accurate.
Boy was I suprised that the Toys R Us "Official Site" directed me to Amazon. Even more suprised when I found out my gift Certificate could only be used at Amazon.com and not a Toys R Us retail store. Buyer beware, read the fine print. This system sucks.
DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.Service s*cks!!!  Should have a 0 stars rating capability.No way to contact a human to resolve a gift certificate that stays in "Not sent yet" status.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.DON'T USE THE GIFT CERTIFICATE PROCESS.
I ordered the email gift certificate, which I needed immediately, and selected the "deliver today" option, but it was not delivered.  I emailed Amazon, which promises to respond to emails within 24 hours, but hasn't.  If these morons can't deliver on the committments made on their website, they don't deserve any more business.
The idea is a good one--the recipient can use the gift certificate to purchase practically any item that they could want.  The execution, however, is utterly HORRIBLE.  I've waited for over 2 days since my request was processed, and the person who I sent the gift certificate has still NOT received it.  I've even tried changing the recipient (sending it to myself, so that I could forward it on), and yet, nothing.Additionally, you can't contact customer service because it's basically non-existant.Save yourself the aggrevation and headaches associated with purchasing an Amazon gift certificate...JUST DON'T DO IT!!
I should have reviewed the ratings before I ordered a card and cert. on 12-22-05. NO response as of 5PM 12-23-05. How complicated can an order like this be? Two e-mails and a call to Amazon without a response. I am very dissappointed with a company I have come to rely upon.
Horrific service for trying to send a gift certificate.  You know how to take the cash in for orders but when it comes to a gift certificate, your response is disgraceful.  No response yet from my order.  Just embarrassment and egg on my face for trying to explain to someone that their gift card is on the way, when I know it isn't.This is sad and once again DISGRACEFUL
I'd like to be able to print out the gift certificate on my printer without amazon sending an email to spoil the surprise, but it looks like I can't do this.  Why not?
I'm a Prime member!!I ordered a 30.00 GC for my granddaughter..on Jan 5 with a e-card.She got the e-card never got  the GCSince it didn't show up on my account I presumed a glitch and reordered another on the 10th.By the 12th, she still hadn't  received it and still nothing on my account so I sent a thirdLate last week, on my account I am charged for all three. Which remain unclaimed.The family has checked every folder to find it and can't. I never got a notice that said they had ever been picked up.  Be cautious...because you can't even get any help... no phone number and no easy way to link to a solution.I will struggle to get my 90.00 back from my AMAZON Credit card.
I know it sounds like a good idea but please read this before you do.  This has got to be the worst customer service of any company I have ever dealt with.  First there is no # to call if you have a problem.  In my case I ordered a gift card, had it emailed to me, and never received it.  I found a web site with the # ([...]  When you call they will ask you about 20 questions to access your account, one being the last 5 numbers of my credit card and my expiration date.  You can guess what my answer to that question was!
Bought 3 items on same credit card in early December.  Got shipment confirmations by email for all three items next day.  Two items (books) arrived as expected.  Third item (paper gift certificate) never arrived.  Called customer service - got someone with heavy accent and very hard to understand.  Could not even understand when I asked him to repeat please.  Was told my credit card # had been rejected and the charge was cancelled.  I explained that I used the same credit card # to purchase two other items at same time (obviously not rejected for these).  Customer rep service rep did not care - said to call my bank to resolve problem - this was not an Amazon problem.  I asked for email confirmation that the charge in question had been cancelled so I could have a record of it.  Customer rep told me he could not to this - and that if I have a problem to take it up with my bank (again).  Either we were on different planets or he just did not care.  Probably both.For Amazon managers: This lousy service must be costing you customers - what are you thinking?For potential Amazon investors:  Warning - is anybody driving this ship?For everyone else: Caveat emptor
For the past 3 years I have used e-gift certificates from Amazon. I has worked perfectly each time. I am extremely dismayed to find Discover has been removed as an option this year. While it IS listed as an acceptable card to use, it does not display on your list of cards to choose. Guess I'll go elsewhere this year.
I had to retype this 3 times to keep the cussing, spitting and fuming out, and I have tried look at the problem objectively. In mid-April, I sent my niece a gift certificate that never arrived. The problem remains unresolved, with every communication coming from a different spot in the time/space continuum, or so it would seem. I have changed email address of the designated receiver, as directed by a faceless email response, and her parents took all controls and limitations off her email account (with potentially disastrous results.) Amazon insists her account number is invalid, and, in spite of the fact that they are wrong, they still insist that is the problem. Yesterday I changed the request to a paper certificate, nothing. They once again tell me that her email address is invalid, even though it is no longer even an issue. I searched in vain for a resend button, nothing. I faithfully followed all the steps spelled out on the website as well as in the scolding emails containing many insincere apologies but zero actual help, in addition to rebooting my computer and using different browsers more out of sheer frustration than any logic; still nothing. Today is June 26th, people, and the situation is a constant pain in the, er, neck.Chiefly, I am grateful to have learned never to trust Amazon.com's gift certificate department ever, ever, ever again. At the moment, I am still out $30. I guess education is not free. Did I mention I would never trust them again? What a shame. All we are trying to do is to be kind and generous to friends, relatives, and colleagues. Amazon is selling a product to some of their very best customers that, based on the large number of miserable ratings, is clearly defective and not well-supported.  That, in my opinion, is how we become former customers.
I have ordered a million things from Amazon without any problems so far.  This was my first time ordering an e-gift certificate for a friend's birthday.  I found it odd that she hadn't mentioned anything, so two weeks later I asked her about it.  She had never received it!  I just tried to have the gift certificate resent, but what a hassle.  Not to mention embarassing.  Will not order again.
I wouldn't go for the gift certificates now that I know but unfortunately I was a recipient of some of these certificates.  I redeemed them and saved them in my account thinking that when need arises, I'll use the cash I redeemed.  Turns out that the gift certificates expire in 2 years - even when they have been redeemed.  And I don't remember seeing this anywhere - they claim it's in the fine print.  They send me all kinds of promo mail but "conveniently" forget to send a courtesy reminder indicating that my redeemed certificates are about to expire.  Ulterior motives? I think so.  Why would someone give Amazon the money in advance for them to use it for free and then have their "money" expire.  I have had gift certificates and gift cards from local stores and big chain stores and they never expire.  So till they change this policy, I'm not buying another gift certificate from them and am recommending others not to venture either.
Although they say the e-cards can be sent to multiple recipients, Amazon requires you to fill in a name, which makes it so you have to do a separate order for each person. On top of that, it doesn't remember anything from the previous order so you end up having to fill in the same info for every order. It doesn't even remember the credit card info attached to my Amazon Visa. If they don't make some changes, this will be my last GC order from Amazon. Gift Certificates should not be this much hassle!
I ordered a certificate (e-card) to be sent on Dec. 23rd.  The recipient still had not recieved his gift on the 27th.  After emailing Amazon to see why the card had yet to be sent, they told me to go back to my account and cancel it.  Well, the instructions do not apply as there is no cancelling certificates unless you email the company again.Five stars for the idea, 1 for the execution.  Be aware that you need to check constantly to make sure your certificate was actually sent the day you requested it to.
What a hassle. I wanted to buy several Amazon gift certificates, but I find that I can only buy one at a time. I can't "Add to my shopping cart," and then purchase when I have them all there. Instead, I can only "buy now." I get one, enter the address, and add my credit card information. Then I have to go buy a second one, enter the address, and add my credit card information. For 10 gift certificates, I have to enter my credit card number 10 times! Why can't I buy more than one at a time?
While it may be easy for Amazon.com members to purchase gift certificates, we as non-members found them difficult to spend.  After several hours shopping and setting up an account that we didn't want, they charged our order to a credit card that they required to process an order!  Of couse there isn't a phone number to call either.
hello i happily recieved a amazon gift card but i must be pretty stuipd i can't redeem it i did  most of my holiday shopping on amazon happily most orders went through i coudn't resist some shopping for myself vaction birthday ect.but i can't clear my cart because i keep getting errors redeeming the card what the f
I have to use this place to say what I think of Amazon's service because, unlike for other sellers, they have no place to leave public feedback about their own quality of service.  I ordered five Christmas gifts on December 10, well before the cutoff date.  I have found out today that NONE of these gifts, not one, will arrive before Christmas.  I cancelled the entire order.  Seething with anger I was going to order a gift certificate as a very disappointed fallback until I skimmed through some of the reviews.  Some people are happy with the gift certificate service but many are not.  So I'm not joining the latter group.  I'm going to Barnes and Noble and buy my Christmas gifts in person.
I wanted to buy one $100 gift certificate for my son and went through all the steps and at the very end I got the message, "your purchase didn't go through, please try again." I then tried 3 more times before giving up. Later I found that I had purchased, through no fault of my own, four $100.00 gift certificates! Customer service was NO HELP AT ALL and would only communicate through email. I was amazed that I never got the chance to speak to a real person. NEVER AGAIN!
The interface seems like it is broken.  If you add more than one email address to let them know they've gotten the *same* gift, when you go to checkout you will see the amount of the gift certificate multiplied by the number of people you notified.  I was trying to send a gift certificate to a couple and had to spend way too much time figuring this out.  I tried to go to another company to order a gift card but they had paired up with Amazon...they need to get this figured out before they continue advertising how easy it is...
First let me state that neither myself nor my husband have ever had a problem with Amazon gift certificates before, although it has been a while since we have purchased them.My husband wanted to surprise me for our wedding anniversary with an Amazon gift certificate.  He had only wanted to send one and purchased it.  However, he was getting conflicting instructions from the website.  To make a long story short, he re-entered the information only to discovery that his bank account had been charged for two certificates, each for the same amount.  That was only the beginning of his problem.Our anniversary came and no email notification that I had been given any gift certificates from Amazon.  My husband called Amazon customer service and they explained that somehow he managed to order two of them.  OK, no problem, he said that he would give me two instead of one (bless his heart).Well, time past and still I receive no notification of any certificates.  Then, sometime yesterday, I get an email that there is an e-card for me.  I opened it up and it indicated a gift certificate would be forthcoming in another email.  It took another day for the actual certificate with the amount and claim number to appear.Now today I get a second e-card stating I will receive a gift certificate in another email.  Well, you guessed it--the other gift certificate has yet to appear.Did Amazon decide to turn over the function of gift certificates to another company?  If so, it is a HUGE mistake.  My husband has tried to get the ball rolling but to no avail.  Nobody seems to be able to do anything.So far I have gotten two e-cards and one certificate and am still waiting for the second one.  We have NEVER had this problem before.  If we indicated that a certificate be sent to someone even on the same day as ordered, there it was, with no problem whatsoever.  Now they seem lost in limbo somewhere.The whole thing is a sad joke.  What was to be an anniversary gift turned out to be a big disapointment for us both.  My advice--forget them and go to any other online store and purchase one there.It's a shame.  We have been long time customers of Amazon and this is the first time we have met with such bad service, delivery of a gift certificate and the feeling that somebody, somewhere has no idea what they are doing.I suggest Amazon look into this as something is definitely wrong.  I'm beginning to wonder if I will ever receive the second one at all.  What a shame that Amazon has fallen this far!
(updated 12/26)A lot of people have mentioned their success stories in using this service. They say that if you just buy the certificates THIS way and send them THAT way, everything is fine. But the problem is that, clearly, not every method of sending this certificates works as smoothly, and you shouldn't have to jump through hoops and make sure you buy and send in a specific way to make sure everything works properly.Here's the deal. I bought eight e-cards for my co-workers. I set up seven to deilver on the 22nd and one to deliver on the 20th, for a colleague who was leaving early for a Christmas trip home. But then I found out that another of my co-workers was leaving early, too, so I wanted to see if I could change the delivery date on one of the certificates slated for the 22nd. The customer service rep said ALL of the cards had already been sent. I explained that I set them up for later delivery. He put me on hold, checked the site, said he didn't even know Amazon offered that option, apologized, and said the certificates had already been sent. So what good is setting up a delayed delivery date?After further back-and-forth communication, I was also told that there was a "technical error" and that my certificates were sent without the e-cards that I had picked out. This was after customer service told me that I DIDN'T order e-cards, which I most certainly did.Ultimately, none of the certificates sent when they were supposed to. I had to send out an email to my colleagues at the end of the day on the 22nd telling them that they had gift certificates coming but that Amazon had botched the order. See, you'd think that if you selected delivery for the 22nd, the cards would arrive at some point during the day of the 22nd, right? Well, I got email comfirmation of delivery on these certificates in my mailbox ... time-stamped at 3 a.m. on the ***23rd***. That equates to midnight of the 22nd on the West Coast ... the VERY END of the 22nd. So keep in mind that if you select a later delivery date for your gift certificates and e-cards, they'll be sent at the very end of that day, not ON that day. The result for me was that nobody got their gifts until after Christmas, since we didn't convene again until the 26th and had already gone home for the weekend before the certifcates ever arrived.I use Amazon a lot, and it's reliable in almost every other aspect. I'm even a shareholder. But please don't buy gift certificates from Amazon, because the company has quite a few kinks to work out on this one (maybe they should take it in-house for starters), and the customer service seems more than a little confused.
I ordered a gift certificate for my brother-in-law before Christmas. The certificate arrived promptly and I put it in an envelope and put it in his Christmas package. The envelope with the certificate still in it was accidently gathered up with the wrapping paper and burned. I have been trying to get an answer from Amazon since the 18th of December on how to get the gift certificate replaced, but every response asks me to click on a web site address that comes up "not functioning". At this point, I would just like to have a good old fashioned phone number and real person to talk to so that I can get this straightened out and have the certificate re-issued and the old one cancelled or whatever needs to be done. If you know what I need to do to fix this problem, please contact me at sbrallier@plato.k12.mo.us.
I only gave the gift certificate 1 star because there is no "0" star option.  Order at your own risk, if you are expecting an immediately emailed gift card, as advertised.  I ordered 36 hours ago, was charged, and haven't received it yet. I even re-sent, emailed customer service, and called customer service twice.  Still, no gift card.  SHAME ON YOU, AMAZON.
I was shocked to be asked to supply a full credit number on an unsecured site to order an on-line gift certificate.  When I called the 800 number, the gentleman who answered told me not to be concerned.  Well, I am and I expressed my real concern on handling the transaction this way.As a returning customer, I have never had to re-enter credit card information.  Why the difference with the gift certificates?Secure servers, as I have always been told start with https:, not http:.  Telling a customer not to worry about entering very private information on a non-secured server is riduculous.  [...]I did not purchase my gift certificates, I'll look elsewhere.BTW, when I went to post this message my credit card information came up along with an identifier of https: - I can complain on a secured server, I just can't order a gift certificate on one.
We've tried to send and receive gift certificates from amazon for years now, and have had trouble with both. There is NO phone number anywhere on the site to actually contact someone and it is hugely frustrating to the sender and the reciever, having been both. We use (used to use) Amazon for ALL of our Christmas gifts, but will not in the future. Soo much money spent with this service, and not a single customer service pay back. Not to mention asking and paying for rush delivery and not receiving it. We contacted Amazon, but NEVER heard back. They should have apologized or credited us for the money spent on 1-3 day delivery when it was actually over a WEEK.
BIG MISTAKE!!!  I SHOULD HAVE BELIEVED THE REVIEWS I READ.  GETTING A GIFT CERTIFICATE EMAILED TO ME IS LIKE GARFIELD HAVING A LITTER OF KITTENS.  HOWEVER, IT WAS EXTREMELY EASY FOR MY CREDIT CARD TO BE BILLED, BUT NO ONE CAN FIND THE PERSON THAT HITS THE BUTTON TO GENERATE MY GIFT CERTIFICATE.  AND APPARENTLY THE PEOPLE IN THE SEATTLE OFFICE DON'T HAVE PHONES IN THEIR OFFICES.  SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!  I WOULD THINK THAT YOUR COMPANY COULD AFFORD TO GIVE THESE POOR EMPLOYEES TELEPHONES.  I GUESS YOU DON'T WANT TO HAVE TO PAY TO HAVE THEM TRAINED TO USE THEM.  YES, I'M UPSET.  I'VE JUST BEEN STRUNG ALONG.  AND NOW I GET TO WAIT AND SEE FOR ANOTHER "1-3 BUSINESS DAYS" TO SEE IF SOMEONE HAS LEARNED HOW TO SEND THAT EMAIL I'M WAITING FOR! I WON'T BE SO TRUSTING NEXT TIME.  I'LL JUST GO TO BARNES AND NOBLES.
Be careful with the email gift certificates!  The verbage is contradictory.  On the same form it lists two separate expiration dates.  One says the certificate is good for 18 months, including a 6 month grace period.  Then right beside that notice it tells you to spend the certificate within 6 months, and gives you a final expiration date (that includes the grace period) of 12 months from date of purchase.  Sort of embarrassing to give to someone.  I doubt I will order an Amazon gift certificate again!!
I placed my order at 8 AM and by 6 pm I still haven't gotten the certificates.I contacted customer service twice and they told me that my order will be sent in the next couple of hours.....Nothing happened.When I tried to cancel my order they informed me that they can't cancel it and I have to wait for the email containing the certificate codes. Finally after half an hour on the phone I spoke to a supervisor who informed me that she MIGHT be able to cancel my order and refund my money, but it will take a couple of days to do so.It's customer service at its worse. Completely disappointing
I have been buying stuff from amazon for about 5 years now(translate: giving them business).  Recently, I tried using 2 gift certificates from Amazon that my employer provided.  To my surprise, when I tried to redeem them, the Amazon web page said"These certificates have been redeemed".  So I called Amazon and provided them with the claim codes and *all* I requested was that if I used them accidentally in my last order, please tell me so that I know I am trying to use a invalid cert.  Amazon rep told me there is nothing she can do and it is my loss if certificate does not work.  Amazon seems to be run by hustlers from top to bottom.I dont understand why cant they just tell me if my cert has been used.  I am sure they have records of the gift certificates that people with accounts like me use (Otherwise they need to fire their IT people/customer svc ).For anybody reading this, please try ebay, overstock and other better sites where customer service is par excellence.Shame on amazon for stealing our money.
I purchased just one gift certificate which I chose to send by email and it never arrived.  After a few days I chose to resend it, and even that did not work.  The certificate was never sent out. Finally, over a week later, I decided to cancel the order all together because I was so frustrated.  It was definately not worth it.  If I had known it would've been such a hassle I wouldn't have wasted my time.
I sent the certificates, but never will again since I have a big family.  If you want to send individual certificates to family members living at the same address, it's a pain.  You can only send multiple certificates with individual messages for each person if you enter all your info, including credit card info, again and again and again and again . . . .More of a problem, however, there were numerous system glitches such as getting "Page Not Found" after hitting the "continue" button.  And after reading a few reviews here, I certainly wasn't going to chance sending them through the mail.  Contrary to one amazon apologist who gave a review here, these type of problems are not the product of uneducated or incompetent users.  They are systems problems originating with amazon which hopefully they will look into and fix.
Recently, a friend of mine sent me an email gift certificate.  That's great!  The problems started when the email was inadvertenetly deleted.  You cannot redeem a gift certificate without the claim code, and that is deleted with the email.I tried to go into my Amazon account to retrieve the information, but without luck.  I tried to contact someone to explain my problem, but I cannot find a way to contact an actual person by email.Sure, the e-certificates are easy, and convenient, but I think I will avoid them in the future, and I will advise my friends to do likewise.
I wanted to send an email gift certificate for a friend.  I ordered one and expected it to arrive within a week or so.  Well, it's been a month and a half and there's no gift certificate.  So, if you plan on sending a gift certificate, make sure you order it a few months in advance, so that it might actually arrive on time.
Buyer beware.  These gift certificates have an expiration date.  Which means if your recipient doesn't redeem the certificate in time Amazon just keeps the free money.  You would be better off sending money that will never expire or send gift certificates from retailers that honor their obligations with no expiration date.
I have been trying to complete this order for an e-card gift certificate for hours.  I have never had other trouble with Amazon, but this is *ridiculous*.  First it would not let me sign into my account, but then when I created a new account to complete my gift certificate order, it said I had 2 gift certificates in my cart (the first one was from when I tried to sign in with my original account).  There is no option or way in which to remove one of the gift cards like there is with a normal check-out.  I am frustrated and not going to continue trying to complete what you should be a very simple transaction.
I recently ordered a gift certificate for my niece's birthday Nov 10.  When I was there at Thanksgiving, I learned that she had never received it.  I have an order number, but am unable to find any prompts that allow me to communicate this problem.I am not able to reply to the confirmation email that was sent as an "auto confirm".There should be an "if all else fails" contact email address if the website prompts are not available to resolve this!
after i ordered 5 gift certificates i checked my account and found only two. worried that i wouldn't get all five by christmas, i reordered the three missing ones. all this worked fine but when later that evening all 8 showed up on my account, i called customer service to cancel the three extras. i was told it couldn't be done. JUST SEND CHECKS! folks can spend them anywhere.
You used to be able to apply your reward points towards these.  Since that has changed, in makes using my Amazon Visa much less appealing.  We will be going back to earning Delta miles on our other credit card.
My sister just sent me one with the optional e-card. I got the e-card with the cute message, for some unknown reason, the gift card with code is emailed separeately. Didn't get it.Not in the spam folders.Sigh
Caution folks! I ordered a $20 E-card gift certificate for my boss. I typed in my message and it previewed fine. It came through with text truncated and garbled...basically a mess. The email didn't have a claim code # nor did it say the value of the gift cert. I called Customer Service and they said "call back in two hours, we're having technical issues". AVOID AMAZON GIFT CERTIFICATES AT ALL COST!!
I also ordered twice a gift certificate by mail and never received it. After that, I opted for an e-certificate. Much faster delivery!
Updated (12/24) I am glad that others who have posted here got theirs as expected but that is not the case for me.  It has been over 36 hours and I still have not received it. Again, I have no email filters that would prevent me from getting it (believe me, I know what I am talking about since teaching technology is my profession).  In addition, I checked my credit card account online and saw I was immediately charged for the GC amount on 12/22 so there was no charge approval problem, either.Amazon Customer Service has been very helpful, though and emailed me a message with the GC code so I can at least print that out and give it to my son today for his birthday.  It is not the same though as the nice looking certificate shown on the web page but it will work.According to the email message with the code from Amazon, the GC's are actually issued and sold by A2Z Gift Certificates, Inc..  I am assuming there is sometimes a problem with this company getting the information or emailing the certificates - who knows but if you decide to get a GC, email it to yourself to make sure it arrives and if you need it right away but do not get it in a reasonable amount of time, say 4-6 hours, contact Amazon Customer Service using the Call Back option so they can help you out with a work-around to make sure your gift recipient at least has the code number so they can use it.  Please note that during the order process you do not get the GC code so without the certificate or the email with the code, you will have no record of what the code is, which is needed for the recipient to make a purchase with the GC.1st post 12/23 - After reading the reviews, I decided to send the email gift certificate to myself. I know for a fact there are no email filters that will prevent me from receiveing it. It has been nearly 12 hours since I ordered and I have not yet received it. I contacted customer service a few minutes ago (btw, the callback option worked great!) and was told it is policy that the the certificate will arrive within 24 hours. My son's birthday is tomorrow so IF it does arrive today, no problem but if you are considering this for a last minute Christmas present, do not think you will get it within a couple of minutes or a few hours, it could be much longer.  I don't get what the problem is that these gift certificates can't be issued as soon as the payment is approved.  I buy often on Amazon and have never had problems so am very surprised they have created such a mess with this.  A 24 hour delay (if I even get it)for a gift certificate is ridiculous!
Unfortunatly, having had wonderful online experiences with Amazon in the past I did not follow the advice of so many of the other reviewers and sent had the certificates sent directly to the recipients. BIG HUMONGOUS MISTAKE. I sent the certificates the week before Christmas and by the first week of January they still had not been received. If you're not going to send the certificates to yourself in an e-card then send to your recipient DONT BOTHER TO SEND AT ALL.  This is by far the worse online experience I have ever had.
I scheduled a gift certificate/e-card to be sent on September 9th for my brother's birthday. Didn't arrive until September 10th, but it was only the e-card. Tried resending several times. Finally on September 11th, 3 of the resends showed up - the last one being valid, thank goodness! How hard can this be!
Though this policy is clearly stated on the guidelines, it is unclear to me why Amazon refuses to replace lost cards. Surely they keep computer records which indicates whether or not a gift certificate number has been used. In our case, we are "good" customers, spending a great deal on money at Amazon, year after year. So when my daughter lost her card, I guess I expected some assistance. Why can't they resend the number? They have our money, after all.
I ordered a gift card to be sent to me. It has been two weeks, and no sign of it. Not only that, but I can't figure out how to follow up on the status of it (not as easy to track as product purchases). I read some warnings not to do the gift card route through amazon, but thought the company had been so dependable with book shipments, that I would take my chances. Wish I hadn't--they were efficient at charging my credit card--but not on delivering it!!! DON'T DO AN AMAZON.COM gift card through the mail
After I read several reviews that these gift certificates weren't being received by people, I hesitated before making my purchase.  Unfortunately I did end up purchasing a Christmas gift certificate for my brother-in-law on December 14th to be sent on December 25th.  He still hasn't received it.  I tried to cancel the order today but was told I couldn't.  However, the customer service rep was able to give me the claim code. Hopefully it will work when my brother-in-law tries to use it!Needless to say, I do not recommend purchasing gift certificates from Amazon.
I ordered a book and four electronic gift certificates.  The book and one of the certificates were delivered.  Somehow the expiration date on my credit card was altered on three of the certificates, resulting in the card being declined.  The FIRST I KNEW OF THIS was when I contacted customer service after hearing from one of the recipients that nothing had been received.  Not ONE WORD from Amazon about a problem with the credit card.  I have been a customer of Amazon for many years, but no longer.  I do not recommend them.
I ordered a e-card and gift certificate from Amazon with much trepidation given the poor rating, thinking that they have corrected the problems of the past.  But nooooo!  I requested a certificate be sent on Dec 18 and ordered it on the 10th.  My account showed that it was sent the 10th.  I contacted Amazon to see why it was sent early.  The e-mail return said all was fine, it was sent on the 9th.  Impossible since I ordered it on the 10th.  I made a call to Amazon and they told me that the e-card was sent on the 10th but that the gift certificate would be sent on the 18th as originally requested?  Why would they not be sent together?  Too logical I guess.  At any rate I called again on the 18th to see if the certificate was actually sent.  It wasn't!  I will never do this again, and hope that you will be smarter that I, and do the same.
I'll admit that I didn't read the fine print but, you should make it CLEAR that you can't buy MP3's with Amazon gift certificates or enable us to buy MP3's. I bought my daughter a gift certificate so she could buy the MP3's that she wants with out needing my credit card for EVERY SONG (which is another headache). So thanks Amazon for making it clear before I went and bought this c#$%^py gift certificate for my daughter I'm sure you just made a customer for life in her as well.
I can't believe Starbucks charges $2.99 to send a gift card!!!  What a rip off! I will tell everyone I know.  Not that they would care anyway.  But I know I will NEVER give starbucks as a gift card again!!
Poor set up for delivery.  The option should be available to choose an E-card rather than the plastic card through the mail.  It would be received instantly and the wait to receive through the mail would no longer be an issue.  Disappointing because most companies do offer E-cards .........get with it Amazon.
What a scam!Amazon should have their own gift card mailing out center instead of using a third party for many reasons.1.  it takes at least 7 days for delivery when it is only a gift card to be sent out2.  you can not include a happy birthday message in it or even say who it is from ----so nothing to slow down the sending of item.and not being able to personalize it screws it all up !!!!!!3.  the sat I order the Starbucks card also order another item from amazon and it was received immediately on MondayAmazon is too good of a company to put up with second rate suppliers . . .  .I hope!if not - - - at least be honest with your customers with a notice on their front page of what the deal really is- - - - -easier to buy card at Starbucks or wherever and send it than put up with this . . .
Never received it.I had to cancel and get reimbursed. Pretty upset about it because I was planning on using the card for a road trip
I received a Starbucks gift card as a Christmas gift and for close to two weeks I have tried to place an online order and keep getting the message that due to "maintenance" gift cards can not be accepted as payment for purchases and to try again at another time...Absurd!!!!!
I bought this as a gift, as it's a gift card. But, seriously $3 for shipping on something I could have bought at the starbucks around the corner and mailed with a stamp. Yawn. I hate Starbucks and how little my friend will be able to buy with it because it's starbucks. And, the fact that I got taken to the cleaners to have someone else send it to arrive, get this -- maybe LATE LATE next week. Nah, not falling for this crap scam again. Sorry, nice to have &#34;services&#34; in this world, but this ain't one of them.
DO NOT BUY A GIFT CARD FROM HERE.  IT IS A BIG RIP OFF.  I PAID FOR A $25.00 CARD AND RECEIVED A CARD WITH A $21.50 BALANCE ON IT.WHAT A CROCK
Took way too long to get gift card in the mail.  Would of been alot faster and cheaper to of purchased the card myself at the local store or cvs for that matter, and send it via snail mail.  I purchased this Sunday and Thursday it still has not left the factory.
I purchased the cards and gave them as Christmas presents.  When they took them to the store to use them, the cards were not activated and so I paid to get nothing in return except embarrassment to the people I gave them to because they didn't work.