I have been buying Amazon gift cards and using them for the purchase of gifts for birthdays and now for Christmas. I had just bought three hundred dollars worth and when I went to use them one did not work. I went to "chat" and was told that it was not active and to take it back to the store where I had gotten it. O.K. Twenty dollars in gas and an hour to tell the lady that it was not activated and it was exchanged for another one. NOT AGAIN> does not work either..... "chat" Not activated. I tried the card right there in front of the cashier on my phone and it would not go into my account. Could not return until I had it for 24 hrs to see if it would work!!! Now I have to wait another day to pay for more gas, and then pay for faster shipping to get the product before the birthday, and only if this card will work. I might have been fooled once by the ease of Amazon, but NOT AGAIN!!!! I am out 150 dollars for a 100 dollar card. No more store bought Amazon cards, I will just continue to get them online. The way the store bought cards are done really make Amazon look bad!
Amazon needs to make some major adjustments to their gift cards. First, the scratch-off material does not come off easily and is apt to smear, preventing one from even getting to the code. Second, if you succeed in getting to the code, it is in a miniscule font such that it is almost impossible to figure out the numbers/letters. Great idea; poor execution.
I received an Amazon Gift Card as a workplace gift in August 2012.  I'd previously ordered many products through Amazon with no problems.  After placing my order using the gift card I could immediately tell the system hadn't applied my gift card to the order.  After a couple of emails and one extended phone conversation I was told by Amazon CS on 8-10-12 that my gift card amount would be credited to my credit card.  I checked with my bank on 8-22-12 and no credit was posted.  I once again contacted Amazon CS and got yet another email reply saying my gift card amount would be applied to my credit card, in 4 or 5 business days.  Exactly what I'd already been told back on August 10.  I have yet to see any satisfactory resolution from my customer service runaround.
I am very thankful that I read the full terms and conditions on the Gift Certificates before I bought one because it saved me from wasting money. As other people have stated, Amazon Gift Certificates are not good for anything that is downloaded. This includes Amazon's MP3 and Unbox services.I don't understand the motives for not allowing MP3 and Unbox downloads to be purchased with a Gift Certificate, but I do know that it will keep me from giving MP3 downloads as a gift this Christmas. It would be great if Amazon changed their policy, but until then do be aware of those restrictions.
Just a warning for people ordering gift certificates (the old-fashioned paper printout kind) as Xmas gifts. Last year I ordered a gift certificate for my mother-in-law. I placed the order on Dec. 15 thinking that 8-9 days would be sufficient time to receive the certificate in the mail. It was Jan. 3 before I received it in the mail. She loved the gift and enjoyed shopping on Amazon, but I felt really bad that I didn't have her gift on Xmas day.
Title says it all. I had to call Amazon to get them to re-send the gift certificate redemption email. Overall, the experience was a pain and I would caution anyone planning to order a gift certificate online.
My daughter and I ordered "paper" gift certificates and had them sent to my son (her brother)in another state as Christmas presents for their four children. I thought the paper certificates could be taken into Toys R Us for redemption. I did not read the fine print.  Gift certificates must be used on-line at Amazon.com only.  My son and daughter-in-law don't even own a computer!  I could not have made things more difficult for them 15 days before Christmas.  I can only hope that once they gain access to a computer, that Amazon.com provides them with free, super quick delivery.  A lesson learned.  Read the fine print.
This system may work great for most but for the ones that drop between the cracks--heaven have mercy.  My Christmas was marred by a death in the family and many strained relationships. the last thing I needed was to get out on the web and wade through this. I worried about the sender loosing the money if I didn't use the electronic certificate and sure enough, there is no provision to return the money under any circumstances. Just finding this much out was a study in fine print until I found a last page. I don't find a gift I need. I am forced to use my credit card if it exceeds the gift's price. I am confused by their insistance that I buy a first credit card from them and get a discount. I am cautious of confusing the gift transaction by doing this. Plus I don't need another credit card to keep track of. I also may be my own worst enemy by not recording previous numbers needed to enter this site. My previous one didn't seem to work after I finally found it. You should review your whole instructions section- What a study in superfluity with no bottom line. Gimme a local store and a few bills to pull from my pocket every time.  PS Nothing is simple. Before I can sign off this thing I am supposed to compose a pen name or use my real one- that sounds risky to me--now what else maybe I time out?? Now they insist on my credit card information. I am still trying--When asked to rate the square keeps going back to blank for the 1 I am trying to give it. One more time--
Very bad experience:1. Items all arrived too late for my needs and only after I insisted;2. 1 item never came;3. Customs clearance cost me almost as much as 4 books and shipping all together. There is a convenient absence of information about this important issue.Probably the first and last experience with Amazon.Back to the traditional book store.Regards,Paulo Ortigo de Oliveira
I sent an e-card, gift certificate sending the same card to 3 different e-mail addresses using the comma between the addresses.  The on line e-card allowed you to put a message to the people you were sending them to. Not knowing that I would not be allowed to send a different message to each individual address, the e-card went to each one addressed to the name on the first e-mail.  I am totally embarrassed.
Fixing a problem with an order was extremely frustrating.  I recently sent an Amazon gift certificate to an e-mail address which I later discovered was no longer valid.  1.)  I was NOT notified by Amazon that the E-Gift could not be delivered.  2.) When I discovered the problem on my own and attempted to contact Amazon about the problem, I had a very bad experience trying to get a "fix".  3.)  For some period of time I could not even get the Amazon site to acknowledge that the E-Gift was among my recent orders (After several futile attempts I signed off the site and then returned and the item "mysteriously" then appeared.)  4.  I could find no way to have a "paper certificate" sent instead so I eventually had to send the certificate to myself so I can then print it and mail it to the eventual recipient.Overall, options for solving order problems are limited and frustrating to use.
you would think amazon would have a better system for these e-gifts. if they dont have a phone number for customer service,then they should go away with gift certificates--its too risky
The gift certificates were easy enough to purchase, but I did not realize how difficult it would be for the recipients to redeem them.  After sending my second one to the same family (one month apart, two different people but the same email address), I learned that there was a delay in receiving their claim code -- and in the case of the first one, the recipient requested the claim code but didn't receive it.  She then had to CALL about the problem and got a cavalier response such as "Oh, yeah, we'll do that," before she eventually received the claim code.
I ignored the negative reviews about buying a gift certificate and I still proceed purchasing gift certificate to see it for myself.  Guess what, I also have a problem receiving my gift certificate!  It wasn't in my junk mail neither I deleted it by any chance.  Two days passed and I didn't receive my gift certificate yet so I have to research for their number to call!  They were able to give me the code but it was a terrible experience for me.  So much hassle.  Next time I am just walking into a store and buy other gift certificates!
I had two gift certificates totaling $45 and when I went to use them, the Amazon website said they were already used.  Customer service was good about giving me credit for them, but it seems pretty shady that they would test your memory like that- if I hadn't been so sure that the gc's were unused I might have conceded the $45 instead of bitching to customer service.  Also, if you give this as an e-gift, you might want to follow it up with a e-minder- the email gc's have a way of getting forgotten in the inbox and become worthless after 18 months.
I purchased an e-card from Amazon.com to be sent to my e-mail address so I could purchase a book for my friend ASAP.  Seeings how it simply needed to be e-mailed, not shipped, I was  very disappointed when I found my card hadn't been sent the next day.  Not only that, It still wasn't there three days later.  Also, I was never sent an e-mail confirming my order.  Since I hadn't recieved my e-card and I needed it ASAP I wanted to cancel the purchase and purchase a different one at Barnes & Noble.  Stupid thing is... I can't even cancel it.  Now I'm stuck waiting for an e-card and they don't even give me an estimated time of arrival.  I have no idea when to expect it.  If you want a gift card, it's a good idea but don't expect it anytime soon.  If you find an item LOW IN STOCK I suggest finding another payment method.  However, if you have the time to wait there shouldn't be a problem.
While the international Amazon stores are more than willing to accept my log in information and retrieve my US shipping information, they will not recognize my gift certificate.
Gee, You Guys. Was gonna buy My son a GC from Amazon, but have changed My mind. Thank goodness for this review section. I,ve ordered lots of items from Amazon with no problems to date, but I'm forgetting this GC business. Who needs the aggravation?
I was trying to send a Gift Cert. to my Brother for Christmas.  Everything was going fine until I got to a question "Music" or "No Audio".  I was thinking that my brother would like to pick a couple of audio books.  I don't understand why Amazon would limit what the Gift Cert. is for with a selection of Music and No Audio.  Tried to find a phone number to call Customer Service to ask how I could skip the limitation.  After one hour searching and getting nothing I gave up and did not place the order.  Too bad.  I have really enjoyed the service in the past!
With nine grandchildren, ages six to eighteen, living in CO, NC, TX and FL I felt the Amazon gift certificate would make my life easier.  Birthdays, Christmas and any other excuse my wife can find require some sort gift for the kids.  Problem solved!I tried it in April and it worked.  Preparing to send the next gift certificate I read about thirty of the reviews on the site.  The number of problems and issues raised have caused me to rethink using the gift certificates.Amazon is great and I use them all the time for specific items and couldn't be happier with the service and pricing but I'm going to avoid the gift certificates til the problems are resolved.
I don't have a great memory, but after my most recent problems with Amazon gift certificates I now recall the mess I had last time I tried to send one.A couple days ago I realized I needed to buy a birthday present in a hurry, so a gift certificate seemed like an ideal solution.  It seemed easy enough to send but my brother (the recipient) had changed his email address, so he never got the certificate.  No problem  - I'll just resend to the correct address.This is where the problems started.I couldn't find the order by searching "Open & recently shipped orders".  After some frustration I tried "Orders shipped in the past 6 months" and there it was!  I guess an order shipped less than 24 hours ago doesn't qualify as "recent".I then found out I couldn't resend the e-card; only the gift certificate.  Sigh... a minor disappointment.It asked me to retype my credit card information "for security purposes".  This, after I logged in with my user name & password.  The screen assured me I wouldn't be double-billed, but with the Amazon web site problems I'm not very confident.Then it would not accept my credit card information.  I double & triple-checked that it was the same one (the only one I've used in the past 3 years) and carefully typed the info over and over again, with no luck.So I'm stuck.  I missed my brother's birthday and his gift certificate is in limbo.I'm usually pretty satisfied with Amazon's customer service, but their gift certificate scheme is half-baked.  Do yourself (and your recipients) a favor and avoid it!
I would buy many of these gift cards except for the fine print.  It says must use within 2 years of purchase.  Why?  You still get my money.  Not fair.Here is the fine print:Gift certificates and unused portions of gift certificates should be spent within 18 months from the date of issuance, which is the "spend by" date included on the gift certificate. Gift certificate holders will be given an additional 6-month grace period to spend their gift certificates, and gift certificates and unused portions of gift certificates will expire two years from the date of issuance, which is the "expires" date included on the gift certificate.*
Strange.Have they done something different with their system, I wonder?Perhaps they are getting too big too fast?In the past I had no problem with sending certificates.  No issues at all.So, for a birthday this year I did it again.The day before his birthday I choose an ecard certificate, and chose delivery the next day (his birthday).It never came.When he didn't mention the gift, I finally had to ruin the gift surprise by asking if he'd gotten an email from me or amazon.com.He hadn't.When I checked my account status, it said it hadn't been sent.(This was 7:30pm on his birthday -- more than 24 hours after it had been paid for.)I contacted customer service (after going through what someone else correctly dubbed "Help System Circle Hell" (or such).They didn't get back to me until the next day -- and provided no reason for the problem.They just said they'd resend it.So, looking at his email now, we can see TWO email deliveries.And they are both the day AFTER his birthday.I am not sure I would do this again.And I see MANY other people have had the same problem.A gift is not the same when you have to spend the day wondering why the recipient hasn't thanked you (and them probably wondering why you aren't acknowledging them with a gift of some sort)... and then finally having to flat out say "did you get an email from amazon.com?"Not a good experience.
I think gift cards, especially e-gift cards are a great idea.  I have purchased many, many cards, but today was my first experience with Amazon.  It will probably be my last.  I give it two stars b/c of the ease in filling out the forms required.  However, I have filled out those same easy forms 3 times already, and have yet to see any results...the system crashes just after I try to pay for the gift certificates!  Sorry, Amazon, you lost a customer.
Well, I thought since I am already a member of Amazon.com and I buy books at least once a week without any problems that the email gift certificate would be a breeze.  I even had the gc sent to my email because of the other reviews.  Well, it took all day, I had to resend the gc 3 times and it never came to my usual email I have registered through amazon.  I finally had to resend the gc to my yahoo.com account and finally got it.  I definately read the reviews before I bought it, but thought it would be fine because I am already an amazon customer.  Something that should have been "instant" endend up causing me a lot of grief and a few hours.  Not worth the hassle at all!!
I sent gift certificates to my brother in laws and they both said that they thought it was junk mail.  They almost tore them up because it looked like a credit card application.  The process itself was ok but the presentation was lacking.
I purchased an e-mail gift certificate as a birthday present for my son.  Although I had read comments about people having problems receiving their order, these comments were from a few years ago and I assumed that Amazon had since corrected the problem.  I have never had a problem with an order from Amazon and an electronic gift certificate should be no problem at all, right?  Wrong!  I knew there was a problem when we hadn't received the gift certificate within three days, despite my order status showing that it had been delivered.  I wrote to customer service and asked that it be resent.  We then received a note that indicated that it was resent.  Again, no gift certificate.  Finally my wife called customer service directly and described the problem and had the gift certificate sent to another e-mail address (although there was no blocking applied on the original address).  We did finally receive the gift certificate, although it took five days.  Now my son is using the credit and all is well.  However this should not have taken as long as it did for the gift certificate to be sent, so keep this in mind if you are expecting quick turnaround from Amazon.
Nowhere does it say under "redeeming gift certificates" that when you enter it under "available funds" that this does not apply for mp3 downloads! Consequently, you are charged on a credit card when you order, even though it claims under 1-click that you can modify it. Be aware that even if you have a large available balance on your account, you will still be additionally charged to your credit card if you order mp3s. I wish I had read the reviews before trusting the system...OTOH, the certificates work well for other merchandise. This discrepancy is utterly annoying.
I purchased a gift certificate a week ago, and unfortunately the recipient deleted it by mistake thinking it was spam. You do seem to have the option of resending the gift email once (the recipient deleted again by mistake!) but after that you rely on Amazon to resend, so now I'm in the situation of waiting for someone in their help department to respond - and after 4 days  (a hell of a lot longer than the 24hours they aim for) I've still had no reply - and it's getting very close to christmas. Strongly recommend you make sure that whoever is getting the certificate knows about it and that you leave plenty of time. And - AMAZON CAN YOU PLEASE HURRY UP AND SEND MY CERTIFICATE - I'VE LEFT YOU TWO EMAILS ALREADY!!!!
I ordered a gift card for a friend and found the process remarkably user-unfriendly. Isn't there something that (Yale educated) Jeff Bezos can do to alleviate customer problems with Amazon gift cards? Aren't there "best business practices" for this sort of thing?To be blunt, ordering a gift card from Amazon is quite unlike ordering a book or CD from Amazon.  Gift card orders utilize a different system, with its own logic and rules--which customers slowly uncover as they navigate the process--from ordering, to checking an order, to verifying/confirming order, to complaint resolution.
I've never bought a gift certificate on Amazon and was surprised you could not just print it out after buying it.  I chose to have it mailed, but was hoping to be able to print something - anything - to put in the envelope but Amazon doesn't give you any nice certificate that can be printed out.  Only after coming to the review to complain about this did I see that the workaround is having the certificate emailed to yourself, but the fact that Amazon does not have this set up when you're acutally buying the certificate is just silly.
I was going to purchase a gift certificate for my brother, but the reviews here scared me off.  I do have a suggestion for Amazon though, assuming someone there might read this.  You only offer 2 choices, email or snail mail.  How about this... it would have been really nice if I had the option to print the gift certificate on my printer and include it in a birthday card that I could either mail myself or hand deliver.  I'm quite amazed that this option is not offered.  It seems obvious to me that some (a high % of) people would want to do this.  That way, they have something they can give instead of it just showing up in their mail from some third party.  Also, the buyer has immediated confirmation that the order went through.
I ordered three Christmas gift cards, and only received a Thank- You-for-your-order e-mail from Amazon. When I never received a Sent Confirmation, I inquired and found out that they had cancelled my order without informing me because of a glitch in processing my credit card. Much to my dismay I found it VERY difficult to find a customer service phone number listed ANYWHERE on Amazon's website (and I know it's because they want to do everything by e-mail). It was only after I had to send an e-mail inquiry about the status of my order, wait for a reply which told me that they had cancelled my order, and then respond Yes or No to Did we handle you inquiry, that I was given access to the customer service phone number.I was told that I had to re-enter my order--now it's 2 days before Christmas. The order procedures are not nearly as easy and clear as they used to be a few years ago. It's sad that Amazon has gotten so big that they no longer care about making a customer-friendly experience for their customers.The gift cards are great and convenient for last minute gifts--unless they cancel your order and don't tell you, that is!
Not attractive in appearance.Looks like a copy of one.Could be a lot more impressive looking.Took a week to receive.
The Amazon gift card was a great surprise.  There are plenty of things to use it on, however, the shipping fees in most cases were more than the purchases.  One item I choose was $22.00 and the shipping was $30.00.  I live in Ca. and the Item I choose was comming not more than 300 miles from my house.  I ordered a pair of earring for my daughter for $6.50 and the shipping was 5.95.  They were shipped not more than 90 miles from my home.  I've had the gift card since the 14th of Feb and have not used the whole gift card.  Each time I go to purchase an item I look at the shipping cost and say forget about it.  Great gift not really useful though.
Okay, so I read the reviews and figured I had a 50/50 shot at having everything work out okay.  My first mistake was thinking that I would be one of the lucky ones!  I did take some of the advice (and I suggest you do too).  I did have the e-card or gift certificate or whatever sent to my e-mail address so I would know that it was received and so I could personally forward it to the birthday person.  Thank you all for that advice as I did not received it!!  I went into my Amazon account the next day and saw that I could re-send it and I thought "great, that's easy"!  I didn't receive the certificate the second time either.  Now, I had to figure out how to get in touch with Amazon, sit on hold, have the person helping me get a code from their supervisor (all of this took about 12 minutes) and then I was told it was sent.  I told them I was in my e-mail and it was not in there, so.... they sent it again and I FINALLY received it.  I don't think I'll purchase anymore from them.  I just don't have the time to follow up on them!
Problem is that the unused part of certificate can't go back to giver.Or could go to charity of choice.There should be an Amazon system to address the problem of negative feeling due to either overspending or underspending.
It has been 10 days, and I have not received my paper gift certificate.  My inquiry to customer service was unsatisfactory.  They sent me a form letter indicating the certificate would take 3-5 days for delivery.  I am not very pleased right now.  I cannot do the email certificate, as I do not know the email address of the person I am sending it to.
I think it's unfair to have to pay an outrageous $2.99 on the shipping of a gift card.  This is not right and I won't buy one again - too high of a shipping fee especially when other gift cards don't charge any shipping at all.
Can get this just as easily at the Starbucks drive thru as via this way. Didn't prove any easier or cheaper to do it this way.
It would'nt let me  write a message saying who it was from. It was a gift and they prob don't even know who sent it.
I ordered one of these cards before and received the full amount which is good.However this time when I ordered 50 dollars i received 31.12 dollars instead!This is nearly a 20 dollar difference!Buying this card is a gamble so be careful.I would not recommend it. Just buy a legit one.
I bought one of these and got it in the mail, opened it up and read the paper with the card attached..." 25.00 Starbucks gift card with a balance of 21.50". They took the shipping out it or what!? I wasn't pleased with that. I got this for a birthday gift! I won't buy from them again!