Editing gift card information - adding, deleting or changing individual gift cards - on the wish list would be useful. As I couldn't check the recipients or other selections of cards on the list after adding them, I had to delete the list and start all over to make sure what I wanted would be correct.
I purchased an amazon Gift card for my sister who lives on the other side of the country. I wanted her to receive an actual gift card in the mail with a birthday card + message which was purchased with the gift card and shipped next day air.  The birthday card arrived on time but was sent as a blank empty card along with the gift card separately and my sister had no idea who had sent it until I asked her about it. It arrived without the message I had put with it. The gift card itself is excellent... I have received them myself in the past and they can be used to purchase anything at anytime.  The gift card is great... sending it as a gift in the mail, the birthday card was not.
The gift cards come in handy for people who shop online
Generally I think these gift certificates make terrific gifts, especially with the range of merchandise available--literally, something for everyone. I've never had any problem redeeming my Amazon gift certificates. As for the Borders gift cards, I experienced the same problems many others of you have complained about on this site. But then I learned that you must have cookies enabled when you're on the Borders site. If you don't have cookies enabled, you'll get bounced off the "Borders Teamed with Amazon" pages and into Amazon--and your Borders gift card won't apply there. Just make sure every page you're on reads, "Borders Teamed with Amazon" at the very top, or you're not on the Borders site any longer. Once I knew that, redeeming was a snap.
Even if the gift idea is quite an interesting service - and could even be used by international brokers to gauge on the Euro-Dollar change :-) - I found quite annoying the impossibility to check whether the intended recipient used the certificate (or even received it) without asking them - as Amazon clerks bluntly suggested me.Perhaps it may be due to an European bias on my part that my be lost to American people, but it puzzles me how people would not find rude to ask someone if she has received a present thus alleging she might in fact have received it but failed to thank!
I like to send email gift certificates to relatives in the family. It lets them order what they like. I save on postage, lines in stores, wrapping, packing boxes and snail mail. My gift always arrives on time!However, the Amazon site is NOT user friendly. It does not remember my addresses in a way that I can reuse them easily. It lets me send multiple email gift certificates but only with the exact same name and message to all. When I need to change the message for 2 of them, it cuts off the order. I end up having to enter 3 different orders to send 7 gift certificates. Each time, I have to re-enter my ID, password, and credit information. It is extremely user unfriendly. This aspect of the site has not improved or been updated the last 3 years.Amazon should look at Harry and David's web site to see how a user friendly site works. I can order 10 gifts to 10 different addresses in a fraction of the time. It remembers my addresses. I only enter my personal information once.I hope Amazon improves the site by this time next year.
It was great ordering a gift certificate online and getting almost immediately although it did go into my spam file.  I am glad I read reviews about people not getting them so I knew to check.  I sent the gift to myself so I was able to make sure it was received.  I don't know if I would send to someone who wasn't aware it was coming.
I'm a regular Amazon shopper (mostly books) and I've received a few gift-certificates in the past around the holidays.  Never had any trouble redeeming those but something seems amise here with all the negative feedback.  As an IT guy it bothers me to hear excuses like "technical difficulties"... sounds like a "catch-all" excuse to cover up a process that is just not working correctly... Anyway, I'll continune to buy online... but there are enough negative comments here to convince me the gift-certificate route is a real no-no.  My thanks for those who took the time to provide their feedback.
I have sent several gift certificates over the years.  Have never had them "lost" but the checkout convenience is awful and it takes many hours for the e-certificate to arrive.Amazon should bring this system in-house instead of outsourcing.Other than that this is a great way to send gifts.
What could be better?  You can get just about ANYTHING on Amazon.I only wish there was an option for the purchaser to download a gift certificate (with, presumably, some code number registered in Amazon's DB) and print it locally on my color printer and wrap it up and hand-deliver it on Christmas morning.  Sending it by email (or U.S. Post) doesn't quite fill that bill.
I sent an online gift certificate to my cousin last week to her email address.  She called to thank me, so I know that she received it.  I sent one to my step mom for Mother's Day and decided to send it to my own email address (gmail) in case she thought it was SPAM and deleted it.  Like many of the reviews here, I never received it.I went onto the amazon website and found a link to re-send the email.  I decided to send it to the same email address that I receive amazon email confirmations to (hotmail).  This time I received the email.HOWEVER...  the nice greeting card I chose to go along with it, with a personalized greeting, did NOT accompany the gift certificate.  Certainly, I would rather my step-mom receive the gift certificate than the greeting card, but why can't she have both?Come to think of it, I have no idea if my cousin ever got her birthday greeting accompanying her gift certificate.Sigh...
As with many last minute shoppers, I would like to be able to give someone something tangable when possible; even if it is something produced by the computer's printer. I would like to be able to print the certificate so that it may be under the tree Christmas day. Currently, there is no such feature. A printed certificate would also reduce the risk of someone electronically stealing the certificate. Another poor feature with the Amazon.com Gift Certificates are the limited places they can be redeemed. Other than that, they are a nice gift idea.
i gave 3 stars instead of 1 because i used it successfully last christmas, the email gift certificate arrived on time, and also because it only took one day for amazon to straighten out the current problem instead of more (i had been told 1 to 5 business days, and they fixed it on a  Sunday).  Anyway because it had worked in the past, i counted on it as my birthday gift to my daughter, and on her birthday i bought and sent the gift certificate.  The next day i called to ask if she got it, assuming she had, but she  knew nothing about it.  I went to my amazon account to see what was going on and my account was blocked, my email address was not recognized. i called amazon and was told they were not able to get into the account to see what the problem was, just something about my bank records not matching their info, not something i wanted to hear, without the ability to check into it further.  They said someone would get back to me in 1 to 5 business days.  So much for my having counted on being able to give this to my daughter for her birthday. At my request the order was cancelled. I requested an email verification of the order cancellation and received one.  The following day (which is today) i got an email (automated) apologizing for the inconvenience and asking me to try placing my order again.  I would like to place the order but  i am afraid to try. I don't really want to have my account blocked. But  i am going to try.  here goes...
Last year, my husband and I got a joint $100 Amazon gift voucher from a relative. We decided we were going to split it 50/50 -- half for something I wanted, half for something he wanted.My husband chose what he wanted to buy for himself first, added it to his Amazon shopping cart and went to the online checkout. The item cost about $120, so he was going to use $50 from his half of the gift voucher and pay the rest with a credit card. I hadn't decided what to purchase for myself yet, but we figured during the checkout process that we could simply designate only $50 be used for the purchase being made at that time, then the remaining $50 would be there when I wanted to redeem it later on.BIG MISTAKE.This is where we learned the hard way the importance of paying attention when placing an order and thoroughly reading the fine print. In part, it says:#5 - Any unused balance will be placed in the recipient's gift certificate account and is not transferable. The original expiration date will apply to any unused balance.#6 - If your order exceeds the amount of your gift certificate, you must pay for the balance with a credit card.We understood both of these points. But what we didn't realize was that we couldn't personally designate HOW MUCH the unused balance would be when we redeemed the gift voucher. My husband kept clicking through the checkout stages, thinking at some point that he'd be asked what amount he wanted to redeem from his gift voucher for that purchase. We've partially redeemed online gift vouchers this way on other sites, so we just assumed Amazon, the Mother of All Online Stores, would have that feature. Well, before he knew it, the order was placed, the entire $100 voucher had been redeemed and his wife, ME, was pretty steamed about being shafted out of her $50 gift!So, now we know: Amazon does NOT offer customers the opportunity to partially redeem their gift vouchers when they want to (unless the total purchase price is less than the gift voucher amount). We don't blame Amazon for this necessarily -- it was our fault for not understanding the fine print. We've never had any other problems with Amazon gift vouchers in the past, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars. But it was a big disappointment and quite a surprise to discover that Amazon doesn't have this feature. I'm sure we're not the only ones who assumed this was possible, so I figured I'd spread the word to prevent others from being as disappointed as I was/am. :(My advice is two-fold: 1) If you receive a joint Amazon gift voucher, wait until you've BOTH decided what you want and place ONE order together; and 2) If you are thinking of giving a couple/family a joint Amazon gift voucher, DON'T. You'll be doing them a favor by giving them separate vouchers.
I thought gift certificates would be the easiest least frustrating gift.  However, I ordered 2 but only received 1.  I had to resend both, since they were part of the same order, and now am unsure of the status of either. I would normally think this was a fluke, and my bad luck, but others seem to have the same problem.
When you send an e-card with a gift certificate, you're given the option to have the card sent at a future date.  Unfortunately, this information doesn't show up on the final page of the checkout, so you don't get confirmation of the scheduled delivery date of the card.Also, unlike other orders from Amazon, the purchase of an e-card doesn't show up in "Your Account" immediately after purchase.  (I was hoping to find confirmation of the scheduled delivery date there.)It would also be nice if the card's message could include links to Amazon products.  I pasted the URLs of two suggested products but they're not clickable by the receipient.Amazon's web site is generally very good for other types of transactions, but the handling of gift certificates is an area that could be improved upon.
way too many options and details.  Simplify the system.  Also your help system is confusing and similar in its choices.  This is not rocket science.  Person to send to, amount, person to bill to, each address, grand total, edit if needed, payment method, account information,send.
I've sent online gift certificates from Amazon for several months along with a personalized e-card and have been very satisfied with the results.This morning, when trying to send a birthday certificate, I noticed that the e-card option was removed.  Bad decision on someone's part, I'd say.  Who wants to send a sterile gift certificate?
I like giving and getting Amazon gift certificates, but a lot of popular email services (such as Hotmail) immediately trash email from a company (such as Amazon).This means that the three GCs I sent to people over the holidays never even arrived, which I only now (a month later) found out by actually asking the people.Now, there is an automated option to re-send a GC. However, the only option is to re-send the same thing: an email GC (not change to a different kind of GC). You can change the email address that it's sent to, which would be great if you could be sure that the recipient has another reliable email address, and that the other email address wouldn't also immediately trash it.Most of my recipients are new to the web and don't have alternate emails. So now I'm kind of stuck, and while I've got $150 charge on my credit card, none of my recipients have any gifts.[Boy, I hope that other reviewer was mistaken about only being able to buy books with the GCs, because I don't know if my recipients are even that interested in getting new books! I got them in hopes of being able to offer "whatever they want"!)]
I sent a number of GC's via email for Christmas!Most got delivered.I tried to resend to an alternate email acct. and it asks me for my credit card over and over.Getting these to my project staff in time is critical and it upsets that I'm having this problem. I sent Customer Service an email on 12/21/05. They better get this resolved. Being an information technology project manager this is unacceptable! No it is not a firewall issue.
Why not have an option to simply print out the gift certificate upon purchase? That way, the buyer could present it directly to the recipient (at a birthday party, for example).
If you want to order 3 cards to be sent to 3 different people, be ready for a lot of data entry.  You have to enter as 3 seperate orders, from password to card info all the way through credit card number and payment.  It seems like a company like Amazon would figure out how to use the shopping cart for these...
It has taken over 2 hours for an email gift cert to arrive. That is way too long for electronic processing. Otherwise I think it is great to be able to buy and send the certs electronically.
I ordered an amazon gift certificate by regular snail mail for my sister for Christmas. I ordered it early in case of complications, but had none. The only part I didn't like, hence the 3 star rating, is that you cannot track this product in your order list, because there is no option for tracking. If not for the tracking part this would have received a 5 star rating...hopefully this will be an option in the future. I would like a confirmation that the product ordered reached its destination, and would like to know a possible date for delivery. It also doesn't show up in recent orders, this should have the same order process as all other orders and just because it is a gift certificate its still should be treated like any other order.Another thing is that there is a resend option if your recipient does not receive the product by mail, but since I sent it to my address to give personally on x-mas I didn't have to use that option. Considering that you cannot track it I don't see the point of this option, because you could keep having to resend it. Everytime you send it you would have to wait longer for delivery so the person may never get it when you wanted them to.What I liked is the personalization of the certificate like who its from and who your giving it too with your own comments, and it has its own envelope which is nice. With exception to not knowing exactly when it will be delivered and praying it got here before Christmas overall its great so far, and as long as the person I give it to as a gift doesn't have a problem using it, everything is fine! I received it to my surprise within a week of purchase. For now, I will recommend this product!
I would like the option of printing the gift certificate on my printer.  eBay has this option; why not Amazon?  If I want a hard copy to present, why should I be required to wait until they are snail-mailed and received?  Being able to print them would create an extraordinary convenience.
I have both ordered and received e-Gift Cert from Amazon.com a few times.  In general, the service is good (75 out of 100%) except for once that I ordered an e-Gift Cert to my friend.  It took 5-6 complaint emails from my friend and myself before the e-Gift Cert notification got sent correctly.Also, it would be nice if Amazon has some kinda register-mail service to notify you when the receipient receives your e-Gift Cert, so you don't have to guess if the other party has really received it.
I have received a gift certificate from a friend, however the site will not allow me to reedem it and there is no phone number for me to call to get help with this issue.  I'm frustrated and plan on letting my friend know that this is the last thing I would like for my next gift.
The Starbucks card is a pretty straightforward product: if you like Starbucks, it helps you to pay there.  The problem is that it seemed to take weeks for the card to be processed and sent by Amazon.  This card was meant for a friend to whom I've since just sent e-cards directly to her email from the Starbucks site.  Much easier and done within minutes.
I've given and recieved a ton of Starbucks cards. What I learned is that many of the cases where we get a "bad cup" is because most coffee beans out there are covered...in mold. I recently tried Bulletproof Coffe from Onnit Labs and I have to say, I can never look at coffee the same way. Its a smooth buzz of energy instead of high energy followed by crash. Check it out [...]
Why do they have to put large stickers on the bottom of each spoon.  And the stickers are applied with some type of superglue.  Spoon is great, scraping the glue not so much.
I have not ordered one from them, but why do they not offer an ecard instead of just a plastic card. Should be able to add a starbuck card to your starbuck account. This would save time and money.