I purchased a gift card for my friend and sent ia email..He received within 10 mins..I got a notification when he received the gift.
I've ordered a couple of Amazon gift certificates and never had any problems. I try to buy gifts and gift cards from local business but amazon gift certificates are good gifts for friends and family in other parts of the country. It is also nice because amazon offers so much that you aren't limiting the recipient. I just wish they would offer nice looking gift cards, the certificates you get in the mail aren't that exciting.
I was quite hesitant after reading all the negative reviews, but I had no problems what so ever. I sent the email to myself and then forwarded it to the recipient just to be on the safe side, and it went right through. The gift certificate email was sent about 2 hours after I ordered it.The email address it sends from is most likely to get caught in your spam filter (thats where mine ended up), so be sure to check there first. I think that may be the problem alot of people are having.
I purchased a gift certificate and I was a little disappointed that I could only get a printed gift certificate by snail mail or by e-mailing it to myself.  Other than that, everything went quite well.  The page requiring credit card info IS a SECURE (https://) page.  Also, I didn't have to wait hours to receive the e-mailed gift certificate--it arrived in less than 15 MINUTES!!  I would definitely recommend the service.
SUGGESTION: I need to distribute amazon gift certificates to a worldwide audience a few times a year.  I currently maintain accounts on amazon USA, UK, and Germany and am thinking of opening an account on Amazon Japan.  It would be super outrageous if there were the option of entering say 10 email addresses for $50 USD certifs on amazon USA, then being asked which amazon store (country) the certificate should be issued against for each email address - then calculate the equivalent amount in local currency and email the certif.  Not only would this be ultra convenient, it will spare me from opening all of these different amazon accounts (and keep me from having to figure out how to read german & japanese!)
I did send it to myself so I could print it out. It did come really quickly, but went into my junk e-mail folder which took me a few minutes to figure out. But I am quite relieved because after reading all of the reviews it seemed a risk. Whew!! It's amazing that it went to my junk folder even after I disabled my antispam!
After reading the reviews I decided that the best way to see what happens is to send myself a small gift certificate! Voila!  After a couple of hours of being off the net I logged back on and there it was in my email account!  The only problem was that I went to the e-cards first and choose a card.  I clicked on send with gift certificate and went through the easy to follow steps.  When it showed up in my e-mail it came without the card, but it did have my message so the problem was minimal.  I am no computer rocket scientist, so the fault "could" have been mine.  I can print out the gift certificate from my e-mail account and put it in a card, which is what I am going to do for my husband.  Here I go for gift certificate number 2!!!!
I found this to be such an easy task! I just wish I could print the e-certificate, so I would have something to put under the tree or in the stocking.[mabye a cc: to the email] Also, I wish I could choose what date the e-certificate was emailed to the receipient. Their won't be much a suprise on christmas day, if they read their email in the next few days.
I waited until the last minute and didn't have time to do the last minute Christmas shopping.  So, I did it all on line.  I just bought a gift card less than ten minutes ago.  It took at least five minutes for it to show up in my inbox.  I cut and printed the certificate and it is ready to go into a Christmas card.  It was really convenient.  I would imagine most of the people who didn't get the card have blocking on their email so they don't get email from amazon.  I didn't have a problem with it.  But, you can also go back in to Amazon and resend it to a different email address.  You have to re-enter your payment info, but they don't bill you again.  So, if you don't get the certificate within a half-hour, you could always go in and have it re-sent to a different address.  I gave it four stars instead of five because there was a slight delay.  My order clarification came through right away, but there was a slight delay for my certificate to come through.  I also had it sent to me so I could print it out myself.  That was a good suggestion.
I was worried about sending an e-mail gift certificate after reading all the complaints.  I sent an e-card first to make sure that this worked.  Amazon sent an e-mail to me that the card was sent and then received.  I then sent the e-mail gift certificate.  Amazon sent an e-mail confirmation of the order on the same day.  It would have been nice to get an e-mail that the e-certificate was received as well.  The recipent e-mailed me back 2 days after the order was placed to let me know that he received it without a problem.  Of course this was all done after Christmas so maybe that's why there was no problem.
I have sent and received several gift certificates electronically. It is particularly helpful when one has forgotten a birthday and needs to send a gift at the LAST MINUTE. However, due to the immense amount of SPAM people receive, these electronic gift certificates are sometimes filtered into peoples BULK MAIL folders or deleted automatically by their email service.If you intend to send an electronic Gift Certificate, I recommend also sending an email from your personal email account to the receiver, so that they know to check their Bulk Mail or temporarily turn off their filter.... Just in case.
Months ago I sent one of these things to my nephew. Figuring that he was just being a self-involved kid (hey, I was one myself) I thought nothing of the fact that he never thanked me for it. When I asked him about what he got with the GC he said he never got one. I wrote it off as a loss and doubled up on his next gift.If the story ended there this would be a 2 star review. I might have written something like, "This product seems perfect for twelve year old nephews, but really it's not."A YEAR LATER I was looking through my Amazon records to find the title of a CD I bought as a gift, when I came across the purchase record for the missing gift certificate and discovered that I had the option to resend it. Now if he doesn't get it I'm blaming him, and writing a 2 star review on my nephew.
I bought the e-card gift certificate on the 19th it took a few hours to get the e-card. I sent it to myself to print out. Today I bought the e-mail gift certificate. Agian I sent it to myself to print. I received it within minutes. Both sent me conformation e-mails right away. If you need it fast then it looks like the e-mail gift certificate is the best choice.I am printing them out and putting them in Christmas cards for the hard to buy people on my list.
Thanks go to the reviewer who suggested just emailing the certificate to yourself and printing. That's exactly what I did instead of emailing it to my friend. Still something to put in the envelope. I'll forward the email as well. I was hesitant because I needed it now, and didn't want to wait for the email to get to my friend since it's her work mail. It worked great. Only took a little while to come through to my email. It was ready by the time we were ready to go out.
I had no problem purchasing the gift certificate.  The receipt landed in my inbox almost immediately.  The certificate itself did not.  I thought it would take longer so I was not worried.  When 24 hours had gone by, I went to My Accounts to see what status the gift certificate was in.  I found out there that the order was considered to be complete.  I checked my Inbox again and found no certificate.That was when it was apparent that the certificate was in a different location.  I opened my Junk Mail Folder and found that my e-mail provider had kindly dumped the gift certificate into Junk Mail.I think that if the subject line was tweaked a bit, it would not have the word structure that alarms our junk mail filters.  This might alleviate some of the postings that claim that the gift certificate "never arrived".Except for the junk mail problem, I would have given this process a 5.  It was easy, convenient and I'll have to let you know if my recipient was able to redeem it easily.
Amazon.com gift certificates are easy to order, and you can choose electronic (e-mail) or paper certificate.  The only problem is about half the time it takes forever to get the e-certificate, which is annoying.  If you have patience, this is the perfect gift to get for your loved ones or friends.  Esp. makes a great wedding registry gift.
If you're ordering a PAPER gift certificate and you need it in less than 10 days, be aware of the following:(1) Amazon doesn't process paper gift certificate orders as quickly as they process merchandise orders.  My paper gift certificate wasn't postmarked until 3 business days AFTER it was ordered.(2) Amazon sends paper gift certificates through the US mail with no ability to track the delivery.  When you attempt to trace a gift certificate order in-transit, the shipment tracking status will simply say "sent" until it shows up in your mail box.(3) All Amazon paper gift certificates are mailed from Boise, Idaho.(4) Amazon says a paper gift certificate will take 3-7 business days for delivery. They aren't kidding!  Mine took 10 calendar days before it showed up.(5) I don't think Amazon offers an expedited shipping option with paper gift certificates.BOTTOM LINE:  I'm not sure I'd order one again if I absolutely had to have it within 10 days.
I haven't encountered any problems when using amazon.  Sent an ecard to my recipient, paid by credit card. My bf got the gift certificate and redeemed it.  Done. :-)I would imagine difficulties would arise by trying to get a gift certificate in the mail if you are doing it last minute, or trying to use an alternative payment.  So if you're worried about whether to get one, I'd use a visa or mastercard so at least you have your credit card company is able to dispute charges on your behalf, and order early whenever possible. :-)  Hope that helps!
I e-mailed two to myself. It took awhile to arrive about 4-16 hours. Printed them out and put them into Christmas cards and they worked great.
After reading many of the reviews for the Amazon.com Gift Certificate, I was wary at best and almost changed my plans to buy one for Christmas.  I went ahead and took a chance and was extremely worried when I did not receive my e-mail certificate after many hours of waiting.  Of course, as many people experienced, I also had no problem getting within seconds a confirmation e-mail that my credit card account was charged for the full amount.It turned out that I had received my e-mail certificate about 20 minutes after I placed my order.  The difference was that the auto-confirmation that my order went through came from an amazon.com address that was I had set up previously to go straight to my intray, while the electronic gift certificate itself came from a new source:{gc-orders@a2zgiftcerts.amazon.com}.  This e-mail went directly to my junk mail folder.Fortunately, I had taken the advice of others and sent the e-mail certificate to myself.  This way I knew to look for it, and was able to print it out and give away.  While I have not yet checked to see if the certificate code works, I'd say my experience was successful thanks to the advice from others who previously wrote reviews and warnings.One would hope that Amazon.com would be more proactive in alleviating the concerns expressed here about their service. Unfortunately, I have seen many other companies react in the same way in not caring enough to do something to fix an issue that they may deem is "not their fault". Yes the e-mail certificate does in fact get auto generated and sent out within minutes, but amazon.com could avoid a lot of problems by either changing the source e-mail address of the certificate, or at least giving a heads-up in their product description to let people know to search in their junk mail folder for a message containing "amazon.com" in the subject line.
Alomst all ppl that put negitive reviews probley just dont type there info in right this year and last year almost all my gifts came from here as giftcards and both years i got them just fine so i think all the ppl that are saying they never got there giftcards should learn how to type
I purchased the gift certificate for email delivery for a friend this past summer, not realizing that there were reviews for it that I could read. Had I read the reviews FIRST, I would not have purchased a GC. Fortunately for me, there were absolutley no issues. I probably will not again, though, because even though my transaction went smoothly, enough others have had SERIOUS problmes resulting in loss of money and time that I am not willing to risk it again. A gift purchase should not feel like a touch and go operation. I took off one star for the simple fact that there are limitations on what you can spend your certificate on, and the fine print is rather confusing.
I've found that Amazon Gift Certificates are pretty easy to order and redeem. I have relatives in Germany, and I figured out several years ago that it would be much simpler to email a gift certificate to them than deal with buying presents and shipping to Germany, enduring outrages lines and outrageous shipping costs. Amazon has a lot of products, so I thought that would be a good choice. Unfortunately, if I purchase a gift certificate from the US site it's only good for that site, so shipping costs could eat up a large portion of the gift. I've been ordering the gift certificates from Amazon.de. The trouble is that I don't speak German, and they only offer English help for redeeming the certs, not for purchasing them. You can use Google Translator to translate the pages and get through part of the order process, but it stops working once you're in the secure section. I wind up trying to translate individual phrases...I'm kind of used to it now, but I wish that Amazon would provide an easier way to order international gift certificates. You should either be able to order them from the US site (which would require all the Amazon sites to operate together) or each international site should make it possible to go all the way through the order process in English and in other languages. I'm sure that other people would like to be able to do this so that they can provide a good, easy gift for people they know in other countries.
I gave gift certificates to several people last year for Christmas, and have received a few since then.  I also receive them when I use my amazon visa card and accumulate however many points.  I have always been able to utilize my certificates, sometimes even a few at once for one purchase.  I'm even asking for them for my birthday this year. I do always get the paper ones-I haven't tried the "instant" certificates yet.  We'll see...maybe I'll get one for my birthday....
I really wish that Amazona would provide the ability to immediately print out gift certificates. You can order a paper certificate and have it arrive in 7 days or you can email one to the recipient.It would be more personal to print out your own for a last minute gift to put in a card.
I was surprised to find so many negative reviews here.  Obviously I can only speak of my own experience, but it's unfortunate that so many people have been unhappy with the puchase and delivery of their gift certificate.  The lead reviewer points out some of the possible problems (spam filter inadvertently blocks it, etc.) and how to get around them; I'd advise reading this if you have any hesitations.That said, I have to report that I've had no problems with Amazon.com gift certificates (and no, I don't work for them). I've used them three times, most recently yesterday.  The e-card (with a photo provided by Amazon, a message by me, and the code to use the gift certificate) arrived on time.A few complaints and pointers, albeit fairly minor:1. ALthough Amazon.com points this out, DO NOT hit the back button to edit your message--you will lose it, and have to start from scratch.  While this is ostensibly done for security reasons, some websites will retain some of the message rather than erase it all.  I'd like it if Amazon would BOLD or increase the font of their warning.2. YOu can choose whether you want music to accompany your message; however, it does not appear you can choose the music.  The selection offered with my birthday present didn't fit the theme; in fact, I'm not sure what it would go with.3. Oncve you've chosen a picture, you're stuck with it; you can't hit "edit" and change it.  Again, this is based on my experience yesterday, so this MIGHT have been a temporary problem. If not, and you're not sending a simple greeting, try to make sure you like the picture you've chosen (out of an fairly limited selection).4. The main thing, I think, is that your gift certificate arrives to the intended recipient in a timely manner. One would also like a receipt, and Amazon automatically email this to you. For those who have problems, there are a few remedies.  Unfortuantely, it is very difficult to reach Amazon.com by telephone; they seem to make every effort to hide this so that you'll email Customer Service.  On the other hand, Customer Service has always been prompt with other problems.  ANOTHER solution:  Call your credit company (Visa, or whatever), and report non-delivery as a type of fraud:  YOu paid for something and did not receive it.  Most companies will not require you to pay until they have investigated the matter.Again, I cannot speak to everyone's circumstances, but I'd like to add a more optimistic note to the flood of criticism here.  Some skeptics might question whether all of these complaints are truthful, but there's no way to determine that just from readng the reviews.  Look at this as a positive vote for Amazon.com's gift certificates, read the fine print, and the suggestions in the lead review, and then decide you want to take advantage of the potential for a convenient and flexible gift.
I received a gift certificate for my birthday. I redeemed it a couple days later and had no problems with it going through. The only problems I ended up having was that my order was placed the second week of Oct. and everything was supposedly in stock. Amazon is giving me a delivery date of Dec. 9. I wrote customer service and asked why it takes 2 months for them to get here but after 1 1/2 weeks and no one has answered.
I decided even after all the bad reviews that I would take a chance and order an online gift certificate for my dad-in-law.  I did not receive anything for two days.  BUT, I did call Amazon CSR on the second day and they resolved this problem immediately.  I received the certificate within about 30 minutes of calling.  That is why I gave it a 4, I would have rated 5 if I did not have to call them.  Hope this helps.
I just used the three gift certificates I got for my birthday via e-mail and only had one problem. And come to find out it was my own fault. I was entering the wrong claim code. I was not able to view the card that was sent with the gift certificate which was a bummer but I had no problem redeeming it. I am going to be sending one to my dad right now. So knock on wood he can see it and redeem it.
I followed the advice of another reviewer.  I ordered an email certificate and sent it to myself.  I printed it out so I have something to "wrap".  (I could forward it as well, so the giftee doesn't have to keep track of the paper)  The response time on my transaction was very quick and the email certificate has no funky questions to interpret like the e-cards.  Much easier than baking a pie, even buying one!  I just hope my giftee likes it.
A quick and handy gift.  I just bought several for my family and they all made it within a day via email.  What a great way to let them pick and choose their gift from the world of Amazon.  I wish the look and feel was customizable and or had holiday themes but it serves it's purpose regardless.
I was leary of ordering a certificate, after reading negative reviews by other members.  I didn't have any difficulty ordering, but if I had not read a previous review indicating that the certificate had wound up in his junk mail folder, this review would have been vastly different.  Because the sender's address is not recognizable as coming from Amazon.com, my email filter did not allow it through.  Having been alerted from that review, I checked there and found it.  Would suggest that Amazon do something about this, as I'm wondering now if many of those who wrote stating that they never received their certificates actually had them blocked from their email accounts.  Now, I don't know if the recipient of this certificate will encounter difficulty in using it.  But I have to admit to fairly rapid receipt of the certificate and very little difficulty ordering it.  My evalutaion of this item lost one star in my rating because of the failure of Amazon to use a recognizable sender's ID.
Don't know what to buy for your friends? This is your lucky day then. Instead of giving actual gifts, you buy this prepaid gift certificate and have it delivered to them in form of postal mail or e-mail. They'll love to use this certificate to buy the thing they like the most at Amazon. But wait a minute, did I tell you that these gift certificates if sent via email, they will go right to the Bulk or Spam folder? Yes, they do. Your friends will never receive these in their Inbox, unless you tell them to check Bulk/Spam folder.So sure to:+ Check whether all certificates are redeemed.+ If not, try resending them.+ Have them sent to your email address, so that you can forward to your friends manually.+ If you don't know how to do above, go to Help section.
I sent the email to myself, many thanks to previous reviewers.  Yes, it's slow.  Yes, it takes longer than you think it should.  If you think the original email takes forever, just try resending.When you resend, the original code becomes invalid.  So the original message, which took half an hour to get here, is worthless.After 20 minutes I got worried and resent.  Ten minutes later a gift certificate arrived, but now I wasn't sure if it was the original or the resend.  I sat on it for an hour, then printed it.As soon as I was done printing, the second one arrived.  It took twice as long as the original.
My scenario was unique.  I was purchasing a TV and wanted to pay most with cash from my checking account(debit card) and some with credit card.  However Amazon doens't allow for 2 cards to be used.  I used my CC to purchase a $500 dollar.  I then decided the only way to do it was to purchase a gift certificate to be able to do this since you are able to use a credit card with a gift certificate.I initially purchased it in the morning and received confirmation email.  I was sending it to myself but never recieved it that entire day.  The next morning I checked and my account said revised payment.  I checked my credit card and it was not charged.  I assume my credit card put up a red flag and stopped the charge for verification.I called the next day and the help desked took some additional info and it was done in about 20 minutes and she stated that I would recieve the GC in about an hour.  It took about 3 hours but I recieved it.On a side note....before calling I had emailed them and waited about 4 hours with no response.  After I called I recieved an email saying that it appears that they solved the problem.  I suggest calling if you have any problem and not wait for email response as they appear to be very low priority.
I sent my girlfriend a gift certificate to her email for her birthday.  I did read the reviews before hand, and I was a l ittle worried that I would have problems with the service.  The certificate showed up just fine, but thinking it was junk mail, my girlfriend deleted it.  Now I was worried.  Reading the reviews I htought it would be a major hassle getting it re-sent.  I used the service on the website where customer service calls you back, they called right away, and after a hold time under a minute, all I did was explain the problem, and that I needed it re-sent, and it was resent.  The lady said it could take something like 24 hours to show up, but I checked right then, and it had been re-sent and received in my girlfriends email.  I was actually surprised at the good service.
I sent two gift certificates via email. One to Germany and one to a friend in the United States. My German friend received his but the one sent in the United States got lost in cyberspace somewhere. I resent that one and am waiting to see if it arrives. Could be recipient error or email filters or something else. Overall, its a great option and I would still try it again.
There are a bunch of comments here to the effect that you can't print the certificate to have it on paper right away to include in a card, etc., or that there is no option to send it on a future date, such as delivery on Christmas day.C'mon, people, use a little creativity.You can email the thing to yourself and then do whatever you want. You can print it. You can save it and forward it to your intended recipient on any date that you like. Given that the important piece of information is the confirmation number, you can even find or construct a "greeting" card of your own and write or "Photoshop" the number onto the image before sending it to someone. (Others have suggested similar ideas in their reviews, but unfortunately one must do some digging or search on "print" to find them in the hundreds of reviews for this item.)Frankly, given the relative unreliability of email (spam filtering, lack of a unversal "return receipt" function, etc.), I'd rather email the certificate information to myself anyway just to be sure that the goods were delivered. (The confirmation email that Amazon sends you as the purchaser does not include the confirmation number.)You *can* recover the information after placing your order, however, by visiting "Your Account" and viewing the order detail. There's a link there to resend the certificate with an option to send it again to the original recipient or to send it to another email address that you can enter. So you can still have Amazon send the certificate directly to the recipient then go back and send yourself a "copy" just to make sure you have the information yourself.Nevertheless, I do agree that Amazon could have made this process somewhat easier by including a "print certificate now" option. The iTunes store does this and constructs web page that renders a fairly good-looking certificate that you can print or screen-capture and email or whatever. The lack of that feature is why this service rates just 4 stars.That and the issues with "fine print", particularly the restriction that you can't use a certificate to buy another certificate, which would be a way around the 18-month limitation. But hey, why would you send an Amazon certificate to someone who isn't likely to use it shortly thereafter? That wouldn't seem like a very well-thought-out gift.
I've given Amazon Email Gift Certificates a number of times over the years, in amounts from $25 to $200. Neither myself nor the recipients have ever had any problems. Gift certificates are often considered impersonal, but for kids and certain family members (or as "rewards") it's a great solution. It's also sometimes preferable to spending $40 on a gift that will cost another $20 to ship to someone.The only negative I've marked them down for is that there are a handful of companies you are not allowed to use your gift certificate on and I feel it should be simple enough for Amazon to directly convert the value of the redeemed certificate into "cash" and then pass that on to whatever partners you wish to buy from (Eddie Bauer, and so on).
It was exactly the option (e-mail gift certificate)I was looking for.  The only thing I would have liked was a delivery date.  I would of liked the recipient to recieve their gift on the day of the event. Be it Christmas or a Birthday etc.
I love the idea of being able to send "the perfect gift" (even though I don't know what it is at the time!).  It's hard to know what someone needs or wants and it often changes from day to day.  With a gift certificate they can redeem it at their leisure (up to a year, I believe) and "shop" when they have time - from their own home! (And, it's always great fun spending other people's money! ;)  The reason I only gave it 4 stars is because the Amazon.com gift certificate isn't valid on any of their other sites - like UK or Canada.  I have friends in both places and, since the products vary a bit, it'd be nice if they could shop "locally" and not have to wait for products to be shipped from the U.S.
An amazon gift certificate is a perfect option for those people impossible to shop for.  I mean really....is there anything you can't find at amazon?My only complaint is that they don't have a print-out gift certificate option for on-the-fly gift needs.  You can order a paper certificate and have it arrive in 7 days and you can email one to the recipient....but it would be nice to print out your own for a last minute gift to put in a card.Aside from that, they're perfect.
I received a gift certificate from my brother for my birthday and luckily he sent me an email telling me that it was going to be in my email because it went in my junk mail and I almost deleted it!  I had no idea what that email was upon first glance!  Other than that, my transaction went smoothly and all was well... I will purchase gift certificates in the future but definitely make sure to tell the person so they dont accidently delete them!
My company gives gift certificates to employees as wedding presents.  So as HR Manager, I had bought one for one of our employees, and chose the email version over the paper one since no one wants to deal with paper anyway.  The employee comes back to me about a month later and says he accidentally deleted the email and Amazon told him to contact the buyer of the GC directly.  After reading about a hundred reviews bashing Amazon's gift certificates, I dreaded trying to get Amazon to re-send another one.  BUT it took me a total of 3 clicks and 15 seconds to send him.  I would totally buy another Amazon gift certificate.  Thanks for making it so easy!
So, I purchased this item for a christmas gift. It came within 5 days of the purchase, which is a good time considering I used amazon's super free shipping. When it arrived, there was a paper inside that said "access your gift cards anywhere, anytime with Go Wallet". On that slip of paper it says current balance is $21.50. THAT IS NOT THE BALANCE OF THE CARD. I realize there is another reviewer that saw this and believed he/she had been ripped off. As soon as I saw the card, I went onto starbucks.com to find out that my card had a balance of $25, which is what I purchased. It was a bad marketing scheme by Gift Card Mall to place that piece of paper in there. But, I'm pretty sure they could be sued if you paid shipping on the item and they still took off money on the card. Its a good item, but bad marketing scheme.
You can never go wrong with S'bucks bucks !!  If you only want coffee, great; if you're hungry & need caffeine, they have much to offer in the way of eats, too.