Not sure what the problem with Gift Certificates is. I thought I hadn't received it, but found out that somehow I accidentally deleted it without looking at it...  Love that I can save my GC in my account and use it whenever without having to try to save the email with the info! Very useful!
I have been an Amazon Prime member for quite some time (years), and shop with them often. I have had occasion to both send and receive Amazon gift cards of all types (email  cards, hard cards direct  from Amazon, and also Amazon cards purchased at my local grocery store, Lowe's, and a drugstore. I have never had any problems redeeming them myself and no one I sent them to has had any problems. I have used them for many different types of purchases. I guess no system is foolproof, but I personally have no complaints with Amazon gift cards, or Amazon customer service. (And NO, I do not work for Amazon. Maybe I've been lucky)
My family members used to buy me things directly off my wishlist, but in recent years we found that it's a lot easier to just buy me a gift card so I can buy things off my wishlist myself. I've recieved a lot of Amazon Gift Cards through email, and I've never had any trouble with them. I don't have a credit card, so this is my only way of buying things online. It's a lot more useful to me than just someone handing me cash, because I know that I can't lose the gift card or have it stolen.
I really like that there was an option for e-mail delivery for the gift card. When you choose to have it e-mailed you can select what date you want to have it sent to the receipient.
I've purchased dozens of Amazon gift cards. Each and every one of them has been easy, arrived when promised, and with no issues redeeming them. I've not heard of anyone of my recipients not getting the email from Amazon. I sent one to my Sister who didn't realize it was a gift certificate and just deleted the email, but she got a reminder email that she did open and realized what she had done. Once the recipient gets it, they can IMMEDIATELY add it to their Amazon.com account - no need to wait until they actual purchase something. That way, there is little worry about the person losing the email/claim code.People need to be smart about it and realize it is just like any other gift card they receive. Very few companies actually replace lost gift cards - whether it is an online store or a physical store. So don't expect it to be replaced if the person loses it - that is not Amazon's responsibility. Granted, it would be nice if they could just de-activate the old claim number and issue a new one - it would negate the possibility of the lost gift certificate being used after a new one is given. But that's not something I've ever had to worry about.
I absolutely adore Amazon gift cards. All of my friends and family use Amazon so it's a sure thing gift for everyone I know. Everyone can find SOMETHING on Amazon that they must have. I usually have them sent via email (because I also am horrible about remember birthdays and other important dates until the last minute), but I've also sent them via mail. Both are well presented, the claim code is very visible and the recipients have been thrilled.I use them myself for my Kindle purchases. I have a certain $ allowance each month that I set up for my book-buying. I purchase a gift card each month and apply it to my account. When that money is gone, I can buy no more books until next month. This seems to keep me from overspending on books (which I can get carried away with!).Whether you are looking to budget yourself or looking for a great gift (planned or last minute!), Amazon gift cards are definitely worthy of your bookmarks :)
I send e-cards all the time. I recommend using them. If anything, they are easier to use than ever before. Thumbs up! I have never encountered any problems.
I get Amazon gift cards for my work as bonus incentives. I get them nearly every week. I've NEVER had one not work, or the code be invalid. They have always been electronically sent to my email address and I just click "apply to account" and it's done! I can save it for a bigger purchase in my account or use it the same day. I LOVE getting these! :DThe only thing I wish is if I could redeem them for a "brick and mortar" store gift certificates like Target or for a gas card. But I'm just being picky lol... I can ALWAYS find something to buy!
This is a great gift for someone who is already an Amazon customer.  Years ago I received one of these and squandered it.  I've never been one to like gift cards that much and using an on-line gift card was a challenge I didn't want to deal with.  However, once you are an Amazon customer you come to appreciate the advantages associated with their outstanding customer service.  Plus you can have this delivered fast!
I got a 70$ amazon gift card and loved it! I shopped, shopped, shopped, and id I mention...shopped!! Hope I get more for Easter!
I've received a few gift certificates over the last year, as well as e-cards, and I think they're great.  Once they're claimed, they just show up in my account, and automatically apply when I purchase something.  I can also look up the balance easily through my account, so I know what my limits are.  I also like the fact that I can use them to buy used books sold by other merchants too, which helps me buy the hard-to-find books I like.  So far, I've used gift certificates for books and DVDs and have had no problems.
I've both sent and received gift cards/certificates for Amazon and never had any problems with them. I just got two $50 cards for the holidays, loaded them onto my account, and I'm all set for what will probably be a boatload of Kindle purchases. I usually keep a running total in my head, and when I'm online I log into my account to double-check my balance. Often, it lets me get that elusive item on my wishlist that I really can't justify purchasing otherwise.
We have purchased and used hundreds of dollars (probably well over $1000) of Amazon gift cards.  We've gotten them from Amazon directly (for us and for others as gifts), from local stores, as well as getting them as rewards from various places.  Not once have we had a problem with them.  Not sure how many others have had issues.  Even so, the Amazon customer service team is amazing.  Even with the most tricky questions about an order, they are fabulous at what they do.  We have not once had an issue with them and have always been very pleased.  We love how you can enter the gift card amount into your account immediatly and use it at a later time - no need to keep up with the actual card.  Thank you Amazon for making shopping so easy!
I have personally purchased several gift cards for myself and for others. I have also received many as Christmas gifts and have NEVER HAD A PROBLEM redeeming the cards or having them arrive to the intended recipient on time.I'm not sure why on earth gift cards are getting a bad review. I've read through several of the 'one star' reviews and am pretty shocked to see that there have been issues.
People are giving gift cards bad reviews?  Really?  I have given and received MANY Amazon gift cards and have never had a problem.  They deliver quickly (no mater how you have it sent) and are super easy to use.  I can't think of anything else you need for a gift card.  Amazon is great!  Anyone in my family would like an amazon gift card, no matter what kind of stuff they like.
I have given and received numerous Amazon gift cards and have redeemed them with no problems. Note to all those who think that everything on the Amazon.com website is sold by Amazon: well, it is not. Since the gift card is an AMAZON gift card, why should it work on items that are just sold through Amazon.com? Those companies are paying a premium to Amazon to sell on Amazon's website. There are many, many item that are sold by Amazon and the gift card/certificate redeemed will work on those items. To me, the cards/certificates have worked perfectly as advertised.An easy way to find just Amazon.com products is to search as if you were and Amazon Prime customer. Amazon Prime customers get free 2 day shipping on Amazon product only, so, Amazon gift dollars will work on those items. Also, on those items, I have used a card for 100% of the purchase making it so that from my point of view, the product was free, as if the person who gave me the gift dollars actually purchased the product for me. Also, I must note that there are some third party items that will allow an Amazon gift dollars to be used. Unfortunately you may only notice at checkout.There are a few things that are easily overlooked:- The redeemer must have an account with credit card in the system.- Cards from third parties are not consistent. I have and never will purchase a card from a third party. It's safer and easier to go to the source, Amazon.com.- The most overlooked "gotcha" is that this is an AMAZON gift card and will only work on Amazon.com sold products! (with a few exceptions)- Keep in mind that media like mp3's (music) and mp4's (movies) may have certain stipulations when purchasing from Amazon, since Amazon has a license to sell from the media company and the media company may have stipulations of how they are sold and rented.I hope this helps people who are thinking about purchasing a gift certificate/card for a friend or loved one. The most important thing is, again, buy it from the source, Amazon.com!
The card works perfectly for e-books. It's a win-win for me, and the gifter because we both know I got exactly what I wanted, no one had to go to a brick store, and the books are usually cheaper in e-form. YAY!!!
I received a $50 gift card via email and had no trouble applying the credit to my account.  I used the funds for two separate orders and had no problems.
I ordered the "Mail Gift card" option (https://www.amazon.com/gp/gc/paperform) and was very pleased. You get your gift card with a personalized high quality greeting card (you get to choose the design and add a message). It saved me the trouble of actually buying one myself and it was free. It was just perfect!
I was given a gift card for Christmas and used it the very same day I got it, lol.  I had not one problem using the card and I used every dime of it.Great gift!
I received one of these from one of my in-laws (she printed out the code) and one from my father (sent via email) and happily used both without a problem. I love getting Amazon gift cards! You can use them for anything: books, movies, music, toiletries, clothes, things for your pets, things for your children... I can sit at home in my pj's and order what I want when I want it with free shipping over $25 - love it!
My Gift Card showed up in an email within 30 minutes of my friend calling to tell me she had purchased it for me.Wonderful for Kindle and Amazon Video on Demand purchases because your gift card automatically used BEFORE your credit card that you already have registered.When my friends give me one of these it is as if I am getting gifts for months afterward!Highly recommend for that friend who is hard to find a gift for!
The Amazon gift card comes directly to my email address, all I have to do is copy and paste the code when I am ready to check out my shopping cart. I have never had a single problem with it not working, or being the wrong amount.I have received numerous gift certificates and have yet to have that first problem with any of them.
I love giving and getting Amazon gift cards...they are so easy to give (email, snail mail, print out) and even easier to redeem and use!  If you get one emailed to you, all you do is copy and paste the code, go to amazon.com, log in and paste the code into the redeem gift card section and the amount is credited to your account!  Snail mail, print out or store bought gc, you log in to amazon.com, go to the gift card section, type in the code and amount applied to account...EASY!!With all the great deals available at amazon, you can usually get lots of great things at super low prices with any amount of gift cards.  If you are looking for a gift for someone who uses amazon frequently you will make their day and probably give them the best gift they will get!!
I receive two Amazon gift certificates each year from my aunt in Germany and have always been happy with my purchases.  It gives her the freedom to send me a gift without the hassle of mailing it  and gives me the freedom of getting just what I want. I love it!  There are lots of stores to buy from.  I have bought, books, music, quesadilla maker, bassinet, the list goes on.  No hassles, no lines in the stores, ships right to my door.  Thanks Amazon for making shopping online enjoyable and easy.
Amazon gift certificates are such a great gift - easy on the purchaser and fun for the recipient.  I've both given and received dozens of Amazon gift certificates over the years.  I have never had any problems on either side.  I like the features of the gift certificates and since I do most electronically, I like the e-card feature especially.  I like being able to set up the delivery in advance so that the gift certificate arrives right on the big day.  I will continue to purchase Amazon gift certificates (in fact, I'm about to purchase 5 today).
I have in the past 2 years received 8 gift certificates at $100 each from various people. Never had a problem. They were emailed and printed. I even printed mine out just to see what they looked like. If you buy a gift certificate for amazon.com you should be able to use it on the entire website. I would hope someone didn't buy a amazon gift certificate hoping the person could use it at mom and pops soda shop on the corner. Love the certificates love amazon.com
I tried it out today. My experience was good. I got the emailed gift certificate sent to my own email account. It arrived after maybe 15 minutes. The code worked.
This gift was a huge hit with the wifey!  She'd been talking about this item she wanted to order, and I kept coming up with reasons to put off the purchase so I could send her an Amazon gift certificate on Christmas Eve.  I placed my order this morning, and -- Boom! -- it arrived 30 minutes later!  Perfect!  Thanks, Amazon!
How you can screw this up. I've BOUGHT and RECIEVED several of these throughout this year. Some due to card points, some due to birthdays, and etc. None of my recepients had any problems with my certificates and I had no problem with mine. I really reccomend these to anyone who is unsure for anyone.Go get one. You WON'T regret it.
Despite all the not-so-favourable reviews of this item, I couldn't help deciding to buy it as it really is a perfect gift for a friend of mine, who likes books which you can barely find in Italy. I decided the e-mail option, fastest, yet so impersonal... But it worked perfectly, as the certificate was spent in a couple of days since the order. We both are very satisfied with this product.
Joining the ranks of many a last minute Chirstmas shopper,I chose to send my Father-in-law another Amazon e-gift certificate. I've sent them to him in the past and he has always been delighted to receive them. When you find the perfect gift to give to that "someone who has everything", why mess with success.My experiences with ordering from Amazon have always been easy and problem free. The speed at which this order was filled was truely impressive.  I sent the e-gift to my own email address for fear it might get lost in my Father-in-laws spam filter. It was a good thing I did, because it got caught in my filter, I was prepared for that and knew where to look for it.  The confirmation email was timed at 8:15pm and the gift certificate email was timed at 8:40pm. That's pretty darned impressive service for ordering 2 days before Christmas! With service like that, I'll continue to order from Amazon for myself, friends and family.
I have both given and received these gift cards by email and ecard and never had a problem using them and as far as I know none of the recipients of my cards have ever had a problem using them.  Just make sure the email address you send it to is legit and I always send an additional email to the folks I'm giving to, to let them know that they should check their email.  Amazon rocks!!!
I ordered a gift certificate for a family member and I had it sent to my e-mail address to make sure it was received.  An hour after placing the order, I still didn't receive the certificate, so I read some of the reviews and saw that other people were having the same problem. I e-mailed them letting them know about the problem and a few hours later, they gave me the claim code for the gift certificate. The actual certificate was delivered about five hours after I e-mailed them.
I got paid for a job with an Amazon gift card. I got it in my email the same day it was bought and I spent it that afternoon. I accidentally submitted my order without putting in the gift card code, so I went back and changed that (per site instructions) and it went through without a hitch. My balance was 4.87 after I used the $65 gift card. My stuff arrived on time. Loved it and would do it again!
I joined the folks who sent the GC to themselves via an e-card. Took maybe 15 minutes for the card notice/GC to appear in my email.I was converting an Amex gift card to a gift cert so that I could use it as a partial payment for my order. Given all the bad reviews I don't think I'd chance it as a gift.
I have gotten lots of Amazon Gift certificates over the past year and a half, and I love them.  I live in a place where shipping can be a problem, so my family loves to send them for birthdays, etc, since then they don't have to actually send me anything.Every time I have gotten a confirmation email (Usually two . . one from my friend/relative, and one from Amazon).  They include a code, and you go to Amazon and log into your account, and put in the code.  Very simple.  Be sure you always use the same account.I think it is great, if I have 5-10 $ leftover, I just leave it on there, until I get a new Amazon gift certificate, and then there is extra!  Once I got a promotional Amazon gift certificate for doing a suvey for yahoo or something.  Yes!  Great!  $5 to cover the shipping for the next one.I think they are a great gift, espcially since they can be given in any denomination.  I love getting $5 (hey that covers shipping on any purchase I make on Amazon) or of course, if you really want to make me happy, give me more than $100, because there are some great big ticket items too.
I ordered the gift certificate at 11:12 this morning...I received it at 11:35...excellent service!  I am a registered customer at Amazon.com, so this may have had something to do with the amount of time involved; however, I have never had any delays unless the book was on backorder.
I've received several gift certificates via e-mail and never had a problem redeeming them.  I can't speak for the paper versions, but then, why bother?  If the person you're buying the gift for shops for books on-line in the first place, why not just send the e-mail certificate and save some postage?
I know when I use something for the first time I check out whats available.And when I went to the help pages and looked at the MP3 fairly plain as day.wasPayment Methods We AcceptThe Amazon MP3 Music Downloads store uses the 1-Click ordering method, which requires a Debit Card or Credit Card as the payment method. Payment methods such as Pay Directly from Your Bank Account, checks, Gift Certificates, or promotional certificates are not accepted for Amazon MP3 Music orders.Cant really blame anyone but yourself.It took itunes something like a year and a half before Gift cards where accepted.Just step up and read before you buy.
My teenage niece and nephew love the only gift that always fit.  They count on my gift certificates and save them up for major purchases like DVD players.
Giving a gift certificate from amazon.com is a size that fits all---or almost all. MOST of the human population is online now. I'm always so amazed at Amazon's inventory and/or access to inventory. A gift certificate gives the recipient a chance to get something they've been wishing for or a chance to get the latest thing, whatever that might be, that they might not have sprung for on their own. I love to give them and I love to get them. It's like being a kid in a toy store....you search, make a prioritized list in your mind and then the big decision of how to spend your gift money. To give one as a gift is to know your gift will matter and be enjoyed which brings a smile. Isn't that what it's all about?
I purchased a gift certificate for my brother online, since it was too late for a paper certificate to get to me by Christmas.  I decided to email it to myself and then print it out for him.  There was about a 12 hour delay with receiving the code for the actual certificate, but understandable given the holiday rush.  Overall the purchasing experience was great.  My only complaint was I wanted to pay by e-check rather than a credit or debit card and I wasn't able to do that.
I had read some of the reviews posted on this web site and I was hesitant to purchase a gift certificate. I took my chances and I was amazed. I had ordered the gift certificate in the afternoon and by the evening, I was receiving a thank you from the recipient. I will not hesitate again.
Ordered two - arrived within the hour...
Before purchasing a few gift certificates online for Christmas this year, I read the reviews and was hesistant at first.  BUT....I am glad to report that I ordered two gift certificates and opted to have the paper ones mailed to me.  The service was quick and the gift certificates have been received.  Thank you Amazon.com.
I received a gift certificate from my son for my birthday. He knows I love to shop on line. It was perfect! I could actually shop for what I wanted. It was so easy.I added the certificate number to my Amazon.com account. Recommend you do this right away - just so you won't lose it or accidently delete the email! Then you can shop anytime you want. Amazon automatically applies the existing certificate amount to your order. I loved the experience. I am sending one to my sister for her birthday - I am confident she will love it too!
I can't believe of all the support with the gifts and letters for everyone.  This project really thank you from the bottom of their hearts and souls.  I can't really believe the support from givers.  I hope to one day beable to say thanks to you all bye giving the donations to well needed persons to meet their wish list . They suffering from chronic pain on a daily basic and to get bye day bye day is always a challenge.  We at Cannada gives thanks to you all.  I hope that we can continue to support thoses in the US and aboard will be the best for us all.Cannada
I received an email Amazon gift cert. for my birthday this year and it was easy to use.People who complain really need to look at the policy and read the product description.  If you have a hard time using the Amazon email gift cert, don't be so quick to blame it on Amazon.  I've ordered from them for years and they always have excellent shipping options, good product selections, and excellent prices in general compared to many other online merchants.  And of course, they always give you the chance to give any suggestions or comments about their service and products to improve.  Sometimes they might not have great customer service reps but complain about those individuals to Amazon if you want, don't conclude that Amazon is awful in general.  If you have constructive comments, do that instead of whine about problems you could have avoided or solved yourself -- esp. with gift certs going into Spam -- that's not Amazon's fault, it's your email service provider; this happens to many sellers' emails -- spammed.Anyway, I'm a satisfied customer -- though there could be a better website organization of products!  Go Amazon!
After reading all the customer reviews I almost didn't make my gift certificate purchase, but I've had so many good experiences with Amazon over the years that I decided to go ahead and take the chance.  I'm so glad that I did!  I logged off of Amazon and before I could even switch over to my screenname to check to see if I had a confirmation e-mail both the confirmation and the gift certificate had arrived.  It took only a minute to get to me!  I'll definately do this again.
I never had any problems sending Amazon gift cards or certificates. Thanks Amazon!
I've gotten many Amazon gift certificates from my friends and family over the years, both through the mail and through email. I've never had any problems with them at all. In fact, when people ask me for gift suggestions I specifically ask for Amazon gift certificates now.I haven't had to get a refund on anything purchased with gift certificates, so I won't say there isn't any hassle there, but I have gotten refunds on items I've purchased with my credit card. I found the Amazon staff to be very helpful and quick about replying and processing my refund. I don't see why they wouldn't handle gift certificate refunds the same way.
Over the years I have received many amazon gift cards, as has my husband. We find them to be wonderful gifts because we have so many things to choose from!!  I also give them as birthday gifts...exclusively! People love them and it makes it easy for me not having to wonder if they will like the gift or not! What a pleasure!!!
If you know that the person you want to send a gift to, uses Amazon, it's perfect.  I sent one to my friend and he got it immediately and used it on something he really wanted.  I'm not sure what happened w/ the other posters to this review.  Mine worked out fine.
I ordered my Gift Certificate despite the bad reviews and had it sent to my e-mail address. I had absolutely no problems. The confirmation e-mail was there as soon as I completed my order and the actual gift certificate arrived exactly one minute later.
I shop on Amazon every once in awhile and have never had a problem with the site. I entered the site today to buy a Gift Certificate for a family member. I had planned on getting them the GC from some time...SWEAR!  :)Anyway, when I started reading reviews, I got extremely discouraged. MAN, it really looked like an unsafe bet. Then I thought, Amazon surely wouldn't be offering a product that had no spine and that would cause such outrage.Sure enough, I placed an order and EMAILED IT TO MYSELF. I received it within minutes and was able to print it off on my printer in order to give something physical to my family member. Absolutely no problems!And to think...I worried for nothing. You shouldn't either.
With the plethora of items available on Amazon, a gift card to the site makes a great gift, especially for people who are hard to buy for.  I read how some people had problems with email addresses and things like that.  Just email it to yourself, print it out and give the print out as a gift.  If you're sending the email to someone else, I don't see why they would delete it.  I mean it says, "Jack has sent you an Amazon Gift Certificate" in the subject line.  It's pretty straightforward.  And you can always tell them to be on the lookout for a "special" email from you.  If you have the basic mental capacity to type and check email then there's no reason why this should be a difficult process.
I bought a gc for my mother but sent to my own email address and printed it myself worrying that she would think it were spam mail. I received it within minutes, almost instantly and printed with no problem. I did not dare send it to my aol address since I always have problems with that one, my free yahoo address never fails me, showed up in my inbox . I think the problems may be what kind of email you send it to.
I am so busy I frequently forget birthdays until the day of the event. I have bought around 30 or more gift certificates from Amazon and have never had a problem.  They are quick, easy and the recipients have so much to choose from.  Amazon is my favorite place to shop for gift certificates.
I chose an email delivery of a gift certificate of a small amount (under $25). It was delivered in 7 minutes via email!Before placing an order, I had an email question regarding gift certificates for Amazon customer service. They replied within 12 hours and I was pleasantly surprised that they actually answered the question I was asking, instead of sending me an essay-type reply that was not related to my actual question This had happened in a couple of my previous contacts with their customer service last year, which made me wonder whether they actually read the question, or they have a program that sends canned replies based on keywords. I can relate to the people talking about their frustrations with the email customer service. But in this case, I had a smooth transaction...
If we buy something that turns out to be a dud we are probably more likely to write in and complain. That can  skew the data regarding overall experience with a product.For the record, I have purchased about 75 Amazon Gift Certificates over the last 8 years, and neither I nor the recipients have ever had a single problem with them. Today I am going to order 7 more of them.
This is a great Christmas present for people!!  I don't know why so many people have had issues.  Maybe it is holiday interolability and impatience.  However, I did receive my certificate nearly seconds after I had purchased it - as my email program was open.  Additionally, I have never had a problem with Amazon's customer support.  Even when no fault of theirs, rather USPS as I could track the shipment, I never received my order in the mail and they completely replaced it for me for free.
I've recently received a 1000us$ Gift Certificate, for my 25th birthday. My mother wasn't sure if Amazon was the best option because of all the bad reviews that people gave them, but after all she decided to go with it because of all of the good experiences that she and I had in the pass. After the first 24 hours, the status said "not yet sent" so she got a little worried and called Amazon (She had to search for the number in google, because it is not posted on the web site), they lady told her that because it was a large amount and an International Credit Card it usually takes 24 to 48 hours to be verified, so she decided to wait, and after 30 hours the gift certificate arrived. When I applied the gift certificate to my account, the amount was instantly added and I was able to buy my Macbook Pro (I had to pay for the difference).I usually encourage people to buy in Amazon, because they have always given me a great service, and great prices.Great work Amazon, and please keep on doing things the way only you guys know how.Best Regards,Carlos Vollbracht
I have purchased and used Amazon gift cards numerous times over the past seven years and had never had a problem.  Much of the negative feedback posted here appears to have to do with Borders gift cards, not the Amazon gift card.  I have always been perfectly happy with the purchase process and have never had a complaint from recipients either.  As a Amazon gift card recipient myself, I have never had a problem with using a gift card.  The restrictions on what products can be purchased using the Amazon gift card are posted right on the product description.  Further, sellers such as the Bombay Company, are usually the source of usage restrictions, not Amazon.  The few times I have ever had a problem of any sort with purchases from Amazon, I have found customer service very helpful and able to remedy the situation very quickly.
I was a little worried after reading the reviews, but it worked fine for me.  I sent the email to myself and it came through in a couple minutes.
After all the negative feedback I was a little hesitant. I have ordered gift certificates in the past with no problems. I decided to chance it and was pleasantly surprised. I did however take one person's suggestion and have the certificate sent to me and then forwarded it on to the recipient. Thus confirming that it was sent and avoiding the spam filter on the recipients end.
i've received two or three over the few years and never had a problem with one of them.
Amazon Gift Certificates have definitely come in handy many times when I needed a birthday present for friends residing overseas or when my friends have nothing on their wishlist at the moment. Send it with an eCard, and it really adds a nice touch.
I see some people had complaints because they didn't know when their gift was delivered. Go to "Your Account" (top right), then Track Packages (left, two inches from top).I just placed an order for a gift certificate, and plan to check and make sure it was delivered.  Hopefully it'll work ok.
we've gotten these a couple times from our friends, and loved them. we buy things off amazon pretty frequently. we've also given them to our friends here and in other countries, including germany and uk.
I read so many negative reviews that I emailed Amazon and asked them if it was safe to purchase their on-line gift certificate. They replied to my email the next day with a positive response. They acknowledged the negative feedback and reassured me I wouldn't have problems.I created an E-card and attached the gift certificate. I was able to choose the day it be sent. (You don't have to buy it the day you want it sent.) My recipient received it on the day I asked and was thrilled with the gift. He had no problems using it immediately.I'll definitely send again in the future  :)
This is a reliable gift source and Amazon is a very credible and trustworthy company. I send gift certificates every year and they always get to where they are going, and on time. After reading how someone else had a problem, it makes me think differently of in-laws, not Amazon.com
Amazon.com gift certificates are the best. You can buy millions of products on Amazon.com, and they have great prices.  How should I know what to give my second cousin for the 4th night of Chanukah? I just give everyone gift certs, and they buy what they want.Also, how the heck can all these raters gripe about gift certificates?  I mean seriously, if you can't figure out how to buy gift certificates, GET OFF THE COMPUTER AND GO TO THE MALL.  Honestly, no wonder we're losing jobs overseas.
I ordered this at 7:00 a.m. for a co-worker secret pal.I had it delivered to my own work email and then forwarded it to her.  It arrived at my email before 9:00 a.m. the same morning.  AWESOME service, delivery, transaction.I'm VERY PLEASED and will use this gift certificate service again in the future.Thanks!
I sent 5 gift e-cards to my staff and they recieved them right away.  All of them came through with no problems.  My staff thanked me and they all loved the idea.  Excellent service!
I was a little uneasy ordering a gift certificate after reading so many bad reviews, but decided to do it anyways.  I did, as one review suggested, had the gift certificate emailed to myself, so that way I knew it was done and I just gave the gc to my friend.  I got it within 15 minuties.
I love this service...haven't missed a birthday all year with the reminders! And all my recipients are extremely pleased with the variety of items they can purchase with their e-cards.  Great job amazon.com!
I had one of those Mastercard gift cards, but I couldn't figure out how to use it on Amazon.  Some websites let you use multiple forms of payment on one order.  Apparently Amazon doesn't.  So how do I buy my $600 Dollar camera lens with my $200 dollar Mastercard gift card, and the remaining balance with my normal credit card???I sent myself an E-mail gift certificate with the Mastercard Giftcard.turn around time was 26 minutes.I received the automated auto-confirm@amazon.com email at 9:19AM on a beautiful sunday morning.I received the e-mail gift certificate itself  at 9:35AM the same morning.This worked out great for me.
After reading all the negative reviews regarding ordering Gift Cards I was a little reluctant to order one myself. Originally I intended to have a gift card sent to me so I could wrap it and present it to our son as a gift to open on Christmas but after reading another review, I decided to have the email gift card sent to me at my email address, as the reviewer did. I have printed it and will wrap it as a gift. My transaction took all of 5 minutes to order and get notification at my email address. if you have any hesitation, I would suggest this method. It worked perfectly!
I have been on the giving and receiving end of the Amazon gift certificate for several years and they are very easy to redeem for onlne purchases.  IF you are looking for a last minute gift idea this is the perfect item to arrive in someone's in box.  Yes, it does take a little while for the gift card notice to actually arrive in a persons email inbox and this slight delay is explained when you purchase the card, or when you receive it. The delay in my experience has never been over an hour or two. I think when I receive I get two notices, one telling me one was purchased for me and to expect it and the second one the actual redeemable e-gift certificate.  Never had a problem.
I don't understand the complaints that were posted today. It seems clear to me that Music or No applies to the e-card itself, that is, do you want the card to play Music? I chose a Christmas card that played christmas music. I thought it was quite cute. I did start by going to free e-cards where I was given a complete selection of holidays with previews to choose from.I've sent gift certificates before with no problem so I have no concern that this won't be received.Also, as to a phone number, this is the internet, e-mail is the way to communicate with Amazon customer service, not telephone.I think Amazon is GREAT, and gift certificates are certainly a helpful way to let my friends pick what they really want.
I'm not really sure what all the complaints are about regarding the Amazon gift certificates. Mine worked just fine, and I ordered two of them.One thing I thought of, don't send the GC to someone's work e-mail address--many employer e-mail in boxes will block anything that has the potential to be junk e-mail.Other than that, just double check your order before you submit it and you should be fine.
This was my second successful gift certificate purchase. After reading recent reviews I was admittedly quite nervous, but decided to order this one just like I did my first one: Ordered the email version, had it sent to myself, THEN forwarded it to my friend.  Confirmation came almost immediately and the email gift certificate 22 minutes later.
I ordered two e - gift certificates and had them sent to my e-mail address. They both arrived within minutes. I forwarded them to the recipients. I'm very satisfied.....
I've received two of these so far: once by surprise and the other for a birthday present.  I'm about to send one as a gift.  Never had a single problem.I especially love being able to redeem the certificate straight to my account to store it for future uses.  That way I can delete the email (or move it to archives) without ever needing the certificate number again!  Amazon automatically applies the certificate to my order and lets me pay the balance any way I want or save it if I haven't used it all.  It's a very seamless integration.One recommendation:  send this kind of gift only to someone who is comfortable buying online and relatively internet savvy.  Otherwise, a normal gift card in the mail to a brick & mortar bookstore is a better idea.
Amazon gifts certificates are about as close to cash as it comes. Why? Unlike many other store certificates where you are limited to an often narrow array of products and brands that that store carries, Amazon offers just about everything (especially now with the amazing grocery section).In many, many years with Amazon, I've always been delighted with gift certificates both given and received
Wow, I've read some of the reviews on the Gift Certificates and I have to add my two-cents.  I've sent many gift certificates and I've received a few and I've never had a problem.The service has been great.  If that ever changes you can be sure I'll be back here to update this review!  Happy Holidays.
I ordered 2 gift certificates on the morning of Father's day and they were delivered by lunchtime.  Both my dad's appreciated it and thought I was extremely thoughtful and responsible for remembering their day, on time.  I would definitely do this again when that special day has simply sneaked up on me and I don't have time to wrap and ship an actual gift.
I have used the email service of the Amazon gift certificates and the hard copy gift certificates for years.  I was also surprised to read of other people having problems.  Amazon service has always been very good to me.
Was caught in a jam, with all the stores closed and needed to buy two gifts for people 1000 miles away that I am going to visit the following day (airplane: CT. to FL.). I decided to e-mail myself the gift certificates. Low and behold I ordered them at 7:44 P.M. EST. on the 24th of December and I received them at 8:08 P.M. EST. on the 24th of December. FYI: be sure to check the junk mail because received e-mail in junk mail. Great last minute investment.
I have sent dozens of Amazon gift certificates via e-cards. They have allways come fast...in fact the last took less than 10 minutes (Sent this one to myself and printed it to deliver in person). The cards are easy to use and I have had no complaints as they can be used for such a large variety of things.I cannot think of an easier gift for those far away, difficult to buy for or at the last minute.
Since it's a fact that people tend to comment more on their negative experiences rather than their positive ones, I'll say that I have never had a single problem with the Amazon Gift Certificates.I gave out four of them last year to my family for Christmas stocking stuffers, and all the certificates were redeemed with absolutely no problem.But ... I was careful in how I ordered the certificates. I personalized each certificate and had it sent to my email at yahoo. This way it didn't get sent to someone's bulk email folder and deleted. I also made copies of each certificate in case it was lost or something like that. I did comment that the certificates should be treated the same as cash, so there was no MISPLACING of any certificates.This year ... in about 10 minutes or so ... I plan to purchase more Amazon certificates since everyone loved them last year. It is unfortunate that some people have had problems with the certificates, but I wouldn't let that stop anyone from ordering for themselves. The sad fact is that some people can have a problem operating a toilet. Does that mean the toilet doesn't work?
I was a little concerned based on the negative reviews lately but I found it to be a very quick process.  They responded within twenty minutes with the giftcard, sent to my own gmail account to be aware of when it arrives.  I also did it around [...] so maybe it's a timing issue.  Good luck!
My "boys" send Me these gift certificates almost on a daily basis via email, they take sometimes up to a hour to show up, but always SHOW UP. I am a spoiled Goddess, even amazon.com works in My world *smiles*
I ordered a paper gift certificate on the afternoon of August 18th. It arrived at my house on August 22nd. The amount of the certificate and the message it contained were just as I ordered. No problem whatsoever. To prevent any possible frustration on behalf of the recipient, just read the fine print and make sure they know which merchants will not accept the certificate. No big deal.
Amazon does give you the option to select a date to send the certificates.  I bought one to arrive on Christmas day. It arrived and I received an email that it had been sent.  I then received an email when it was picked up.  Contrary to the bad experience reported by others, I was very satisfied with this service.  Maybe it has was improved after the reports of problems!
We got this from a relative as a wedding gift to us.As we both are students(MS and MD!),this was one of the most useful gifts!Anyone who has been on a shoe-string budget in their students days will understand how much it means to get those costly books delivered without shelling out own money.Have also bought many nicknaks using this gift card.Never had a problem and will vouch for it anyday.
I was given a gift cert for my birthday a month or so ago. It was strange, because as I was reading the many bad reviews about gift certs, I get the email notifying me of the gift cert!Anyway, I was a little worried, but used it right away. After reading these reviews, I learned that you will have problems with gift certs if:- the item isn't in stock. Only buy stuff with your gift cert that says 'ships within 24 hours'.- the item is offered by a third party, and not directly from Amazon. This is a no-brainer. It seems obvious that this could cause problems.I only buy books and DVDs from amazon. This is what they started doing so long ago, and I figure they've got this figured out by now, and there shouldn't be any problems. These are my experiences and opinions. Your mileage may vary!
I have been ordering gift certificates with Amazon for At Least 4 years. My family lives overseas...and purchasing something they might or might want and then shipping it (it takes a month) in time for Christmas is a joke, for me. In the meantime, they might purchase what I ordered for them! Amazon ships overseas and carries so many items that they can find something that each of the 4 of them will want. I do this for Christmas and for each of their birthdays. We had a small problem last March with one gift certificate (the 1st time, with over 50 gift certificates purchased, those are great odds!), but we called them (e-mailing definitely is not the way to resolve a problem with most any company, Amazon included), and they straightened it out.I definitely think this is the way to go for last minute gift ideas or special circumstances like mine!
I've purchased Amazon's e-certificates for family and friends in the past, and I've never had any problems with it. As with ALL purchases online or brick, you should always retain a copy of your reciepts, just in case. Also, make sure the person you're buying it for has internet access along with an active email address, or else it's useless. Otherwise this is a great way to go for that last-minute or hard to find gift. Happy gift giving!
I've purchased several Gift certificates on different occasions and never had any difficulty.Just purchased another this morning. Had the confirmation in seconds. Had the Gift Certificate sent to my email and  that arrived within 3 hours.No problem........
At the very last minute I bought an email gift certificate, and in the interest of finding out if it had been recieved, I had my giftee check their email early.  At first there was no sign, as with other customers, but then the gift certificate email turned up in their Junk Mail folder, much to their delight.  Perhaps other customers will find their long lost gifts amongst their Spam.So far this has been a very simple, easy, and satisfying gift giving experience.  And thank you Amazon for being there at the last moment.  My hide was not tanned.
Having out of town family makes sending email gift certificates the easiest way to make everyone happy.  My grown children can buy music, DVDs, books, whatever they please and they're thrilled.  My grandchildren are just as happy to pick out their own things, not something I THINK they want.For me, this worked flawlessly and my son was surprised and very happy with his email gift.  He said it was "very cool", but picking a few things out of the tons of things he saw and wanted drove him "mad"!  I will definitely do this again.Way to go Amazon!
I dont know about the mailing service because I ordered through email. It was the easiest process and took maybe 5 minutes. The email came two minutes after that and my brother said it was the best graduation gift.
I have been sending Amazon gift certificates to friends and family for a few years now.  Only once have I experienced an issue with a recipient deleting or not receiving the email.  Amazon promptly sent another copy to them for me....no arguments or hassels.  I have just purchsed 3 more in the past few days.  Nothing is more convenient, and where else can the recipient have so many choices to spend it on?!  Hooray for Amazon!!!
I don't know why the other people had such a hard time.  I just sent an email certificate to myself and printed it out for my friend.  It came back to me almost immediately.  So no problems here.  Worked like a charm.  Perfect for that last minute gift.
After years of sending Christmas and birthday packages from Europe to family in the US, last year I started sending gift certificates from Amazon.com instead. Doing so has saved me loads of time shopping for gifts I wasn't even sure would be appreciated (and which did not always arrive fully intact). And it's eliminated the stress of figuring out the perfect gift. The gift certificates have been a big hit with my nephews, who love going on the Amazon.com website and selecting their own gifts.Makes them feel very grown-up. In short, I'm a fan of the certificates and haven't encountered any problems.
i usually get complaints from my girlfriend about the poor choice of my gifts. However i got praised for the first time when i sent her this gift certificate. Highly recommened!!
I ordered the gift certificate for myself using a Visa gift card that I had. Why not just use the Visa gift card for a purchase, you ask...because if your total exceeds the amount of the gift card, you cannot use a credit card to fund the remainder of the balance. So how else are you suppose to pay without using a credit card? My way around this was to purchase the amazon g/c with the Visa g/c so I could still use my credit card.I had the amazon gift certificate sent to my own email which I received the same day within hours of placing the order. I had no problems with the purchase or receipt of the amazon gift certificate from start to finish. Would not hesitate ordering again based on my experience.
I was able to send a beautiful e-card with a gift certificate by email the very next day! I was notified within hours of my purchase and all went very smoothly. I'm very satisfied and will definitely be back.
I am putting 5 star rating to make sure, my review comes on top of list.This is the worst gift card ever seen.You cannot see where have you used this gift card in "Your Account". Not only this but there is no customer service 800 number so you never know what's going on.I myself have personally problems.Thanks,Jatin
This is the second year I've used this service to recognize my team.  I just ordered and sent out 16 eCards to my employees and have confirmation that all have been delivered less than an hour later.  Several of my folks have picked them up already.We're a Fortune 200, global corporation and all certificates were sent to the employee's business email account.Here are some comments received in the past 15 minutes:"Thanks much for the Amazon gift card!  Last year I ended up with external speakers for my iPod and I absolutely love them...who knows what this year will bring.""Thank You :>) very much for the gift certificate.  Wish you and your Family a Very Happy and Safe Holiday""This is just the kind of gift I need."
Just for using my Amazon.com Visa, I have received a number of $25.00 gift certificates from Amazon.  Not only have I recommended the credit card to people, but I have never had a problem using these certificates.  The expiration date is 18 months in the future -- I find it very easy to make a purchase within that time frame, as Christmas continues to come around every year!I am not sure how people have difficulty using a gift certificate, but maybe they are not entering the certificate information at the appropriate time, prior to "checking out".  I've checked my records: my husband and I have used 14 certificates -- not one problem!
Did you forget to buy a gift?  No sweat!  Your Amazon gift certificate can be there in a couple of hours.  No idea what your brother's kids play with? No problemo!  Books, toys, CDs... whatever they want, they can get it here.Personally I'm big on using Amazon gift certificates for all the nephews and nieces.  My brother's son has been getting them from me snce he was 7; his dad used to help him go online and pick a present  Now the boy is 12, so of course he can do it by himself.  Whatever he has his eyes on-- one year a Simpsons book, one year Pokemon cards, one year a magic game-- he knows he can find it here.Easy to order and send-- electronically or via mail. Spend exactly what you want.  Never miss a deadline.  And never disappoint.
I think this is great. Most of the time I have no idea what to buy anyone, this was fast and painless and I had it in my Email in less than 10 min. Normaly I would out and buy a certificate but that is only good at that store,this way they have selection and can shop at home. Thanks !!
Having trouble finding the right gift? The solution is giftcards! These are good as you can use them for a variety of products and stores through amazon.com even on used items. You can have them sent through the mail (so you have the actual certificate to give to people), have it sent through e-mail or e-card. Its just as easy though to have it sent to yourself then sent to the recepient by having it forwarded or copy and paste it to a new e-mail just so they don't get the e-mail before a holiday or birthday. I havn't had any problems yet but then again, i never heard of any producy never having problems. My only concern is that I hate how everything is automated nowadays so that you neber really speak to a live person. Guess just shows how times have chenged.
I think the best advice for these gift certificates is for the person ordering to have it sent to their own email address then forward it on to their recipiant.  Or print it out mail/take it to them.This is what my friend did for me and it worked perfectly.  The confirmation was immediate and the GC came to her email shortly there after, which she forwarded on to me and I used today.  No problems at all.I'd recommend them to anyone.
I've had gift certificates sent to me and they have arrived in as little as 10 minutes and as long as 6 hours. Still, they do say a few hours so it was expected.
I took my chances even after reading all this negative feedback on Amazon gift certificates and sent two gift cards via email just last week.  Both recipients got them within the hour and had no trouble using them.  Just thought I'd add my experience!
I am so excited that I found out about Amazon.com e-cards/gift certificates. I have a friend that is traveling all over Central America and I do not have his current location, nor do I think a gift will arrive in time for Christmas if I send it this week via regular mail. And to make matters worse he lives in Alaska so I am sure nothing will arrive there in time even if he was home, unless I send it via very speedy (expensive) UPS/FedEx service.So what was I sending him? An Amazom.com gift certificate. They are perfect for those last minute gift ideas when you cannot think of anything else to send, or for someone that needs to send a quick gift that will arrive in time for Christmas.The e-card/certificate arrives quickly (within hours.) You do not have to worry about the postal service losing your package, and you don't have to worry about your gift arriving late (this is especially perfect for those overseas gift recipients.) I was also able to personalize my gift certificate by including an e-card with a personalized note.And Amazon.com offers a huge array of items for the recipient to choose from. Everyone can usually find something that they would like on Amazon.com (from books to music to electronics to household items.)Also, there is no shipping or tax on gift certificates! I don't think I could have thought of a better gift to give my friend and I am sure he will love it. What else can a last minute Christmas giver ask for!!
I have been sending Amazon gift certificates to people for years and never once had a problem.  I have sent dozens of certificates via email and they arrive within hours without problems.  Recently I ordered certificates to be sent through the mail.  I ordered them on 12/4 and received them on 12/8 via standard mailing.  No problems again.  I will photocopy them in case the gift recipient loses them (great idea offered by another reviewer, thanks!).  I would definitely recommend these gift certificates.  Everyone who has ever received them really appreciates them.
I've given and received many amazon gift certiciates over the years and never had a problem.  If I want to wrap it and give it with other gifts, I have it mailed to myself first, wrap it and then send it on it's way.  Sometimes I buy it with the person's name already printed on it and sometimes I order it blank.  A blank certificate can be given to someone else if I change my mind.  In the case of a lost gift certificate, you can resend it.  You can find this info in the gift FAQ section.A hint for gift certificate recipients, enter your certificate in your account as soon as you receive it.  It will be ready and waiting for you when you're ready to use it and will automatically be applied to your next purchase.  That way, you don't have to worry about losing it.  Just go to the "your account" section.  Half way down the screen is "payment settings" and "apply a gift certificate to your account".  You enter your claim code and its like money in the bank.  You can also click that link to see your balance.  If you don't use up a gift certificate right away, the balance will still be there waiting for you next time.  I like to let my gift certificate recipients know that as well.
Like many, I was nervous to use the gift certificate function but it worked like a charm. I don't know what the stats are on this but I will probably use it again.Good luck to everyone!
I was a little hesitant to get Amazon gift e-cards for my neices because of the delivery problems mentioned in the reviews.  I decided to go ahead and do it but told their mom to be expecting them.  I scheduled the delivery for 24-Dec (about a week from when I placed the order).  The emails arrived as expected, and they had no problems using the certificate.I wont hesitate to purchase them again if the occaision arises.
i have used e cards twice in the past 3 months and both times it has worked exactly right. my son got the card within an hour or so, and emailed me saying he loved it. he is in the military, so i am very happy to find a way to send him gifts that are fun for both of us and he can use. i do leave him a text or email message and let him know to watch for it as the first time he ignored Amazon thinking it was an advertisment.
to send the gift certificate to your own e-mail address (that you know you don't have filters/blocks on that will send it to trash). It took 5 min for me to get the gift cert. I then forwarded it on to the intended recipient. It worked very well. Just make sure you keep control of the situation and send it to yourself first.Also, make sure that you triple-check the spelling of your e-mail address.
I bought two gift certificates last season for people out of state. Both arrived via email without a problem. I also received a gift certificate last season. I had NO problem spending it. I'm not sure why others had trouble but I had none. And if the CG is lost for some reason, Amazon is like EVERY other retailer, gift certificates are like cash, lost is lost.
I really hesitated after reading all the comments below, but I really wanted to send a gift certificate right away. I've never had a problem with Amazon, so I decided to rely on my experience. I used e-mail delivery, the recipient got it right away and sent me a thank you. I'm sure things can go wrong once in a while, but I thought it worthwhile to let others know that it worked for me.
Because I have many relatives who live in other areas of the country, it is difficult when it comes to buying gifts for my kids.  Several times relatives have purchased amazon gift certs.  It makes a wonderful gift.  I simply print out the e-cert and put it under our tree in an envelope.  Then after they finish playing with all the toys the get from Santa, they get their gift certs out and shop on the amazon site for toys, books, etc.  It is very flexible and I don't have to take them to the mall for mall gift certs.  Plus, they have fun since it is on the computer.
Therefore, the Amazon.com gift certificate is everything a gift should be.On-line shopping is almost perfect at Amazon.  You can find almost everything you can imagine wanting to buy.  You can find advice and opinions about almost everything.  You can get fast and free shipping.  You can get used items at a deep discount.  You can shop at new stores as they join the Amazon team.  You never have to look for a parking spot.  You can trust that your credit information is safe and that Amazon sellers will be held to high standards.So, when you get an Amazon gift certificate, it is like getting 3 wishes from the Genie in the bottle, like hitting the "pick 4" on your lunch break, like winning the office football pool, like knowing the glass slipper fits, like finding out that you will be doing the IRS refund dance, like being able to choose just what you always wanted!This is CLEARLY a win-win.  I love to give and receive the Amazon Gift Certificates, and I think you will, too!
Amazon, you SAVED my bacon. I saw a friend log on to my buddy list, it reminded me it was her birthday. I immeidately went to your gift certificate section, selected an E-Card and ordered it. She got it within a couple of minutes and I looked like the kind, sensitive guy that I forgot to be. Thanks!
I don't "get" the reviews that say the certificate was never delivered, maybe they entered the wrong email address?I have been giving and receiving amazon.com gift certs for years now, with nary a problem.  Easy to buy, send, and use -- just make sure the person you give them to knows how to use the internet.Most of the negative reviews seem to focus on amazon.com's customer service.  That is a legitimate beef.  Amazon.com customer service leaves much to be desired; at best you can hope to get a semi-literate reply from a worker somewhere overseas.  Oftentimes they don't really fully read your email, so your reply from them is not relevant.That said, however, I've never experienced a technical problem with purchasing or using the gift certificate.  If you are buying for somebody who knows how to use the internet, and even better, loves amazon.com (for all the negatives of the customer service process, this site is truly the best on the web for a plethora of reasons!), you can't go wrong with this gift.
I have been using the e-card and e-gift certificate option for years with amazon and never had a problem.  The confirmation email is immediately sent to me and I'm also notitified when the recipient has opened the email.  I have used these gift certificates for family members, friends and even as givaways at coporate events - always seamless transactions.
Despite the complaints I've heard about amazon gift certificates, I took the risk and ordered the email gift certificate. As a precaution, I sent it to my email and then forwarded to the recipient. The risk was worth it. I recieved the certificate about 40 secs after ordering it. This is a great gift, since you don't have to shop and worry about the person liking the gift and the one who recieves it shops for whatever they want without leaving home.
Every year I buy my Mother a gift card and (knock on wood) have never had a problem!  Love it.
We regularly use Amazon gift certificates and have had wonderful experience with them! They are always promptly delivered and the two times we lost our claim codes Amazon was very, very quick to resend them or reissue them.
I have received a few, never had a problem. One guy said  " The verbage is contradictory. On the same form it lists two separate expiration dates. One says the certificate is good for 18 months, including a 6 month grace period. Then right beside that notice it tells you to spend the certificate within 6 months, and gives you a final expiration date (that includes the grace period) of 12 months from date of purchase. Sort of embarrassing to give to someone. I doubt I will order an Amazon gift certificate again!!"I don't think he read it right. They expire after 2 yrs. 18 months plus a grace period. The expiry date is printed. One is probably the 18 mo, and the next is the 6 month grace.It may be fine print, but learn to read the fine print before squawking.
I was given an American Express Gift card. I asked Amazon if I could use it to make a purchase. Customer service explained that it was only a problem if the amount of the purchase was over the amount of the AE gift card. Only one credit card could be used for an Amazon purchase and the AE gift card would be recognized as a credit card. However, I was told I could use the AE gift card to buy an Amazon gift certificate, and make a purchase with that. I did just that, and within less than five minuutes, the Amazon gift certificate arrived in my email inbox. So that I would not have to keep track of the email, I immediately redeemed the gift certificate and the amount was instantly added to my Amazon account balance. It worked exactly as it should.
I read about 100 or so reviews before I decided to order a gift certificate. Following the advice of several of the reviews, I emailed the GC to myself. The confirmation arrived to my email in a matter of seconds. The certificate came about 20 seconds after that. Then I forwarded it to my friend who let me know she received it. The whole process took less that 10 minutes. Next time I will have it emailed directly to the person I purchased it for. I have been a regular customer of Amazon for several years and have yet to be disappointed with any of my purchases or experiences with them.
There is a small delay. About 4 days even when doing an electronic, email certificate. Probably to verify the funds from the party sending the gift certificate.  I've only had one problem, and that was because once the guy sent the gift certificate, he reversed charges on his card, and Amazon would not honor the gift certificate.  I guess I shouldn't have waited 2 months to add the money to my amazon account.  (sigh) But I get certificates all the time via email, and have not noticed any problems with amazon themselves.
I purchased a gift card for my nephew and put in the wrong email. They fixed my problem quickly and my nephew loved all the choices.
I read all the bad reviews for sending gift certificates and I was worried about purchasing one of these. I have sent these before with no problems. I followed the advise of others and emailed the gift cerficate to me. I received notification immediately and then the gift certificate came to my inbox within 2 minutes of ordering. I then hit forward, wrote a note to my friend and sent it on it's way through cyberspace to her. I don't usually write reviews but I have been a customer with Amazon for quite awhile and felt like I needed to write a positive review for the gift certificates because the transaction that so many complained about was SO VERY SIMPLE!
I've been receiving Amazon.com gift certificates for about nine months now.  I LOVE them. It is so much fun to pick out gifts with them, or to just let them add up over time.  I've never had a problem added one of their gift certificates to my Amazon.com balance, nor has there ever been a problem with delivery.
As easy as pie!  I needed to purchase gifts for my godchildren and I was not looking forward to tackling any of the toy stores, then tackling the hords of people at the post office. Then I received this wonderful e-mail from Amazon.com mentioning e-gift certificates.  I thought, "brilliant!" I was a little sceptical after reading the reviews.  I gave it a try anyway and I am so glad I did! It was so easy.  No worries at all. I'm not sure why it didn't work for others but it was great for me.  I plan to use the e-gift certificate every year and even more. My godsons loved it because they were able to shop online and get whatever they wanted.  I love to spoil them and now I can do it more often with e-gift certificates from Amazon.com . - I promise, if you try it, you will love it!
I received my first Amazon.com gift certificate this past Christmas.  The e-mails with the strong warnings about not deleting were a little intimidating.  The reality is that I have an Amazon.com account, and the gift certificate was already dropped in my account when I logged in.  I had the option of when to use it.  Very convenient!  I disagree with the comments about the shipping rates.  They are reasonable (only Overstock is better) EXCEPT if you want to order with a linked, affiliated company (e.g., Target and their horrible shipping rates).  Also, the recommendation from another reviewer to order gift certificates through the e-cards link, not the gift certificates link, was very helpful.  Plenty of e-card options.  I was so pleased with my experience, I now send them to people whom I know use and enjoy Amazon.com.
...IF you know how to use it that is. Read all the terms If you dont understand. But then again there isnt that much TO understand. you get a code via email and poof! Thats it youre ready to shop. I dont know if you can get hard copies of these thingS since I never got one that way but the way Ive been getting them come in handy ALOT!
Within one hour I had chose the gift, purchased it, Amazon delivered, and I was thanked by the receiver!  One hour!  That is efficient.  KT
My family and I send these electronic Amazon gift certificates all of the time.  I have never had a problem with giving them or receiving them.  I am shocked that so many people have had problems.  I am sending one to my sister today and expect good results as always.
I can't say how often I've gotten gifts that are very off the mark.  It seems as though no one has put any thought into the gift when I get a thermos lunchbag printed with someone's company logo or a memory book in a pastel southwestern theme (not my personal favorite taste).  I put a lot of thought into gift-giving, but unfortunately, some people are just clueless.  In any case, a gift certificate is the best gift to give if you don't have any clue whatsoever what they want.  If you have to mail your gift, mail a gift certificate.  Better yet, email a gift certificate.  It's less expensive, and you don't have to wait in line at the post office.
Sent an e-card certificate with a typo in the address.  When I called Amazon, they were able to correct the mistake and resend the e-card within the hour.  Great going!
I must say I am astounded by the number of bad reviews for the certificates. I have given and received Amazon gift certificates for years and I have NEVER had a problem. I have had paper ones and email ones. NO PROBLEM. I have redeemed more than one certificate at the time. NO PROBLEM. I have used a partial gift certificate. NO PROBLEM.I am sorry some of you are having problems. Amazon is one of the best retailers out there (online or not).
I've got to say, I was nervous after seeing all of the other bad reviews.  I thought I would stay on top of it. Sent the gift certificate at 3:00 to my nephew. Let my brother know to be on the look out and check junk mail file etc. By 5 he e-mailed me saying it was there. Really pleased.
After reading several of the negative reviews I only ordered a gift certificate out of last minute shopping desperation and took a chance.  First of all I went through the e-card process then added the gift certificate-as many of the reviewers have said about sending the certificate to their own email I did not do that I sent it to the person I was buying it for but I put down two email addresses for the person-only downer was that I was ABOUT to be charged for two certificates because I put down two email addresses when I saw that charge I simply clicked back and picked the most reliable email address for the person and purchased certificate-I got the email confirmation of my purchase within minutes (under 5 minutes) which was at 4:06 then by 4:40 I received confirmation that the other had received the e-card gift certificate and when she opened the email I received confirmation of that as well.  Everything went smoothly but maybe just maybe it's because I purchased it at the buttcrack of dawn.
With seven pre-teen and teenage nephews and nieces spread out across the country, these gift certificates have been a life saver!  With all the interest in video games and music, this way they can pick out their own. I am no longer stressing over "will they like it?" and paying twice as much again to ship questionable gifts. I prefer to get the paper certificates to put in cards for under the tree.  Have been well received - in fact, now my mother is giving me gift certificates!Being on the receiving end has reinforced how useful the gift certificates are.  With all the selection, shopping at Amazon is like being five years old again and being let loose in a candy store.  Instead of the "what were they thinking" gifts, I have been able to choose useful items: books, a Kitchen Aid mixer (love it!) and cd's, among other items.  I have had no problems with redeeming these certificates, and have had no complaints from any recipients to whom I've sent them.  Great Gift Idea!
These gift certificates are great! I tend to use it in a numbers of forms and for pretty much every occasion  I need It, and by using it I wont go home asking myself if she or he like what I get for them because family and close friends usually say that they love it even if they don't, you just have to decide how much would like to spend and that's it, the only down size is that when the gift certificate are made for a high amount of money takes from 24 up to 48 hours for the person  to get it, that's understandable because Internet is not the safest place to have money changing hands and the extra time it takes to get the certificate is due to security confirmations from their part and your bank's
was leary to order this after reading a couple comments about recipient not receiving the gift certicate. yikes. went ahead and tried my luck, ordered a $50 gift cert. without a card attached. it was sent, received and spent by the recipient all within a few hours.  perhaps the amount and/or attaching gift card contributed to problems with the other orders?  at any rate, my experience with this was a good one.  will buy again.
Like another customer, I read the nasty reviews about Amazon gift certificate and was worried.  However, I wanted a book certificate that could be used on line, because it's a Christmas gift for a cancer patient and I think the person will not be going out much.So I ordered one and asked that it be sent to me so that I could wrap and enclose it in the family's Christmas box.  It arrived in a week, and I'm confident that it will work.If there's a problem, I'll write ANOTHER review!NOTE to Amazon: I'll bet you have fixed a lot of the procedures.  It might be nice if Amazon wrote a "review" of its own, to explain what happened to the customers who got zonked.Anyway, here's one satisfied customer.  LH
Since my nephews are in their teens, it's very difficult to know what they want for their birthday.  They live across the country and since shipping charges are so expensive I hate to waste postage fees with something I'm not sure they would like.  For the past 5 years I have been e-mailing them Amazon Gift Certificates.  They look forward to them every year and are so excited to see them in their e-mail inbox.  They love shopping online and picking something out themselves.  We have never had a problem with the certificates being sent, they have always received them immediately.  I highly recommend Amazon Gift Certificates, especially for the hard-to-buy-for person!
I Love recieving Amazon gift cards!!! I can always find something I want or need. Thank you to all who send them.HuggsLizzy
3 of these giftcards were sent to me within two hours and the redemption code was included. I have not experienced one problem and it's great for online shopping!
I just ordered 2 e-mail gift certificates.  I sent them to myself as others have done so I could print them out and enclose them in cards.  I received both gift certificates in under 5 min.. I have ordered Amazon gift certificates in the past and I have never had a problem.
I've gotten and given Amazon certificates with no problems.  I sent one today and it was received within the hour!  Highly recommend.
Very easy to order and you can choose to send an e-card with greetings.  My recipients received the gift notice by email within minutes after I ordered it and were elated to receive it as Amazon is their favorite shopping site. Wouldn't you like to receive an email announcing $$$$ to spend at Amazon?  I know that I would!
I sent a couple of Amazon gift certificates again this year.  I've been sending them without incident for years.  This year I accidently gave Amazon a bad address.  THEY (Amazon) contacted me to let me know that the certificate could not be delivered.  They also sent me detailed instructions on how to remedy the problem.  I followed their instructions and they re-sent the gift certificate.  No problem!  I will send Amazon gift certificates again next year.
Amazon gift certificates can be used to show someone how special they are to you. That is how I feel whenever I have recieved one, or sent one.With a great range of products to choose from, it is far better, and more enjoyable,  than traipsing around the shops for hours looking for something, armed with the feeling you may not even then buy the right thing!
I had no problem buying and receiving a gift certificate.  I sent it to my self because I wanted to personally give it to someone within the next 2 days.  Anyhow, it showed up in my mailbox in less than 5 minutes.  No problem here.
i just received my first amazon gift card and am so thrilled.  i have had a running amazon wish list for books for a few months to keep track of the books i want.  the gift certificate is even better than just picking something off my wish list.  there's so many things i never put on my wish list.  now i just have to decide.definately a wonderful idea for anyone with internet access.  there's no card to lose.  they don't even have to make it out to the store (a true bonus for the truely busy).  and there's the comfort of knowing that the selection of products is really pretty darned unlimited!
I have given a number of my friends Amazon gift cards via email and/or paper cards, and without exception, they have all loved them.  It's like giving your friend a gift certicate to an ENTIRE shopping mall, and they never have to leave their home!  They can shop for almost anything on Amazon.  I love this gift option and highly recommend it!
I had excellent success in ordering a gift certificate.  Based on other reviews, I e-mailed it to myself, and it showed up in my inbox in about 30 seconds.  I've been ordering from Amazon for several years and have never had any problems.
It's pretty ridiculous that these gift certificates are recieving bad reviews from people that have chosen not to buy them because of OTHER bad reviews. If you don't buy it, don't review it!With that in mind... I needed to use two different payment methods for my Amazon order, so I bought a gift certificate with one and then paid off the balance of my order with the other.I was a little scared at first because of all of the bad reviews but went ahead and ordered a gift certificate anyway. My first card was declined due to no fault of Amazon's so I put the gift certificate on another. The second time through it worked like a charm. I just recieved the gift certificate I bought in my e-mail and used it to complete my order.I wrote customer service after the first gift certificate didn't come through. They responded quickly and the matter was resolved without any hassle. I hadn't realized that my bank had put a "per day" spending limit on my card.I would definitely purchase another gift certificate.
First of all, I have been sending Amazon Gift Certificates to my nephew for Christmas and birthdays the past few years and never had a problem.  I have also sent them to other people and they, too, received them okay.With that being said, please be aware that some Internet Service Provider email programs and many school and company email programs/firewalls may think the Amazon Gift Certificate email is spam.  If that is the case it will go into the recipients spam folder, or the firewall may not let it by at all.  This actually happened to me this past Christmas when someone sent me an Amazon certificate to my AOL account.  My friend called me a week or so later to see if I had received it.  I looked in my spam folder and there it was.  I have since changed my spam filter on AOL to make sure those come through to my inbox now.Also, please keep in mind that if for some reason the person you are sending to doesn't receive it and can't find it in their spam folder (or they are not sure how to check) you can do two other things:One is to resend it, but to a different email address.  Just make sure it is a different address at a different Internet Service Provider.  In other words, if you sent to an AOL email account and it didn't go through try sending to another email account like Yahoo if they have one.  Most people have more than one email account these days.Please note that if you do resend it you will not be charged again.  You can resend - even to a different email address if need be - until the certificate is redeemed.Two, you can have a paper certificate sent in regular mail.  Slower, but still fun to get one of those too.  They all spend the same.If you do have problems contact customer service.  I did once when a shipping company - not Amazon itself - lost a book I ordered.  Customer Service was great and they sent a replacement to me overnight.  I received the replacement no problem.I have used Amazon since 1998.  I am on the West Coast and most of my family is on the East Coast.  I have spent a lot at Amazon over the past 9 years sending gifts back there, and ordering things for myself like books and DVDs.  It's been a really good experience for me, but stuff happens.  Sometimes its on them, sometimes - especially with emails - it can be on the ISP.  Just give Amazon a chance to get it right.  Most of the time they will.
I love that I could send an e-card along with an on-line gift certificate, they can pick out whatever they want and neither of us have to brave the mall scene. And with my long distance friends, I didn't have to worry about weather or not it would arrive on time or get lost in the mail.  Amazon sent me an email to let me know the gift certificate along with the e-card had been sent and then I also got an email once the person picked up the e-card and gift-certificate.  So I know they got the gift without me having to ask the tacky question: "Um...did you get the gift I sent you?"  I will definitely use this service again!
I received an e-mail gift certificate to Amazon.com from a relative and found it to be very easy to use.  I even had to return merchandise to a vendor after making a purchase with the e-certificate, and they promptly refunded a credit to the Amazon certificate.  I'd recommend this product highly!
I have had a lot of great experience with Gift Certificates on AMAZON and as long as you keep the receipt (which is a good practice for ANY online purchases) then you are covered in the case of an  al deletion.  I have sent out MANY of these and they were well liked!
There is nothing to equal an Amazon Gift Certificate -- if you could only get one off the Amazon web site -- I guess that's what makes them so valuable!  Scarcity!!!!!
I've never had a problem with these. I regularly earn them from a few survey sites I answer surveys on.. and I love looking forward to getting them.Thanks
I ordered Monday and had in the mail by Thursday.  Thank you for now my friend has personalized gift I can wrap and she can use on her favorite web site!  :)
Worked fine for me.  I sent an email gift certificate and it was delivered in less than 30 minutes.  My recipient had no problem using the claim code Amazon sent him, which worked even for products from Amazon marketplace sellers.
I got a git certificate the other day! I think this is a cool way to send people stuff!
I have purchased Amazon.com gift certificates for five years. I have selected the e-card option. You can choose from a variety of cards, write a personalized message, choose the amount and you're done.I've sent the certificates for birthdays and Christmas gifts to relatives out of state and every time it has worked smoothly. An email is sent to notify the sender that the person has opened your email.Children can even benefit from learning how to budget their money as they make their choices to spend the gift certificate. This is great for any age and works like a charm. I will continue to use this service.
I am going to order gift certificates again this year.  I had no problem and neither did the recipients.  What I did was have them sent to me so I could keep track of all of the numbers, etc. and then I made a copy to give to the recipient and they loved them.  One has not been redeemed yet and I found this out by going to my account and back to the order and it gave me all of the information I needed.  No complaints here.
I was really surprised to see the poor reviews for Amazon's gift certificates!  I have purchased these every year for over five years, and have never had a problem.  I have sent the e-cards and they have arrived perfectly, I have also requested the paper gift certificates, and they have arrived perfectly!  When my nephew lost his paper gift certificate, it only took one e-mail and it was replaced (by another paper one) in less than a week.  These have by far been the easiest gift certificates I have purchased, and everyone loves them because, as my niece says, "You can get ANYTHING on Amazon!"
:D I Enjoyed Reciving A Amazon Gift Certicicate., Simply its is A great way Fast To use.. No waiting for it to come in the maill its great..
I ordered four e-mail certificates this morning.  Based on what I read on the gift certificate web page, I had them all sent to my own address to make sure that they were issued.  Within 10 minutes of ordering I had them all, at which time I forwarded them to the ultimate recipients of these gifts.  One person used hers right away and had no trouble at all entering and validating the claim code.  I would think that this whole process would be automated by Amazon; you place your order, enter the e-mail address of where to send it, pay and then the certificate is issued and automatically sent to the e-mail address you entered.  There aren't any elves running around at Amazon handling these things, it's a computer so there's no human (or elf) error!  I suspect that those people complaining that they never got an e-mail with the certificate or e-card are cases of what our company calls "OE" ("operator error").  Now for certificates sent through the mail, who knows -- the post office has been known to lose mail before, as we are all well aware.  That's why I asked for mine via e-mail and had them sent to my own address so I know they were issued.  I think the gift certificate idea/process is just fine.
While he was hiding my present, I was buying his on Amazon!  I've never had trouble send a GC with them, and everyone loves to get them.  Perhaps other people didn't have an existing account set up, and that's why they had problems.  As far as a paper copy, why not make a little coupon telling the recipient to check their computer.  And aren't we supposed to be conserving paper anyway?
I get gift certificates all the time through my amazon.com credit card. I also request them for birthday and holiday presents. The only time I had a problem was when I canceled an order that I'd bought with a certificate. The amount did not show up in my account. I emailed customer service, and within 24 hours had the money in my account.I plan to buy these for all of my friends!
I've been sending Amazon gift certificates for our 23 neices and nephews for 5 plus years now - I also find them amazing for last minute - oops we have a wedding to go to etc. gifts.  What you do is you get the e-certificate and then go retrieve it and print it out :)  I take a screen capture to just to make sure I got it.  Never had a problem with doing this.  Would be nice if Amazon would make my method 'official'.  But the fact is that this gift is always welcomed among my friends.  Of course not everyone has friends who'd rather get books than dishes and junk for wedding gifts... lol - but they can choose to get those instead.  My one sister keeps using her little daughter's Christmas gift certificate from us to buy clothes for her through Amazon... can't stop that though.
I told my friend that I wanted an Amazon Gift Certificate for Christmas. So he bought me one last night while I was talking to him on the phone. I checked my email this morning and found my gift. I ordered something right away, and now it is in process of shipping. I love it!If you're thinking of buying people gift cards, do it over email instead of sending paper ones. If you want to be safe, send them to your own email, print them out and give directly to your friends and family. No problems!
I have purchased the Amazon gift certificates a few times because that is my mother in law's favorite thing.  She is always ordering books from Amazon.  I never once had an issue and I am pretty sure she never did either.  It is simple. I had ordered the hard copy mailed to her before and had one emailed.  So either way it worked out fine.A lot of places, not just Amazon, will give you a hard time about lost certificates.  If you lose cash, who replaces that?  Treat them as cash and don't misplace it and you should be fine.
[...] In my experience, the Gift "card" e-mail arrives shortly after the transaction has completed.  I have never had any problem with Amazon gift certificates and have given out quite a few.
Stuck  for  a  gift  to  our  son  in  the  US  we  tried  Amazon.com  and sent  an  E -  card .It  was  received  within  hours  on  the  other  side.  Many  thanks  -  a  great service!
personally, I'm always happy to get these gift certificates.  I buy from Amazon all of the time anyway, and I've never had a problem using these.
I did it today as I have many times in the past. WHAT is your problem? You put in your amt. and wait.. maybe a few hours.. but so what? If you were in THAT much of a rush.. you'd have done it days ago instead of last minute. This is a great service from Amazon AND if there EVER is any problem, use the help button to SPEAK with a customer service rep.. they call you RIGHT back. Don't hesitate to use this great gift idea!
As a few others who have read the reviews, I was quite apprehensive with this purchase.  However, I received the confirmation, e-card, and claim code just as outlined on the website.  The complete transaction was even completed in less time than I actually expected.  As long as the people that I bought the gift certificate are able to use it smoothly I give the certificates a 5-star rating.
I've sent Amazon.com's Gift Certificates to friends and family members for as long as I can remember.  They're easy to send and people love them.  Now with the ability to "deposit" Amazon.com Gift Certificate "money" into your account for future use, it's even easier.  I also love receiving them, since I can "deposit" several certificates into my account to build up my credit for future purchases.
This is the best way not to go wrong.  These certificates can be used to purchase anything, I just used one to buy three cd's from CDNOW (the music section of Amazon) Don't know what to get someone this is the best gift!
One, fill in the blanksTwo, double check the e-mail addressesThree, follow the instructionsFour, wait (for me, about 20 minutes)For those who said there was no tracking info, check your recent items under "your account", it's right there.I followed someone Else's advise and had it sent to me and I'll forward it tomorrow morning.I've wrote an e-mail to Amazon earlier this week about a different problem and had my response and resolution with in two days.Maybe I'll have all of my Friends write review similar to mine like it looks like some one else did.Great easy fast gift (just make sure you send it to the proper e-mail address.)
I recently purchased a gift certificate and found to be the best gift that one can offer. easy to use no preset limit since it can go as high as 5000 dollars. Just present to your loved one and you will not regretted.
I've read a lot of the negative postings for these gift certificates and the only thing that I can conclude is that it's just another "ebkac" (Error between Keyboard and Chair).  As with any online purchase, you need to be sure to enter your information correctly.  Online purchasing is not for people who need their hands held; those people should stick to the mall.  If something went wrong, it's probably your fault -- so there.I did all my shopping via Amazon Gift Certificates this year and everyone got their gifts just fine.
I hesitated to use this service because of the negative reviews, but in my case it worked exactly as described.  I took the precaution of sending the e-mail certificate to myself (as advised by Amazon to avoid spam blocking programs) and ALSO entered the address of the sender into my address book BEFORE ordering (again, as advised by Amazon, if you read the whole gift certificate page) so that the e-mail would be recognized in my e-mail.  The e-mail certificate arrived within hours.  I would definitely use this service again.
I have been ordering Amazon.com gift certificates for several years now for various occasions.  They are wonderful if you forget someone at the last minute around the holidays because it can be emailed right away!!!  :) :)  Every time I purchase a gift certificate from Amazon, I get a thank you from the recipient that is much more sincere and excited than other places I have purchased gift certificates.They are also great for corporate promotions!
My husband & I both have similar email addresses but his is a hotmail.com address.  I ordered 2 gift certificates last night and sent one to my email and one to his.  This morning mine was waiting for me to print out.  I couldn't find his.  Looking through the Help pages at Amazon.com I found a sentence regarding some ISP filters which block receipt of emails.  Sure enough, when I checked his "junk" email box, there was the gift certificate.  I just marked it as "not junk" so from now on the address from Amazon.com will be sent straight to his inbox.  Really not hard at all if you follow the instructions.  I then printed the 2 certificates and can use them right away.
I have had nothing but wonderful experiences with Amazon gift certificates.  I have ordered them during the busy Holiday time and at other, slower times of the year.  In all cases, the gift certificates have been delivered within the promised delivery period.  These are a great gift option when you are not sure what to buy someone.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I purchased a sizeable certificate for my 17 year-old son.  It was delivered to his inbox immediately and he has had no problem using it.Amazon gift certificates make a great gift.  They sell nearly everything, so you know the recipient will make good use of the certificate.
I've bought Amazon gift certificates several times and have NEVER encountered one problem. I mostly order the electronic ones and they have always arrived the same day. I have once, I believe, ordered an actual one to be mailed to someone. It arrived within a few days, well before her birthday. I'm not sure why others seem to be having problems, but I'd venture to say they are in the minority. I highly recommend Amazon gift certificates.
After reading a couple of reveiws I was worried to try this but like all my other transactions with Amazon it was GREAT. I had 11 days until my sister in laws birthday. I ordered the gift certificate and it was in my mail box on the 4th day. Great gift idea.
Easy to buy, Easy to use, EASY TO HIDE!Great for Hubbys who can't Gift wrap!
No issues here.  I ordered three e-mail gift certificates (Funded by AmEx gift cards) and received all three within thirty minutes of ordering.  I hesitated because of all the bad reviews and now I'm glad I followed through!  There's no excuse for poor customer service, and perhaps the delay others experienced was due to the Christmas rush.I would utilize this service again and recommend it to my friends.
I love Amazon gift certificates. I ordered three and had them emailed to me, I printed them out and gave them as gifts. I have never had a problem with ordering them (knock on wood) and I will do so again in the future. I love them and my family does too. Just be careful and make sure you type everything right, double check your order before you send it.
Amazon can be contacted by phone. 1-800-201-7575.  DON'T say or pick any options.. otherwise you are stuck in the voice response system and can't get a person.  If you just wait on the line you will fairly quickly be connected with a service rep.  I've received many gift certs with no problem and also sent many with no problems.  I've had a few problems with shipping recently and this is how I got them resolved.
Please don't let these negative reviews scare you off. This is an easy and wonderful gift, and the process worked like a charm.
We just placed an on-line order for a gift certificate and chose to use payment method 2, sending partial credit card info through the website and providing the remaining information over the telephone.Although the web address started with "https", there was no locked padlock symbol in the lower right corner of the screen to confirm that the site was indeed secure.We decided to play it safe.  Otherwise the transaction was very smooth and easy.
when I received my Amazon Gift Certificate in my email. It was a gift from an organisation that I volunteer for and apparently I was doing a really good job. Well, I did cover a lot of nights at the shelter. But it was a really nice Xmas surprise and very little surprises me anymore about Xmas.And it was never easier to redeem it. All I had to do was get over some minor confusion about the certificate's number. So I got two movies (In The Mood For Love and The Passion of Joan of Arc) that I really, really wanted, wanted for quite a while, and then kept the balance for some future reference.Which in this instance was my nephew's birthday.
I have ordered a $50 gift certificate yesterday evening, send it to myself and received in within 10 min. So I cannot complain.
I ordered this 3 days before Christmas and everything went incredibly smoothly.  As always great and fast service.Thanks
First I don't work for Amazon, I work for an architectural firm in texas.  The horrid reviews, can only be due to people not thinking.  I sent the gift e-mail to my own home email, which is a web based (yahoo) email.  It DID arrive in the "junk mail" box but of course I was expecting it!!  I moved it to the inbox, opened it, printed it out.  Now from this point you can either forward the email to the intended recepient, or print it out and HAND it to him.  All he needs is the code number to claim his gift card value when shopping on Amazon!  Do it right.  And let me tell you, I had much rather have a gift card/code from Amazon than those other gold plated B&N; booksellers!  Unfortunately someone gave me one of those last xmas, and the same book at B&N; costs about $4 less on Amazon, for one book, and I got thru 3 or so books a month.  I LOVE Amazon and have asked from now on that my family and friends give me Amazon gift card/cods, not the other gold plated guys.  No sales tax, no inflated prices, just good books.  Thanks big Amazon.nom de plume,Doc
I can understand the frustration of those who had a bad experience, but I find the gift certificates perfect.  I live in Ireland and have cousins and godchildren all over the USA. Every Christmas I send a large number of certificates and have never had a single one arrive late or not turn up or cause any kind of problem. Given the cost and unreliability of international post (not to mention the difficulty of knowing what a teenage cousin in Ohio might or might not like!), Amazon gift certificates are perfect.  Mind you, might be no harm if Amazon invested a little more in customer service - if one of mine DOES go astray some day, I'd like to know there will be someone there to help out.
Why is it that people think you can't buy an Amazon.com gift certificate to be printed out and placed in a card?All you have to do is enter your own email address as the address you want the gift certificate sent to. Then you can print out the email and cut-out the image of the certificate, or depending on how good you are with a computer, you can take a screen capture of the certificate and make it look the way you want before printing it.
I've been buying Amazon gift certificates for my friends, family, customers and employees for years.  They've always worked fabulously and have been very much enjoyed by hundreds of my gift recipients.  Thanks, Amazon!
My ecard gift certificate was emailed to the recipient less than one hour after I purchased it and was used to make a purchase within 30 minutes of receipt with no problems.
I needed a wedding anniversary present for my wife this day and I didn't want to have to leave home to go shopping.  I considered buying an Amazon.com gift certificate.  I read the reviews first and noted how many bad ones were there, along with a number of good ones.  So I figured it was a toss up!I have been an Amazon.com customer for a number of years and never had any problems except with a third-party seller at the Marketplace (Amazon.com helped me resolve that problem very quickly).  Therefore, based on my prior experience with Amazon, I decided to order a gift certificate despite so many bad reviews.  I did note what others had written and had it emailed to myself.  And, yes, I did have to fish it out of my junk mail folder.  But thanks to those who shared their experiences, my own experience was painless.  I got the order confirmation and email certificate within 15-20 minutes.  I printed out the email and put it in an envelope with a greeting card to give to my wife.  End of story.
I read the reviews and was leary, but since I had done this last year with no problems I decided to try it again.  I sent the email certificate to myself (just in case) and then printed it out.  I'll just mail it to my mom, or forward her the email.  It only took about 4 minutes to receive the email certificate.Good luck!
Read some reviews from people who struggled with this gift card, but not sure what the deal is....just realized I needed a last minute Christmas gift and ordered an Amazon gift card.  Had it emailed to myself.  Received the order confirmation in two minutes and the emailed gift card in 10 minutes.  Printed it, wrapped it, and done in a total of 15 minutes.Great option for those last minute gifts or the hard person to shop for.
I'm in Canada and I have a niece and nephew in Texas that are teenagers now, and I find it's impossible for me to guess what they might like for Christmas. I figured a gift certificate from Amazon would be perfect, so I checked it out - including reading a couple of dozen reviews. Boy, opinions sure differ widely!I took the advice of one of the reviewers and had the gc's e-mailed to myself. I received the order confirmations within minutes of placing them, and received the certificates themselves within 25 minutes! I was impressed.So all there is to do now is wait to see how easy they are to redeem...
I searched the reviews before I purchased a Amazon Gift Card for my friend for Christmas. I saw all the bad reviews and almost thought better of it but.... I took a chance and purchased the gift certificate to come by mail (wanted to be able to wrap something up to give to her) on Dec 7 late in the afternoon. It was delivered today Dec 12 early in the day and looked very nice for a paper certificate. I had no problems and it arrived very quickly. I guess that the few people that have had a problem are very quick to leave a review but I doubt that all the ones that are happy seldom write. My transaction could not have gone smoother.
I use these as a form of ebay payment when I sell to someone who doesn't have a basic paypal account or is overseas. Someone in Denmark just paid me this way and I had no problems at all. You can save the certificates you need to your account, then just use them when you need them. I just placed an order that pulled from my gift certificate fund consisting of 3 certs and it worked great. The leftover funds will just sit there til the next time I order.
I've purchased & received Amazon gift cards/codes DOZENS of times over the last several years, and never once did I have a problem.  I've sent them via both email & US mail; the recipient always received it, and the codes always worked.  I've received many, too, and never had one single problem.A little tip: if you're concerned your e-card or e-certificate won't make it to the recipient, email it to yourself, then forward it to them.  Your email address will bypass their spam filter, plus you'll have a copy, too.
I was given a gift certificate. It was easy to use... and my account kept the gift certificate info on file as a payment method. It was fantastic. The people who got it for me received it in the mail within a week - great service.
For the past three years, my brother who lives overseas has sent amazon gift certificates to my 3 children.  They love picking out anything they want and my brother loves that they get to enjoy his gift.  He sends them in the mail and they have something to open on their special day.  It's one of the best gifts you could ever receive!!!
Amazon.com gift certificates are a fantastic gift for many reasons - the recipient can use it for anything sold on Amazon.com or any of the stores listed on Amazon.com, so the possibilities are endless.  Even if your recipient has a wish list, they can use the gift certificate towards something more expensive, which is great.  Also, you don't have to make the decision on what to get - let them decide and then you know they are happy!Best thing is that if you order the paper certificate (which I always do so that I know they received it and there is never a problem with an email not going through or the email getting deleted) is that it gets mailed right away.I highly recommend the gift certificate.
After reading the reviews I was really scared to try for the gift certificate.  But I did and within one hour I had the ecard and the certificate.  Sorry that some had problems but it obviously does work...
I especially love being able to redeem the certificate straight to my account to store it for future uses. That way I can delete the email (or move it to archives) without ever needing the certificate number again! Amazon automatically applies the certificate to my order and lets me pay the balance any way I want or save it if I haven't used it all. I got the gift thru another service.Hopefully I get many more.. :)
I bought an E-Cert for my boyfriend's mother yesterday.  The steps were easy to follow and was notified by e-mail when it was sent.  I read the reviews after I purchased this and was sorry I bought it after all.  I even located the customer service number to call just in case she didn't receive it.  Well she got it and was very happy.  I even got an e-mail saying she picked it up.  I have listed the number for you guys who need to call Amazon and can't seem to find their number.Customer Service 1(800)201-7575
Others have already listed the excellent reasons for loving Amazon gift cards, so I won't repeat them. Since I read some of the negative reviews, though, I thought I'd post a couple thoughts:1.  If you want to print the gift card the same day you buy it, just send it to yourself in an e-card and print from there. No biggie.  (You can also do that if you want to send just the claim code to someone in a different e-card or e-mail, btw--just be sure it's someone who knows how to use it.)2. *Most* people have e-mail filters of some kind. Mail from Amazon may get marked as junk mail, or may even be blocked. Don't send a gift card to a work e-mail address (it's probably not work-related mail anyway, and that e-mail account belongs to the employer, not your sister-in-law or whomever). Even Amazon can't force a delivery to an e-mail account that automatically directs all Amazon mail to a junk folder, or worse, blocks the sender altogether. A surprising number of people set their e-mail to accept messages only from known senders, too.  (Hotmail, for example, offers this option and LOTS of spam if you don't take it.)To overcome this problem, I'd recommend (a) NOT using a spammy subject line like "A Gift for You," (b)checking with your recipient before sending to make sure the e-mail address is active, and (c) sending the gift certificate to yourself and then remailing from your personal account if there's any doubt about your recipient's e-mail account accepting/rejecting it.3. I don't know about Amazon for sure, but I wouldn't be surprised if, right around the holidays, their servers get as busy as the lines at the mall.  A gift certificate sent on Christmas Eve, for example, might take a matter of hours to go through instead of minutes. (Forgive the guess, please, Amazon, if I'm wrong here.)4. Check your own e-mail settings to be sure that *you'll* receive mail from Amazon. Before you send your card, you may want to disable blocked senders altogether, for example. In general, I prefer directing junk mail to a junk mail folder where I can look it over quickly before it's tossed away. If you do this, and also check that folder and all others carefully before emptying them, you won't miss whatever mail Amazon sends.Just a few thoughts . . .
Purchased the e-mail option.  Order processed in about 7 hours and worked perfect.
My family and I have been using Amazon Gift Certificates for a few years.  I live several states away from my family and have a hard time keeping up with needs, wants and sizes, so I frequently send them for birthdays, Christmas and other special occasions.  (My mother even calls me and asks me to place orders for certificates from her as gifts for family.)I really love the fact that I can put a personal note on them via an e-card and that I can track them on-line.  Family and friends have the opportunity to get exactly what they want without having to go to a store and stand in line -- or, even worse, go to a store and stand in line to return the gift I sent because it's the wrong size, shape, color or a duplicate.  The kids love the idea of shopping on line and the selection from Amazon is great -- books, toys, clothing...To really make things even better, I use Amazon's reminder service so that I never forget a date that needs a card and/or gift.  Wooohooo!!!  Can even do it at the last minute!Thanks, Amazon!
I love receiving Amazon gift certificates by e-mail. It's like a gift card, but better. Not only do I get to pick what I want from Amazon's vast catalog, it also gets delivered to my doorstep! And any leftover amount is not wasted; it's stored in my account.If you're planning on giving one, you might want to warn the recipient not to empty their Junk Mail folder without scanning the messages. I know that spoils the surprise, but I almost missed the first Amazon gc I received when it got labeled as spam.Other than that caveat, an electronic Amazon gift certificate is the most convenient gift -- for both the giver and receiver.
My husband gives me Amazon Gift Certificates all the time. I Love them! As soon as I get them I go to "my account", I click on "apply my certificate to my account" and then redeem them by entering the certificate number. Amazon automaticaly applies the value to my account...just waiting for me to buy something!It doesn't matter if I loose the paper that my husband gave me...the amount is in my account.I wait for my favorite author to come out with a book, and one click, it's bought.So...as soon as you get your gift certificates, redeem them onto your Amazon account, so it won't matter if you loose the paper or the email!
I have to admit I was some what afraid to purchase a gift certificate do to all the negative feedback. I decided to give it a chance since I already had a great customer service experience here at Amazon. I must say I was far from disappointed. I chose a gift certificate by e-mail and it arrived within one hour. I will defiantly use this service again!
I've been giving and receiving Amazon gift certificates for years, and have never had a problem.  While the certificates are not always "immediate," I don't consider this an issue.  I would recommend giving the recipient a "heads up," so the certificate is not accidentally deleted, as spam.  Also, printing a hard copy of the certificate for backup is a good idea.
I don't know why the others were complaining. Perhaps Amazon.com fixed there system, but I ordered an email sent gift certificate and got it less then 20 minutes after ordering. This was after 10 PM on a Saturday evening too. So, I'm happy.
You really can't give a better gift than this.  Amazon has one of everything (probably two of everything) so you know beyond any doubt that the receipient will be able to find something he or she wants.  It's the perfect gift!
My step sister has been sending these to us for over 5 years as CHristmas presents, and I have NEVER had a problem with them!
It's Xmas Eve. PANIC TIME!! I read the "detailed instructions" before I placed my order. I read that the Gift Certificate could be sent to MY email address for print-out. Cool! So I ordered (3:25PM East Coast Time). I received IMMEDIATE email notification that the order was received/placed. Approximately, 40 minutes later (4:05PM East Coast Time), the Gift Certificate email appears in my email "Junk Folder" as was possible and entirely predictable (again, I read the "detailed instructions"). I changed the email status to "safe", moved it to my Inbox, printed it in "Landscape" so all the "detailed redemption instructions" print, und voila, I have a Nifty Giftie to give a dear friend in a few hours. System worked exceptionally well.PEOPLE, please be PATIENT and use your God-Given Noggin'. Merry Christmas. May Spirit bless your life.
I have both given and received Amazon E-Gift Certificates numerous times over the past couple years.  Not only have I never had a problem, but I find that an Amazon certificate is appreciated more than nearly any other GC I've given.  People are genuinely excited to get to go online and start plugging in items from the ol' wish list.  And I react the same way when received.I can't speak to the type of problems other people have had, but I have had correspondence with Amazon in the past on a couple of issues, not related to GC's, and have found them very responsive and helpful, so honestly, it would surprise me to find their service was as terrible as some reviewers say.
every time I forget a birthday I know just where to go when I run out of time. HERE! Its a miracle. Thanks for offering these gift certificates.
I have been sending these gift certificates for 2 years.  My family always looks forward to them and have never had a problem redeeming for what they want.
I received an Amazon.com gift certificate for Christmas, and aside from having to send back clothes that didn't fit me right, everything worked fine.The catch is that people need to not only READ the fine print where you purchase the GC (which states very clearly where the GC can and cannot be used), but they need to follow up. The person that sent me the GC also sent me a personal e-mail telling me to watch for it, since it would be arriving soon. I actually got the GC before the personal e-mail.This is just like anything else in the world, imperfect in some respects because it was created by humans. But, if you take the time to, once again, READ the information available, and follow up immediatly after, like you would sending a gift through the mail, you should have no problems.
I paid for the gift certificate (easy process, about the same as for any purchase on Amazon) . . . five minutes later I had a confirmation email . . . thirty minutes later the gift certificate email was in my in box!  It was that easy.After reading cautious reviews here I had the GC sent to my email address so that I could then forward the information to the recipient.  There was no need for my caution (and I lost the little bit of thrill for the person who would have received the email directly from Amazon).Just two things to remember . . .Buying online can vary.  Sometimes you wait a few minutes, sometimes it's several hours.  If you don't get receive the GC (the email version) within minutes there's no reason to stress.  It will come eventually.  Of course, I have no experience with Amazon mailing the GC.Lastly, if you do have problems, here's Amazon's customer service number:  1.800.201.7575.
Absolutely loved it.  It makes sending a gift from overseas to family in the US soooo easy.  The recipients have not had any difficulties with receiving their certificates and redeeming them.  Keep up the good work.
Ordering Amazon.com gift certificates could not be easier! A few simple steps and BAM you're done. I like to send via email to myself. It arrives within an hour, and then I can print it out and include it with a nice card. Or, if I'm not going to see the person I just have it sent to their email address with a goofy e-card. Either way, it's a great convenience (if somewhat impersonal).Using Amazon is NOT hard. Read the fine print, read the screen while ordering or using the gift certificate, and you should not have any problems. But if you do, you can be sure that Amazon's world-class customer service will get you back on track.Purchase an Amazon.com gift certificate as a gift and you're essentially giving the recipient exactly what he or she wanted, since you can buy almost anything on Amazon!
I've had experience giving and receiving Amazon gift cards and had no problems with either.  While certainly not ideal, many stores have an expiration date on gift cards.  This has never been a problem for any of my friends or family, as we usually use them in a week or so!  I found giving them and shopping with them very easy.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Amazon.  I received and sent and ecard and gift certificate...both were delivered in UNDER and hour!! I order alot from this site, and IF i ever encounter a problem, its always fixed immediatly.  Thank you Amazon for making my Christmas shopping a breeze!!!
I use the Amazon gift certificate service a number of times a year, especially during the holidays in December.So far it has always worked for me.Just the other day I ordered an online gift card and it was sent and picked up in less than an hour.I am sorry that a few people run into glitches with the system and that more of the satisfied customers don't put in their comments but hey...
I ordered a paper Certificate but when I check the status it doesn't tell me what day to expect it, how do I find out?
I was considering ordering an Amazon gift card, but had never ordered one before. I decided to read the reviews before deciding to order a gift card.  I was somewhat concerned by some of the problems other people had.  I decided to give it a try and see what would happen.  I am very glad that I ordered an Amazon gift card!!  It was easy to pick out the type of E-card and order.  Instead of sending it to the recipient I decided to send it to myself and then could forward it on to the recipient.  I received the card within one to one-and-one-half hours (not too bad considering I ordered in the afternoon on 12/22/05).  I would suggest that people check with their ISP to make sure their e-mail does not have a spam filter that might accidentally filter out the e-mail gift card.  If you do not want that hassle, then open a free e-mail account on the web since they do not have spam filters.  That is what I did to make sure I would receive the gift card.  THE GIFT CARD ORDERING PROCESS WAS EASY!!  I WILL RECOMMEND AMAZON GIFT CARDS TO MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY!!
***** I sent out Several of these this morning through email and all of them were successful! Amazon even sends you a note when the person receives the gift certificate. I love AMAZON - they have EVERYTHING - and I know the recipients will find something that they would enjoy! *****
Despite what many people have said, I have received 3 Amazon gift cards, 2 by email, 1 by mail, ordered from London, and all 3 of them worked perfectly, and had the full balance. Combined with Amazon's huge assortment of items --- 5 stars!
fine. it's a gift cardit is what it is. how could it perform badly?would consider again. minus the up charge
This was a Christmas gift for daughter-in-law and she loves Starbucks. so of course she loved the card and a chance to go more often to Starbucks.
WOW, I got my gift card within 5 days after I purchased it and it was loaded and ready to go. Highly recommended!
I ordered this as a Christmas gift and it was wonderful. I would highly recommend all of Amazon's gift cards. They arrive quickly, are packaged nicely and make a great gift.
I ordered a $50 Starbucks gift card when I recieved it in the mail it was all ready to use, very simple. I'd recommend buying one! Easy easy easy :-)
I received this card right in time for a suprise for my daughter who loves Starbucks and was excited to receive this! Thank you for the fast and reliable ship!
How can you go wrong with a gift card.We have never had problems with any gift card that we have purchased.
I ordered my gift card early this week and I received it today, a day before it was scheduled to be delivered!  It had the full and correct balance on it. I am so happy about the easiness of this transaction!I also wanted to address the customer complaints that I've seen in other reviews...Included with my gift card there was an advertisement for a smart phone application that you can purchase or download to keep track of gift card balances. On this advertisement there is a graphic that says "Current balance $21.50". This advertisement is in no way associated with the gift card you purchase.Your gift card will have the correct balance on it and will be delivered in a timely manner. It is more than worth the $2.99 in shipping for convenience purposes!  I will be buying all of my gift cards this way.
I received two as a gift, both came with the correct amount, $25 each, on them, and I had no problems using them at the store.
Greatest gift ever..Yes I would recommend. Having so many friends that drink coffee this makes perfect sense, plus nothing wrong with spoiling yourself too.
This gift card was delivered on time and to the tight person. I'm not sure I could have asked for much more out of a gift card...wait a minute. There was a $5 delivery charge that I'n not too happy with but all in all this was a good purchase.
I purchased a $50 gift card and the card came on time with $50 loaded on it. This is not a scam like other reviewers say - unless something completely different happened. It was a very easy transaction and I plan on purchasing another.
i am so happy this arrived quick and works great. i always buy gift cards for store my family likes to give out for birthday or holidays and i always get them on here!
Um, it's a gift card to Starbucks. Can't really screw this one up can you? It arrived in a timely fashion so all is goooooood!
This was a Christmas Gift.  What better way to shop than at home!  This vendor made Christmas Shopping a breeze!  I received the item in no time at all, and the recipient loved it!
Came very quickly, which made me happy. This is going to be the perfect Mother's Day gift for my coffee addict mom. Visually the gift card is nice too.
My friend loved it.  His favorite store so he was so suprised that i gave him the card. Thank you.
I received this card right in time for my friend's birthday. She loves shopping at the Rack and was excited to receive this! Thank you for the fast and reliable ship!
What can I say it's a nordstrom gift card that worked in the store, no complaints, no issues at all!  They came quickly in the mail too.
I HAVE A GIFT CARD FROM YOU PEOPLE AND I HAVE NOT USED ITCAN I STILL USE IT OR GET A REPLACEMENT CARD SO COULD USE THE $50.00 IF THIS IS OKAY PLEASE REPLY BACK TO jdcottencandy@aol.comOKAYRESPECTFULLY,JODY COLLYER
What a great way for someone who doesn't drive to get gifts for loved ones. This store is so special.
I received my gift card quickly and was able to go shopping right away!I love Nordstrom and this was a fast, easy way to purchase a gift card!!
My dauthers bithday is coming up soon. I placed the order on 3/07/2013 and received it on 3/11/2013 it came in a good size blue and white envelope. You can't miss it!. It was activated already, I immediately called Nordstrom to varify the balance of $250, the cards were fine.. I will update yous after my dauther make a purchess. The insure yous that it works!.. Hopefully,...I'm writing this review because after I made a $250 purchess I read most of the reviews and yes I was really worried!!.. Terrified that something like that wood happend to me... I hope this review helps out and gives you shoppers  some piece of mind!... Good luck and god bless
It was a gift. The person got the card. There's not much more I can say about it. How dso you get wordy About a gift card?