This version has an annoying organ type of instrument playing in the background that changes the style of this song dramatically, in my opinion, in a negative way. The music from the guitar is exactly the same, but the song also comes with some recording &#34;clicks&#34; which you would hear if you listened to this on LP (I believe). The clicks with the organ starting somewhere around 1/2 way to 2/3 of the way into the song was enough for me to instantly delete it from my cloud and PC within 20 minutes of buying it.The version of this song from the &#34;A Fine Old Time In 59&#34; album features the same Steel-guitar sound and rhythm, but without the clicks and organ playing in the background as described above. I hope no one else makes the same mistake I did by buying this version by mistake. If only Amazon played the sections that differed between these two tracks...
I was browsing the 'Celtic/New Age' genre, and ran across this ... it's simply NOT 'New Age', and NOT 'Celtic'.Buyer beware!
I use some various sleep cds and they work well for me .  This one just keeps me awake and annoyed.  It just is not my taste.  Sleep solutions works well for me.  I prefer Ison cds for sleeping music over this one.  Then I have a few others... we are all different. It was priced well.
This sleep system is not an ultimate system at all!  It is not working for me like I expected. I have had sleeping problems for years and have used other sleep sounds that have been very successful. I had high hopes when I ordered this one. Now what do I do with the system? Can I get a refund.Sleepless in CA....
I was looking for some thing which helps or puts me to sleep.I played the first sound file for a few minutes but it had no effectone me whatsoever. I will give it another shot soon and edit/changemy review here but my first attempt did not yield any results.
I normally like songs with long drones.  The first song was a bit dissonant, and actually put me to sleep.  The second song woke me up and sounded awful.  I won't listen to either again.  I have better songs/backgrounds to put me asleep.
I have used several guided meditation recordings over the years.  The relaxation they provide is wonderful.  However, this is the first one I would classify as sinister.  The narration is intrusive and creepy.  I couldn't wait to remove it from my computer and MP3 player.
I bought this to burn to CD and have play all night as white noise for my son who has sleeping trouble. Of all the white noise tracks I previewed, this one sounded the best. But the white noise abruptly stops about 40 or 45 minutes into the track. That woke the kids up. So, I had to download an audio editing program (Audigy), convert the file format, trim off the dead part of the audio, then fade it out. (And it turns out that Audigy will generate white noise! So, I didn't need this at all.) Then I loaded it into the music player software, again, and burned another CD.
The download I got after paying is a corrupt file. My mp3 player gives an error message half way in playing. I sent email to Amazon customer service. They replied that they allow download only once. So they cannot help me!If you decide to buy, you better pray that nothing bad happens during the download, because you got only one chance. I don't remember exactly how big the file is. Must be more than 100MB. Here's Amazon reply in all its official glory:"I'm sorry to hear that you encountered a problem with "Relaxing Seaside (Nature Sounds Only Version)" by Nature Sound Series.Amazon MP3 files are only available for download at the time of purchase. We display information about the items you've purchased from the Amazon MP3 Music Downloads store in Your Media Library so you can keep track of what you've bought and discover similar items that may be available. However, the files are not stored there and cannot be downloaded again after purchase."
It is impossible to meditate with this CD. She talks so fast that I am unable to follow with such speed. I think it meant to listen, memorize and meditate on your own.
Just a warning...this has NOTHING to do with a goddess at all! I checked twice to be sure of what I ordered and somehow ended up with a totem animal meditation times two and it's not even a good one.One of the tracks says it is a goddess meditation but it is just a repeat of the animal meditation. If you're thinking of buying...save your money! If I didn't have to give it a star to review it, I wouldn't.
The 'gong' noise is almost inaudible, I cranked both my media player and my computer to figure out where it was. The sound is so faint, that I had originally thought that my mic was on on my computer because essentially the 'gong' is just a small echoing sound that is so faint, I had to time the mp3s just so that I knew they were at an interval so that I would not that they were from the mp3 not my speaker system. I'd hate to put this on my ipod and have to crank up the volume, how relaxing would ocean be if it was the level of a typhoon in my ears? Don't buy this.
The MP3 download of the 'Yoga Timer' CD with Ocean and Sunrise tracks has no clear marker of time. The two positive reviews say it's easy to hear the changing for them - one even mentioning a gong - which is not present in these tracks. It's lovely atmospheric music, but other than the waves crashing every 15 seconds - I listened trying to find a counter - there is no timer.I wonder if, perhaps, there are multiple CDs that are being confused?
it's only a 1 minute of music repeated again and again 60 times. There is no percussion instrument. just one tune played by flute then same tune repeated by violin and then by sitar.
I purchased this album to help me sleep after we had to take the air conditioner out of the window, unfortunately this file only plays 39.55 minutes out of the 105 minutes it's supposed to play, cutting off suddenly and distractingly. I have contacted Amazon regarding this, they made the download available to me again; I followed their instructions clearing my cache, uninstalling their downloader, and restarting my computer, but the file still has the same problem. It's evident that the file they have is just plain corrupt. I've requested a refund, but have heard nothing back. Don't buy this CD!UPDATE: Amazon refunded my purchase price for this item soon after I had written this review.
Deep Energy 1 has an insistent unpleasant undertone better suited to the buildup of a suspense movie than for mediation. As I listened to this album I found myself actually getting angrier rather then more relaxed. I would suggest trying something by Tania Rose instead.
i need this refunded on my account.  a mistake was made.  thank you so much.  i love all my mp3 music and have bought so many special songs.....not this album
First of all, I want it to go into my iTunes, not have to download yet ANOTHER media link.  Secondly, I can't figure out HOW to download it ... thirdly when I sat down to try and wade through the process four months later (my computer 's been broken) ... it doesn't come in my purchases anymore -- it appears I have to buy it again.  A total rip off.
I've used several of the Global Hypnosis versions and have liked them.  However, this one is entirely music and sounds... no narration whatsoever.  It was surprising given that all of the others focus on the narration... it really isn't hypnosis, but more relaxation... nothing specifically about creativity.
First off, this identical audio can be purchased for 99 cents... under a different title on Amazon.  ...just search for wind sounds.Whoever created this recording simply took an 8-second audio track, repeated it hundreds of times, and added some cheeps and chirps along the way.  I guess they're making money off of it..but to take the 99 cent version and re-package it for eight dollars is pretty sad.Bottom Line:  Listen closely to the audio clip before you buy this one.
What you hear in the sample is what you get. It is about 10 seconds longer & mixes up a little bit, but is the same back beat & about 3 different whale like sounds, over & over & over & over again for the whole hour.
Plays the same tones.  No sounds of nature like I thought. May be relaxing for someone but not for me.
The music has a off putting techno vibe to it. So I ended up laying there trying desperately to actually give this meditation a chance and between her accent and the awful music I was left wondering if all these great reviews were done by friends.
Why is this not available for purchase in Australia? Digital music is available digitally ie. on the computer or your music device, so why can I not purchase this (or any other MP3 format) in Australia? Ken Davis is Australian and yet we can't purchase it here! I have used Amazon for years, and more recently for my ebooks but now? Please update to be able to purchase in Australia - we would like to purchase too!I'm sure the album is 5 stars but I have rated it with 1 because of the service.
rip-off , did not work for me, buy on your own risk, could be $10 down the drain . . .
Almost downloaded this until I realized I already owned it under a different title - Music for Healing, Adagio
I previewed and really enjoyed the samples of tracks. But when I began to meditate to one track I suddenly thought something happened to my mp3 player because the vocal pitch shifted. Sounded like a record slowing down and speeding up. Turns out it appears the audio tech must have had a pitch bend on the vocal track, and just shifted the pitch down and up. VERY distracting and UN-natural sounding. I've been involved in group meditations where we change pitch, but it did not sound like this. This recording was definitely artificial sounding. And the pitch changes on the track were not going with the 'flow' of the meditation. I wish they had just left the vocal track alone. Otherwise it would have been perfect, now I am searching for another OM meditation tool. Very disappointed.
What a joke this CD turned out to be! A while back I had bought 'Perception' and really enjoyed it. But this offering from 2008, was a stink bomb! No cohesion from track to track, just a bunch of in-continuity! This followed no line of direction. It was simply a hogpoge of half-rate songs! I hated it so much, that I threw it in the trash, and I never do that!
Even at a $ .99 download, all this British woman says is "I am happy, harmonious...." over and over and over and over and over and over and over....Same your duckets on this one, folks.
I listened to it one time.  And then I smoked a ciggy.  It made no difference at all.  I might have done something wrong,  I will try it again later just to make sure.  If you want to waste some money buy it.  I just thought of something funny.  Maybe I will claim I can make people stop smoking and make my own CD.  Integraty stops me.
I was very unhappy with the condition the CD was received.  This was definitely a problem with manufacturing or packaging at the source.  The CD case was fused closed; not the plastic wrap, the hard case. I tried heroically to open the case without damaging it, but was forced eventually to break the hard plastic CD case just to extract the CD.I haven't yet had a chance to listen to the CD.  I hope the quality of the product exceeds the packaging.  Dang, I hope it is playable.
I bought another digital download from this Author.  I really like her, she has a very soothing voice & I was able to load this on my MP3 player, loop it & let it play all night while sleeping.At first it's hard to use a hypnosis recording that has pauses between tracks.  It tended to bring me to a more alert state of mind, wondering if I didn't get the rest of the recording, my player stopped?  After getting used to this, it's BEAUTIFUL!  I really like it & felt a LOT BETTER the next day, after just one night of listening.I'm very impressed by this author!
The CD title "Music For Deep Sleep", led me to believe that it would help me fall asleep. The problem is that the relaxing sounds of gentle rains suddenly gets interrupted by extra loud thunders. I have three kids. None of us could fall asleep to this. We had to turn it off in order to fall asleep. Since he title is misleading, it deserves 1 star at the most.This CD does a better job in keeping you awake, as when you want to finish reading a book. So, it has a different use than I anticipated.If you want CD to help you fall asleep, I suggest "Rain for sleeping and relaxation: A calm steady rain". Nobody in my family objected to that CD when we were trying to fall asleep.
I tried to download this 3 different times and each time I could not access it because there was nothing in the folder. I could not save the folder to another place of my choosing nor would it play in my Windiows Media Player. However, I could play it my Amazon Cloud Player. MP3 downloads automatically save to &#34;My Music&#34; folder. I have to admit I've downloaded quite a few MP3s and this is the first time I've had this problem. Listening to it in the Cloud Player, I didn't care much for the music. Glad I didn't pay very much to download it. Just my opinion.
Not my kind of music afterall.  Okay if you like it.......................no more words to describe it.  It's just a matter of taste.
If you're looking for a relaxing sleep aid as I was then forget this one.  In order to hear the rain the thunder is so loud it sounds more like bombs.
The music was simply not to my taste. It just didn't evoke any sort of atmosphere for me, either Elven or dream-like.
Now that open window season has started here in central Florida we are finding our sleep getting disturbed by unpleasant noises. I decided to purchase this Mp3 for my iPod so we could listen on a continuous loop all night, white noise! At first it was nice but then the claps of thunder became louder to the point of disturbing! No one could sleep or meditate to that! Soft thunder is pleasant not cracking bursts! Not a good choice at all.
It's not Amazons fault, but they should remove anything to do with her. This woman is charging people to come to these concerts that she's offering in these foreign countries because they don't know any better. They are mislead by her lies. She was at one concert somewhere I can't remember where anyway some natives from that area were there and they approached her and called her a fraud and a liar, and her bodyguards or somebody that was there beat him up bloody, then took them away...she walked over and dipped her hands in the blood and smeared it on her drums! She did this in front of people that had brought their small children with them! She is both sick and mental. None of this is made up that even made the newspapers... All you got to do is type in her name, and anyone can pull up a whole bunch crap on her. This review is one way we can get the word out, because this is really bad luring poor people who are really looking for spiritual enlightenment she said that she had a dream that told her she was Seneca and she's wearing regalia and a lot of people think she's Native American but Seneca nation said no she's not. on another video she admits that her father was from Germany and stuff like that but it's just she's really misguiding people I don't know, it's just blatant disregard disregard or respect for our culture. She also goes by the name of Rachel Holzwarth as well !
Starts off with some thunderstorm sounds with fire then moves into a repetitiousness factory sound background- should be called fireplace next to a meat rendering plant with thunder.
This product is worthless because it has a VERY distracting buzz/hum in the audio track.
A lot of money to pay for sweet bird sounds along with car and plane sounds.  Not very peaceful with the car and plane noises. I get those sounds for free at my home.  I think the seller should either redue the recording or state what it actually is.  You don't hear that in the small sample.
You can't tell from the previews, but the music is horribly repetitive! The sounds they use are down right strange and annoying. I just couldn't stand it and asked for a refund. Amazon has excellent customer service and they refunded my money right away.
sorry but this is a horrible cd. bought several online for years and this is by far the worst. This guy has no idea what he is doing.. avoid this!
There are real rainforest sounds incorporated into this otherwise wholly synthetic white noise but it is closer to being new age music than it is to being an authentic recreation of Nature. The one dollar would have been better spent by having handed it to a homeless person.
I was hoping for a good recording, but sadly, this is yet ANOTHER recording where they took the same 8-second wind track, repeated it throughout the recording, and added some chirping and cheeping sounds on top of it.  Listen to the sample, before buying.Note:  This product appears under more than one product name, with multiple advertisements..but fortunately, a buyer provided the same warning on the other ad.Bottom Line:  Listen before you buy!!!
I don't know what it is, but this CD totally creeped me out. I do not recommend it  for any reason unless you intend on scaring someone.
I didn't like this one.  Sounds were irritating and I had a hard time relaxing and falling asleep. I would not recommend this.
I started using this as a tool to help me fall asleep and manage my stress. However, since I stated using it, I've had horrifying nightmares and less sleep than ever. I'm done with this.
I bought the entire sound track  and the birds and criiters are quite pleasant, but it only works for 30 seconds. Really disappointed.
This guided meditation became very annoying very quickly--speaker has oddly nuanced vocal patterns that are a little too reminiscent of bad acting classes (or none), and very distracting, way too cutesy and arch, not professional. The sample clip obviously is too short to reveal drawbacks, so there is almost no way to avoid recordings like this, except for reading the reviews, which I will do more carefully in the future!
The voice was aggravating.  The music wans't what I would have expected from something that is supposed to be relaxing. Not even worth being free.
It begins with the author telling us what she is going to do, and then when she proceeds to do so, (in a patronizing voice, or more like a young sales clerk), there is background music (?) that sounds like flies buzzing, or a space ship humming. I couldn't even listen to the rest of it. I'm out 99 cents. But it could have been worse: I could have paid more. Well, okay, I could have been forced to listen to the rest of it as well.That background noise of flies, or an engine humming,  buzzing sounded eerie. Perhaps someone else would find this soothing, but obviously I don't. The remainder of it has sounds of waves lapping against the shores.I eventually did listen to the rest of it. I don't mean to come down hard on someone's effort, I guess this just doesn't work for me. Doesn't mean it won't work for someone else.
Save some money and purchase a sleep meditation with someone who actually knows what they're doing. She clearly is very new to this and should have spent some extra time practicing with friends or family.
Hands down the worst sleep meditation track I have ever used. The narrators voice has a very disturbing tone to it, it reminds me of how characters sound in a horror film when they are possessed. Absolutely nothing is calming about this track. I was actually scared to fall asleep to this track because I was legitimately getting creeped out by narrator of the track. DO NOT BUY THIS
This is as far from relaxing as you can get. It is a loud blur of thousands not the quiet evening chirping of a few.
Good quality but disappointed that I could not adjust the key that the song was written in to suite my voice range. Most Karaoke sites do allow the key to be adjusted before downloading. Some allow the key to be adjusted after the download is completed. I realized that I was not able to adjust the key prior to purchase but was hoping to be able to do so after the purchase. Since the key that the song was written in was not in keeping with my voice range, the download was useless to me.
I am VERY PISSED to buy what I already bought, it is a re duplication of Music Birds Love: While You Are Gone, all songs created by Bradley Joseph.  The worst is that this music collection does not credit the musician but says Pet Music Artists?  It appears customers are being duped over copyright and profit issues.
I regret purchasing this, it is not &#34;smooth&#34;, there are &#34;surges&#34; that having a looping pattern to them.  i find that very distracting when i'm trying to sleep.  background office noise, fine.  but if you are trying to sleep it's annoying.
I found this disappointing, it was set up in such a way that you couldn't just let it play and listen to just one version of the guided imagery and the narrators voice was unpleasant to my ear so that the version without music was annoying and served to wake me rather than help me to sleep.
after working with this no real diffrence have found other products better spent some time and found lil diffrence may of been even less motavated but could juct be my life at the time
I found this program to not be helpful. I played and replayed this session and was unable to get to sleep. I am not impressed with this program.
The meditation itself is not very impressive, and nothing about focusing on fertility - a rather grating voice leading on the stereotypical &#34;you're walking through a beautiful garden&#34; generic meditation.  And the only part about fertility is a child in the distance, who comes and sits by you.  It was painful.  It wasn't relaxing.  If you're struggling with infertility, I would highly advise NOT buying this meditation.  It made me more sad and stressed than before listening.
Rip off. Supost to be free. Charged me $.99  and only got 1 song. Maybe read the fine print next time
Just music, not even good meditation music.  Was looking for guided meditation.  I don't get how the titles of this music can be so very specific about the purpose of each track when it is JUST MUSIC, no words to guide you.  If this is made clear somewhere in the description, I am not seeing it.  Maybe the seller will see this review and fix the description.
This didn't help with motivation or strength building.I could have listened to a Moby song and it would  had more effect.
I thought...rain and wind chimes...should be nice and soothing...WRONG!! I ordered this to help with my sleep,but was worried that the chimes may be a little too loud at times. Well it wasn't the the chimes...it was the rumbling noises...not thunder, but annoying rumbling sounds (NOISE!). Every couple of seconds you get the same RUMBLING NOISE pattern...OVER AND OVER AGAIN!!  It did not help me with my sleep, but it did help to ANNOY me enough to write this review. DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU WANT HELP WITH SLEEP...IT'S TERRIBLE!!
This is really bad attempt at so called channeling.  Listening to a garbage truck compress trash would be more pleasant.  Beyond amateur.
I always listen to samples if I can and I am sure that I did if this MP3 had a sample.  The speaker kept saying that "she doesn't know how this works, but it does,  just like how a scab forms on your knee".  Words were spoken very close together.  Not enjoyable or relaxing at all.
Looking for something to help me sleep.  This thing gave me the creeps.  It sounds like a Halloween track with voices echoing and talking over each other.  Random bells....glad I didn't actually pay for it!
Can you please send me a link to the MP3? After I clicked buy, nothing happened :( I went to my order history and can see it there but how do you actually download it???? Please help!!!
I wanted to get this for my brother who could use a bit of a boost with his confidence and self esteem.  Listening to the snippet preview and the first few minutes of this cd I thought it would be great for him.  As Ms. Hopkins get's further into the cd though, she starts to draw out her words and then run them together and her accent is incredibly hard to understand.  Maybe the unconscious mind can figure out what she said, but consciously we had no clue and had to play it back a few times to finally understand.  This is a great concept, but not a very good product because of her diction and elocution.
I realize the download was less than a dollar, but it stops right in the middle of the meditation. I downloaded it 3 times and same thing happened each time. Is this what I get for .89?
This is a verbal relaxation MP3. There's nothing subliminal or subconscious about it, and it is the exact same tract I purchased less than a week ago under a different name. A soothing voice talks you through relaxation exercises. There are long pauses at times and just as I begin to slip into blissful unconsciousness, she begins talking again and jolts me awake. I'm looking for something that is truly subliminal - &#34;existing or operating below the threshold of consciousness&#34; (thank you, dictionary.com).
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsNatural Sleep Aidand they don't have subliminals! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsDeveloping a Millionaire Mindsetand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
Wow.  This was NOT Reiki Music with bell every 3 minutes.  There were NO BELLS - how can they advertise it when it has not bells?
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsEnhanced Love - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsLetting Go of the Pastand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
I am still trying to find out how to download to my device. it keeps sending me to Amazon cloud but I want my music at my fingertips with our without internet connectivity.
I am not sure why this had 5 stars I hated it and so did my students.. it was very unpleasant to listen to.. I deleted and guess throw my $$ away!
HOW does this cd have 5 stars? there are some seriously creepy songs on it. Like the kind that wake your children up while they're sleeping and NOT relaxing or calming music. Shocking because some of the songs are great. Better off getting the Pregnancy and Birthing Specialists cd/playlist - much more reliable and way less creepy.
I was just trying to listen to the preview.  First off, it came up as an M3U file.  I don't even know what that is but it is not the MP3 it says it is in the description.  Secondly, when I tried to play it all I heard was white noise, like old analog TV static.  If that's what your looking for then goody for you but, I am just confused as to if that is what it is supposed to be or if the file doesn't work.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsSpiritual Enlightenment - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsHome Business Successand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsAttract Healthy Relationshipsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsTenpin Bowling Training Aidand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsGolf Putting Skills: Golfing Putterand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsSubliminal Total Relaxation - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsIncrease Your Metabolismand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsStart Loving Yourselfand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsHandling Criticism - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsMartial Arts Training Aidand they don't have subliminals! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsIncrease Self Motivation - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsSubliminal Speed Reading Program - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsOrganizational Skills - Subliminal Messagesand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsIncrease Your Creativity - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsSubliminal Program: Quit Smoking - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systems - Singleand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsSelf Confidence Program - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsImprove Your Visualization Skillsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsTennis Training Aidand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systems and they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsLucid Dreaming Inductionand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
Generic walk down the steps - see your guide/sanctuary/whatever formula.  I found the music for the first meditation rather full of distracting beeps.  You can find free meditations on YouTube which are much better than this album.
I was looking for something a little more appropriate for teenagers/adolescents and the tension of squeezing and releasing tension in the muscles. At some points this got a little weird and others said the voice was creepy
The production is amateurish with no fade out on track two and an irritating bird chirp on track three every 12 seconds that does not belong in the track.  I think it is a waste of money!
not want I was looking for. sorry I got it. this music just made me not relaxed at all. I could next got to sleep listening to this.
Drove me nuts! I was looking for guided imagery. This is mostly music with a disconcerting plunk of a piano key every couple of minutes. Don't waster your money.
This has to be the worst cd ever! It is repetitive , spooky & eerie sounding. I can't find anything good to say about this !
Can't endorse something I can't listen to. Yeah, only .99, and yeah, I'm not entirely tech savvy, but when you do what they say you should do, and it shows on my iPod screen but I can't see it when i disconnect, then it's worthless.
nothing to say here, I attempted to download this as it was advertised as &#34;FREE&#34; only to be informed that I did not meet the qualifications so I left the site and considered it a WASTE OF MY TIME.
I could not hear the waves only the crickets. very irritating, was not relaxing at all. if the crickets were not chirping I may have enjoyed it.
Squawking seagulls and chirping crickets are hardly relaxing. Never heard crickets at the beach before. If you've never been to the ocean this would keep you away.