I bought this album because I really liked Kindler's "Across A Rainbow Sea." The sound is the same, but the thrill is gone.
Didn't work for me.  I found it more annoying and creepy than relaxing.  I'll give it 2 stars for the price.
Not as relaxing as I was hoping even after listening to the samples.  I could not fall asleep to this music
I bought this to have a guided meditation of the Merkaba.The album is about 43 minutes long which contains a quad-druplicate of most of the tracks. I contacted Amazon to tellthem to tell the vender of this.The meditation was great but the value of purchasingthe album was not.
There is a click/snap noise in a couple of places during this recording that's bothersome when you're trying to relax. It's not the rain, it's a recording glitch; you even hear the volume change after the sound.  If you can get past that don't worry some of the thunder clashes are so loud it will jolt you right out of relaxed state.
the sounds download to the amazon downloader cloud, but i cannot get it to download so i canplay it on the computer. so it is just sitting there saying there was a problem with the cloud downloader.a waste of money and time...
I have a ton of respect for Joan Jeanrenaud, but I found very little to like in this lengthy droning, chirping work.I guess I expected more "cello" in the mix. There are plenty of birds -- not the soothing tweets of an ambient "forest sounds" type track, but relatively aggressive-sounding chirps and squawks. There are also planes -- jets and propeller planes drowning out the soundscape every few minutes as they fly by.But there is little cello that is easily recognizable as such. Don't be fooled by the sample, which from the earlier, more musical minutes of the track. The cello soon settles into a very deep drone, such that you can't tell whether it's a musical instrument or some kind of industrial machinery run through studio effects. There are also some higher-pitched grating and wheezing notes that I assume are from the cello that come more to the foreground at times.I was expecting something more musical. Avant-garde, to be sure, but musical. If you laugh in the face of musical convention and regard the need for music to contain notes that go beyond droning and wheezing as bourgeois and/or peasant-like, this is for you.I do feel I came to this work with an open mind and sense of adventure. I give it two stars for its spirit in defying convention, but I know I won't be listening again.
I realize music for relaxation, healing or meditation can be so incredibly hit-or-miss. One listener's bliss can be another's elevator music. But, this was a profound disappointment.Minimal music for peace of mind is one thing- repetitive music for peace of mind can be counter-productive. If only the musician had allowed himself to meander a bit here and there, or even leave some space before the next repeated strummings...I couldn't relax to this, no matter who was massaging my back! My mind keeps getting drawn to the lack of any sort of subtle changes in the entire hour of music. It's distracting in the way it draws attention to its limits- thus engaging the analytical side of the listener. That hardly makes for meditative music.I read online that this is a single 30-ish minute performance looped twice. Sounds more like 30-seconds looped over and over.For my money, I'll stick with Laraaji's slower zither recordings (where he doesn't vocalize). They have so much more resonance and texture than this without feeling intrusive.
The sounds are fine, but they're so monotonous and simple that it's quite boring after awhile. You might as well listen to the cricket trapped in your basement.
I liked the soundbite that Amazon provides but this very long piece of music is only worth the 99 cents it costs.  Before you complain, I LOVE ambient music and new sounds and I like long peaceful music to relax to.  In fact, I'm listening to a 70 minute Harold Budd piece right now that's somewhat more engaging than Iasos' Javanese Dream Bells.  I had hoped that the soundbite would serve as a foundation for more exotic explorations of Javanese Dream Bell music but I was left unfulfilled.  The same 5 notes and pause occur throughout the piece with virtually no change.  The composer spent no energy trying new sounds, new or different tones or rhythms.  There are many pauses in the music which grabbed my attention.  What?  Is something new going to happen?  Well...not exactly...  In my case, I wanted more than this 72 minute piece could muster.
I downloaded this to possibly use with clients.  Perhaps it would be best used as a reinforcment in a clinical setting but as a stand alone I'm not sure it would be very beneficial.
I liked the preview very much and purchased this. Something went wrong with the download and I can't figure out how to repeat the download. All links send me back to product page where I should pay again.
The narrator's voice isn't that soothing, and the breathing exercises are more monotonous than relaxing. Thee are better, more hypnotic breathing CDs out there.
The short Amazon sampler is exactly what you will get, the same 8 notes repeating over and over.
I'm sorry.  I wanted to like this CD.  However the changes in pitch that is incorporated into the Om chant are distracting.  The synthesizer leads and not the voice.  It should be the other way around.It is not meditative except in parts.  Also the voice is often off key or off pitch with the synthesizer.  There are better Om's out there.  I own many Om MP3s and this one is my least favorite.  I'm serious, I really tried to like it.  I have listened to it 3 times.  I'll listen some more, and give it another chance.  My all time favorite:  Gopika Poornima: AUM.  I got it from iTunes and do not know if it is available from Amazon.
I must disagree with the 3 previous reviewers.  This is mostly mellow instrumental music with lots of violins and piano.  I get the "symphonic" part, but where's the "rock"?  Very little electric guitar.  I kept waiting for the music to shift to a higher gear, but it never did.  This should not be in the progressive rock genre.
I would expect for a white noise track to have uninterrupted White Noise.Expect a blank spot at about 7:40 and another at about 21:30.These were distracting to me. I had to use Audacity to cut them out but I really think it is unacceptable that they were there.Other than that it was fine. White noise as advertised.
It was lousy music for a meditation.  I didn't like it.  Ther wasn't anything soothing about that CD.  I didn't like the DVD's either.
I don't know if there are any ocean sounds in it.  But I do hear as if it's was a rainy day and near a highway where cars goes by.  Bottom line, the sound is not clear, waste of money.
To much of a hum in the background to enjoy. Not good for relaxation or trying to get to sleep to.
I did buy this. The person above me who reviewed this only has one review, this product.  I like some of the things Joanna has to say in terms of relationships. So, maybe, that's worth the 5 bucks I spent, but the exercises she suggests don't quite convince me that they help attract a soulmate except that your thoughts attract a soulmate.  How does imagining some object or thing that's beyond a wall help you attract good people? I don't see the link.  She didn't explain that properly.
I've got one word for you:  Seagulls.  How the sound of seagulls could ever be seen as relaxing I will never know.  I bought this CD and thought everything about it was great.  There was thunder, rain, waves but then the seagulls starting chiming in and it drove me crazy.  I ended up buying something else and have not listened to this since.  Not a huge fan.
Don't be fooled by the beautiful pic and calming words used to describe this music. It's Very Disappointing. Actually boring. Just a constant stream of water. No variation like a real waterfall. Nothing tranquil or relaxing about this sound. Do Not waste your time or 0.99.
The thunder is too much. I need a calmer sound to help me sleep so I can't use it at all!
The concept behind this sounds good, and I think the idea is great given the little I know about the science of HRV and health, but IMHO this is WAY overpriced for what you get! I have issues with arrhythmia and heart disease so I bought the entire audio package thinking I would need all the tracks, the last three of which seem to be basically repetitions of themselves at different metered rates. I realize they ARE different tracks, but I would have felt a lot better about purchasing this if the whole thing had been in the $2 - $3 range, rather than twice that much.
there is not enough of or the proper preview to determin if it is worth purchasing the cd or not. you deffently need a better prievew before i would even consider purchasing it.
I found the waves crashing to be too loud and not relaxing.  I would relax and then a wave crashed and you woke up.
I tried to sleep while listing this tape, but it's more annoying than soothing. Some people may still like it, but I definitely did not enjoy it.
I was looking for something to help my son stay asleep at night.  The crackling of the fire was extremely loud and sounded very unnatural.  It was not very calming to me.
This is a very good hypnosis for sleeping audio.  Mr. Leinweber has a VERY relaxing voice and his dialogue is perfect for me.  However, the background music is far too overwhelming for me to actually get to sleep.  The music is TOO LOUD and I wonder why he couldn't do the hypnosis session without it.  The problem with many hypnosis audios is that some of us cannot deal with the music.  I don't want any and just want to hear the hypnotist's voice.  I wish that Mr. Leinweber would redo this mix WITHOUT the music or at least reduce the music's volume by 75%.  There is too much treble.  That is why I am only giving this one a two star rating.
I just wasn't serious enough about it, I will again sometime. I'm sure it's helped someone or is helping now.
Not just Alpha waves it has the author talking and trying to hypnotize you.  It is not relaxing.. waste of .99 cents.
I didn't find it nearly as relaxing as I had hoped.  I was looking for something to promote sleep and this left me a bit agitate because it kept waking me up when I would doze off, with a change of pace, sound, etc.
I was excited to get the CD, but very disappointed.  The chirping sounds of the crickets was very high pitched and fast, and far from relaxing.  I kept listening to see if the sound would change, but the entire CD is the same repetititve chirping sound.  I wish I could have listened to a sample before  buying the DC.Kathy from  Philadelphia
The sample is indeed all you get - it's an hour of ambient synth; no real melody beyond a faint synth whispering in the back, and no real rhythm beyond the pulsing of the drone synth.  While this might be good if you're just looking for a quiet, relatively static ambient track with a subtle pulse, this is definitely not what I was hoping for when I saw the title of the track and the title of the artist.
Although I enjoy the deep sleep guided meditation that was from the same author I did not like this one. I did not like the way she presented the meditation.
I looked at the non-Improv-Version of this MP3, and it sounded the same as this one.  Perhaps this one has more instrumentals.  THAT part of the compilation I have no problem with, and I love the way the OM is used throughout.*However*, the tracks are mis-labeled: The tone that is supposed to be C for the Root Chakra, is actually a G.  The root chakra tone is actually Track 6.  The sacral chakra, D, is actually Track 3.  And so on through the disk.  I was able to ferret this out by comparing the sounds to the tracks on the non-improv-version.  Very odd, considering the other CD is ordered correctly.
I was a little disappointed....lots of "what are you grateful for" and pauses. Birds chirping, deep male voice, not particularly inspiring to me....only 99 cents. I has hoping for some more positive statements or something, a slower more relaxing voice.
My star rating on this is probably invalid.  The album itself may be good. However, I accidently ordered one of the 30 second tracks off of a list of tracks provided by Amazon during a search.  I thought there had to be a mistake selling a 30 second track for 99 cents. So I took a chance figuring they probably meant to put in 30 minutes.  After all, what idiot would order a track of dialog that lasted 30 seconds.  I'm trying to make sure here that the only idiot is me.
not what I was looking for.  The droning background is too new-agey and not well-mixed.  frequently the spacey keyboard is (not on purpose) much louder than the solo oud sound.  I don't think the two sounds are a good match together.
I love the violet flame but there are things in here that I find silly, like after the violet flame activation you can only pass the violet flame to three people in seven days. I send the violet flame all the time to anyone I think needs it. Alst you need three crystals that the description dosen't tell you about so you start listening and you don't have them.
I downloaded two of Jacky's MP3s at the same time.  I only purchase guided meditations, so I was disappointed when I discovered that the bulk of this, (the 50+ minute part) was mostly new age music to meditate by.  I will be keeping the other one (can't remember which one it was, but I am very pleased with it, you will be able to see my review) and discarding this one.
3 minutes in his constant REEEEEELAAAAX your _____ began to grate on me. How can I relax if you keep saying RELAX in a loud tone and then following it up with random body parts. Not relaxing in the least. I cut it off 8 minutes in and went to another MP3.
This is an incredible chance to meditate with either silently or out loud and achieve inner peace.  I have added this to my meditation practice and it is helping me in both my inner and outer life.
Although I have not finished all the meditations, I am disappointed. Meditations are very short. It is NOT Deepak Chopra himself. Alot of talking and explanation that is not inducive to meditation. I find myself sitting with my eyes closed for about 10 minutes before they even begin with the guided meditation. Not very clear. They ask questions like "Who are you" . I was not sure if I was supposed to be thinking of the answer (whicH I couldn't answer) or just repeating the question itself. I find myself getting very annoyed during meditation. I've never had that happen before. Deepak has better meditations on youtube. about 30-40min long that he directs you through a guided, thorough meditation.
Nice relaxing music but I really cant hear it I have other music and the sound is perfect guess I need to buy speakers for my Kindle to enjoy it.
It has background melodies and I was looking for pure nature sounds. I have a difficult time sleeping and the melodies were too distracting. I never use it.
Great for background music.  These pieces would sound pretty much the same played backwards or forward.  Take a new age piano sound, play some arpeggios over and over again, throw in a "middle eight" and go back and repeat the same arpeggios over and over again. Add a track of non-descript padding, in this case synthesizer strings.  Add a track of crickets, various types of bird sounds with generous amounts of reverb.  Bam.  But if you want to fall sleep quickly, this is a guaranteed cure for insomnia.
Most of the music starts out okay but then in the middle it gets loud and takes on a jazzy type sound which doesn't do well to relax a person who is trying to sleep.  Of course the samples that are given don't let you know that.  Worst 1.99 I have spent.  May not seem like a lot to Amazon but for me it was like throwing it out the window.  Amazon can do that with it's own money.  I won't purchase another music from them.
I kept two of twenty some odd songs and erased the rest.  If it wasn't for the price I would've rated this collection 1 or less.  The search goes on for some decent relaxing music.
I purchased Release by Tony Redhouse, and was somewhat disappointed.. it started out as being very profound for me, but then lostits depth when he started singing in English. Not that I do not like English, but for meditation..society tends to get wrapped upin words.. and words tend to devalue, to me the sounds that are being offered by Tony.. through his amazing interpretation of nature.Wish he had stuck to his native tongue on the first selection. I thought there it was moving too close to modern American Music..As the saying goes..why fix something that is not broke..  There is so much deep spirituality to Native American Music, why deviate from it?Although I loved his album Journey to the Four Winds.
This did nothing for me.In fact I found the the narrative to be jarring just as the music would have me nearly asleep.  The vocal free tracks were annoying.
Not really all that impressed.  I guess I was thinking this would be soothing and somehow drop me right off to sleep.  It is just so-so.  Go tape your own thunderstorm and you will have the same thing.
The recordings themselves are fine, but any birder will not be satisfied with titles like "wren" and "blackbird." That's inexcusable.Also selection of birds does not reflect common North American birds and I can't see why this list, a mixture of poorly identified common passerines and a number of oddballs and imports would ever be collected together.
I did a little research before buying Tim Wenzel's 3 releases. I listened to the samples on Amazon and even a few You-Tube songs from "Mountains Take Wing" and I did like them. Unfortunately, those one or two songs I saw on You-Tube turned out to be the only good tracks after listening to them in their entirety after the CD's arrived. I am a musician and am usually open-minded, but I feel those three releases are sub-par.Here are some descriptions:Amateurish production and electronic drum tracks.Lacking in dynamics and emotion.Melodic phrasing was repetitive from song to song, counterintuitive and random within each song.The synthesizer programming was annoying.Odd and abrupt song endings.I am a fervent New Age fan, but there titles didn't do it for me.*To those who feel compelled to defend the "honor" of these titles by trying to pick apart my review,save your breath...It's my honest opinion and I am unapologetic.
Two of the three key Take Charge induction tracks (Beach and Staircase), seem to be incomplete.  At the beginning of each, Mr. Brown advises you to find a comfortable place to relax for about 35 minutes but, each track falls short of 35 minutes... and they're only guidance involves relaxing you into the meditative state.  (Note: I have not listened to the Speed induction)I have used another of his meditations which is the right length and features the relaxation, guided meditation, and emergence from it at the end.  Maybe these are just production errors?
This soundscapes was a bit of a disappointment to me.  I am an avid sailor and I love to sit on the deck of our boat underway, listening to the sounds of sailing and the surroundings on the water.  In addition to hearing the sounds of the water against the hull, I was looking forward to hearing some sounds like bouys clanging, whistling or whatever; sails flapping; a bit of hull creaking - maybe even an occasional bird in the distance (although that can be overdone very easily.)The actual sounds of this are really just water rushing past the hull.  I couldn't even discern the sound of the boat rising and falling into the trough of a wave.Unfortunately I haven't found a better product, so I'm still looking.
I couldn't believe this actually came from the Monroe Institute. First of all, they have a verbal warning at the beginning that the recording could actually cause seizures and mental problems(?) I've used many Hemi-Sync products from the Monroe Institute and was not really concerned and have had no bad effects, but this has no effects at all as far as binaural beat or other mind altering sound is concerned. It just sounds like a regular nature CD/mp3 without any kind of brainwave entrainment. If I just wanted that, there are many mp3s here just as good or better for 99 cents. And it's not really useable as an overpriced nature CD if you like to use replay because of the long verbal warning at the beginning. Everything about this including the art on the cover is not up to the standards of the Monroe Institute.I just realized that all the Hemi-Sync products say what they are supposed to do on the cover whereas this does not claim to induce brainwave entrainment or meditative states, but warns it could cause seizures and to contact a physician before listening! My mistake for buying...
The script is good but the woman's voice is very sterile and robotic and not calming. The music also isn't anything really unique.
I wish I could have downloaded only two tracks and they were the Affirmations; however I liked the whispers, not the lip smacking, and the whispering Guided Sleep Relaxation which does work for me.  However I don't understand the role playing, gum chewing, lip smacking, tapping and listening to bags crinkle.  I didn't enjoy hearing them nor do they do anything to give me my asmr fix.  I have my Bob Ross dvd's for that.  However my asmr fix comes from watching, rather than listening.  I guess it gets down to attention to detail and I enjoy watching people paint, plastering walls and laying concrete.  I'm detail oriented and I enjoy watching others perform jobs that require it.  As I wrote I just wish I could have bought two tracks, instead of the whole album.
In the sample, listen carefully for a couple of fairly loud "TOCK" sounds at about the 2 and 9 second mark.  Those "TOCKS" continue throughout the entire file.  I don't know what they are -- sounds like a metronome. Perhaps they are part of a train ride, but I felt those irritating "TOCKS" ruined the entire file.  I had not listened carefully enough to the sample to hear them, and, if I did, I might have assumed they would not continue--but they do.
If you want some semi-trippy sounding things that tell you to chill out and relax (in English) then this has what you might be looking for.  I'm not sure what it has to do with learning French, though.
I bought this mp3 expecting that there would be some music or that I would find it relaxing. I did not find it so. The whale songs themselves are just too loud and too much that they overpower everything else in the 2 that are to include waves or music. If you enjoy the sounds of whales alone, this would do well for you. Otherwise I'd say it's a waste of time and money.
This happens to be the Gayatria mantra and it is lovely but it is not what I was hoping for. I think it is just mislabeled.
I was really excited to see a Turning Forks  MP3 and rushed to buy it.  It does what I expected however the sounds of someone playing or adjusting the microphone distracts from the turning forks.  I got about 12 minutes in and just had to shut it off.  Example 11:59 track One.
Not worth. I hardly listen to it. It sound all that healing to me. I will not recommend to any one.
Snow and Fire is the crackling sounds of an outdoors wood fire.The problem begins at 41:06, when the right side track completely disappears.At 41:14, 41:32, 41:42, and 42:04, the right side track briefly returns for a second or less.Finally, at 43:05 the right side track does return, but instead of crackling fire it is nothing but a very high pitched whine. This continues until the end of the track (16 minutes, 55 seconds).
The ocean and the bird sounds is nice and relaxing but the constant cricket, clicking, and ship horns are not relaxing at all.
No you just can't turn down the volume for a soothing wave sound.  Having lived on the ocean and also on Lake Huron these waves are crashing like what you find against giant rocky cliffs not a smooth beach roll.
This is another case where less is more.  I found the sound of rain to be very heavy and unrelenting.  Instead of a sound of a refreshing spring shower I felt I was caught in a deluge.