This CD will give you an idea of the diverse selections of nature recordings available from "Sounds of Nature".I was disappointed that the first three, "Morning Birds", "The Garden" and "Paradise Island" all sounded the same - just birds, birds, birds....at least on the small clips I heard of each.  Why don't we hear more variety of insects, or the wind rustling the leaves, for example?I did especially enjoy "Deep Into the Earth" because it was something unusual - intermittent drops of water falling in a ? cave creating a fascinating and haunting echo which reminded me of my experiences spelunking."Wind Chimes" also sounded promising. I wish there were a track of Loons."Mountain Stream" also was pleasing.Several tracks sounded much like one another, creating repetition.So, I won't listen to this all the way through as I had hoped to do, but will only use it as a guide for possibly buying more individual CDs.Cheers.
All in all I loved the album and really dug the rhythm until the end - track 6  (at least on my online version) kills the whole album - Really a waste of space, completely killed the vibe and soured the whole mood. I'm not totally sure if that was intentional or what but it sucked.  Luckily in the MP3 Album its an easy fix, delete the track and carry on.
It's o.k.  i just could not relax to it.  Everyone has their own tastes in sleep music.  This did not suit mine.
There are better sleep tunes, while this is pretty good, Dan Gibons has the best, Sleep music.  It worth trying however.
Not as relaxing as it could be. Has a techno feel to it that does not induce relaxation in me,  yet that is just me.
I sort of liked this cd at first, but I found the voice a bit annoying after a while. She kind of draws her voice out and there's too much echoing through the cd. It seems very long and dragging, and too much guided imagery. I prefer not to have to think about things while I am trying to relax. I'd rather do the breathing and relaxing techniques than imagine people and things and scenarios. If you like that sort of thing though, this is the cd for you.
my title of his review literally sums it up. there is just not enough to make me really like it. it would make for good background ambience for marsh, swamp, or pre-human exhibit.
Not that any of these lyrics are hard to write. I just think that the way he lets his heart rest on his sleeve is nice. Everyone seems to do it these days but for me it never really gets old.Anyway, I heard this song for the first time today and it's alright. The rhythm; the way he sings it is the best part of the song.And then the 'hiding from his tears in the rain' and admitting that his 'emotions are out of his control' got me to like the song. enough.but i still don't think it's great. it's not mindless but it's nothing new either. but if i had to take it or leave it...i'd take it.3.3 stars.end note: i'll be watching for his next single. and i'm so surprised that he's caught on the way he has on youtube. over 200,000 views!!
Well... This one from Thom Brennan is not my absolute favorite, but if you just want something in the background while doing other things or napping, you found it.  As I said, not my personal fav. but, if you want an entire and complete collection... get it.
I can hear the gongs so the songs work as a timer - sometimes I drift off with the wave sounds so I'm not paying attention but otherwise, it works for me.
The suggestions was mostly on relaxing, relaxing is always good, but the suggestions on making money is not very much. Good thing it's only 99 cents.She also likes to elongate the last syllable of the last word of her phrases, ie. breathe slowllllyyyyyyyy... , etc
As a liberal, I find the term "white" noise a little offensive. It's as if the minority colors don't also make noise. Amazon, please consider changing the name of this product. I suggest something like, "Non-discriminatory noise."
I was so pleased to find this album.  The music and the nature sounds are lovely and soothing.  HOWEVER, at the beginning of several of the tracks, someone decided to add what feels like lengthy personal anecdotes which I find intrusive and annoying.  I've already deleted two of the tracks and just realized that there is another.  It's okay if I just have it on for the birds, as it says, while I am away, but, in considering this album for my own relaxation purposes, it doesn't work.
Unclear I was getting only download....please, I have no player, only needed CD.Please refund....hoping for refund, and the CD
I bought this CD for my hubby, who has decided to get back into meditation.  He also bought the book, which is wonderful and highly recommended.The CD?  Not so much recommended.  For one thing, Victor has a speaking voice that is a bit grating for a guided meditation CD.  I have nothing against NY accents but a more soothing, lilting voice is definitely preferred if one is leading a guided meditation.A better meditation CD would be Rod Stryker's "3 Meditations to Live By" (this is one I swear by).  Rod's voice is much more soothing.Another issue with this CD is that during the actual meditation, Victor will pop up and start talking at the most inopportune times, startling you out of your meditative flow.Get the book instead, which hubby says has completely changed the way he looks at meditation (for the better).
At the end of each meditation session there is a 1 minute sales pitch regarding the book and author's website. It is very irritating. I had already read the book before ordering this CD to use  for guided meditation practice. It is very irritating to hear the sales pitch every day!!!  He could have just mentioned it at the beginning of the CD instead of the end of each meditaton practice. Shows how money minded author is. Other wise the I rate the book CD as good. With the CD, after you have listened to it once (introductory stuff) and started practice, there is no use for chapters 1-8. I ideally the CD should be broken into a practice only part and rest of stuff part, so we can just pop the practice only stuff in a player and use it daily.
Although she does a good job at providing a powerful yoga nidra experience, there are many ways this could be better.  1st of all - the 2nd chakra is in the reproductive organs, why did she say in the stomach?  Also, the breathing aspect of it was very basic but the L/R sensations in the body were good.  There are so many ways to go deeper into feeling which I felt she could have done... light/darkness, heaviness/lightness... also, it sounds like she is kind of giving a didactic lecture, I didn't get enough sense of varied tones of voice once I was in the deeply relaxed state.
I have played these songs for about a year now and my cats do not seem to respond. It definitely does not help during grooming sessions, which I had hoped. The music is not annoying to listen to, so that deserves a partially good review. So far, my cats seem to only enjoy Back Yard Critters, Cat Sitter.
I really loved the music on a guided meditation to meeting an angel but the speakers voice was irritating ,kind of whiney souning and  her accent made it difficult to relax and understand her words but after you get used to her it gets better. I do enjoy trying to tune into my spirituality and angles so if you can get used to her voice the music is so good I would reccomend it.
Not too bad at all. listening to it almost every night. Her accent I had to get use to  but great
This meditation is okay but I find her voice a little irritating as well as the strident sounds that might be intended music.I do like that it allows me a lot of room for my own imagination.
it just not happening yet, will try again,  if anything change I'll rewrite. thanks for allowing me to try it out. maybe it was me. I'll try again. the music is very relaxing and calm.  the price was right.
I was looking for an eternal Ohm soundtrack used by my yoga instructor -- and assumed this CD was the correct one (I should've listened to the previews more closely).  While the soundtracks are good -- they are not as well blended as the track I was expecting -- which I discovered is Eternal Ohm by Robert Slap (unfortunately not available through Amazon).
I enjoyed this album, but the chanting of the OHMs get's a little too low and intense for me. I usually like to meditate with lighter and higher pitch music (like AEOLIAH), so it all depends on what each person vibrates and resonates with.
I was a bit disappointed in all of the music I purchased for relaxation. I purchased this music to relax me and help me sleep better, did it work?  No, This music is not what I thought it would be at all.
So , It is 15 minutes long.It is $8.99,It was okay for being what is was, I just surprised how short it was. I listen to Glenn Harrold for $2.99 and I love him , plus his is 45 minutes long. Try the Healing White light. LOVE IT!
There are several things left out of this.  One is including the arms, hands and breasts in body parts to receive the healing.  She also leaves out the part where you are supposed to be guided to wake up.  You are not really guided into a deep meditation but novices would possibly benefit from being brought back to awakening.  The affirmations are also not really much to speak about and are not really separate from the meditation for those who thought them to be separate and who do not wish to do the whole meditation but want a quick refresher for the brain.
this just didn't strike my yoga groove, but it is well arranged to meet most other yoga needs...especially a self-practice in which determined assistance to self-introspection and mediation provided by the music can greatly assist. I use this when doing Youth Yoga it seems to help lift them from the external to the internal easier than my more edgey-er yoga style music.
i like the music quite well, however (and mind you, i do not have any idea how recording or whatever works) however, the volume levels from song to song are so different i find myself struggling to hear one song, so turning volume up, then jumping when next song starts...as i tried to use this for a meditation/restoration class THAT was a problem
I got this because I like ocean sounds and singing bowls are nice and I needed something to help me sleep. Unfortunately, it always wakes me up!! I bought other music that puts me to sleep and then this wakes me up in the middle of the night. Actually, it's kind of great because I wake up long enough to turn off my iPad then go back to sleep. In a way, it was an unseen blessing!
nice cd that also has auto rip for my mp3 which is a plus. Like many of the meditation cds I have purchased, this one seems to have too much repetitive music.
Not what I wanted. I expected more. I am disapointed with this album. Should have listened more to the samples.
There are some good points, but this isn't the magic potion to feeling good about oneself.  It might work for a passive person.
I downloaded the MP3 Study Helper: Concentration, Focus, and Memory-canon.  I was all excited to see how it worked while studying my accounting, and was surprised to hear a washing machine/white noise sound.  I thought that I would give it a chance and maybe it was just a white noise track but then after a few minutes I heard music seeming to slowly get louder and louder until I could make out that it was classical music.  I could not tell if my copy was a bad copy or if it was meant to be like that. I don't know what to do about it?
Most of the sounds are too subtle and the same tune is repeated over and over again for the large part with very few variations. I could have done with some other music.
I am an avid guided meditation listener who is trying to release past life blockages. I found the cd and listen to a sample of one track to make sure I would like the sound of her voice. There is nothing worse than trying to relax to a voice that repels you. I decided that I enjoyed the sample so I purchased it. As I was listening the tracks kept cutting out. Just as my body would go deep into relaxation the track would stop then the next track would begin. The problem with this is, then your conscience mind kicks back in and ruins the relaxation you were trying to receive. There is one track near the end that is roughly 4 minutes, as I listened I was loving what I was experiencing then BAM it cuts out. Although Cheryl has a great voice and the music is soothing, the cd not coming in in one continuous stream sort of defeats and diminishes the full benefits of this cd and what you are trying to accomplish by listening to it!
Enjoying the mellow tunes, however sounds more like music from  Iran or an Islamic type sound. Not bad just missing more flute or drum beats.
A lot of repetition.  I was a sleep before I finished the CD.  The pianist sounded a little more professional than the other CDs I purchased.  Was exactly what I was expecting.
The ONLY reason this is getting a 3 star rating is becuse Dave Millers The Best of Meditation Music/Nature is my absolute favorite nature/music CD ever,ever,ever. Many of the songs on Oceam Paradises are on the Best of Meditation CD. He includes the most real sounding nature spots I have ever heard, the ocean, birds, waves, thunder , lightening, mountain nature sound, ( these are on the &#34;Best of&#34; CD) The music fits the nature sounds perfectly and of course the sounds are not mixed on the same song, meaning when the song is playing ocean sounds , ocean sounds are all you get like crashing waves, sea gulls, whales etc.  you just have to listen the the samples , to decide for yourself, I listen to them both every day, I am a huge reader, and have lots of unwanted disruptive loud noise in my life, I pop on my headphones and either just enjoy my miny vacation in nature, or soothe the nerves while reading.
I want to be clear that this is a decent mp3, even though I gave it three stars.  I didn't feel it deserved a four star, but I didn't feel it deserved a negative review.  The problem I have with this mp3 isn't major enough for me to stop using it.  There was too much thunder compared to the amount of rain noise between thunderclaps.  Also, though I'm not sure this is real thunder or fake thunder, the way it was mixed in didn't sound realistic.  I'm relatively sure this was a mix and not a recording of a real storm.  Which is perfectly okay.  Some of the best nature mp3s I've heard have been mixes.  But this just doesn't sound completely natural to me.  Is it worth a buy?  Maybe.  It certainly doesn't cost much to try it at just 99 cents.
I bought this hoping it would sound like the wind blowing through chimes.  Unfortunately, while still pretty, it sounded like someone was actually playing these in a repeating pattern.  Instead of helping me sink into a meditative state, the pattern kept repeating itself in my head, even  after I turned it off.  Definitely NOT the effect I had hoped for.  I should have played the samples longer than I did before buying.
Cannot recommend - maybe it's just me... can't relax to it.. not sure what it is ... sorry.  It may work better for you. Give it a try.
Purchased all 3 tracks.  First one was an AD,  the other two were  Ok.  The samples do not inform of this.
Great CD and the chants are good, but I thought it was something else. Great listening to, though, to learn from.
Not a total waste of time but I can't say it is easy for me to get into either. If I had it to do over I probably wouldn't buy it again.
As stated by the other reviewer, these mantras are clearly for use when practicing yoga on your own and looking for accompanying mantras.  They are repetitive -  not for listening enjoyment, but for practice and meditation.  They are not the melodic and fun mantras found on her DVDs, which is what I was hoping for.
It's ok a bit too new age New age stuff scares me now days with Lucis Trust Theosophical society running the United Nations and trying to replace America's constitution with their One World Freaky Religion and AGENDA 21
As most of you know, who read my reviews of music, I collect music for background sounds while I am working. I like to have instrumental music or white noise going on while I work or study. This album was inexpensive and provided a lot of nice white noise. Nothing great, but nice. It was worth the money - which was &#60; $2
Its okay  I have others that are more soothing that I can actually get to sleep by.  I'd recommend them first.
some of the sounds in this one are a little too loud, and wake me up if i try to use this one for sleep.  So, best save this one for meditation and not sleeping.
It works well for mediation, but we did find the singing bowls to be distracting for when trying to clear the mind when preparing for sleep.
The issues with not getting enough sleep have been known for thousands of years. This is not a new issue we grapple with. At least in our modern times our stresses tend to be about our nasty co-worker, and not about bandits coming out of the forest and burning down our homes :) Still, that's little consolation when we toss and turn at night. Maybe the dark shades, the noise machine, and the chamomile tea are not enough to reduce the thoughts racing through our brains. We need something more hard core. That's where the many sleep CDs on the market come in. They have a person actually "talking us through" the process of relaxing and unstressing. Steven A. Leinweber is an entry into this field.To go on a tangent for a moment, every person has different reactions to voices and accents. They've done amazing studies with GPSs that talked in different accents. An accent that one group would adore, another group would hate and find annoying. So it's important to realize that we are all different in how we react to accents and that that is normal and OK. So that being said, I did not find Steven's voice to be soothing. I found it sharp and staccato and fast. I'm from New England, too, so I'm not a Southern Drawl person. But I *would* want someone who was speaking on a hypnosis tape to have a gentle, round, soothing voice. I did not find this voice to be soothing. I played the tape for several other people without any preamble to bias them, and they all had that reaction as well. I think he should have found someone else to read his track for him, someone with a more soft, smooth vocal pattern.I own a number of audio books and production quality can make a substantial difference as to how well the information is imparted. Audio book producers do take after take until they get their vocal material to be perfect. It's clear Steven did not put in that effort. There are numerous hesitations and stammers and restatements which all take away from the smoothness of the material. It might be fine if a friend as a favor did a tape for you, but it isn't what you expect from a professionally presented product.The background track also needs some tweaking. It aims to be the traditional new-age-style soft, flowing material, but it is not mixed well. It can overwhelm the vocal track at times. Its purpose is supposed to be a gentle background swelling that draws you along into relaxation. It becomes too intrusive occasionally.Certainly you can say that listening to ANYTHING that's relatively quiet can put you to sleep. Look at all the people who fall asleep in front of the TV. Just the fact that you are focusing fairly mindlessly on something else, not thinking about your stresses, not worrying about anything, will help you sleep. Your mind tunes out, drifts along, and off you go. So certainly if you're laying in bed and need to sleep, listening to these tracks is better than having your mind free to focus on stress factors and circle around and around with them. The voice on this track does what pretty much every meditation track does - has you focus on relaxing various parts of your body, has you visualize being relaxed. That's how meditation and relaxation work.So in that sense it is certainly not BAD to listen to this MP3. It is providing helpful information, and it is keeping your mind occupied so it can't fall back into its stress cycles. With a full hour of length, it can wear down even the serious stresser who after a while will get sucked into the "story", listening to the person who is talking to them. It is our brain's nature to do that.But I also think that there is a LOT of room for improvement on this CD to even bring it up to the standards of the many other products out there. To me it feels like a first attempt at doing this, where the person was not top notch with mixing software or with doing re-takes until something is perfect. A future version that didn't have errors in it and that was better mixed would be more up to the standards of the industry in my opinion.
Not "Soft" music at all, at least not in the previews.  This music is too upbeat for a spa, more suitable for a bar/lounge.  Too many rhythmic beats.
For  generic audio hypnosis program, it was okay.  Generic presentations are far lacking from the actual experiences received from a real hypnotist.
PLAYED THIS DISK AND IT GETS YOU TO THE POINT OF ALMOST DOZING OFF WHEN THERE IS THIS LOUD HOOT (OWL), WHICH CAUSES YOU TO WAKE RIGHT UP.  THIS HAPPENS SEVERAL TIMES DURING THE PLAYING OF THE DISK.WHO EVER PRODUCED THIS DISK, MUST HAVE THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD JOKE!!!!  WHAT WAS HE NUTS.  HE SHOULD HAVE BLANKED THAT OUT, IF A REAL OWL HOOTED DURING THE RECORDING.  IT WAS SUPPOSE TO RELAX YOU????RICHARD L. SHOCKLEY
Great swamp cricket sound with friendly bugs. Consistant volume. My favorite album.... but....... NO BURN RIGHTS.  It won't copy CD.....too bad
The crickets sound like they are electronically produced. They don't sound as peaceful as the ones you would hear in a forest.
Was hoping for a little deep &#34;croak croak&#34;.  Instead it was like listening to a cricket caught under your bed at night.  Not condusive to sleep and relaxation.  Too bad, but most of the nature sounds from Joe Baker are great, especially rain/thunderstorms.
I bought this to put an end to turning on the actual hair dryer for my daughter when she sleeps.  I must say this does not sound like a hair dryer and after a few uses I quickly learned that she really didn't like the sound all that much.  Still searching for an MP3 that actually sounds like a hair dryer.  Thinking of just creating my own by recording my hair dryer when it's on.
Comment:Some nice selections, however, some of the selections are a little too new-a-gee!  Meaning, it is hard to pick out any melody on some of the selections.Don
It's ok, buy I wouldn't have bought if I had heard it all the way through. Not &#34;ambient&#34; enough for my taste.
Designed to be an adjunct to the book of the same name, this cd runs 67 minutes and features 8 tracts containing an introduction and seven of the exercises featured in the book.  There is no background music and the cd is narrated by an older man.  The voice is okay, just old sounding and not particuarly resonant.  The narration highlights the general clumsiness of the prose and the misprononuciations are annoying, ie "beware of the body, beware of the mind as opposed to be aware of).The two most successful tracts are the alpha and theta ones which feature a metronome in the background.  The metronome helps induct the user to the desired level of mind.  There is not sufficient time  for induction or conditioning and the unevenness of the pace underscores that this is most likely a homemade effort.  The quality of the cd itself is marginal with at least one or two words slurred or skipped throughout the cd.  (I did play it on three different players with the same results).If you have the book, you may wish to record the exercises yourself.  Otherwise there are vastly superior products out there.  I would suggest any of the Silva Mind Method recordings..they feature the metronome,have good induction and conditioning routines.  This cd, unfortunately, was more annoying than relaxing..
Music was nice and soft.  Narrator spoke in a calm and soothing voice, but the suggestions were so vague that I really wasn't able to focus on relaxing my body.  Most hypnotic cds/tapes have you focus on relaxing your body starting at your shoulders or feet.  This one didn't.  By the time the session was over, I was wanting something more to finish relaxing so any other hypnotic suggestions could sink in.
I have been using guided meditations for quite some time now and the "meat" of this guided meditation is about 20 minutes long, good if you have a short amount of time.  The music is a little on the corny side, and I think that she speaks a bit quickly, but she gets the job done.  Worth the price.
It takes me seven minutes to focus due to pain levels. So I tried this. For the price, it was okay.
The musicianship on this is excellent. The work with synth's is very professional. Perhaps I am prone to lean towards her cd with meditation with Ed Rosenberg which I put extremely high on any scale, especially for the genre they chose.She is however an excellent player and composer, just thought the cd wasn't as moving as her other.
This would be a five star CD/MP3 download, but... the first track is bad. Amazon.com was contacted, but they could not provide a "fixed" track. Shame, one of my favorite songs too. However, the rest of the music is very enjoyable. Buyer beware the 1st track is not playable.
Well,  what i dont like about this meditation is that it seems like it might have an element of hypnosis and that there is no protection from energies that are not for your highest good. Someone who is psychically healthy and strong might have no problems but for most people their are vulnerabilities and weak spots in the psyche and precautions should be taken.You can say and intend "source intelligence please protect me, please cut all psychic cords that are not for my highest good".  Visualize and intend that you will only connect to that which for your highest good. I would not visualize a large white light over the head because you could be enlarging one or more of the higher chakras and opening yourself to whatever psychic energies are trying to attach to you.Your chakras should be about 8 inches in diameter to be functioning properly. I would just visualize a smaller chakra sized light (rainbow or multicolored lights could be even better because you can take in and use whatever colors you need).All that being said,  it is a pretty good spirit guide meditation. I had an awesome connection to an amazing personal spirit guide who gave me a multicolored light transmission. After the med I just noticed that I had opened up even more to someones energies that are not for my highest good and I had to do some clearing and strengthening work. I will still use and recommend this Cd but with a few procautions.
Not as good as the Merkaba meditation but its nice, not as easy to get lost in. Not a huge fan of live recordings but it had to be the best live recording. So all in all its okay, but Im not in love with it like the others. This company is great though, love their recordings.
As people who read my reviews know, I collect 'help you sleep' CDs. Most are fine, a few have been bad, most are worth $0.99 or $2.This one is fine, nothing bad, nothing outstanding. Worth what I paid for it. Listened to it once, will probably again soon.
This is a matter of personal preference, and am not discouraging anyone from buying this album.  I really like Shantala and have seen them in person.  This particular album is not one of my favorites, though.
This is a nice mediation.  It is soothing and relaxing and helps you breathe into your stress and relax.  I don't use this every day but it's a nice change every now and again.
While this is a great showcase of Daler Mehndi's vocal range and capabilities, it could've been far more soothing and calming had he kept it far more peaceful and simple. Often artists think adding the extra riffs is important, but honestly, it simply takes away from the real purpose of forgetting everything and becoming one with the music, the words and the true import of the Japji Sahib. Daler Mehndi should try to do another version which is less 'showy'. This seemed to be more about his vocal strength than the humility of the Mool Mantar. Nevertheless, I purchased it to include in my collection - something to be learnt from everyone and everything ...
I liked, maybe not loved, but enjoyed the meditation in this audio.  The only thing I did not like was the disclaimer at the end of the mediation.If you are going to do a disclaimer put it a separate track, or in the beginning, not at the tail end of a meditation.
I didn't like it at all. Some set of useless short meditations to me.  I thought it would be a traditional set for reiki 1-2 attunment, but not.
I was looking for a more guided meditation but this one is just one statement repeated several times and good music. Not what I was looking for but okay.
The more extensive versions are far more expensive and look to be well-worth the money. This version only gives the meditation repeated several times and music until time's up.  Works OK for traveling on the bus.
It's okay but not great. I find it relaxing but was hoping for more of a guided meditation. This one almost feels a bit cheesy.
Beware,.. this is ONLY the music/sound and has no spoken words on the tracks at all. There is a version out there with the words too but so far I have not been able to find a copy. If anyone has some information on this feel free to post it here.I like the music only version, but the one with the words is much better and worth looking for!Good luck.
Totally agree with the review by &#34;bookbuyer&#34; above.  The best one for me was Tiffany Murray (Day 3 &#34;The Creator&#34;) - both her voice & the meditation itself was amazing.  I could not listen to &#34;David Ji&#34; ... his overly affected delivery seems better suited for 70s porn than meditation.
This is fairly good, though there are some tracks I didn't care for that much. Would rather have a consistent theme.
It plays well. Sounds good. Thanks! I believe this album downloaded only part. Cannot expect something for nothing. Good album for free.
I like the music in general, but on some of the tracks the nature sounds can be a little obtrusive.I would prefer them to be more subtle, and in the background.
The collection is relaxing . The experience could be evern more relaxing if transition between tracks were less abrupt. Thumbs up.
Another &#34;too much nature to be natural&#34; selection.  VERY HEAVY of birds.  I can be a little annoying at times.
Not a bad album for under 1 but I found it to be too manufactured.  The birdsong was intense - the frequency of calls unnatural and I found it hard to listen to those tracks. The rest of the album was fine.
fine but some songs have too fast a tempo. my wife uses it for massage.  there are better choices for meditation
It's just okay. I listened to it once and had no desire to listen to it again as I have so many others that I like much better. Don't let that dissuade you though as we all have different tastes and you may love it. I suggest you give it a listen and see for yourself. A couple of my favourites for meditation and deep relaxation are: Vyanah ... and BrainSync
This meditation music is okay. It is somewhat soothing. Not bad for $.89. It is okay for background music and for playing for a baby to go to sleep.
It starts out with some relaxing music then the next song some guy suddenly starts singing really loud and it scares the bejesus out of you. It makes good back ground music but not meditation music.
It is suggested by the author that you listen to this for 28 days and trying to find 45 minutes in my day, everyday, right now is not working.
It didn't do anything for me or for my boyfriend.  I was hard to hear what she was saying, and we did not recall any past lives whatsoever. :(
I can't say that this is favorite of mine. It just didn't click with me. That is why I gave it a 3. I have listened to numerous meditations and hypnosis recordings and this was just not for me.
The water sounds are okay, but nothing I remember to turn on.  Also when I transferred it to my iPod only the base track (SAM) came through, not the water sounds.
For those of you who are familiar with my reviews, I get background music for when I am working and trying to relax and focus. I bought this with those expectations. It is good, not great. I like it and listen to it once and a while.
I was attracted to this track because of the trance-like music which I personally find very relaxing.  Many subliminal tracks seem to use nature sounds which I find less effective.  I was very interested in what specifically was contained in the subliminal track, so I attempted to visit their website, which doesn't exist.  This began to make me feel dubious about their legitimacy.  I contacted Amazon to see if there was another way to contact the creators and was referred to a third party who then forwarded an email on my behalf.  The company has not responded, leaving me to feel that they are largely disreputable.  I feel disappointed and will not buy any additional tracks this company may decide to produce.  I feel I can't recommend them.
some interesting introspective exploration on these tracks ... might want more grit, like that found on &#34;ashe,&#34; but overall a pleasant excursion...
Didn't care much for this. It is just not what I thought it would be like. I thought it would be softer music.
Seems good, but the 'beach' induction and the 'stairway' induction are the same recording with all the same steps and imagery!That aside, I've been using it and I do get very relaxed but I can't say I feel 'hypnotized.' I haven't had any astral projections yet, but I've also not been using this every day like you are supposed to.Some information you might find helpful:-The first few tracks have explanations about what you are supposed to be doing and how it is supposed to work, which I found very helpful, since there are no 'liner notes' or digital booklets with this MP3 download.-You have to listen to this for at least a half hour every day for 21 days for it to be effective, in a quiet, undisturbed area with no distractions.-There are three 'induction' tracks to choose from, which are Erick Brown giving you soothing instructions on how to be hypnotized (and then how to come back to consciousness), although two on my download were the same track and I never got the 'hypnotized' feeling.-After the induction tracks there is soft, gentle music to help you either drift off to sleep or remain in a trance-like state. These are nice, but they WILL require more time; half an hour is only enough to get you to sleep and back again.-I use headphones. It helps block out external noise and it's always a good idea with this kind of album, since there are might be 'bi-naural' sounds that need to be heard by the individual ears to be effective.
It is good, but I am not very impressed with it. I guess I put my hopes up more that I suppose to. There are some songs, but very few, I really like and the rest of it I just skip or try not to pay too much attention.
I bought this mp3 to play as background music during the day.  It has hours and hours of music and was a good buy in that aspect.  I can't say that I can find anything dark in the album.  It seems that they just got together a lot of melodies that had no particular theme, named them after a wildly popular novel and let them sell on that aspect.  If you want 50 melodies all strung together for background white noise, this is your album.  It is online only, there is no hard CD with  music.  What you download is what you get.  Knowing that, it is a decent buy.  I have only one complaint and that is.... the sound level of the music varies wildly from song to song.  The first time I tried to use the music as night music, I was startled awake multiple times until I finally turned it off.  Decibel levels seem to have no correlation to each other song wise or to the sound level on the machine that is playing the music.  It is obvious that this album is just a grab bag of music put together in a very amateurish way with no concern for sound levels.  Some music is so quiet as to almost be inaudible and the melody played next will jar you by its loudness.  Its inconsistency is more than slightly annoying by the time you listen to 50 songs.
Just one of those experiences that did not meet my expectations. I have listened to others that I feel were more superior.
Given the reviews, I was expecting a little more originality in the music. It seemed that some of the melodies were just the repeat of older tunes with a new twist.
This was not worth 8.00,PLUS I had a hard time with the new Amazon Cloud Launcher; I just wanted it downloaded into iTunes..IS THAT SO WRONG?!
I've listened the the first track, and I'm not comfortable with the music.  Though the guided meditation is done well, I'm still trying to work around the music.  I also enjoy slightly longer to longer mediations.  But it's Froud, and I had to see.
not a favorite - didn't finish listening to it and will likely not listen to it again - too repetitive
Good recopilation of &#34;for ever lke&#34; music. Not exactly for relaxation but more for join together. Always good to have it.
Being a mother, grandmother and great grandmother there is nothing I love more than hearing children and babies laugh.  Wonderful!Lost seventeen pounds so far.
I teach yoga and the music was great but there was no transition from one song to the other. Otherwise awesome, class loved it.
I thought it was a iriginal reading of the texts, as, I read t he texts ears ago and infomration is ested differntlyy via the sense we pull it in through, so often Listening is bettr tan reading, but not always. It turned out and I made a mistake as it's new age music.It's not bad, welld one over all and for people who enjo that genrem many would be pleased. I just point that its not the manuscripts being narrated, as other ma assume this as we are all human.
The sound of the voice is very soothing, however, it gets me so relaxed within the first 15 minutes,  I fall asleep and don't remember the rest of it.  Of course, I don't think I've listened to it enough times yet to properly rate it as others have.Will gladly update the rate once I actually see results.
And it got the reaction I was expecting which was fun.  The actual content is meager and I had to put it to disk myself.
It's O.K.  and for those new to Hypnosis they will probably like it.  I became a certified/licensed hypnotist way back in the 70's in California (let my license expire).  So I like something with a little more lead in.
Is this the same recording/voice actor as all the Erick Brown hypnosis programs? It definitely sounds like the same thing.
Because I'm very divided about this album, I'm going to separate this review into two main segments - my intellectual analysis and my sensual analysis.Sensual Analysis: These sounds are very soothing, for the most part. It feels a little weird for the first ten or twenty seconds with the horns, but it balances out and gets to the easier-listening parts quickly. As I often find, the ethereal sounds are like a spiritual massage (which I imagine is the point.) There's a nice diversity to the instruments used, between synth, plucked strings, bow-strings, piano, woodwinds and chimes. This was/is a nice experience. I would *not* recommend this album (or at least track two) for relaxation and sleep purposes. It just feels too "imminent" for that. At least two sections of the second track have way too high of a BPM for at least me to be able to fall asleep to them. It would be very jarring to me the way it picks up and slows down.Intellectual Analysis: This must be the least imaginative I've ever heard Conway sound. Actually, a great deal of this material seems almost like a plagiarism of Celtic Dreamer. Many of the melodies follow tracks from the latter (like "The Girl in the Dream") with an irritating amount of similarity. If this were a literary work, the term "near-verbatim" would come to mind. I mean, there's taking a page out of your last album's book because people seemed to like it and you want to do more of that, and then there's taking half the pages out of the same because you're (possibly) afraid to risk deviating from its previous success (I don't know Conway, so I can't pretend to know exactly what he was thinking, but still...) For that reason, and the reason that it has only two tracks (albeit two tracks of decent length,) I have to raise my eyebrow to the fact that this album is selling for nine dollars. I've bought albums from other artists with one or two tracks, much longer in duration than this, which cost two dollars (0.99c per track.)Overall, I would say if you have not heard Celtic Dreamer (or have, and are able to keep yourself from comparing the two) this could likely be a good album for you. For the most part, it would make a nice edition to your massage, reiki, or perhaps chiropractic practice, and would definitely be nice for meditation or as the background music for presentations of certain kinds. I'm very glad that I bought it, but I definitely have my reservations about this one, and it absolutely needs to cost less. At this price, my advice is that if you can get it as a gift or otherwise for free, all the better.Neutral feedback from me here. Sorreh, Chris...
The concept is good but the sounds are too high pitch and I don&#8217;t find it relaxing.  I think this is one of those recordings that will vary with the listener
Relaxing ambiance sounds, but does get 'old' in a hurry. The track is over 59 minutes long. I couldn't take more than about 15 minutes before switching to classical music!
It is relaxing . I am not in love with it but I consider it OK !! It was free sooo
I don't remember buying this so I can only assume it's average enough to be forgotten amongst the day-today... Maybe I rather see and hear real waves than just this.
It's beach sounds. Not sure what else you can say. Good relaxation background sounds. It needs just a little bit of the Jaws theme to lift the excitement level.
Nice and relaxing, but when I hear it I get the uncanny urge to urinate.  Five stars if not for that inconvenience.
I have listened to this a couple of times on my laptop speakers and I would rate it as &#34;okay&#34;. It was free so i cannot complain about the price but the relaxation effect is not quite what I had hoped for.
I like the sound of waves.. However there is to many other sounds in the background that are not as relaxing. Birds and other things
The only reason I rate this a 3 and not a 5 is because of the narration that takes up several minutes at the start of this track. My request of Mr. Bradley, for future releases, please record your narrations and instructions to a separate track so as not to distract from the otherwise effective musical tones. The rhythms and tones of this track, once the narration is concluded, are quite powerful - palpable, even, with softly percussive waves of sound that your energetic mind and physical brain can quickly harmonize with. I would consider buying more of these to experiment with various mind-states.