I bought this album for my spouse to listen to while undergoing acupuncture and it puts her immediately into a deep meditative state.  What more could you want?
In a world obsessed with autotune and effects layered on top of each other it seems there is no place for meditative songs. Singer-songwriters rely heavily on their looks or flashy videos, carefully designed to appeal to teenagers only. You have to look very carefully to find hidden treasures like this album: quiet songs only for voice and piano. It seems like almost no postproduction was applied, except extra vocal harmonies here and there. This singer doesn't need autotune either - she sings incredibly clean and beautiful. With her jazz background she leans toward the more easy accessible songs but don't be fooled by simplicity: they are meant to help you relax. A beautiful album for a stressed listener.
This is one of the best New Age guitar albums available. Don't be put-off by the fact that it was created for Depek Chopra. It it not what you would expect to hear. While the song titles are associated with &#34;Eastern&#34; beliefs, in regard to body health, the music is decidedly &#34;Western&#34;. Morning is a little upbeat, but relaxingly so. Evening suggests &#34;a winding down&#34; of the day's activities. The flavor of the two discs is different and there is a hint of &#34;Eastern&#34; style, in the Evening, that gradually swings back to the West as the program progresses. Each disc contains just under an hour's worth of music. This album is a &#34;must have&#34; for all who enjoy the Relaxation, Meditation, Zen styles of music.
If you are a baby boomer and went ot the prom you won't forget dancing the last dance of the night to Santo & Johnny's Sleepwalk. Certainly brings back memories.
This is an album of field recordings from the Australian outback. I got it because I have a pet budgerigar, and wanted some natural ambient sounds to play him when we're out of the house. I've also played it while I'm around, to see how he reacts. His favorite part is the black cockatoos, he seems to want to boss them around by out-squawking them.
I only listen to one track on this cd - the Sulawesi Scops Owl.  The quality of the production is fantastic!  But I found that apparently many of the sounds of the Sulawesi rainforest are not appealing to me.  If you are looking for an excellent authentic sound - this is it.
First, the excellent tone and beautiful melodies make up for any flaws.  However: the pronunciation and enunciation is lacking in places, so it can be frustrating if you're actually interested in understanding what they are singing.  It turns some beautiful phrases into just long tones, instead of actual phrases made of word.  I would actually rate it 3.5; its worth buying, but know what you're buying.
Incredibly beautiful voices, soothing almost mesmerizing cadences, too bad it is all in Latin.  I recognize a few words but would enjoy an english version.
I'm 49 and I've been smoking two packs a day for thirty years. I've tried all sorts of programs to quit and none of them worked for me. This one does help. I now have three of these and this is the second one I got. I used this one for about two weeks at least two times, sometimes three times a day. It has two levels of the hypnosis, a light one and a deep one. It worked real well for me, until one of the things in the background sounds started getting on my nerves. It has two tones in different pitch that pulses in the background. It's sorta like they are going to build to a crescendo of sound but never quite gets there. It's probably just me but it got on my nerves after awhile. And some parts of it it's hard to understand what the guy is saying. Again, that could just be me because of my industrial hearing loss. Along with the tone sounds it has rain, wind chimes, and some bird sounds in the back ground. With my hearing damage it gets a little hard sometimes to follow the speaking part.This does help a lot and I would recommend it to anyone that is planning on quiting to smoke. You will have to WANT to quit and really TRY to quit for it to work. This wont do it FOR you but it will be a big help.Since I downloaded the other one I'm going to start to switch off on them. I'm also using the new Rx drug Chantix. I started the drug 25 days ago and cut back to less than 10 smokes a day and then to 5. After the first 10 days I haven't had even a drag on one for the last 15 days! I started using this hypnosis recording about two weeks ago and it has worked very well, until as I said before, a part of it started getting to me.The other recording that I got to use with this one is "Minds Eye Hypnosis". To me this one is just a little bit better than the "Global Hypnosis". I would recommend both of them if you are going to really TRY to quit smoking. Like I said before, they wont do it FOR you but they WILL help.
This album is an all instrumental album. While still quite good I prefer her songs with lyrics.  When she comes to town, go see her live while she is still playing the small clubs. The stories she tells in concert add even more to her songs.
Nice renditions of this collection of Enya compositions.  Played very straightforwardly and honestly. Sounds good.  A welcome addition one's relaxing music.
I enjoy this album. It is reminiscent of Heather Dale, and I at first thought it was, which is why I purchased it in the first place. However, in its own right, Midsummer is a nice album to listen to. It also invokes past eras, but it is more conducive to images of going to a Renaissance Faire. I love it. It is lighthearted and I enjoy being part of this &#34;bard's&#34; journey as many of the songs remind me of the bards or ancient days who told their tales through music and song.
I think  this is a very well put together Cd to help relax and get me off to sleep.  There are three tracks, the first is Simonette explaining the Cd, she has a very calming and pleasant voice.  Sounded to me, just like Olivia Newton John and that's a soothing, musical voice for sure!  The second is all gorgeous what I call 'easy listening' guitar by Ian Cameron Smith.  After writing this review, I'm off to go see his other music CD's, he's great.  The third is all talking by Simonette, and for all the experience I see she has, there is quite a few either just plain awkward moments that you can tell she's 'stuck' for something to say, or like she's kind of doing something else while talking into the microphone.  Although her voice is pleasant, and very smooth, I just loved Ian Cameron Smith's music!  All in all, I do like this Cd, since Simonette sounds so unsure, I don't know if it would be a good idea to just try another one of hers, (did I tell you I love her voice).  This really  is very good.  I wish I could  have given it 5 stars, for the music alone!O.K., this is some time later, (one year, three months),  & I have to admit, I'm right there with everyone else I've read remarks about this woman.  I really was taken with her voice in the beginning.  It wears on you quickly, especially when she sounds like she's searching for words to say.  Her voice sounds as if she's not quite sure what she should say next, & that she doesn't seem to know much more than any of us how to relax!  Her voice is still very, very soothing, but that really isn't enough for me.  I still love to listen to Cameron Smith' music.  I gotta go see if he has CD's out, that are just of him & his music.  His music  relaxed me more than anything else on this CD!  Other than his section, I just don't bother with it anymore. Just want to be honest, for anyone else thinking of getting the Cd.  Thanks
I've only purchased Song 5, because I'm a bit picky about tonal stuff. Some higher tones I find distracting and too "active" for my mind. Song 5 is wonderful. It's a deep, softly fluctuating rhythm that helps put me to sleep and, more importantly for me, keeps me asleep through the night. This is a big plus for a person who usually only sleeps for 3 or 4 hours, and not even continuous hours. This song does the trick. I will say, however, that a big negative on these is that they fade on the intro and outro. This detracts from the whole point of the music, which is to help you sleep. So, if you're like me and put a track on and loop it, this song comes to a point in the loop (where the song ends then begins again) where it simply goes silent. Sure, this could be fixed by downloading a music editor and cutting the fades off the ends, but why would they put in a fade for sleep music? They must know people loop these things.Anyway, it's still an excellent song and I've been listening to it nonstop. Probably the biggest problem is that since it's still on a loop when my alarm goes off, I don't want to wake up!!!  :) I think that's a good problem to have if you have trouble sleeping. For less than a dollar, give it a try.
This meditation is good on face value, but it should really only be used by someone who understands Mer Ka Ba mediation.  There is a lot to Mer Ka Ba that needs to be learned and this recording is fantastic to keep you on track.
El motivo de mi compra fue para ambientar mi consultorio (soy ortodoncista) y realmente me gust&ograve;. envuelve el lugar tiene acordes suaves que no saltan, pasa desapercibido pero llena el espacio de mi consulta. para mi gusto es apropiado en mi consultorio. no me agrad&ograve; por completo ya que el sonido mismo es un poco bajo frente a otros trabajos donde basta con aumentar levemente el volumen del computador para escucharse correctamente.
Aside from Steve Lawson's obvious virtuosity, his compositional skills also shine forth on this cd. The musical styles range from from funky to meditative. It's a great listen and not just for bassists.
I first discovered Ed Van Fleet with 'Oceans.'  His music really takes you away and floats you off to a different place.  Sometimes his pieces are vibrant and energetic, sometimes slow and reflective.  They are all layered brilliantly.  This is what I reach for when I need to get away, to let my mind clear.  He is a very talented composer.
This was a good album. It is very relaxing and almost exactly what I was looking for. I would give five stars except it felt somewhat lacking in emotional input.
An other worldly experience. Spiral Dance takes you on a journey back in time with their music, to a simpler and more spiritual way of life.
I absolutely love Canon in D. It's one of my favorite classical pieces and finding something slower, without too many pieces playing and with some chanting is what I was after.  If you're interested in classical music, this is not it.  However, if you are interested in the beautiful masterpiece of Canon in D, in a fresh and unique way, this could be for you.It is very repetitive though, but soothing nonetheless.  I recommend it for the price.
This album, along with &#34;Beneath Another Sky&#34; and &#34;Return to Witchwood&#34;, are great new age albums! He hasn't disappointed me so far! This album has more relaxing music compared to the other two that have good beats to them.
I've been a fan of Heather Alexander's music for a number of years, and was crushed when I couldn't find this CD to rip it to my mp3 player.  I found "A Gypsy's Home" and "Festival Wind" asmp3 downloads, and quickly downloaded it to my collection.  I've spent many hours singing along with all her music, and own a majority of her albums.
I heard Bjorn for the first time on Pandora. He music impressed me, so I purchased the album 'Beneath Another Sky&#34; with that piece on it. Then another piece from this album was played. I enjoyed it so much, I purchased this album too! These two albums have good rhythm. Then I heard a piece from &#34;Sooth&#34; and purchased this one also. As the title indicates, it has a more relaxing mood to it. So far, I'm pleased with his music!
Keeping in mind everyone has a different taste of music - I personally enjoyed this and found it relaxing. I would recommend listening to the samples before purchasing to be sure its something you'd enjoy.
I ran into this band while trying to find the soundtrack to a Dolph Lundgren movie called &#34;Silent Trigger&#34;. Yes, it's a guilty pleasure movie, but part of what makes it work so well is the music, notably the first two tracks from this collection. The rest, however has been quite enjoyable, and something I'd recommend if you want to expand your collection in new directions.
This was very handy to have on my iPod when our son was a newborn. It worked great to stop his tears and help him sleep. Sadly it stopped working once he got older, but I think any trick you do to get them to sleep they will eventually outgrow. It saved my sanity many times in the early months.
This is a good recording of her her voice and information is great. The music is so loud it's hard to hear her. I gave 4 stars as it's not the fault of the artist. i do thin it should be corrected. i listened to about half and got a headache.i deleted it and i hate it for being so good but too loud.
Very soothing. I use it during my meditations and it is very effective in helping to keep me in the present moment.
This was recommended by a friend. It is helpful for preparing to meditate. I enjoy the very soothing music and sounds.
I had a friend tell me about how rattling can put you into a trance like state.  I can't say that I've experienced trance persay listening to this tape but I do enjoy listening to it for about 20 minutes after declaring my intentions.
I've been reading more about Music Therapy and how it can help us in ways you never imagined.  We just sort of take "music" for granted.  Remember yesterday that song you heard that made you think of your childhood?  Or made you smile?  Or made you feel...  Music Therapy builds on that to help you overcome things like headaches, migraines, pain, etc etc etc.  This may not be for everyone.  It's heavy India influence sometimes has notes that I wouldn't expect to hear when I have a headache but overall, it is relaxing listening to the rhythm, beat, and sounds.  Listen to the samples before you buy.
Caryn Lin visited my daughters elementary school this year.  She came home and talked about nothing but the assembly and wanted to find some of Caryn's music.  The music is lovely and we play the album almost every day.  My daughter will be in the 4th grade next year and has decided to take up the viola (her big sister plays the violin and she absolutely can't play the same instrument ;-)  Thanks Caryn, keep up the good work.
I like it but I can't really say why. It's weird but relaxing. The ideas, sounds and lyrics are all rather odd.
Better than expected!  The sounds are realistic and not annouying as some nature sounds" recordings can be. Recommend.
I've been reading more about Music Therapy and how it can help us in ways you never imagined. We just sort of take "music" for granted. Remember yesterday that song you heard that made you think of your childhood? Or made you smile? Or made you feel... Music Therapy builds on that to help you overcome things like headaches, migraines, pain, etc etc etc. and to help speed the healing process.  This may not be for everyone. It's heavy India influence sometimes has notes that I wouldn't expect to hear but overall, it is relaxing listening to the rhythm, beat, and sounds. Listen to the samples before you buy.  I bought this, headache & migraine and enhance intellect & creativity.
I have this thing where I HAVE to have a steady, quiet background noise in order to fall asleep. Additionally, there is some sort of mechanical noise that I often hear at night in one of the walls of our bedroom (we live in an apartment). Normally we'd just turn on an oscillating fan, but the mechanical noise isn't quite masked by the fan and drives me insane. I prefer rain tracks but my bf finds that they interrupt his sleep. We decided to try this track out and it works out well for both of us. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 because I don't think it's as nice as the rain track, but the fact that both of us can sleep at night is nothing to sneeze at.
I've been reading more about Music Therapy and how it can help us in ways you never imagined. We just sort of take "music" for granted. Remember yesterday that song you heard that made you think of your childhood? Or made you smile? Or made you feel... Music Therapy builds on that to help you overcome things like headaches, migraines, pain, etc etc etc. This albums is created to help you becoming more creative, think clearer, and as it says "enhance intellect" :)  This may not be for everyone. It's heavy India influence sometimes has notes that I wouldn't expect to hear but overall, it is relaxing listening to the rhythm, beat, and sounds. Listen to the samples before you buy.
BIRD APPROVES!!! enough said!!! lol lol  My bird sings and dance with this music. Happy bird...Happy owner!!!  Great buy for us!!!
I had been looking for a rain on a tin roof recording for some time and this is the first one I've been able to find.  It is very nice and relaxing, good for sleeping, the only issue that keeps it from 5 stars is the price.  $8.99 is waaay too much, even at over an hour, but as this is the only one readily available of any quality so I was stuck with it, just cringed a bit when buying.
Sleep has always been an issue for me, but this has made a clear improvement. MP3 means I can use my iPod and not have to do cds. Highly recommend!
Keyboardist Pete Levin boasts an extensive background in jazz, pop, and session work, having collaborated with the likes of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Gil Evans, Miles Davis, Annie Lennox, Jaco Pastorius, Pieces of a Dream, and many others.  Side fact:  Levin's bass-playing brother Tony claims an equally impressive performance roster, most famously with King Crimson.)  Ali Ryerson carries a catalog of about a dozen albums of occasionally Brazilian-flavored jazz flute.  Meditation is a stylistic stretch for both musicians, although Ryerson's work with the late guitarist Joe Beck hinted at this tranquil turn.  Warning:  jazz purists should probably stop here.  Fans of Michael Hopp&eacute; / Tim Wheater recordings will understand why Meditation's titles of "Transcend," "Imagine," "Reason," and "Reflect" are merely labels.  All four 15-minute tracks blend floating drones, fluted moons, and fleeting wakefulness.  Levin's languid key pads cushion Ryerson's softly piped lines, creating an aural curtain perfect ... for closing off ... the day's ... win ... doze ... zzz ...
I have to admit I have not been particularly into  some of IASOS other works,but I have found this to be very effective in using it as background music for massage(I also have stereo of digitally recorded sounds of a babbling brook in the massage space as well).It has been the most requested CD in My practice in the month since I bought it.Its very repetitive,but the gentle bells are soothing and succeed in getting you into a deeply relaxed state.The combination of this CD and the babbling brook in the background really takes the experience to another level.An unexpected pleasure.
I find these meditations both relaxing and helpful. Unfortunately, I downloaded the third chakra meditation twice, and both stop in the middle. The other tracks play through just fine. Were it not for this glitch, I'd give it five stars.
Music is relaxing and peaceful . .. good for meditation
This is a nice meditation for imaging cleaning your chakras. The presentation is a little slick and glitzy for my taste, but it is a price I am willing to pay for an unusual idea.The idea here is to use white light and imagine spinning each chakra. In the process, dark spots and dull areas are flung away and drop down to the Earth where they can be handled and recycled. Nice idea.
This is a skillful presentation of works for the hammered dulcimer. I have thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed this skillful work.
it is so nice to have my Christmas music with me on such a small device. i was use to having the cd player. Now I can listen on the go.
When reading the quiet is distracting so I play music to break the silence.  The Ultimate Spa Relaxation fits the bill for me perfectly.
I was very excited about this recording, as it contains some unusual settings of well known German Christmas songs. Scheidt's interpolations to his Magnificat are fresh and surprising, if at times a bit labored. The album is well sung, though the absence of male voices tends to give it a a narrow range of timbre.My only real complaint is that the track titles are incorrectly assigned. I don't know if they are that way on the CD, but it is a huge problem for the mp3 download.
STYLELush enigmatic compositions and breathy female vocals. The music on Shimmer is consistently soft and sensuous - low light nocturnes and crepuscular dreamscapes with a touch of cinematic grandeur. Piano phrases tinkle across smooth synthetic pads and broad sweeping strings; chimes and bell trees glisten in the shadows and whilst flutes, harp-like arpeggios and various programmed sounds build beguiling secondary themes that entwine the primaries. There are plenty of intriguing effects adding to the mystery and theatre of the music - recordings of spoken voices, airy swishes and light peripheral embellishments. Amethyste's singing is delivered in very different ways across the various tracks - beautifully layered into warm choruses of silken oohs and aahs, crystal and clear when delivering her colourful lyrics, heavenly or haunting, whispery or operatic. There is no doubt about is this is a singer that enjoys using the whole range of her considerable talent. Her passion pours through some songs - the soaring 'Stay' streaming fluid crescendo after crescendo into blissful dreaminess, 'Wandering Flame' wordlessly drifting and ethereal, 'Entre Ciel et Mer' smooth and elegantly restrained.MOODShimmer has an attractive otherworldly air about it, something of the magic of warm nights and fairy tale places. Everything has a slight soft focus, a richness of sonic hue that adds to the impression of story book nostalgia. A melancholy wistfulness touches many of the recordings here - lifted by an angelic grace that keeps the mood generally uplifting, positive. The dynamic delivery ranges from the delicate beatless 'Desire D'Amour' where the whole tracks feels something like an extended gentle interlude to the dramatic breakbeat driven downtempo of 'Always Running'. Music to close your eyes to - in imitation of the cover imagery - fill your mindspace with the luminous clouds of a summer evening, the imaginary scents of dense woodland glades, the imaginative sounds of Amethyste's inviting fantasy.ARTWORKShimmer comes as a dark jewel case presentation. The imagery and text throughout are black and white with just the slightest of hints of colour. On the front is a tightly cropped photograph of the Amethyste herself, eyes closed, a single bejewelled tear sparkling on one cheek, enshrouded in swirls of hair and night black. Here and there a star twinkles in the background, among the thickly layered tresses, within the focal teardrop. On the reverse, another closed eye portrait, this time in profile, delicate patterns painted in curves and curlicues across the singer's skin. To the left track titles are footed by writing credits and website details. Within is an eight page booklet of strong glossy card adorned with evocative images created by Amethyste. A whole page inside is given over to generous thanks, the centre spread containing a poetic phrase in summary of each track set out over a picture of a huge white bloom and outstretched hand. Another double page layout holds a final shut-eye portrait with the words "Let your dreams shimmer through your life..." hanging in the darkness.OVERALLShimmer is the second Amethyste album and follow up to the 2006 release Ethereal. The disc comes via the relatively new Bulgarian label AMAdea and can be found along with its predecessor on CD Baby as well as a number of other current musical outlets. The music on Shimmer is composed and performed by German Gunnar Spardel who initially encountered vocalist Amethyste through the internet. Around 2006 the pair began to collaborate seriously, exploring a range of styles from trance to ambient. Although continuing to work with a variety of approaches the fourteen pieces here are all wrapped up in a similar mystique, a unifying vision of vivid hue and sonic chiaroscuro.WHO WILL LIKE THIS ALBUMShimmer is very much akin to the musical vision of similarly named Amethystium - the shared atmosphere is likely to attract many of the same listeners. There are elements of new age and chill out - but in reality Shimmer isn't really of either of these genres, rather the album resides within that field of romantic musical alchemy explored by such artists as Aria, Blue Stone and Ronan Hardiman. Why not have a listen at the official Myspace page.
This is great. My cats (and I) prefer Music for Pets; however; this rates a close second! Music really does have a huge effect on cats. I have two, one is not fond of the other, and often they are hyperactive.  Music made for cats will often calm them down a bit.
Overall, this is a great meditation.  A warning though: the narrator's voice and accent take a little getting used to.  The first time I listened I almost turned it off.  Once you get used to it though, it's really good.~Ken Baumbach, author of Mayageddon 2012 and The Heretics' Power
This is a meditation that;s easy to follow and lasts just the right amount of time.  The leader seems confident and leads the listener through it beautifully.
I enjoyed the meditation. I think it is good for someone who needs prompts to meet their guardian angels. I enjoyed having "time" during the meditation. Sometimes, I thought the voice disturbed my meditation, but I understand the reason for the voice.
This was an interesting track.  For some people, the person's accent threw them off, but for me it was fine.  Listening to her instructions, it was very easy to go into a meditative state.  I like this one.
I stumbled across this album while searching for another song.  It was a happy accident.  Some of the songs remind me of "Dead Can Dance", while other make me want to dance.  Listen to the previews and decide for yourself as this is surely not for everyone.
Over an hour of Christmas music, impeccably played by New Zealander Kris Baines, which is a miracle in itself, considering that in 1998 he was diagnosed with Repetitive Strain Injury in both hands. This CD is evidence that the Lord has not lost his healing touch! The track list is as you'd expect for a Yuletide offering - "Silent Night", "Away In A Manger", "O Holy Night", "O Come All Ye Faithful", etc - and with Kris's sensitive and lyrical style, these old favourites do not (as many piano projects have done in the past, and doubtless many will continue to do in the future) descend into terminal cheesiness. Instead, they sound fresh and sparkling, making this an album that will continue to please for many Christmases to come.
Apparently most of the reviews here are for some wind chime album, but this is actually an electronic compilation album. I just got into downtempo and psytrance recently and this kept appearing on Pandora, and it's really the best compilation album in this genre I've heard. Very chill. It works great for an evening discussion or working on the computer. The only issue I have with it is some of the songs seem a little disjointed with the rest of the album, ie being a little brighter and harder, but overall great.
Patrick gets back into a more rhythmic groove on tracks such as "Saragossa's Manuscript" and "Milan to Alessio Top Down" creating a perfect ultra-chilled soundscape.
Has a nice smooth setlist, mellow and interesting change up.Glad Amazon offers this music disc of Patrick OhHearn. If you like Patrick OHearn, you need this to complete you collection.
This is a simple program for inducing relaxation and reordering brain habits.  I've found it powerful, but not immediately -- it needs some time and repetition.It's worth the small price to buy this and try it.  The real investment is the time to use it.  It seems to require regular practice to keep up.
This cd basically guides the listener through coherent breathing with a brief description and then three different tracks that essentially time the breath cycles for the individual making coherent breathing much more enjoyable and natural. It's a very simple four track cd but not bad for the price and I believe the creator intended it to be purchased along with his book, thus the limited info on the cd. As suggested in an alternative health book, coherent breathing brings me much more peace when I practice it along with the ujjayi breathing technique.
The relaxation CD was very helpful during my first trimester.  I came home from work daily with a headache and needed to unwind.  This CD helped tremendously. I also played it before I went to bed and slept very well.
This is a great collection of water-based environmental sounds, although the previews on the site aren't quite as flattering as they could be. The last cut: "Aberdour Beach" has a very unique and distinct "rainstick" sound that's sure to calm you.
Did you ever just want to pop in a relaxing CD at the end of a long day? If so, Swaha's newest CD "Bolo!" is a great choice to soothe your soul. Taking hints of Indian mantras and spiritual music, Swaha does a magnificent job with their newest disc. Vocalists Dave Stringer and Tara MacLean serve up some excellent performances on this CD. The balance of Dave's vocal tone with Tara's angelic pitch is easy on any listener's ears. As for the music, the raga flare sets the mood for some beautiful sounds on songs like "Shiva Manas Puja" and "Jaya Ram Shri Ram." Another great feature of "Bolo!" is the pop sound that is delivered on many of the songs including "Govinda Gopala." Swaha has taken the mantra/Indian genres to a whole different level, fusing India's musical roots with traditional pop instrumentation. "Bolo!" is a perfect listen for anyone who enjoys Indian music fused with spiritual and uplifting textures.[...]
I'm a music collector of many styles and genders and this band of two quite interesting gentlemen have explored many avenues to express themselves! Featured is the great Welsh pop-rock singer/actor Steve Balsamo who voices two songs, Take Me and Come To Me with a passion that's very exciting!  I enjoyed the entire album but,these two songs are my favorites. There is also an IOEARTH video on youtube.com where you can meet the band in person. Over all, This is a 4 star album that is worth listening to. It is only available on MP3 at this time unless you find a private seller here on Amazon.com  Enjoy!-  Stargazer/Sharon H.
I am not very knowledgeable of this band and not even sure where they are from, but this is a very cool album.  This is symphonic progressive rock on a grand scale.  The album is 2 full CD's, but there is not a lot of filler.  Instrumentally these guys are all over the place which ranges from purely symphonic to almost metal at times.  The album uses several different vocalists which at times reminds me of something the Alan Parsons Project might do.  Bottom line if you like varied symphonic progressive rock this CD is well worth checking out.
I love this meditation.... almost as good as her other one, which I use every night lately to help me sleep. Wish she'd do more, these are great for beginners like me!
My husband recently had neck/spine surgery followed almost immediately by shoulder surgery.  Prior to the surgeries, he was having pain and anxiety which caused me to look up CDs on pain management and/or relaxation techniques.  After looking through and listening to samples of many different CDs, I selected Stress Free- Guided Exercises and Meditations for Total Relaxation by Ken Goodman.We do not practice any form of Eastern or New Age religion, (although we respect them), but often times those beliefs and/or practices seem to go hand in hand with meditation/relaxation.  This CD did not present itself as related to those religions.  We do believe in the power a person's mind has over physical, emotional and spiritual matters.  Many people do not understand how to use the mind to overcome issues and lead a full life.  This is where guided exercises can be helpful, and this CD does a great job.  Some of the exercises use a man's voice and some use a woman's voice; each voice was pleasant and soothing.My husband reported that the exercises were very helpful to him.  He was able to reduce his pain and anxiety prior to the surgeries.  He was concerned that the pain medications prescribed after the surgeries might possibly become addictive, so he did not want to rely too much on them.  We are happy to report that he required little medication, and within a couple of weeks did not need them at all.  He stated that he would recommend this CD to others.
I appreciate having on hand guided meditations as I'm not very good at meditating on my own. I find these to be helpful in getting me focused.
Connie has assembled an incredibly diverse collection of relaxing music.  Each track reflects a unique ethnicity: some sound Asian, some Native American, some Celtic, etc.  Ideally, this would be a "sampler" album and that, for each of its tracks, there would be a complete album full of music of a similar genre.  Unfortunately, this will never be.  Connie G passed away on November 20, 2011.
This is an excellent CD. It is not Shakuhachi Honkyoku, but rather music with excellent vocals, strings, and other instruments in which Shakuhachi plays a part. The instruments weave together nicely and I can listen to it for hours. I must reserve 5 stars for absolute masterpieces when it comes to Shakuhachi, since there are so many virtuosos, but I will enjoy this CD for many hours. It does have a meditative quality. You can let it float through you with relaxing tones, or listen closely for the details.
Great CD to fall asleep to. The only track I don't care for is THUNDER AND WATER, it is not even music, just the sounds of thunder and rain. Does not seem to fit in with the rest of this great relaxing CD. I do love this CD and listen to it almost everyday. Also excellent to put on in the background while getting or giving a massage or taking a nice hot soak/tub.
This is soothing and easy to just listen and go into the comfort zone.  would recommend it.  Can relax or fall off to catch a quick nap.  Get it if you have the chance.
This CD caught me off guard.  I was expecting another pan flute to dirty up the actuall music that was playing.  The keyboards were spacious and filled each song with an etherial voice and instruments, took me to a level of meditation I rarely find in most meditation music.  I would heartily recommen thid MP3 download if you are looking for spacious sound and soft centered instruments to compliment the entire sound.
Recorded execellent but the thunder comes on too strong.  One can hardly hear the waves or rain too much, but it is still there.  However, if you like the sound of thunder it fits in nicely.  One has to wonder if this was recorded naturally and as it occurred, or it was electronically enhanced in some way.  I prefer my sounds to be recorded as it occurred to preserve the naturally occuring harmonics.
Good, but not as good as Dave Miller albums.  Summer Solitude is a bit rash and not as soothing as others.
Very nice calming music for relaxation or sleeping.  I can not think of anything I don't like about this musiic
I like this to listen to while I am working. I am a medical coder and sit at a desk 8 hours a day staring at a computer and reading about sick people. This helps my stay relaxed and makes the subject matter a little easier to deal with.
If you would like some music to lull you to sleep, this will do just fine. And for the cost its a real deal. I am very pleased.
I have been enjoying this album quite a bit.  Relaxing and uplifting music that puts you in the mood to meditate.
I listen to lots of these self-hypnosis, stress help and relaxation mps at night. I have a busy life and they help me to unwind and get to sleep at normal hours. I like this one just as well as most of them. It doesn't change about in sound much. It has a constant rain falling sound with a little thunder every so often. But it's good enough. Relaxing.
i liked the samples of these best of all of this type i listened to. but, i wish i could get a cd album, i cant download.
Very relaxing.  The healing waterfall is the best! I like the music for meditating as well. The Lightbeing I haven't listened to but once.  I prefer the Waterfall.
I like that It's simply tones from crystal bowls without all the other distracting noises like insects and running water.
This is pure crystal bowl music, so I think it quickly puts me in the mental space it's supposed to.  The tracks are between 18 and 20 minutes long, so you can really zone out.  There's not a lot of difference between the tracks, but they're not boring. I got this along with &#34;Change Your Mind&#34; by Dr. Gaynor who was featured on Dr. Oz.  I like them both, but this is easier to hummmm to.
This is on mp3 I am glad I purchased!  I have trouble falling asleep at night sometimes just because of random house noises at night, so I got this for my mp3 player thinking it would create ambient sound, and it works beautifully.  It is a very useful tool for meditation as well, especially if you have noise-canceling headphones as it doesn't let in any outside sounds.The only tiny flaw I found in this particular nature sound is that from time to time, I found the waterfall to be just a little bit noisy.  99% of the time, though it was perfect so don't let that deter you!
I chose this because of it's scenic view, and because waterfalls produce a sound of relaxation, as do babbling Brooks.  Since I haven't found babbling Brooks I have gotten the RAIN and the tranquil waterfall, ones I enjoy whilst resting or reading.
i LISTEN TO THIS ALMOST EVERY NIGHT BEFORE i FALL ASLEEP...IT HELPS ME RELAX AND ZONE OUT SO i CAN GET THE REST i NEED!
I bought several of these Sounds of Nature MP3's some time back. This is one I keep coming back to. While I like the rain and frogs and streams, after a while you might get tired of listening to them. But this one really holds up for me. Maybe because it's of nothing specific (except wind, of course) but it's not bombarding you.
Good end of the day music.  I wouldn't take this along for play during X games, but after it might just be the thing.
The music on `A Haunting Presence' can best be described as progressive New Age/Ambient, sometimes infused with a small ammount of rock influenses. The soundscapes are highly melodic and ethereal, and will take you to places only your dreams can generate. One of my favourite tracks on this album has to be `Through Shifting Lines' as it has a great deal of melodic guitar textures that shines through like a pendulum from start to finish. Other great notable tracks are `Into A Solace Room' , with (as the album title says) it's haunting and evocative feeling throughout, and the track `Beneath' which is a rockier and more uptempo piece that keeps the pulse going on strong. The album closes in with the beautiful piano driven piece called ` In Seclusion'. This song is indeed gorgeous, especially if you play it loud using headphones!. All that said, `Transcend With Time' will, without a doubt, immerse you into a haunting presence. It's an astonishing and versatile album that demands attention and repeated listenings to really grow on you. It could perhaps best be described as a mix of Clannad (their instrumental works), Jeff Woodall and Simeon Harris. That said, pour all of these artists in a mixer and add some of Mark's own imaginary ideas, and this is the music you'll get!. Recommended!!
Christopher of the Wolves creates truly beautiful music.I use it for my body work/treatment room and for meditation.  It's gentle, uplifting, harmonic.  A great find.
highest regards to angel music.......I met them during deep meditation...I can no longer let other people dictate  reality to me the music is inspiring...as are their visits......I only seek to inspire others some music is more powerful than other types.....we must return to loving music if we are to rise consciously.....love is what we are born with....fear is what we learn.......
If you like practicing yoga withMaya Fiennes Kundalini Yoga: A Journey through the Chakras, you'll enjoy having some of her music so readily available.  I find it good to use for my own practice and for meditation. As you would guess based on the title, all tracks have mantras which repeat (except for the track "Deep Relaxation" which still serves its purpose well).  If you are new to meditation or have a hard time keeping your mind clear, the repeating mantras can be quite helpful to say aloud or in your head.Her songs each tend to evoke a particular mood:  calm, energized, happy, relaxed, by using a variety of music styles.  The only disappointment was that the music I absolutely love on her yoga dvd's were not on these tracks.
Just as the title reads, this is a peaceful set of solo piano pieces. Soft, melodic, and yet nothing spectacular. It is a good set to put on when making a nice dinner or when there is nothing on the tele (when is there anyways?). Just sit back and enjoy.
This is a great album for meditation; in fact, it is now one of my favorites and I just got it. You can sit down on your mat, or lay down in bed before you go to sleep. Whatever choice you make in how you meditate is 100% fine and you do NOT have to sit with your legs crossed. Put on this album and you're gone. At least I am. Last night I was meditating to this, I was gone for like 30 or 40 minutes. I came back 5 minutes before the 3rd track ended. This ambient, mellow, out of this world music takes me really deep in meditation.The only problem I really have with this album is track #6. It is completely not needed and is just a song with a piano on it, which is down right annoying and could never put me in a meditative state. Unless it's some ambient piano without any sharp notes changes so rapidly, I cannot listen to any instruments and especially piano. It's like listening to music that makes you "feel" melodies. I dont need to "feel" anything outside of a relaxed, calm, deep meditative state in which I will feel the places I travel to and NOT the music that is playing in the background. That's why these ambient sounds are so good. They make you feel calm, at peace, and gives you a feeling of oneness and positive, protective energy. Track #6 makes you feel sad, inspired, blah blah blah. You get the picture.Other than this small little problem, the album is great for meditation. Get it if you are an avid meditator and love meditating to Ambient sounds with peaceful and relaxing background to it.
I'm a mantra junkie.  This one is worth more than I paid for.  99 cents for an hour of relaxation.  Put me in euphoric state afterward.  I use it for my daily yoga and tai chi.
Just what I was looking for as far as easing into a sleep state in the evenings. Not much else to add.
I was looking for an additional meditation/relaxation to use while pregnant. This is great as it has seperate meditations for each trimester. It  also has a great additional meditation that is just for general relaxation. Emily's voice is calm and pleasant.
Bought this MP3 album to help drown out the street noise and neighbor's dogs.  I usually sleep with a small fan on in the room, and this album is a great compliment to it.  Most of the tracks are very soothing and relaxing... sound a lot like white noise when played at low volume (great for me).  A couple of the tracks, mainly those featuring ocean-waves and thunder, have a bit too much dynamic change in volume for my taste - those rapid changes in volume (ie: thunder) will wake me up, so I leave those out of the playlist.I loaded this album onto an iPod on a docking station, and played a few tracks on repeat.  Works great!  They play fairly seamless together so there is no big silent gap to disturb you from your rest.  Now I'm sleeping the whole night through without a hitch.  There are many of these types of albums on the market - sample the sounds before you buy to make sure they are right for you.  I am happy with this album and a good night's rest is worth a few bucks!
Very peaceful to listen to. Reminds me of the time that I spent on the beach. I would recommend it.
when I cannot sleep, I put on my head phones and just relax listening to the ocean and the rain.
I use it at night as a sleeping aid and it's been quite helpful. The sounds remind me of my own visits to the ocean shore.
Street noise makes it hard to get a good sleep without waking up. I downloaded this MP3 and am happy with results. The sound quality is very good. I feel into a deep sleep the other night for the first time in a while.Ocean waves mixed with wind and rain drowned out the street noise and was calming. If you can't leave by the ocean this could be an affordable sleep aid.
Good selection of Hindu music and a nice addition to my collection. Give it a try and see if it makes your heart sing...
love it for falling to sleep although sometimes I wake up and wonder if it has rained. very realistic and lifelike
After a 28 hour long journey from Australia to Chicago, I had a nasty case of jet lag. For 4 nights I had lain in bed for hours only to fall asleep just before my alarm would go off the next morning. So on day 5, I thought, "enough is enough, I need some sleep." I turned to Leinweber Wellness Hypnosis for Bettter Sleep. And sleep I did! I turned the cd on and somewhere before the end of it, I was out. I was so relaxed and slept fantastic. What a restful night's sleep! I highly recommend this to anyone who has trouble falling asleep. It calms your mind and body to a wonderful point of relaxation perfect for a good night's rest.
I would recommend this program to anyone who needs that extra boost. This program will give you the confidence you need in feeling good about yourself and starting a weight loss program. So far so good.
I really like this one his voice relaxes me almost immediately.I just recently started listening to it so I don't know if I'll lose weight but enjoy it enough for the relaxation I get from it so even if I don't it would still be worth it.
When I first bought the MP3, I skipped to the middle and listened to the suggestions. The suggestions basically encourage you to drink and enjoy water, enjoy excercise and be purposeful about scheduling excercise each day, enjoy fruits, veggies, and other healthy foods more, to not desire fatty and fried foods, and there is a suggestion in there about your cells letting go of fat and increasing you metabolism. I don't know how much your mind controls your metabolism, so I'm skeptical if hypnotism is even a feasible way to speed up your metabolism, but I guess the suggestion can't hurt. Oh, there is also a suggestion that you'll stop eating when your satisfied and you will remain satisfied until your next meal, without feeling the urge to snack.I started listening to this on 7/12 (Fri) and today is 7/15 (Mon). I've been listening to it each night as I fall asleep. I have noticed that my cravings went away and I haven't felt the desire to eat unhealthy foods. I also drank only water (plus a glass of wine) over the weekend and never felt the need to pour a glass of juice. I drink mostly water anyway though, so that wasn't shocking. I also did not feel the urge to snack in between meals. I ate fruit each day for breakfast and my meals were either all veggie, or very veggie-heavy. At one point, I thought to myself &#34;Oh, I have cookie dough in the fridge; I should make some cookies&#34; but then I realized I didn't want any cookies (which is very unusual for me...I'm ALWAYS up for a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie). Oh, and the other evidence that this might be working was on Sunday. I went to the grocery store and hadn't eaten for like 7 hours, so I was hungry. Usually when I shop hungry, I buy a bunch of snacks and rip into a bag of chips to eat as I'm drivng home. I didn't have a grocery list, but I still gravitated toward (and bought) mostly fruits and veggies and some meat for the week's dinners (for my family, because I haven't been desiring meat at all since I started listening). When I got home I realized I didn't buy a single snack. And despite the fact that I was super hungry by the time I got home, I grabbed a plum to eat instead of heating up the super delicious leftover mac and cheese that was in my fridge. I also didn't snack at all and was up moving around cleaning and dancing to music all weekend.I don't know if the mp3 is working or if it's a placebo affect, but whichever it is, it's working to my benefit. One thing I didn't like about it was the lack of instructions. There is no intro track or anything that tells you how often, or for how long you are supposed to do this program. Is it a one time thing? Do you have to listen for weeks? Will the effect go away if you stop listening? Do I need to listen daily, weekly, or does it depend on the person? I wish they gave some sort of guidelines for people who are new to hypnosis. So far, listening once a day seems to do the trick for me, but I'll try weaning it down to every other day, then twice a week, then once a week, once a biweek, etc. I think I'm going to see how far I can stretch the sessions before I notice my cravings come back. Also, it would be nice to know if you can follow multiple hypnosis programs at the same time because I might want to try out some other topics.
I bought this at the request of my son who used this type of noise to fall asleep in daycare. I didnt want to spend a lot of money on rainforest music since it would only be used to fall asleep and nothing else, so I agreed. He loves it. It is long enough for him to relax to and fall asleep. The quality is ok and it works like a charm for our need.
Melodic and restful, this music is very relaxing. Some will say it is too "Muzak" like, but there is nothing better than this music in the background to end a stressful day.
There are some albums that jump out at you with their immediate hooks and grab you by the throat and provide you as a listener with immediate gratification. However, the sustaining ability of these types of albums is sometimes very limited as they quickly become all too familiar. The other type of albums are unassuming that slowly find a quiet place in your heart with its understated melodies with an enduring soundtrack that will last a lifetime. Two Views, much like the entire catalog of the gentle pianist Wayne Gratz, is one of those albums that is both endearing and enduring.Not since 2002's A Place Without Noise has Gratz collaborated with another musician. Since then his creations have featured the occasional wispy synthesized strings lightly washed in the background. This time around we don't even get that as Two Views is over 53 minutes of Gratz and his piano sharing his latest creations. Trying to find a favorite child is difficult but also trying to find a filler track just does not exist as all fifteen tracks have their own charming qualities.That said, there are some compositions that stand out a little more than the others and the first obvious one being the slow rhythmic melody of "White Winter Dusk". One can almost imagine the twilight of a cold winter's day coming to an end yearning to embrace the warmth and security of home after a long harsh day. Similar effects are found on "May Morning" only this time it brings to mind the slow silent awakening of Mother Earth on a soft day of spring. Even more leisurely is the spacious and almost improvisational qualities of "Simply" that truly lives up to its title. Unfortunately, the song clocks in at just over three minutes leaving you with the feeling that the track could have been twice as long with no detrimental effect on its quality. The same can be said for "Place Of Inspiration" and while the song is a little more structured, its spatial qualities are ever present.Two Views may not jump out at you but what Wayne Gratz album has? This gifted composer has found the ability to make intelligent and impressive music for over 22 years with or without a recording label. And while many other artists will come and go with their over the top musical presentation, Gratz track record, especially of recent, would suggest that ten years from now he will still be creating music that has the familiarity and friendliness of your well worn and favorite comfy chair. Sit down, put up your feet and embrace the warmth of Wayne Gratz and Two Views.
I bought this track to help me relax and listen to after surgery. It's a very long track, so the value is very good, and the overall feel is really calm.Since this is supposed to be "a day in the country," it fittingly has some canned cow mooing and horse neighing that sounded a little funny to me at first, but I got used to it. Also, there's a bit of the sound of flies and bees buzzing around that was a little bit distracting, especially if you're listening with headphones on. I'd recommend this more for listening to on speakers as ambient noise, just because of the flying insect sounds! Nobody wants to feel like there's a bug flying around their head.Very nice track, though. I'm happy with the purchase!
This has made a difference in my sleep.  I go to sleep faster and feel better when I wake upl
Love the music, but cannot say that it helped me sleep!  The music was so absorbing it kept me awake!
Just started using and it really helps to fall asleep. Ambient music is the best and this is very well done.
...though I like Anam Cara better for pure Celtic influence.  Medwyn Goodall is a prolific artist.  I think he's done 126 albums.  I only own 4 in their entirety.  I have one or two songs from 26 others.  I enjoy his music very much.  My only reservation is that after you listen to his music for awhile, his songs all start to sound the same.  While this true of many artists, after 126 albums, it is hard to find a new or different sound.  Thus, I have searched through his catalog for those songs that are unique or have a particularly beautiful melody.  As I said, this album is one of his better efforts if you like Celtic New Age music.  If you're not familiar with Medwyn Goodall's music, you have a lot of exploring to do!  There is so much of it that you are bound to find some things you like.
I like this download, the only bother is a cow mooing when I'm almost asleep. It is a country noise but it stands out a lot amongst the other sounds.
This guided meditation is very soothing and seems to be working for my very stubborn insomnia.  A few of the visualizations are a litttle silly, but go with it.  What I particularly like is the way it drifts off at the end instead of ending abruptly.
I was using it nightly and find I fall asleep as it plays...pretty good indication it works! So yes, I like it :)
I been having problems sleeping at nights for several months.  A suggestion given to me was to listen to ambience music at night.  I didn't think it would work but I have been able to go to sleep faster and wake up more refresh.  I think it is because I am concentrating on the soothing music vs. stray thoughts that could excite me.  Well worth the .99  I took 1 star off because the suggested best way to listen is with headphones.  Headphones don't really work for me in bed sleeping.  I tend to sleep on my side.
I have used the track several times and found it to be relaxing, the woman's voice normal and not grating, and I have always fallen asleep before the end of the track.
I like this for my bed time.  I have it and ohter music on my mp3 player for a night of deep sleep.
Good but could have had more obvious howling wind.  But all in all a good cd and would recommend it to friends. I am still looking for a great &#34;howling wind&#34; cd.
A little brutal but if wild and haunting is your desire, this is perfect.  Not great for sleeping but excellent for reading Stephen King novels.
This CD did seem to calm my bird. Some of the songs really do seem to catch his attention and others he isn't really listening to.
This album is musically enchanting, meditative, and sweet. It is perfect music for dinner, or a massage (which is where I first heard it) or a time of peace. Many of the songs are interspersed with the repeated chanting of "Radhe, Radhe."
I like it because it is over an hour long. There is a hair dryer noise that works better on the happiest baby on the block cd, but that recording is only 8 minutes long and there is a very noticeable break on that cd when it is on repeat which makes my baby wake. Unfortunately there is a very noticeable break in this cd too,  but much less frequent and my baby often doesn't wake during it.  I wish it would fade in and out so the break would be less noticable
The soundtrack is the best part of the game.  In fact, it's the only good part of Darkstar (see my review of the interactive movie for more on that).This double album is a nice mix of both the ambient, exploration music, as well as the head-bangin rock and roll riffs found in the cutscenes.  If you want style comparisons, mix Blue Man Group with Nightwish and throw in a little bit of Sonic Adventure as spice.It's a fantastically varied soundtrack and makes for a great music experience apart from the game.  The only complaint I have is with disc 2.  There isn't a lot of balance between ambient, and hardcore rock on that disc, as it's almost entirely rock and roll tracks.  Nothing wrong with this, but without a little counterbalance, track after track of heavy rock riffs gets a little routine and they start to sound alike.Ambient standouts include "Mindscape," the theme of the awful labyrinth section.  Go figure it has one of the catchiest tunes of the ambient tracks.  "Requiem for a Blue Dot," a quiet piano melody.  "Eternal Twilight," a catchy song that starts off quiet and melodic and gradually changes into a powerful guitar solo.Rock and roll standouts include "One Two One," "Guardian" and "Lasting Memories."  All are memorable guitar pieces with distinct melodies.  Would make good driving music.  Lasting Memories leaves you with a great sense of finality.  Yeah, the album is over, and what a ride it was!At least one enjoyable thing came out of the Darkstar game.  Recommended for everyone who played the game and didn't enjoy it.  I even recommend it to people who haven't played the game, as it stands even better on its own.
I found that this mp3 album is a bit of a let down after listing toKundalini Rising Chakra Attunement, Beta Waves and Tuning Forksby the artist.The let down was, to me, identifying with actions. I can understand how this might be good for karmic resolution of past deeds, but I have always been drawn to not identifying with doing. I probably have it all backwards.There is nothing wrong with this album. I just prefer the other one I cited better.
I came across Heather Dale about 3 years ago. The first songs I ever heard by her was Trial of Lancelot and Mordred's Lullaby. I was hooked after that. Granted the version of the aforementioned songs on this album was not the ones I was looking for but enjoyable nonetheless
Lots of different styles and lengths of music.  I wish, since it was an mp3 download, that a digitized version of the liner notes was available for download as well.
This meditation takes about 1 hour to do but it is very detailed worth the journey. I would say if you have meditated for an hour start with something a little bit short in time.
If you get this, you won't be disappointed. I was amazed at the journey. But one key note, you have to be in a meditative state before you start playing this. It starts immediately. So be prepared
I like this meditation. The woman's voice is spoken at the right pitch. It's only 30 minutes long. And I feel energized at the end of it.
I loved this guided meditation but would like for it to have a more involved intro. The CD starts immediately so be prepared. Once you get their the journey to Abundantia is beautiful and involved. You get a chance to really put your heart and desires into this meditation and usually I have found that when I do this for something I need, I usually get it within 7- 14 days if it is the Universe's plan for you to have.
I can imagine nothing more gratifying to an author than for their work to be the inspiration for another artistic creation, as is the case with this CD being inspired by the writings of Paula Bates in "The Atlantean Legacy." Amy Camie is an award-winning harpist, recording artist, and public speaker on the healing power of music, whose lush entrancing harp playing evokes a feeling of ancient times. Janiece Jaffe, who is a professional jazz performer with an extensive background in sound healing and various holistic modalities, adds ethereal textures on bowls and toning. Her beautiful crystalline voice reminded me at times of Enya. They are joined by Kim Taylor, a registered nurse, holistic healer, and teacher who creates invocations in an ancient language which adds a far away feeling of another time and place.The story of how this music came about is an interesting one. The three came together, set up their instruments, and after a section of the book was read, they spontaneously created music in the moment based on the vibe of the writing. The energy flowed and the entire recording of 12 tracks was done in three hours. It really captures the magic and feeling of the story and creates a perfect background ambience while reading the book, or for listening later to immerse yourself in the spirit of Atlantis. If ever the book becomes a film, this would be a wonderful soundtrack.
awesome for meditatinghaunting and powerfulit put me in a great place of peace and relaxationI recommend this ..victoria
I downloaded this Guided Imagery to help me with chronic back pain and migraines.  It is very relaxing and really helps you to focus on other things besides your pain.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that she tends to use one or two key words over and over, which I happen to find annoying, but it may be that she's just trying to reinforce her message.  Otherwise this is a good product and you can't beat the price.
This guided imagery recording was so relaxing that I fell asleep while listening to it.  Be sure not to play it while driving!
Nicely done, though music is a bit overpowering making it difficult to hear the verbal instruction. Overall a good buy for the price.
Diane Finlayson's introduction to yoga nidra explains that it is one of the best tools that yoga therapy has to offer. Her voice is one of the most beautiful instruments to convey that gift to the listener.  Yoga nidra translates to "yogic sleep" or access to the subconscious. Allow her to guide you through the layers of your being, from the outer physical sensations to your breath, through acceptance of opposite emotional states and potential conflict to a safe place of healing. Define an intention and strengthen your commitment to personal growth through this practice. This may not be the best CD for a beginner to experience alone. For participants in 12-step programs and people who have experienced some supported individual or group therapy, this CD is a great complement for personal growth and healing. The DVD that accompanies it provides a safe and enjoyable yoga practice to prepare for and strengthen the yoga nidra practice.
This was the right price for a quick chill out time out for me. Sometimes I just need something to help me calm and focus when I do not feel well.  . I found this perfect for a 7 minute usage. If you want you could try playing some music for a few minutes first then doing this guided meditation. I did not need to do that but everyone is different. If you need more than 7 minutes this is not right for you.  I have a lot of long meditation things and was seeking something that would be quick and easy to do anytime any place..  The voice is a male who sounds good enough to me. . I believe you have to use these things a few times to get the best results. Our minds remember that which we repeat... hense why in my opinion it works better the more you utilize it..
This is very effective and easy to take a few minutes to just stop and get back into the moment
I haven't had this long enough to really know if it works. I do like these 7-minute meditations because they are the right lenghth and nice voice. I don't think I can really know how it willl work for someone else. You'll have to try it.
Quick and effective and s good kick when the day. has zapped you. Highly recommend for a burst to your day.
I had gotten to the point where I needed to start my days on a more positive note and hopefully it would last through most of the day. This helps tremendously !!
Great &#34;white&#34; noise. I use this to mask tinnitus. It is not intrusive and does not have real &#34;howling&#34; or shrill sounds, more soothing, flowing sounds.
I love it!  I use it as background music during self-hypnosis.  I definitely recommended for anyone that works with children and/or runs group therapy.
I am putting together a play list of relaxing night time music  this is a good one . I enjoy this type of music when I unwind from the day .
Beautiful,  relaxing tracks.  Great for sleep.I pepersonally only found about a third of them good for meditation, but all very relaxing.  It has helped with calming and clarifying dreams as well.
Ho'oponopono is a beautiful, healing and life altering practice, so I appreciate that someone wanted to make a CD to spread the message.  However, this particular track doesn't work for me, between laughing and cringing, I was too distracted to get into it.  Someone else may find this of value, and I don't want to discourage anyone from listening.If you're on a budget, shop around for the best price.  This is on iTunes for $9.99, and 99 cents right now on Amazon.Adding another star because when I saw the title in passing, I started busting out laughing. (4 stars)
Although he has been evolving in this genre for many years, in 2003 a near-death experience in the hospital forever changed Christopher's life and he began an intense spiritual quest that included meditation, learning about chakras, Kundalini energy, Tantra, and unconditional love, all of which brought a new dimension and intention to his music. One area of study which has impacted him deeply and which can be heard on this album is the concept of Solfeggio Frequencies. According to Christopher: "These original sound frequencies were apparently used in ancient Gregorian Chants." Each song on the album was created with a specific intention based on our chakras and the Solfeggio Frequencies. As can be inferred by the name he records under, the primary instruments are synthesizers. Christopher's early influences are evident and fans of Tangerine Dream, Jean-Michel Jarre, Vangelis, etc. will find familiar territory being charted here. The music ranges from very dreamy and atmospheric to slightly more rhythmic with interesting percussive effects and touches of ethnic influences. This is the kind of music you would hear on Hearts of Space or Echoes radio programs and lends itself to listening with headphones for a meditative journey.To read a full-length version of this review as well as others, please visit:[..]
I just heard David Luxtons new release, Dreams Ghosts and Parallel Universes, and it is a soothing and relaxing set of music.  This is the second release I have from Mr. Luxton ( I have The Divided Line also), and he always produces a lush sound that adds a distinctive mood to you day.  I would recommend this CD to everyone who enjoys quality ambient music, and also to those who have not spend a lot of time listening to this type of music, as this release is an excellent introduction to this awesome genre.  The music on this CD is very dreamlike (hence the name I guess), and unlike a lot of ambient musicians, Mr. Luxton keeps his pieces rather short, which keeps his music fresh and interesting; at least to me.  Great stuff.  Check it out!
Something just interesting enough to listen to but with a sort of direction to it that keeps you rolling, without demanding anything.
Back in its heyday, Wayne Gratz was one of the second wave artists of the pioneering label Narada Records and it has now been over 23 years since he released his debut album Reminiscence. Despite the years gone by, the pianist's music continues to be anchored in a conservative understated melody with minor embellishments that will slowly pull you under its spell. Unlike his prior release Two Views, while it is still Wayne going solo with no musician assistance, his whispery swirling keyboard string embellishments have gladly returned, lightly washing Four Steps To The Ocean in a sea of soft serenity.The album opens with the elegant composition "A Silent Wind" which would have sat very nicely on his stellar debut Reminiscence. It softly lifts you off your feet into a glide mode, elevating you gently into the fluffy white clouds. Similar but slower results can be found on the unassuming majesty of "Afternoon Sails" as well as "All Calm On The Horizon". The murmuring string embellishments are also found on "Miles And Miles", "Ocean Air" and "My Back To The Beach". In between these gentle but memorable moments you may find the bare moments of nothing else but Gratz and his piano being even more vulnerable, best reflected by the almost improvisational feel of "Sea Renity".It is doubtful that Wayne Gratz will ever present his listeners with an overwhelming epic album that will emotionally sweep you off your feet. That just doesn't seem to be his style. Nevertheless, his quiet unassuming musical character is still very capable of transporting you within Four Steps To The Ocean without even getting your feet wet nor sand between your toes, as you drift to a shifting twilight knowing all is calm on the horizon, taking you miles and miles away from all of your cares. Now that is a majestic moment.
Clear audio, great recording. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because I hoped that it would have the sound of actual parakeets/cockatiels on there.
Great music to chill out to. Terrific background music while reading. My dogs love the nature sounds, perk their ears up and then settle down for a good snuggle nap.  Will consider other music by same artist, price is great and quality of sounds are awesome.
I have listened to this a few times, and it seems very creative and might grab someone where other recordings might not, so I think it is worth a try! I have listened to a large of of similar recordings trying to elicit previous experiences where I seemed to recall past lives, and this one seems to know the &#34;space&#34; where recall exists.Like some of the similar recordings here at Amazon, I searched for the author's homepage and was able to find them, but unfortunately not for Ms. Shawn Emmett, whose name seems to be the same as a motorcycle racer of a different gender.
Very soothing, relaxing. Nice for when you're feeling stressed, helps calm you down. Lovely background music as well, for any time.
Not going to keep you tapping your toes. Not going to rivet your attention. Turn it on and tune into the ambient vibrations. This music unhinges my mind and literally sets it adrift. Great for meditation, relaxation or slumber.
Not too long since the release of Fantasynth and it's slightly more upbeat rhythms and fantasy themes, we're now treated with this work which delves into the more mysterious and legends based on celtic mythology, a theme very prevalent in gothic ethereal realms. It seems we're able to pick up where we left off with Mythomusic or The Garden with the dreamy mystical sounds on this album. The delicate layers of ambient music are presented across well over an hour in this fantasy world and eleven tracks for a nice full body of work.The album starts off with a rich and dreamy mixture of ambient textures in "Forest Heartbeat" and also with the follow-up piece "True Spirit of Nature" for over fourteen minutes of beautiful, lush dreamscapes. At this point we're launched into a little more up-beat chill-out style with "Samhain Ecstasy" and even more of a harsher tone with some grinding guitars (still in a new age style) on "Sancta Inquisitio". This uptempo rhythm carries on somewhat further into "Druids Trance", appropriately named for it's trance-like rhythms and electronic loops. At this point we get to a definite favorite of mine in "My Beloved Loneliness", with a little more of a classical style with more organic sounding instruments taking the forefront over the interwoven tapestries of the melancholy backdrop. "Ritual of Love" follows in similar light with a little bit more of a ritual sound as the name implies with some percussion and various hypnotic rhythms and loops. "Earth Prayer" is another excellent ambient ethereal piece with angelic vocals gliding over the entrancing music as we drift along into the upbeat trance-like piece "Beltane Moon". The soaring synths and moving, but very New Age rhythms and beats move us into another sweet, dreamy track "Bewitched by the Faeries". This eight minute track drifts along slowly and hypnotically, setting the stage for eight-minute finale "Wisdom of Trees". Ambient, whispering tendrils gently carress the listener in this soft, dreamy piece with it's subtle, layered soundscapes providing a backdrop for a siren song, luring the listener in and holding them entranced and trapped for the duration as the album slowly and softly drifts to a close.Over all the album is firmly rooted in the New Age style, something I've mentioned before we don't normally feature and review here on Gothic Paradise. However, there is just enough of the lush, ethereal and darker, dreamier ambient styles that take the listener into a beautiful dream-like fantasyland that has always caught my attention. As you listen to our ethereal radio show and a Psicodreamics track comes on, it just fits well within the hauntingly beautiful ambient realm, even with the touch of chill-out New Age styles. This album fits right in that mold as we drift from one piece to another, through the ebbing and flowing of the lush layers from smooth ambient synths to a little more pronounced styles and more upbeat rhythms. For fans of the softer ethereal and ambient soundscapes, this album is a great addition to any collection.Rating: 4.5/5Gothic Paradise - [...]
This album, "Ancient Wisdom" by Salva Moreno's Psicodreamics, is like the music you would choose to take on a road trip, but rather, you take it on your astral journey. Time has no place here as Salva Moreno invites you on a spiritual road trip, taking you back, moving you in the moment and giving you a glimpse of what lies ahead in your soul-searching future. Medieval and completely Pagan but not limited to those analogies, the synthesized instrumentation is exquisite. This album really moved me. One could meditate to many songs like Forest's Heartbeat and yet with some songs like Samhain Ecstasy and Druid's Trance, you could listen to as you do some light housework. Great for Yoga and spiritual dance too. Powerful stuff, yet so fragile, like a good friend, there when you need them and yet trusting enough to be vulnerable with you.Forest's Heartbeat; Ethereal sounds from a distance, the sound the planets would make as they dance in the Milky Way. As above, so below, and the trees talk amongst themselves. Birdsong, trilling - taking you back to when you were a babe, just learning to run, free and naked in the forest. You are filled with gratitude to be alive; your heart beats with the rhythm of mother earth. A melody moves through the air like a breeze, dancing with the leaves.True Spirit of Nature; Dreams of breezes whispering through the flowers, you sense a oneness with all energetic beings. Calm but with purpose, with orchestral backgrounds, a magic is woven into your dreams, making them more vivid. Your visualizations become reality that much quicker. The twinkle of chimes brings out the wood nymphs to dance and play and you witness in awe, your third eye finally opening to the wondrous possibilities and the wondrous probabilities in your world.Samhain Ecstasy; This upbeat song delivers what I thought it promised - I was hoping by the title that it would thrill me and it did not fail. Dark horses thundering through the night sky, nightmares, when the veil between the worlds is thinnest, the time to talk to those that have gone before us. Well timed vocals add another dimension to this rich, rhythmic song. Like a child's fable of wicked harpies and horror, this song is a tale to be told at any Samhain ritual and celebration.Sancta Inquisito; Cloaked and hooded people walking slowly to a temple, you step in line to come to a labyrinth. The percussive rhythm makes you want to move your body, even leave it. This song takes you to heights on the wings of a dragon and swoops back down for a thrilling ride, undulating, sweeping, epic. Haunting vocals add depth to this already dark, pool deep song. Lots of synthesized sounds gives this moving song the dark undertones that Salva Moreno is known for.Druid's Trance: Ancient voices calling, endless footsteps walking at sunrise to worship and back again to feast among the grove of oak trees. Bewitched by the Fairies, the bells entrance you, you watch as the fairies dance among the dew drops in the mist of the morning as the pink sky grows brighter. Surprising techno beats underline the notes of this song. Druid's Trance get the heart beating, a promise of something, but what? Be open to anything, miracles happen every day.My Beloved Loneliness; The toning of bells peeling in the distance, a piper begins playing and you are drawn in, all creatures come to see the one who's head is bowed in utter sadness. It radiates from him, you feel it, you sense it, this loneliness and you feel a longing to heal, to make it better. You reach out but he is too far away, you cannot touch, you can only hear the music, it connects you to that feeling. You can be happy as a lark but you are reminded of the ebbs and flows of life, the ups and downs, the inhalation, the exhalation, the breath of life. The cycle of life, the loss, life, death, rebirth. Now this song is entrancing.Ritual of Love; The exquisite exchange of a kiss, the notes of this song are soft and inviting. Draw a tub of hot water, be generous with the Epsom salts and slip under the healing waters, still holding the first particles of when the universe was created. Mother Earth's love for her children, she holds your hand as you walk your path. This ritual of love reminds us that Divinity is within us. This song takes us within, so that we may love ourselves as the Goddess loves us, without end. You see Her dance, dip and twirl, bend and sway, unable to be still. The angels call in the background, all moving, iridescent in the air around you. Salva really imbues you with love in this song, not an easy feat.Earth Prayer; The orchestral tones; the vocalization; fills this song well. As you bring your hands together, you are urged to move your body too and join in with the Earth Prayer. Joy, all people's coming together, peace and this is great praise Salva, when I say... egoless.Beltane Moon; Background music for astral traveling. Fast-paced in some areas, great synth sounds, very young, like the Beltane moon itself in the Wheel of the Year. Melodic vocals, snappy percussion and made lighter with bells. Flowing changes within the rhythm makes you want to listen over and over and over...Bewitched by the Faeries; You are invited on a journey to the waterfall, where here and there, flitting about, are wee twinkling bright faeries. They touch a flower and it raises its face to the sun. They touch a tree and it sighs through the leaves. The softness of this melodic yet somewhat haunting or better yet, mischievous song leaves you feeling light and airy, a weight lifted, a gift of the faeries. You can hear the Queen of the Faeries playing a harp, it's absolutely enchanting but the base melody keeps you floating because as the faeries touch you, you are lifted in a bubble, floating freely, laughing, sighing, weightless. Enjoy this journey, another gift from Salva Moreno.Wisdom of Trees; You are grounded by this song, your veins going down through the earth to twine with the roots of trees. The voices of our ancestors ring through the trees. There is a special message for each listener in Wisdom of Trees. A promise, not given lightly, and delivered with the solidity of the instrumentation.I give this album 4 out of 5 pentacles. I greatly recommend it for meditation or visualization but great for any time. "Salva defines his music as an instrument designed to awaken the deepest emotions and intimate feelings of the listener". And he succeeded, in my perception.
Although the genre of EM (Electronic Music) has lost quite a bit of popularity, there are still artists who maintain loyal to this type of music and compose genuine songs from their creative hearts and minds. One of those is Salva Moreno aka Psicodreamics. With Ancient Wisdom he delivers his 10th studio album to date filled with a soothing, meditative kind of music. Unlike artists like Yanni, Tangerine Dream of Australis, the emphasis in Moreno's music is on harmonies and flowing melodies. No guitars, only subtle percussion and on many occasions the leads are played by a synth sounding like a woman's voice. Sources of inspiration for his music this time were the Celtic myths, rituals of Druids and the 'wisdom of nature' among others.The album's first track Forest Heartbeat  is an ethereal song with echoing sounds and synths mimicking the sounds of nature. Drift away and let your tensions go, is what Moreno is trying to say here I guess. The next piece is ambient as well called True Spirit Of Nature. Again soothing enchanting sound-scapes as in the Lord Of The Rings movie when the Elves are leaving their homes to flee from the threat of Mordor. There's a change in style in Samhain Ecstasy: percussion, more up tempo and accompaniment by piano among others while the main melody is 'sung' by a 'woman's voice'. The way the piano is used reminds me of the song I Like Chopin by Gazebo. Kettledrums, strings and a female 'choir' are the prelude for a mid tempo tune with some highly original percussion sounds. The lead is primarily performed by a female 'voice' and we hear some guitar samples too. As could be expected from a title like Druids Trance, it's chill out time: gorgeous sequencers and slow melodies but still interesting because of the great textures has been able to create. In My Beloved Loneliness some of the sounds of nature are combined with a lead sounding like a Uilleann Pipe. The Ritual Of Love is a tune set to bring the listener in higher spheres: nicely built up with some percussion and lots of attention to detail if one listens carefully. Awesome bass sounds and a lead by the 'female voice' again in Earth Prayer, a tune featuring two chords and some percussion. Beltane Moon is my personal favourite, combining more pop orientated EM with the touch of the Spanish master of "ambient EM". Time to slow down and start dreaming again in Bewitched By The Faeries, beautifully flowing melodies, subtle orchestrations and samples sounding like a harp, surely inspired by the Irish folk music. The lights go down when the sirens are calling you in the last track Wisdom Of Trees and invite you to set foot in the dream world of Psicodreamics and you are advised to accept the invitation!In conclusion Ancient Wisdom is perhaps more ambient and chill out than some of the previous albums and because of the female voice samples I must admit this album will not be in my personal best list. Because my main interest is progressive rock I rather tend to listen to music with slightly more power, percussion and rhythm patterns. Still in my opinion Psicodreamics did come up with a truly nice and original album again and it will surely find its way to fans of the more ethereal, spacey type of music.
Ancient WisdomPsicodreamicsSelf ReleasedGalatian's GoldstoneI have to admit, this is a rare offering. Ambient electronic music with a Celtic slant. There are very few of these collections produced. Psicodreamics latest offering, and there are several, is an amazing electronic album of intricate haunting melodies. Ancient Wisdom is a compendium of musical elements that are themed around an era when religion and magic were intertwined and both vied for the attention of man.Psicodreamics, an ambient electronic project, is the brainchild of Salva Moreno. His music is featured on Hearts of Space and other internet and radio shows. His music speaks for itself.Think of tall trees. The sense of rustling wind in the high branches, the images of shadow and sunlight that filters through the trees and the loveliness of golden leaves that always seem to please the eye are made  a reality though the music of the first cut, Forest Heartbeat. There is a warm, unhurried flow to the music making it timeless. It is a great place to escape. Autumn is the harbinger of winter, but it is still always welcome in my heart.Sometimes Psicodreamics takes on a Paul Schwartz feel to the music and Sancta Inquisito is a prime example. Although "Nature" and organic gods were common in the land, other forces had other ideologies. Sancta Iquisito, featuring inorganic voice and lots of drama, recounts the time when the church suppresed any beliefs that were contrary to their doctrine.Druids Trance is one of my favorites. The inorganic choir takes on a true Celtic quality and the music has an dynamic intensity. I could almost see the dark rituals, the glow of the approving moon filtering from above, the fire on the ground and the I could almost hear the rough, dry voices of uttered prayers. And in all that time, a feeling of hope, a want for secrecy and a sense of fulfillment.Another noteworthy track is called My Beloved Darkness. The accordion driven tune is sweet and haunting. Many fear the night, but there is great solace to be taken from the dark. It is a time when inhibitions are loosed and spirits soar into the star studded sky.In early spring, in the month of May comes the celebration of the Beltane Moon. In other parts of the world it may be called May Day. It is a time of great optimism where celebratory bonfires are set, spring wreaths are hung on the doors and there is even a hint that colored eggs were handed about. The clear haunting voice announces the beauty that is spring with emerald aires and a driving beat, making it the music of verdant progress.Yes, electronic Celtic is very different, but viva l&aacute; difference. Moreno, who has numerous recordings is obviously very facile with synthesized compositions. Ancient Wisdom is interesting enough for me to seek out his other recordings. With someone whose interent site opens with the caption, "Welcome to the music crypt of Psicodreamics", it promises to be an remarkable project. Highly recommended.Rating: Very Good
Okay, I'll be honest. I haven't listened to the whole thing. What I heard I liked, but I don'treally do these relaxation exercises. I meditate sometimes, but not with this sort of guided help.But here is what's important to me about this CD: my teenage daughter loves it and finds itvery useful. She is 16 and has some fairly common anxiety issues. This CD  is something sheuses on a regular basis to feel more centered, calm, and of course, relaxed. If my kid usessomething like this without prompting, and finds it as beneficial as she reports, then I trustthere is something of real value here. Zoe Sameth must be on to something. I would not hesitatein buying other similar products she might create in the future.
will help you thank
I've purchased quite of few of the guided meditation files. Deep Sleep guided meditation is one of the better ones. It helps relax you so you can get to sleep faster.
This is a good music collection if you just want to relax after a hard day at work. Or when you are stuck in traffic on the way home from work. Just don't get to relaxed and wind up in an accident.I use this for when I need to unwind and it really helps you relax.
I was lucky enough to see them play in Reykjavik recently. R&ouml;ger Eert is amazing. Can't wait for their next album.
Nice guide voice. Individual meditations are a little short, but plenty of pauses to allow you to be silent. Namaste
Great source for the Level l & ll Reiki students or those currently on the Reiki path. Japanese intentions expressed well.
The meditations are very nice. These are not guided meditations by Deepak. I like the music and someone speaks the topic of meditation a few times to keep you focused.
I never heard of Chopra's 21 day meditation challenges until recently, when a friend turned me onto the free "Creating Abundance" challenge offered a couple of months ago.  I enjoyed that one so much, that I researched previous challenges.Create Your Soul Profile is a series of meditations offered by different people at the Chopra Center.  Compared to the Creating Abundance series, in which all the meditations are offered by Chopra himself, Soul Profile comes across as less-polished.  On one hand, it's really nice to hear a variety of people offering their knowledge.  It's just that not all of them have Chopra's hypnotic voice!  A couple are even a little challenging to listen to.That said, the content is really beautiful and some of the meditations are stunning.  The Giver is a amazing one that comes to mind. And the challenge to ignore delivery and take in the knowledge makes the experience kind of special for me.The MP3 version is more affordable and easier than having to deal with an actual CD, which I love.  I would still highly recommend this series because the content is beautiful.  Just don't expect Chopra's ability to connect with is warm, hypnotic voice!And a quick note about Cloud Player.  It only works sometimes on my iPAD.  On the computer it's fine, but I wish it worked more consistently on my iPAD.  But I still love the ease of accessing on the Cloud.
Could be used for both reading or resting! The sounds of music and outdoor and just the right amount accompaniment.
this cd Eases the stress of a long and hard day away. Your easily transported to a different beautiful scenery with every song
This is just perfect for the use I need... something soothing that will not compete with my thought process as I work on my computer.Love the nature sounds.
Pretty standard meditation music, good as a sleep aid or for quiet reflection.  My dog likes it a lot too.
great and calmng without and jarring sounds or sound levels.  I could fall asleep to it if I were in bed but keeps me calm in the car
This is very soothing.  It was a bit difficult when the volume varies from song to song, sometimes leaving one straining to relax!
The music is pleasant and soothing. It has a wonderful calming effect on me which I enjoy. I would recommend this music to others looking for something to enjoy.
I enjoy listening to this album almost for anything.  If I just want to lay down and listen to some relaxing music, if I am in yoga mode, if I am meditating, or if I want to listen to it to fall asleep.
I liked most of CD' s.  Very relaxing.  There are a couple where the instrumentals are over powering that will jolt you out of sound sleep.  For the most part very good.
I love to listen to this while reading my kindle.  I especially like it to help me fall asleep at night.  I would highly recommend it.
I like to have noise!  This is very relaxing noise!  I also use it to fall asleep!  Still trying to get the hang of meditation.
I downloaded this for $1.99 and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the recording and the music itself.  The only reason I didn't &#34;5 star&#34; it is because a couple of the cuts are a little too up tempo for this type of music for my personal taste.  A bargain though, to say the least.....
I had no idea what this would be like and I am pleasantly surprised. It's lovely music, calming and quieting. The nature sounds draw the listener into a very still place as the birds and other creatures sing their way into your inner space...sometimes the sounds are a bit much but for the most part - they blend will into the music and are music in their own right. I highly recommend this.
Really pleased with this selection. The sound is clear, peaceful and just perfect for my post run yoga and meditation practice!
Personally I find the music on this album to be very relaxing and helpful for meditation. However, my kids do not share my opinion.
Great music that is very relaxing. Hope you enjoy the sounds of birds chirping. I look at it as background music to enjoy in solitude, not necessarily the type I would play on my home stereo.
I use albums like this to  lull me to sleep.  I don't listen to music like this in the traditional sense, rather it's more like surrounding oneself in a soft cocoon that isolates one from the outside world.If you have trouble sleeping, buy this album.
I don't know if you can meditate to all of the songs.  Some have quite a fast pitch.  Others are more like elevator music.  But overall there are some quality pieces.  Worth 99 cents for sure!
one day on Youtube i was searching east new sound remixes and stumbled onto Futarigo (the two of us) and fell in love with the song instantly. as I desperately played the Touhou games trying to find out who the character was I realized that it wasn't a touhou character but part of this awesome album. I never thought in a thousand years that they would make an original album, but here it is.I love the album but some of the songs are a little too upbeat for me. so I give it a 4/5.
This is great to have playing through the day as a background.  Tranquil, beautiful and uplifting.  I like this recording but I have to say ... there's room for some competition.  :)
Bought several nature sounds. Thought they would help me relax. Worked. Years ago I had some cds where the guy went all over the world recording nature without any human made sounds. Can't remember who made it or what they were called. Wish I could find them. These are ok.
When you have the time to just sit back and listen, there is nothing like listening to the sound of whales in conversation. I find them to be fascinating, and this &#34;cd&#34; is, in my opinion, soothing and enjoyable.
I love sailing, and this recording sets the stage for my being able to move away from the rush of the day
Was hoping for a little more, but for the price, ok product. Wish it had more meditation information / start up.
I wish I could rate all the music I buy.  but they require to much.  I can't always find twenty words or more.  very much liked this, the wind sounds were very relaxing.
This would be a 5 star rating, if it didn't have annoying warning at the beginning... &#34;Do not operate a vehicle when listening.&#34; This makes it impossible to replay for relaxation.  Otherwise it is a beautiful, restful recording.
Ok... so after you listen to more than a few tracks, you might think, &#34;That's enough of that for now&#34;. But when you play the ones you really like again, you will be happy to have them in your library. Imaginative, upbeat mix of totally modern and roarin' 20's music. Even the lo-fi vocals seem to blend well with the low bass and machine-like drum machines. You might not listen to it all the time, but it's definately something to have.
Guided meditations are great it you relax and listen. vvvv vvv vvv ssss sss it''''  dkladlfhj;a  18 words?  how about 90 letters or something?
I use Cycle for my imagery/meditation classes. It's very relaxing and calming and I highly recommend it! You'll love it!
In a world where "more" is generally considered "better" and our senses are often overwhelmed with the glitz and glitter of modern living, one composer, Takashi Suzuki is taking the opposite approach and expressing in his music a level of unadorned simplicity and minimalism that is rare. Perhaps it is his Japanese heritage that gives him an appreciation for Zen-like serene spaciousness, but that is what the listener can expect in his latest release, Cycle.As mentioned, the overall sound has an expansive ambiance that is more about creating an atmosphere than maintaining our focus with melody or rhythm, although there are slight traces of those elements occasionally. Following in the comparison to Zen, the music is more about "being" than "doing." Synthesizers provide the medium he creates his "ambient tone poems" with. The waves and washes of sound can best be described as floating, dreamy, and atmospheric and lend themselves to meditative states and quiet reflection. Looking out my window while listening to Cycles for the first time, I watched the fog rolling in across the San Francisco Bay and appreciated what a perfect soundtrack the music made for that scene.While many of Takashi's synthesizer tones are long sustained sounds such as strings, choirs, and drones, he sparingly adds other elements, such as on the third track with its bell-like electric piano that brought to mind the classic sound of Steven Halpern. Also on the final track, which is enhanced by an arpeggiated keyboard pattern and gentle rhythmic track providing a sense of forward motion - a lovely way to bring the album to a close. The music of Takashi Suzuki creates a sonic environment of serene spaciousness and peaceful presence.
This relaxation and meditation app is very good.  Although I don't have horrible pain to deal with, it does give an uplifting visual to dissipate the discomfort. The readers voice is soft and calming . There are  actually 3 parts to this and I like that.  The first is Progressive Relaxation, Mindful Body Scan, and Kindness Meditation. The reader talks you though your body areas to tense the muscles,  then ultimately relax those areas while sending energy for healing.  The bottom line in the meditations, in my opinion, is to be kind and accepting of yourself for who you are  in the moment and the Kindness Meditation explores that.  I would recommend this for someone who is trying to stay away from chemical pain relief.  It would be worth it to give this an honest try before going that route , if you can.
I decided to order this on a whim. I am always looking for new music. I heard about Valeria through the news and saw she had music out. Why not? :)I can tell Valeria has a passion for music. I do not speak a word of Russian, so I have no idea what she is saying, but that doesn't take me out of the music too much. I have music in Spanish and French that I can only understands bits of - it adds the fun, I guess. So, I do wish I knew what she was saying as I know she is expressing interesting thoughts and feelings.The music is average. I can tell she worked on this at home and not with super professional equipment. There is no bass which leaves me feeling like something is missing. Even with my bass turned all the way up, there isn't a fullness to the sound that a bass line would fill.  Valeria is a talented song writer, so I can only imagine what a bass line would have done for the songs as a whole.I do like the songs &#34;Memories from Home&#34;  and &#34;Out of Body.&#34;If you are looking for something brand new and outside of what you hear on the radio, I suggest giving this a shot. I usually listen to it in the morning during my drive to work as a way to relax and ease into the day. Overall, I like the CD - just wish it had bass. :)
I am finding more and more that I just can't assume a single thing based on some of these album titles that I come across on Amazon. It's almost as if some third party titles them without ever having heard it. Here's yet another example. There is absolutely nothing &#34;Tibetan&#34; about this album. I listen to a lot of Tibetan music, from Tibetan folk to chants and this isn't even a little Tibetan. I really wouldn't necessarily describe it as entirely Asian either for that matter, although it does have a very general eastern/mystical appeal. I am less than comfortable with their use of the word &#34;oriental&#34; as well, but that's it for complaints.As for the positive: it's a wonderful album as long as you disregard the title and understand that it's simply relaxation music of no particular ethnicity. I love relaxation music but more and more of it is sounding cheap & electronic these days, so it's nice to find good quality music like this. I often find myself wondering where my acupuncturist finds the awesome music they play in the background, and this sounds exactly like it. There are some nature effects, water pouring, etc but as a compliment to the music and not overwhelming. Sounds like some subtle Gregorian monks in the background occasionally too. Lots of interesting effects, instruments and subtle vocals combine for some excellent depth and variety.I imagine this would be great for a variety of scenarios: meditation, sleep, healing visualizations, massage, etc. Or it would be wonderful to play in the background of a trendy little shop where everything is overpriced but super groovy. The songs are individually interesting but still have an overall flowing theme, so there aren't any weird surprise songs to jerk you out of your happy place. It's five hours which is a fantastic length to play when you don't want to babysit your music playlist. I've had this on my wish list for a year and a half, so when I saw the price had been lowered I finally grabbed it. I'm really glad I did; definitely got my money's worth.
If you haven't met your guide I would recommend this MP3. It has 3 different step downs which are easy to follow. My only concern is that almost all of his MP3 hypnosis have canned sounds that are the same pretty much for the MP3s. I have 3 of them and they have the same sync sounds on each.
If you're stoned your mind, then I guess you could call this music I think I enjoyed it I just must've chilled out so much from the music I can't remember. Johnny Irish thinks it might be a big number one hit in the state of Colorado that and Domino's pizza
I heard that this music can be used to play to your plants and increase their growth and health. Since it's supposedly taken from electro pulses (or something like that) that are placed on plants, you are "hearing" plants talk to each other. I figured for less than $10.00, it was worth seeing if playing it regularly to certain plants and not others to see if growth and health increases. Stay tuned!
Nebula waves is pleasant, and I play it in the car while driving. I wouldn't discourage anybody from buying it.  This is a different type of music from his earlier stuff and is more ambient spacey type of music. I find his earlier music more interesting and passionate. But this recording is worth the money.
When I first pressed play I was waiting to hear the great familiar voice of Cy Curnin chime in. But what ensued were ambient atmospheric instrumental pieces a la Roger Eno or David Sylvian. I work at a group home for children and I often find myself playing this while I prepare breakfast for them. The 3rd piece has a slightly darker edge(I mean that in a good way) but flows nicely wth the other more ethereal offerings.Its cool to see Cy exploring other areas of music. It good to be surprised!
After listening to the song samples, I bought this EP to see what Cy Curnin's imagination created.  Cy's lyrics are progressive, thought provoking and original.  There aren't any lyrics here--a definite departure from his other solo albums and Fixx library as well.  The music is dreamy, ethereal and pleasant overall.  The songs aren't groundbreaking, but have an original touch and are definitely good.  I will certainly keep listening to them.  Instrumental albums from a typically non-instrumental artist give an interesting peek into the mind of the artist, and make me wonder if any of the themes created here will end up in future solo or Fixx albums.
Having recently discovered TODAGE `Doorways' album as my new favorite New Age download it lead me to this gem, "Elemental".  More meditational yet haunting with a hint of wonderfully engineered electric soundtrack story-telling.  Maybe from a movie?
I enjoy this relaxation meditation often.  It helps me to fall asleep and stay asleep.  My 8 year old son asks for it when he is experiencing anxiety and it does the trick.  Very grateful for this product.
This is a great choice for people like me that can't shut their mind off.Makes for great sleep mood
I have a number of releases from Llewellyn, dating back over the years, and this one is the most "layered" and "atmospheric" of them all.  The artist has a tendency to re-use older, maybe lesser-popular pieces on later releases and there are one or two here.  I'll chalk that up to artistic license; he felt the mood was enhanced by their presence on this recording.  I'm giving it four-stars only because I haven't listened to it more than twice; over the course of time and multiple listenings, I might nudge that up.  Worth the price of admission, though; very much so.
In this I hoped for watery &#34;white&#34; background burbles to add to my nature sounds collection for variety in masking annoying neighborhood noises and I was happy to hear those -- nothing brilliant, just pleasant and effective enough for my purposes.
This is well done. The problem is that Gregorian chant is specifically the Catholic Church's liturgical form of worship and has been so for 1500 years. The meditation of the Eastern religions is in no way similar to that of the Christian. The foundations are different, the purpose is different, and the goal is different. This is an important distinction in modern times when all religions are viewed as equally good and true, which is another way of saying that all are equally bad and irrelevant. In summary, as a music production this is good, but relaxation, etc. really has nothing to do with the worship of God, and I don't think it's helpful to mix the two.
I've been listening to this for months now while I go to sleep.  I think it helping.  I have a broken heart to heal first and then maybe my life long love will feel free to show up.
Song of the Forest is a nice symphonic poem written by William Kersten, a modern composer. I really love his Earth & Paradise much more but was happy to get this shorter piece for such a sweet deal. If memory serves, this one runs about 7 minutes, by the way. Maybe less. You can certainly get the feel for what the composer was wishing to convey in the music and I venture to say, if you were in a forested area, playing the piece, it would move you substantially.
I've been a big fan of this Canadian.  He's an astonishing guitar player.  I have his previous 2 albums on CD and they are great.  This album appears to be only available as a download and yes it sounds pretty good even highly compressed. Nicely recorded and frankly, more of the same. Certainly up to the snuff of the previous albums but the playing needs some changes after 3 albums with a similar theme. How about just some straight ahead guitar playing without the rhythmic beats, interesting as they are?
I purchased the "Chime" track (track 1) hoping it would be the chime at the beginning and at the end ONLY.  Yeah, I know---crazy to want to buy 20 minutes of silence just for a beginning and end chime, but I wanted something to signal the beginning and end of a meditation without setting an alarm or buzzer or that has background music/sounds.  Turned out that this has the chime every 30 seconds throughout the 20 minute track.  At first I was disappointed since it wasn't what I'd hoped, but then I realized it's perfect for fitness interval training.  I hate watching a clock when I'm using the exercise bike, treadmill, or rowing machine, so this will be perfect for doing 30 second speed-bursts.
Again I give kudos to an excellent musician.
Only listened to this once, but it did the job.  Very relaxed afterward, was even able to fall asleep - which was my goal.
Fear never goes away.  It's part of being human.  This has helped me identify my fears for what they are and it's up to me to be courageous enough to move pass them.
I don't write too many reviews but I do love music and these guys are outstanding.  First heard &#34;Low Frames&#34; on Spotify and was immediately captivated by their clean, pure, pop, luscious, rich, yet simple sound.  Their songs stay in your brain for a long time.  I own a lot of music (17+) but I think this is one of the most refreshing records and bands I've heard in a long time.  Highly recommended.
The program is broken down into segments which make it helpful if u do not want to listen to all of the background info every time. This is really geared towards women as is stated in the title. Both women have soothing voices. I would have liked segments that were simply &#34;affirmation&#34; or &#34;meditation&#34; portions with no intro at all.
I have a few of &#34;Sunrise Guided Visualizations&#34; relaxation programs and this is one of my favorites. It's a short, pleasant journey out on a lake in a little sailboat - nice and relaxing. I have a couple others and I like them too, but usually fall asleep and don't hear the entire program. I use these to sleep, that's why I've deducted a star. I wish the intro and wake-up parts would be separate tracks so you don't have to hear them if you don't want. I run these through Windows Movie Maker and take out them out - now they're perfect!
This does not help my child relax or fall asleep. But it does sound very nice and both she and I enjoy listening to it.
I purchased this in order to play something in my 9 month old's room when he went to sleep while we were vacationing.  It allowed him to rest while covering up the noises of others in the house who had not yet gone to bed.  I prefer another classical music cd that I have at home, but this worked fine.
this is pretty good but not one of his best. it is a little too laid back. very restful though.
I am grateful for this really good find.  I'd give it 5stars if there was no break in between each Om...if it was continuous, it would be great!
Although the practice of meditation dates back to ancient times, it is as popular today as ever in a myriad of forms. While many have evolved out of religious and spiritual traditions from around the world, the use of meditation need not be tied to spirituality and can simply be done as a way to calm the mind and create a state of relaxation. A popular form in the Western world is guided meditation, and the new release by Andrya Lopez, entitled Increasing Your State Of Well Being, is a perfect example. The practice of meditation is of particular interest to Andrya Lopez who has an extensive background in the holistic health field over the last 25 years. Collaborating with Andrya on this project is a talented electronic musician named Christopher Pearre (aka Synthesist) who I have had the pleasure of writing about with his excellent "Light" and "Dream Slate" CD's.The first of the recording's four tracks, "Being Fully Present," begins with Andrya's soothing voice along with the sounds of surf lapping upon the shore, and dreamy synthesizer music. One thing I noticed right away was how well the music flowed with the narrative. Andrya's experience in the healing arts comes through as she gracefully guides the listener into a relaxed state in the present moment. A soft bell-like tone begins a meditation entitled "I Am The Light," which at eighteen minutes is the longest track. Ethereal synthesizer sounds create a gentle ambience to drift away on. In this meditationAndrya not only uses guided imagery and visualization but also introduces affirmations for the listener to connect with the light within. The album closes with "Chakra Meditation," in which Andrya leads the listener on a journey through the seven energy centers, each with it's own corresponding color and musical note. Andrya does a nice job of presenting the narrative and visualizations in a way that while metaphysical, are still accessible to those who may not be familiar. This CD could be a valuable tool to anyone seeking more calm and centered moments in his or her life.
My yoga instructor plays this music in our class. It is so peaceful and relaxing that I decided to buy it for myself.
Turtle Island is in many ways a return to Medwyn's style of the 1980s and 90s. Here you can hear the warm sound of the 1980s styled analogue synth and the pan pipes.Turtle Island is a gorgeous album, filled with the sounds of waves, dolphins and light pan pipes, guitar and synth. It is an uncomplicated album from start to finish, perfect for relaxation on or off the beach.Fans of Medwyn's early discography will feel right at home, while new listeners might want to try some of his albums published after 2000 before going on a journey to the Turtle Island.BT FasmerNewAgeMusic.info
Very soothing. We are putting in a sound system in the bedroom to listen to ASMR. Bought other stuff as well.
I found this extremely helpful in many ways.  The first few tracks sparked questions.  The meditation allowed me to address those questions and find my own answers.  Each time I listened to it I had more clarity.  I don't see why this is under a "Christian" category because there is nothing religious about it.  I liked it.
Nice music... but one person's interpretation, not the tones associated with the chakras, nor the words for chanting the sound force.
I bought this to use in my Hospice work primarily for Elders with memory impairment.  This is beautiful music to calm and comfort them.  Not only is it a great album for ordinary enjoyment, it is a lovely healing tool for the ill and dying.
I've only used this a few times so far, but it seems as though it is helping.  I just need to be able to get used to the self hypnosis.  After that I'm sure it will be great.
If you need to relax in serenity this is it, relaxes the mind body and soul. Rejuvenate yourself  from a long day
It's nice to relax with something soothing after the noise and rush of daily life.  The combination of soothing music and nature sounds does the trick. Thanks!
I found In the Key of Earth to be a generally relaxing albums. None of the songs are at a particularly high tempo, and the instrumentation takes an ambient approach that's easy to get lost in, as is the singer's sultry, hypnotic voice. If you're looking for some nice music to unwind to after a long day, I highly recommend picking this up.
I discovered Hemi Sync a long time ago and consider this title as a good offering to a friend to help achieve a more plesant state of mind and relaxation.
I got very pleasant feelings from this program. highly recommend it! Your mood will go up after you have listened to it!
This meditation is a nice balance between verbal guidance and silence to allow for finding and holding your own peaceful center.
This  is a favorite of my massage clients.  They say that they can really relax and let themselves go.  I have a cd of it and am adding it to my kindle for travail.  Much easier than lugging extra equipment.  I highly recommend.
Very relaxing and I find my massage clients are relaxing so much to this album they almost always fall asleep.  I like that the music IS more upbeat and positive sounding as listening to depressing music all day tends to make me drowsy, and well, depressed.
This is part of my &#34;Morning Mix&#34; and it's really lovely!  I like the way he incorporates sounds of nature in with his music.
As a devotee of Yogananda, the chants and renditions have added to my devotion.  Loved the arranging and Elda's voice
I enjoyed the music, the sounds, and the feeling of grandeur in the music.  Gibson's music helped me appreciate the Canyon more.
I love the sound of the ocean and this takes me to a perfect Island getaway.  It is very calming and soothing. It's perfect for going to sleep.
Nice music to have in the background while doing whatever ...So much better then white noise - or pink
I ENJOY LISTENING TO THIS WHILE ON THE COMPUTER. TENDS TO LOWER MY LEVEL OF ANGER WHILE READING ABOUT WHAT SOME LIBERAL SAID.
Relaxing  and calming sounds of waves crashing into shore. The sound effect almost like white noise that could help one sleep.
The sounds are not bad, but it said relaxing waves, so what I imagined would be sound of waves you would listen on beach or beachfront house or pier or something to that extent.But this sounds is more like sound of waves heard when you are riding a wooden ship.Yes wooden, not cruise ship.Again, it's not bad. Actually if you like adventure/pirate type movies or games, this is not bad, but for those who look for beach wave sounds, this is not what you're looking for.I still gave 4 stars since I like adventure games, so it fits my taste, the 1 star loss is for misleading title.as title said, not bad, but not what i expect
Of all the nature albums that I have I like and use this one the most.  It has a soothing womb like feeling to it and I found myself meditating to it.
The sounds are like being at the shore. Very soothing for me and my little niece, especially at nap time.
Relaxing Waves was announce on Freebie Fridays.  I thought I would try it out.  I enjoyed my free download &#34;Relaxing Waves&#34;.  the sound of the waves will take you away to a tropical place!!!!
I got this as a freebie of music. It's great to listen to falling asleep. As a funny, careful listening to the waves, you'll have to use the bathroom. *lol*
I gave this item 4 stars because I really enjoyed it but at times it just seemed a bit noisy. I was more hoping for maybe a night time relaxing waves album. During the night you wouldn't hear seagulls or sea terns, it would be a more quite wave sound, with very little else going on. Just the relaxing, soothing sound of the small waves breaking the surf.
Soothing and no need to adjust volume; crashing waves, sea birds, local insects, and occasional fog horns.
Love it. It puts us both to sleep right away. Or if we want to decompress after a long day it works great for that too.
You get what you pay for.  This is one of my favorite wave sounds but its kind of a tease, too short.  I guess I am supposed to buy the longer version.
Above average. It reminds me of the beach when I'm not there. Not much more I can say about it.
This meditation helped to ground my senses as I ventured to awaken myself from a deep deep slumber. My wild fantasies laid to rest while I focus on my intentions and energy for the new day. Vironika helped me do just that! Worth every minute and I love long meditations too!
Very pretty piano music.  Listen to it at work.
It seems as though this album tries to connect our spiritual growth and behavior with our physical, emotional, and mental journey of existence. Even preconception and death on this album has a spiritual behavior. Listening to the tracks has a calming effect and makes you think a little about your life in general. The waves and bells in the background are relaxing. But I think the , Childhood(My energy is abundant, spirit free) sound music could have been a little more energetic (as It says) because children are truly full of energy. But Adolescent(body is strong with a strong wondering spirit)and Adulthood (My inner spirit heals_ I am enlightened) tracks are great. All stages of life in review(I am in harmony with all life.)is interesting.
I enjoy and am energetically blessed by any of Jonathan Goldman's work that I have listened to.  Thanks for making it so readily available to download.