Da Silva is a classical guitarist who plays Beatles music (and other pop standards.) He must be heard to be believed. I love this album and have the whole thing on my usual rotation of music in my car.
I am so glad I took a chance on this album. It is wonderful diverse selection of tracks to use during shamanic type journeying, meditations.  each one stands on its own merits.  Is like having a library of  quality options all in one package.
I was introduced to the first track, The Lord's Prayer, while browsing another site, and the beauty of that song has me awestruck.  Most of us know "The Lord's Prayer" from The Bible, but to hear it sang in Jesus' native language makes it truly a divine experience.The ENTIRE album is a treasure, and it's aptly named.
This is a wonderful album that ranges from sentimental tunes that leave me awestruck with their beauty to feet-kicking reels that make me want to grab a girl and dance. Put a pint under your belt and discover this brilliant music. The whistle playing is incredibly skillful. Seriously, somebody sold their soul to the devil to play this well.Enough, I guess. I simply love it.
I enjoyed this CD fully. There are birds and I would love to find a "forest" recording which features the other creatures of the forest,for a change...there must be some. The birds here don't get too out-of-control, however and what I especially liked was the sound of  ? I guess it was the wind in the trees. That created a very "soft" feathery feeling to the recording which makes it very relaxing and a very useful somnolence aid as well as superb "white noise".Highly recommended.
. . . well, you're not going to get completely over it with this recording, but what there is is very subtle, and mostly gives way to the wind in the trees and the wildlife.Another great title from the Nature Sound Series.
Another relaxing nature sound that relaxes me and allow me to get the sleep I need at night. Try it out!
I found this album most peaceful and soothing. I have added it to my other favorite s by Marina Rate. The music will speak to your soul and remind you of your sacredness.
What a delight and surprise to find this album!  I am charmed into listening to it over and over.  And it's summertime where I live.
Of spoken word verse, enchanting (sometimes melancholy) music, and traditional vocals. Love this and wish they group had additional albums.
It's absolutely the best item I have purchased after that traitorous raptor stole my originals I went to Pirate Bay but those duo spiders downloaded and stole those as well. But now I have another copy with which to manipulate the timeline and conquer the universe. Yes.
Needed some calming music and this is perfect.  Now I can sit back and totally relax.  Perfect music when you are getting a massage
I enjoy piano from time to time,and Jim's Rise was the first one to make me notice him and his music.This one uses a nice mix with other instruments and even a few voices.His piano choices,playing,and use of other instruments,draw me back from time to time.Just nice relaxing,comefort music to let your mind go.this is one Of his nice ones.His other are good too,this one just fits my mood at this time.Keep going James!
In this stressed out world, any shot you have at chilling out & becoming peaceful is always welcomed.  This is the one baby!  I've used it countless evenings to relax.  The wife, our son & myself all drift off to a calm place with this soundscape.  Beautiful stuff.  Spent many a lazy afternoon in a hammock by the lake with this.  Well worth a download.  Wish the physical CDs were more readily available.  Wondering what the DVD includes?  Difficult to find the CDs of this group (Biosphere: Music & Nature Sounds).  Give it a download & drift away.
I have just purchased Whales and Dolphins by Nature Sounds Sunns de la nature and I must say it is a very good album.  The cd includes sounds of ocean waves with whale sounds such as beluga whales, killer whales, dolphins and humpback whales.  I would personally recommend this cd to anyone who loves a veriety of different whale and dolphin sounds.
I bought this CD in 1994 in Virginia Beach, I was looking for something relaxing to listen to on the plane trip home. This is one of the most amazing collections of guitar music I've ever heard, and I've purchased it again twice since.  The music is very visual and you can feel the tone and emotion in the harmonies.  Sounds amazing on a stereo, but I absolutely recommend you listen on headphones!I love this CD.  TEN STARS.
The best Jim ever did, I love the way he strikes the keys, when you here it you know it's got to be Jim Chappell
We use this music to put our son to sleep every night, and we love hearing it too. Great for relaxing and snoozing! Absolutely Beautiful!
I love listening in the mornings, being taken away to a better pace...a place of peace and love...the tranquality that I feel fro sitting on the seaside.
Being a lover of the sea, and land bound in the midwest makes this a perfect escape. I have bought other mood music CDs of ocean waves in the past, but have beem extremely dissapointed. They were either ruined by the accompaniment of terrible music, or obviously looped, or obviously created on a keyboard. This CD is about as close as you will get to the sea without actually being there. I use it as my back ground noise almost all over the house. Whether I am cooking, relaxing in the tub, reading a book , or even when I am sleeping. There's nothing like being able to have the ocean so near when there is a foot of snow on the ground. Just put it on repeat on enjoy for hours on end.
I have listened to much of Gabrielle Roth's music and videos of dancing. I will miss her presence, her art work of putting music and dance together is amazing. When I put the music on I want to begin moving to my own rhythm not about being perfect. The music opens my soul to unlimited possibilities of movement.
Emma Ninel is my most favorite voice in the worldI feel her songs in my heart and her voice washes the listener of all the noise.Emma's voice is healing - genuine and perfect as isIf you love beautiful soft music that will transport you to a peaceful placethis is for you.
I have listened to this album and think the world should know about this singer/songwriter, Emma Ninel. Her voice is ethereal, fluid, moving, clear, and angelic. More I can't say. Listen for yourself. You'll be glad you did.Susan
Yet another amazing ambient journey created and composed by Richard Bone. So far I managed to collect about 25 of his albums and this one is one of his best.This is a thematic and immersive work that is best experienced by listening to the whole album in sequence. All the tracks have a dreamy and in some cases a "warm" feel to them (e.g. The Seduction Of Dr Pasteur).If you like thematic works like this - you'd definitely like a lot of, if not all his ambient albums. Two later releases of Richards have a similar thematic structure and are well worth tracking down :  Ghosts Of Hanton Village and Sudden Departure
I recently discovered this amazing artist and have since bought ALL of his works, at least the ones I can find. This piece is very good and I can vision microbes floating around very serenely ;)
It's a beautiful calming music CD, which puts me immediately in a peaceful mood. I would highly recommend it for meditating, massage therapy, out just simple relaxation. I also love that the tracks are 20 min.long.
Beautiful music!  Calming and sensual.  It is one of our favorites!  I will look for more albums like this one.
I read her book then bought this CD on my Kindle Fire, very sweet...would buy more of her work when she has more.
Transforming  carries one away to Pure Lands  I highly recommend this beautiful music to everyone.  A must for any practitioner
I play this music during meditation, to center myself while getting ready in the morning and during client session, sweet, deep, softly reminding of our connections to ....
One song is called &#34;chama&#34; which apparently means 'flame' so you would think it would be all fast and furious as in the material nature of burning but this seems more about the spirit of flame which is about non-attachment, metamorphosis and creation. So think of a chameleon being born in outer space or a butterfly coming out of chrysalis in Antarctica and you get a sense of the beauty and sublime ambiance this album unfurls as you listen.
one of the best Relaxing music by Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhat... "Silence", "Floating with the Clouds" and "In the Gentle Rain" are my favorite...~Vikas
this is a great album!  with a solid blend of dark drum and bass and hindi style and sounds this is one of the best albums i have heard in years.  up there with Talvin Singh's OK. great use of bansuri and other traditional indian instruments coupled with fat beats and heavy bass.  all without getting overly repetitive or boring (as D&B can get sometimes). what a pleasure!
I grew up lisenting to Santo & Johnny, and I love all their songs. The sound of strings put me into relaxation mode.
Lots of great memories of the Wednesday night dances many years ago at St. Bernadette in Brooklyn NY. I think Sleepwalk was the closing song ..
Love using this cd especially for a restorative yoga class or a beginners class...or just chilling and meditating at home. It has the same elements of most yoga music yet somehow different (but not in a cheesey-composer way). The songs run seamlessly which is great for yoga...no jolting from songbeats to different songbeats.....really well done..like I said different yet the same in a very good way.....
Ganesh and Kumaresh have long been one my favorite carnatic musicians. Their renditions of classical songs have always been very sensitive and the clarity and precision of their sound is impeccable. There is something about their bowing action that brings out the "bhavam". They explore fusion in what might be one of their first such albums released in 2003. Love the bass riffs in "Taj Mahal" which is based on Nalinakanti ragam. Arun Kumar's drumming is very precise and beautifully supplements the violins. First part of "Chanchal" is based on Ranjani ragam and another great showcase on this CD. Pay attention to how the bass adds variety and complements the violin especially in the first two minutes. The fiery drumming reminds me of John McLaughlin's Mahavishnu Orchestra. Ganesh and Kumaresh play their lines together in different scales starting halfway through the piece, which is another novelty. The second part is a "thani avarthanam" between the percussionists. Congas and Deena's keyboard add variety to the already wonderful "Utsav" based on Shuddha dhanyasi ragam and Ganesh tops it with his soaring vocals towards the end of the piece. Arun Kumar's drumming is once again very tight on "Gambhira" which is about a majestic India and based on Gambhira Nattai ragam. "Ahimsa" is a prayer for peace, harmony and happiness. Ganesh sings this song in hindi. The last track "Colours of India" is a tad too long and tries too many variations. The mixing (especially of drums and bass) is noticeably out of sync and sounds jarring in many places.After Ilayaraja's How to Name It and Nothing But Wind and L.Subramaniam's Conversations, Spanish Wave etc., this album sets a new standard for carnatic fusion.
This CD is pretty good for relaxation. I use it a work while performing engineering tasks and for some reason it help me to focus on the tasks. Recommend it to anyone who is looking for spiritual peace at home, work or while driving. Also, its excellent for those people that are in disstress at all times. You find yourself with his music.
This is music to become lost in.  It's new age, it's emotional, it's whimsical (Elfin Kind)... it's just wonderful.  I put it on one year while baking Christmas cookies, and it's become my tradition. (Sorry, Handel's Messiah...!) Great music, great sound!
It was love at first sound.  I don't know if it's the words, the music, or the blend of it all but you can't help to be transported to a different place.  Somewhere where you feel spiritually and physically connected.  I enjoy meditating to the music on this.  Had to buy the other one as well.
"All One World" is pianist/composer Anne Trenning's second album to date, and what a breath of fresh air it is! Blending classical influences with a love of Celtic and folk melodies, Trenning has created a warm, inviting collection of mostly original pieces that range from lively and joyful to a bit more reflective and pensive. Some of the pieces are solo piano, and others include other (mostly acoustic) musicians and wordless vocals. The variety of styles showcases Trenning's versatility as a composer, and yet the album holds together as a seamless whole.Of the twelve tracks, the first nine are original compositions and the last three are arrangements of traditional melodies that includes "Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming." The title track opens the CD; a lovely piano solo that seems to reflect the thoughts in the liner notes about working for peace, being kind, and respecting the earth and all living creatures. "Ben's Song" is more orchestrated, with piano and strings - a lovely waltz. "Walking Through My Tears" is one of my favorites. Obviously, this isn't one of the more upbeat pieces, but it's not a heartbreaker, either.  A simple, heartfelt melody with a gentle accompaniment are all this piano solo needs to convey genuine emotion. "Clarecastle" opens with an atmospheric keyboard prelude and then becomes a dark piano solo with synth washes. Suddenly, the tempo changes to a lively, happy-go-lucky dance that swirls and leaps for joy. Flutes and piano soar, making this another favorite. "The Road to Dunlavin" calms down a bit - a beautiful, wistful piece for piano and guitar with string washes. "Dusk Until Dawn" is a gorgeous piano solo - again very simple, but deeply touching in its sincerity. "Maggie Rose" is a gem. Piano with gentle keyboard opens the piece, and then it opens up with light percussion, flute, and piano - very Celtic. Of the three traditional pieces, I like "La Valse Des Jeune Filles," a traditional French piece, best. The piano is simple and childlike, with warm voices, strings, and guitar in the background, keeping the mood one of innocence and wonder."All One World" is an exceptionally good choice if you enjoy classical, Celtic, and folk music. Anne Trenning's musical voice is both strong and gentle, and she knows when to let a simple melody sing on its own. Recommended!
One beautiful song gives way to another - great to listen to while sitting in front of the fireplace or on the patio as the sun sets.
All One World is an incredible album showcasing the talent, work and artistry of Anne Trenning. Featuring diverse standards in music, All One World reaches out to listeners with heart-warming lyrics to paint vivid portraits of a confluent and peaceful world. The tracklist includes Ben's Song (2:49); That the Night Come (4:39); Walking Through My Tears (3:19); Clarecastle (5:19); The Road to Dunlavin (2:38); Dusk Until Dawn (2:35); Maggie Rose (4:12); How Fair My Love (2:59); Give Me Your Hand (5:20); La Valse Des Jeune Filles (2:46); Lo How A Rose E'er Blooming (2:22); and the title piece All One World (4:26). Anne Trenning's All One World is very highly recommended for its deft manipulation of a folk and Irish styling combined with a superb mastery of truly classical works and an inspiring influence of blues musicians.
This CD is just amazing! Listening to this on a walk at night is an awesome experience. (Although the growling in &#34;Calming the Wolves&#34; made me jump and look around the first time I heard it! XD)
I have four of Koch's albums and love that they are not repeated and that the original music is well presented. I use Koch music to swim laps with an underwater MP3 player and can zone out in complete relaxation.  Great talent - great music!
I LOVE THIS CD and highly recommend it.  I have listened to it over and over. Worth every penny.  High quality too.
I have never been disappointed with Runestones' music and this is no exception. I find this album to be very relaxing.
I know this kind of CDs are not for everybody, but if you are interested in wolves you will probably love this one.This is a compilation of real wolf sounds.  Not only the long howls that they are well-known for, although those ones are present most of the time, but all kinds of cries, yelps and calls - some of them sound like meows!  They are recorded in nature (you can hear different bird calls sometimes), and you can distinguish different wolf voices (it's not the same animal all the time, over and over).  There is no music at all in any of the tracks.Although it is a very interesting science recording, it could be used too to create a "haunted" environment - maybe for Halloween, or just to have something different to listen to while you read horror stories.
If you close your eyes while listening to this album, you can experience the warm sun introducing a new day to a cold winter landscape.
Love this album its sounds and everything about it. I Love winter in general and this Album puts me into a real winter mood, freezing...cold but also warm!I found another great release coming from a winter wonderland the Dolomites in Italy.This album series is called "Dolomiti Super Chill" and you find 2 of them here at Amazon.Check it out!!
"Dream With Me" is a beautiful collection of original piano solos, and is Vicky Emerson's third album to date. Melodic and accessible, Emerson presents us with a variety of styles from the upbeat and playful "Flirt" to the reflective "Memento." Emerson's often-elegant playing reminds me of a bit of Robin Spielberg. Having started piano lessons at the age of six, Emerson incorporates classical as well as pop influences in her compositions, which are both structured and yet free and fresh. Still quite young, Emerson could emerge as a strong voice in the genre of contemporary instrumental music."Brave Soul" is a delicate piece dedicated to friends who complimented Emerson for having the courage to follow her dream. It has a feeling of searching and questioning, and of moving forward. As it builds momentum, the melody becomes bolder and then drops back to the original pace and theme.  "Flirt" is a favorite with its ragtime style and joyous mood - this piece is pure fun! "Gentle Rain" is another beauty with its soothing and refreshing quality - much like a walk in a spring rainshower. "Flight" is freedom set to music. With the ability to soar above the clouds and look down at the beauty we often take for granted as the theme, this piece captures the feeling perfectly. "Candlelight Shadows" is another favorite. Warm and cozy, contentment prevails along with a sense of peace. "Midnight Conversations" shows us a different side of Emerson - one that I like a lot! Bluesy and infectious, this piece is as much fun as "Flirt," and is one of those songs that makes my fingers itch to play it! Excellent from start to finish, "Dream With Me" is highly recommended.
I've had this album in one form or another for a few years. Glad to see it for D/L because my albums,cassettes,CDs of this were all borrowed by friends.Give it a listen on the porch with a ice cold adult beverage.
Way back when Tower Records was a music lover's oasis, they published a terrific free magazine called Pulse, and people wrote in with their lists of Desert Island Discs - the music they'd take with them, if they planned to be stranded. Times and technology have changed all that, I guess, but this is still one of my very favorite discs. The percussion, the sax, and Mr. King's elegant guitar work make for a relaxed, seamless collection of breezy instrumentals that will accompany many meals and gatherings. I have played this cd dozens of times, set it on Repeat while writing, cleaning, thinking -- it's a wonderful, beautiful, mellow accompaniment to all of the above. Southwestern jazz? Maybe. But rest assured, there's nothing tiresomely dated or clich&eacute; about this music. If you haven't heard Desert Dreams before, I envy you. You're about to enjoy a perfect, timeless classic. It may well become one of your Desert Island Discs, too.
I was just trying to get my hands on some new music and bought this CD.  I wasn't expecting to be blown away but I was so pleasantly surprised.  I feel as if I have discovered a treasure.  The songs give me chills.  Perfect for long bike rides in the countryside.  Thrilling.
This is one of the most beautiful albums I have ever heard.  It makes me happy, brings me great joy and a smile on my face.  I own lots of mediation/yoga music since I teach yoga, and this album is special.  It is a great combination of kirtan music with chants and English lyrics, it is East/West fusion at its best.  I will be looking out for this artist for a long time to come.
This music is great for the practice of yoga, for working out on the elliptical or just for listening. Buy it and pass the good word!
Critters may like it, but so do I.  All three disks in the series are incredibly serene, without percussion other than light piano, and minimalist strings.  Occasionally you get the additional bird or nature sounds that adds to the calming effect.  A review elsewhere said that she owns a dog grooming shop and this is what she plays to shut up the yapping dogs.
This is just wonderful. The narrator has a wonderfully soothing voice and the quotes are sometimes very poignant. It gives you a choice of the kind of music that you prefer. Each one is different in its own way. Great job.
If you like Wind - this is it! This is the ultimate Wind album.I love the subtle melodies and harmonics created by the Wind.If you like Wind with music I would also recommendVOICE OF THE WIND (Tranquility Series)
I use the WATERFALL to relax and unwind. It helps me to go to sleep...Great CD! Recommended.
I first discovered Sharon Hopkins on Spotify, after finding her randomly during a search.  Her religious music is beautiful, combining the best of solo performance woven with splendid choral performances.  I'm surprised that this girl isn't a huge hit, she's got Charlotte Church beat out of the park.  And that's just her voice.  She wrote or co-wrote all the songs on the album, and while they are renditions of classic Christian hymns, they speak to my soul in a way no other artist in this generation ever has; it's too beautiful for words, you just have to listen!  Bravo Sharon, and I hope to see much much more of your work in the future. You are a true artist.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this CD!!!!! I have troubles shutting off my mind and falling asleep.  I heard of a song by Macaroni Union (Weightless) and it put me to sleep just as the scientists said! I decided I wanted something more for when my mind wanders past the length of that song and this CD has been perfect!!! Each song is about 30 minutes and I don't think I've heard any song in its entirety (as in, I fell asleep during it).  It is great when I have troubles sleeping and falling asleep! I recommend this CD to anyone who has troubles shutting off their mind at bed time!
This worked great, when I had it. Amazon ~Should~ see my past purchases and allow me to download this any time, but it doesn't, and I lost this in a hard drive crash.I first thought it was bogus and wouldn't work, but I was absolutely desperate to try anythingthis did the trick for me, but you have to wear decent stereo headphonesby decent I don't mean expensive, some Sentry 880CD or Panasonic rp-hje120 (ear-bud style)would work fine.
When you have relaxed, this album will bring you right down to a restful night. This group does some wonderful  sounds to ease the stress of a bad day.
This audio works like a champ to help me get to sleep. I'm really happy with it. I've tried many techniques and OTC meds over the years to help me settle down and let go, with variable results, and for whatever reason this particular audio does it for me.
Love this cd, listen to it on repeat, and it puts me to sleep on the worst nights when I can't fall asleep.
This piece does exactly as promised for me; it creates a deep feeling of calm and relaxation due to it's non-rhythmic, ambient sound. If feels like it moves me into the stillness under my mental machinations, expands me, loosens me. It's part of my "go-to-sleep" ipod playlist. Actually, I rarely even "hear it" because it's several pieces into the playlist, but sometimes I let the music loop, and wake in the morning to it.
I was not expecting to like this...I was not expecting it to work. I have been using this every night for weeks and I absolutely can't sleep without it. Love it!
I have this sleep system lined up to play after the 4 Hours Sleep in 40 Minutes is complete.  Between the two systems I am finally getting deep replenishing sleep.  It isn't that I had problems getting to sleep and staying to sleep, I just never got enough of the deep sleep I needed, so I was always tired during the work week.  I'm feeling better these days!
Another great title for my self help audio collection. I am very happy with this product, have no regrets and play it often along the other titles I have purchased through Amazon. Really works.
this I great music to help you relax and go to sleep I really enjoy this music it do relax your mind
I listen to calming music while I work and while I do my yoga stretches. I also listen this type of music when I try to fall asleep.  This is a great CD to listen to when you need to destress or trying to relax. Great for reading while reading too.
I've been using this as white noise for my daughter for over 3 years... since she was about 6 months basically. I have it on &#34;loop&#34; on an ipod so it repeats all night. I just plug it into an iHome and it drowns out all the little noises we make cleaning the house. I also use it for my 9 month old. This is a great white noise choice if you like rainy and ocean &#34;whooshing&#34; type noise.
This is perfect if white noise is too "noisy" for you.  It has alot of deeper tones mixed in with a long soft changing melody which is hardly noticeable.  It is very relaxing and although I am not sure if it blocks the outside sound as well as white noise would - it would definitely get you to sleep and override some sounds.  I downloaded this while visiting some family members who had a dog that would not stop barking and it did the trick....slept great for the remainder of the trip.  Try the sample before purchasing to make sure it is for you though, although I cannot imagine it why you wouldn't like it!
The meditation is great because it's just the right length of time to get refocused during my lunch hour so I can deal with the rest of my work day. Also, the music only version is really enjoyable to listen to just as a New Age album. I highly recommend this album.
As much as I tend to multitask, there is one area that I just want to concentrate on one thing.  I do not like background distractions when I am engrossed in a good book.Unfortunately, music, no matter what genre, counts as a distraction to me.  Even worse is when there is loud conversation going on around me or a television, etc. in the background and I just want to read in peace.I have a white noise machine in my bedroom for sleeping and I love it.  I just happened to come across "Ambient White Noise" when browsing the MP3 store and thought I might try it.I put it on my Kindle, use it with earphones at a very low volume level, and it makes a world of difference.  Now I can do such things as sit in a waiting room and be oblivious to chatting people, annoying background noise, etc.It really works well for me and now I can disappear into my ebook and ignore the world around me.  I love it.
For those looking for a great white noise for your sleeping baby - THIS IS IT!  We had been using "white noise" for the last 5 months and one night of this new white noise made a HUGE difference.  My hubby and I didn't realize how tired we were until we woke up this morning rested!  LO was so much happier today too.  It is a GREAT value and really all you need.  Anything with a melody or change in volume was more disruptive than helpful for us.  We also go a ocean waves one - each plays for over an hour alternating all night long and it was GLORIOUS - we highly recommend it!
If you need white noise to fall asleep, this is a good unobtrusive compromise-- forget the fan and the vacuum cleaner
I got the Reinventing CD and have found it to be one of the only of many relaxation CD's that "actually" works, and truly relaxes me. The sound of her voice is pure and clear. I suffer insomnia and stress a lot and there are nights when I simply can't fall asleep. If I didn't have this to listen to I doubt I'd get to sleep. Most of the time I am asleep before the CD has ended. I have my laptop on a stool by my bed.I turn on the visualizer and the room is filled with soft color and puts me in a very special place.I would recommend this to anyone who knows that it is like to be truly "taken away" and relaxed to the point of sleep. It is not a wordy CD, nothing to make you think, just relaxing. Lulling words and a place that allows deep relaxation.
Of the four "seaside" recordings I own, this one is my favorite. There's just not much else to say than this. :-)
Heather Alexander is a wonderful singer. I have loved everything of her's that I have. The  songs Wolfen One and Midsummer are my favorites. March of Cambreadth isgreat. She has changed now and is singing under the name of Alexander JamesAdams. I haven't got his albums yet, but like I said I liked the xmas album with thetwo of them ( so to speak ).
I love this music. I got into goth and metal when I started to read John Ringo, who also loves this music and in most of his books he has lyrics and song titles interspersed all pertaining to the storyline. He was the one who got me into this music and I love it. March of Cambreadth is my favorite song. I cant wait to introduce my ROTC buddies to this. imagine pt in the morning to this song...sgonna be awesome. Love it....lolz
Classy sassy music. It is a new sound to me with an ancient feel that lifts the heart rumbles the soul.
Wonderful Celtic music covering a wide range of styles and topics.I bought this for March of Cambreadth, a song so stirring that if your pulse isn't racing after listening to it, check it, you may be dead.  If you are ever invaded, play this one on every loudspeaker you can get, I think it could motivate a Quaker to take up arms in defense of family and home.It's not all blood and thunder, the very next song goes into the aftermath of battle and is an entirely different mood.If you like Celtic music, grab this one, there's something in it for everyone and none of it is cliche.
This is a lyrical, evocative filk (MP3) CD with a strong focus on Celtic folk themes. The instrumentals range widely, from the pounding intensity of "The Hunt is on" and "March of Cambreadth" to the tenderness of "Wolfen One." Alexander's voice and lyrics match this variety, spanning the spectrum from funny to thoughtful to moving. I highly recommend this CD!
Great music, in the Renaissance Festival tradition, Heather is a Bard.  Great lyrics, wonderful music, entertaining.  I wholeheartedly recommend this album.Midsummer
I cannot play an instrument; I cannot sing a note, but I can play this album all day long.This morning I downloaded my first Heather Alexander album hoping to escape a writer's prison of empty words.I played "Midsummer" all morning long then went on to purchase every Heather Alexander album Amazon had to offer.I'm sure she's heard she writes music for the muse a thousand times before, but I'll repeat it once again.  Her music makes my feet sing, my tongue dance and invites my muse to come out and play.Bless Heather and the Faerie who whisper to her
I loved the singer's voice and the inspiring chants, all to Shiva.  They are all "Ohm namah shivaya" chanted (or rather song) to different tunes.  Loved it.  The tone and voice of the singer communicated sincerity and love for what he was chanting.
I must have some kind of "white noise" in order to be able to sleep. My husband can't stand "white noise" but he also has trouble sleeping in complete silence so he usually wants to fall asleep with the t.v. on. I can't stand to sleep with the t.v. on, so, we are trying to compromise by trying different ambient/nature sounds. We have just started trying these different types of sleep sounds so my review comes from a beginner's perspective. I love African Nights. It is subtle enough that it does not jerk me out of sleep like the t.v. would yet it has enough natural elements that my husband can just imagine he's camping (which is something he loves to do)and we both get better, deeper sleep.
I love this frog CD... it reminds me of living by the creek when I was a kid, a nice magical evening kind of sound.  Very relaxing -- I use it as a background environment for when I paint.I like that it has frogs singing up close as well as a frog chorus at more distance, it gives the CD more depth like I am really sitting outside by the creek (although the CD doesn't have any water sounds).
I recently learned about the Five Rhythms, and this album has helped me continue my exploration of body and movement.  What I love about it is that the last five songs support flow, staccato, chaos, lyrical, and stillness well... but in the first three songs I can move to whatever rhythm is inhabiting me in the moment.  The longest cut, Funkeridu, is over 11 minutes long and nearly hypnotic in its chants and beat, and I find myself lost in the movement of my warmup as I dance around my office.
This album features a solo monochord, though only one of the tracks ("Temple") uses the instrument stricttly as a droning monochord.  The remaining tracks have the strings tuned differently and resembles something like a koto with metal strings.  All of the tracks uses a solo monochord, the last track has violin and monochord together.  There are no synths or electronics involved.  The recording quality is excellent.The playing is wonderful, and best of all there is a sense of space (what is known in Japanese aesthetics as "ma").  The music unfolds at a relaxed pace.  I've never come across anything quite like this before and I'm hoping Mr. Sedlacek will record a companion album to this one for monochord in the near future.  Its great to wake up to and sip tea with. :-)
I downloaded this because I'm a fan of the Minneapolis-based band, Catchpenny. But THEIR first album wasChance for a Lifetime. This isn't the same band. But the sound is unique, original, edgy, inventive. I LIKE. Does anyone have more info?
i heard this at book club one night and had to have it. Her voice is not irritating at all so the ultimate goal was achieved quite easily. For meditation students especially those who are still neophytes this is a sure thing.K Long
Very relaxing.  Soothing voice with soft background music & sounds that are not overpowering.  I like to turn off my office lights and shut the door during lunchtime and listen to one of the shorter tracks on my MP3 player to calm down and "get centered" before going going back to work.  The guided meditation tracks are a good change from the typical relaxation CD's.  In "Sands of Time," you are sitting on a beach, in "Meeting Your Angels or Guides," you are in a garden, and in "Swimming with the Wild Dolphins," you are in Bimini.
I had been looking for a zen flute audio for quiet meditations and this one is about perfect. So far, I have not found any others that are better. It would seem an easy task to create the right mood, but from my experience, very few get it just right. But this one sure does.Upon turning this music on, I almost immediately move into a very calm and peaceful state. This music is perfect for attuning oneself.I listen to this in the evenings and also other times like riding the train in the morning when I want to focus on a good book or when doing my sudoku puzzles. The music is perfect also to just play in the background at the end of a long day.Lucyan, you sure did a great job!!
I have two pieces of music by, Tania Rose, and am a new fan of her music. It is beautiful and ethreal and can be used for relaxing and medition, or just to listen to. I am looking forward to discovering more of her work.
I listen to it every night.  It  makes me feel calmer, comforted,and put me to sleep in no time.A very pleasant new age music to listen to!
These are Sanskrit chants with a rock beat and very resonant vocals.  It is an interesting combination of spiritual sounds.  This artist also frequently uses authentic recordings of sounds from holy places in his musical tracks.  This is one of my favorite albums from Krishna Vision.  You will enjoy it to the depths of your very soul.
This is a very good guided Meditation on the Merkaba and it is done exactly the way it is supposed to be, with no changes.  It is very helpful in learning the Merkaba the right way.  It is recommended that you learn the Merkaba from a certified instructor, and this mp3 would then be used as a guide.
i really love this.so soothing and relaxing what more can any one ask for.i love to kick back and listen to this
When I first listend to this cd, i could not believe my ears! the rhythm and relaxation that comes from this cd is phenomenal. I get so relaxed listening to her. i recommend this to anyone who is into meditation, or any kind of alternative spirituality. she is  a must hear.
I don't normally like guided meditations. I love this meditation and how each track is loaded to the brim with correspondences for each element!
One of the best meditation collections that I have used...pleasing sound and effective relaxation...appropriate for pre-ritual use in my opinion.
I prefer MP3s to CDs. Less bulk, more enjoyment. Wendy Rule is one of my favorites, and her Meditations album is unique.
curtis macdonald, along with john adorney, are the two most underrated new age performers around.  all of his albums are exquisite.stay away from &#34;community immunity&#34; unless you like abrasive jazz form music.  other than that, try to acquire all of both of their cd's
I have enjoyed the songs in this album immensely.I would like to see the names of the artistes. I think the voice is that of Gautambhai.
I own all of Renee' Michele's albums.  I love every album and every song.  I consider her "An angel from heaven who appears in the form of a beautiful woman who composes and performs the most beautiful music; whose human side enables her to experience, embody, and express the emotions and write the music that penetrates to those deepest recesses of those emotions; and whose angelic side enables her to write music to elevate us halfway to heaven, and there suspended between heaven and earth enable us to experience such joy, contentment, and serenity that is humanly -- and angelically -- possible."I anxiously await her fourth album.
I have been looking for this for over 15 years. Every place I went, when I asked for Merlin's Cave people would treat me like I was a nut. This music is so incredibly inspiring. This is just one more way that prooves my kindle is worth the investment. Thank you Brian Lloyd for having this on Amazon.
We bought this to use as a background for an "indoor campfire" at our church youth group. It has just the right mix of crickets, frogs, and a few other creatures. Nice to fall asleep to also.
I have followed Richard's work ever since Art Goode started playing him on Lights Out back in the 80's.  Souther's work shows signature and that is the following:  His style is in his melodies which are romantic, haunting, spiritual.  The tones generated are perfectly selected for the ideas presented and not overused.  Each song demonstrates a unique personality and conveys the right mood intended.When Twelve Tribes came out, I was then separated from my longtime, shacked-up girlfriend and relegated to setting up my living area in the garage below our nifty little Longbranch St. (Ocean Beach, CA) apt.  I thank Richard for the departures from life in the listening episodes with 12 Tribes...better than drugs, I say.I have yet to download this work but have listened very carefully to samples and have placed this very high on my wish list...right next to Aplha Wave Movement, Ozric Chronicles and Simon Phillips.  The concept behind this music is very worth going for the DVD (which is also on my wish list).If you are a fan of ambient sounds, music, New Age, Raga, et al, Souther's entire catalogue needs to be acquired.
I listen to this everyday during my meditation.  Love it!  It feels like the music is coming from heaven, it's peaceful yet uplifting.
Absolutely love this music.  I put this on at night lots of times before I go to sleep.  My 91 year old mother and her 12 year old Papillon moved in 6 months ago so my stress level went through the roof.  This music helps me to relax and just chill out.
I am an earth science teacher, and I often listen to my mp3 player while going to sleep.  This is one of my favorites.  I enjoy listening to the bacteria bubble, the volcanoes explode, and the dinosaurs stomp by.  It can be an interesting experience to wake up in the middle of the night with a dinosaur roaring nearby.The composer keeps close to what science knows about the different geological eras.  It's fun putting the player on shuffle  and trying to figure out "when" you are :)steve
This album is useful for (1) focusing on work and (2) de-stressing from everyday anxieties. This album has been able to soothe me at key moments.  I listened to the album on Magnatune and then had to purchase it because I enjoyed it so much.  I would whole-heartedly recommend it.  I think the first reviewer's idea to give this album as a gift is great.
We love this CD. We have never been disappointed with anything from David Baroni. Beautiful original piano music that is so peaceful and pleasant to listen to.
I was looking for music to use as background for a project, and happened upon the work of Andrei Krylov.  What beautiful and emotionally evocativel music he makes!  I wound up using Kazikstan Steppe for my project, and that piece is still my  favorite, but the other music on this album is beautiful as well.
Walking in Pike Place Market with my niece, we stumble upon a guy playing a piano. We could have listened to him all day. It seemed he would rather play his music than sell us a CD, and we hated to bother him because the music made us feel so good.  Years later, this is still perfect for stimulating the brain when work starts to drag, or relaxing at the end of the day.  I'd like to hear this on &#34;What Makes It Great.&#34;  Do you hear me Rob Kapilow?
I love the voices and the music. Thank you for some very spiritual music that touches my heart!
I love this, its wonderful to relax to, or as a Reiki Master, its great to play when having a session with a client!
This is such good music for using in the healing arts.  Really takes you to that quiet peaceful place inside yourself.Soothing and healing.
It's ambient with space sounds of radio wave transmissions from deep space. Not much else to say about it other than it's amazing, and if you like space sounds then this is the album for you.
I generally use these environment CD's for background atmosphere while I'm painting or for playing role playing games with my friends. I took a chance on this one because it was cheap and I'm trying to build up a good collection of environment CD's so I can just let them play without having to change them or mess with itunes. Anyway, this was cheap so I thought I'd give it a go and unlike the purchase I made before it, I don't regret this one at all.  This was a very cool and creepy collection of tracks in a nice 'slow burn' kind of way.  It reminded me of the atmosphere from the 1st Alien movie.  There isn't anything jarring in them and they're pretty relaxing.  Impressive considering that they're still creepy!  Anyway, this is a nice neutral gaming background track that I now use when the situation permits and actually works while I'm painting too.  For the price, you can't beat it.
I first purchased "Light" by Gabrielle Angelique and fell in love with her simple, yet enjoyable melodies. I used it in my classroom during rest time and the children responded positively to each track. "Celtic Twilight" is just as likable and I use both albums to fall asleep to at night. I prefer these two albums over Paul Baker's "The Tranquil Harp" because the tracks are light-hearted with gentle rise and falls whereas Paul Baker's album is deeper and better used for meditation than relaxation. (Yes, there is a difference...(= )
I heard a selection from this cd on the radio and bought it on the strength of that one track.  I have not been disappointed.  The arrangements are excellent and the artist demonstrates superb musical mastery and technique.
John Kaizan Neptune is an American musician who has lived in Japan for decades. He studied the classical Japanese bamboo flute, the shakuhachi, first at the University of Hawai'i and later at the Tozan School in Japan, where in 1977 he was awarded his master's certificate and his middle name, meaning Sea Mountain. This 1990 recording establishes his classical training with performances of some traditional pieces. Neptune, however, is more associated with jazzy fusion, quasi-New Age music of light, often forgettable but pleasant tunes. Here, in this album, he blows Zen. Deep as its old musical roots, the sparse melodies, where emptiness or silence between the notes is as important as the notes themselves, creates tranquility and clarity of mind. If there was any question of technique in his sweet and light flute work of other albums, these recordings prove his ability in serious, unforgiving compositions. The engineering and audio quality is as excellent as the music and performance.
Great centering cd. I listen while walking and enter that trance of my natural state of being.  I highly recommend this music.
Ironically, I haven't yet purchased this item, though I'm about to.  I was looking at this CD on Jim Donovan's website (jimdonovanmusic.com) and found his written instructions for enjoying this CD there.  I came to Amazon to listen to clips of the tracks and noticed there were no reviews.  I thought it would be helpful to paste the instructions from Jim's site here to assist you in evaluating this recording.=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=The Yoga of Drum and Chant is more than just music for entertainment. It is an active tool created to assist you in the discovery of profoundly effective ways to achieve mental clarity, emotional balance, deep relaxation and total in-the-moment presence.The music on this disc blends the ancient art of chanting with powerfully simple organic hand drumming.Track Listing1. AH 11:482. Om Hum So Hum 11.:313. Hum 11.224. Om 12:505. Osain 11:25Here are a few suggestions to assist you in actively participating with this music. Headphones can significantly improve your overall experience.1. Use your voice. Allow yourself to create the vocal tones you hear. It's important to use whatever tone or pitch feels comfortable for your voice. You may also feel free to start and stop the mantra as your breath allows. Take breaks if you feel any strain in your throat. Take deep breaths and exhale as much air as you can with each of the sounds you make. Resist the urge to judge yourself or the quality of your voice. Perfection is unimportant. Be where you are.2. Drum along. Grab your favorite drum, or even just play the rhythms with your hands on your legs. Pay attention to alternate your hands throughout the patterns. Consistent hand-to-hand alternation is very helpful to induce relaxation. Feel free to simplify the patterns whenever needed.3. Drum and chant together. To gain a deeper experience, try doing steps 1 and 2 together. Simplify any of these suggestions as needed.4. Spend time in silence. Spend at least 2 minutes or more in complete silence following the use of this CD. Absorb the moment. Enjoy the silence.5. Take a self-inventory. Spend a few moments both before using this CD noting any points of tension within your physical, emotional, mental or spiritual parts of you. After you are finished, again check in with yourself and take notice of any changes that may have occurred within you. This time is your opportunity to witness any self-growth that may be taking place.
I thought i was ordering a CD and eventually I did.  I do not want or need to have a download as i already have the CD.  I was ordering another CD for my daughter and made a mistake.  Tried to cancel but could not figure out how to do that.As far as the CD is concerned, it is great and I have enjoyed mine for several years.
This guy is great, I love the resonance of the bowls, the meditations are nice, good sound, nice quality, very well done!
This was an awesome choice for practicing Tai Chi to.  I keep this on my ipod and play it most often of all my music to practice to.
Great background music to listen to while working at my desk at home. It's soothing sounds help me focus, create, and complete tasks in a relaxed atmosphere. I also have his Grace album which is similarly wonderful.
This album is beautiful. The title track is quickly rising to the list of my all-time favorite pieces. A wonderful album to listen to whenever I want to be calm and peaceful.
Love this album!  Discovered David Tolk while listening to Pandora and love every song!  The title track is how I found him in the first place!!! A great talent!
Relaxing music, soothing the soul. Helps to really clear the mind and destress. The music is at times soft and comforting and at other times deeply contemplative and moving.
This has become one of the most beloved albums in my collection.  The haunting melodies, simplicity and  arrangement is soothing, contemplative and refreshing at the same time.  If you like thoughtful, emotive, touching melodies, you'll enjoy his work.
This is very upbeat pagan music. I love the instrumentation and vocals, it carries me back to my roots. I use it to lift my spirits before meditation.
This was my first album from this group, and I was enchanted. Great Pagan music! Holly Lord is easily my favorite song.
Verlene has played and produced this recording - usually a recipe for disaster. But the result is sensational. She plays beautifully, world class, no doubt about it. But the really amazing thing is that she has overseen the recording process and made the harp sound incredibly beautiful. I suspect help of the highest quality not too far in the background, or maybe she's a recording genius.There is only one disappointment, and that is her singing on the final track (the only vocal). I've read that she teaches voice, and it's true that she has good amateur vocal quality. But her singing here begs a vocal coach, or a vocal overseer who could iron out the flat notes and other indiscretions.However, I still rate this a five star recording, because her interpretations on the first 17 tracks are faultless, and you have never heard a harp sound better than the one she plays here.
Fantastic album! Heather Alexander is perhaps the best singer you have never heard of. An interesting mix of Filk/folk music.
I own several of Thom Brennan's albums.  I've got a desk job, and his music is perfect when I need to drown out the world, focus on a task and get in the zone.  "Mist" has been my favorite so far with its massive wall of textured sounds like an oncoming storm.  "Beneath Clouds" is much brighter than others I own, and the first couple of tracks are especially energetic.  This is perfect for my work.
Absolutely perfect ambient music that I love to have playing when things get stressful at work, or when I want to read.
I absolutely love this cd.  I won't even attempt to describe it's effects on me.  Although, I can say that the content of this cd hits me in a very deep, primal part of my soul.  That centers me.  It calms me.  It helps me to remember who I am.  I really look forward to the other cds by Deosil.  I just don't want to put this one down yet!
Cantigas music is delightful, most of it makes your soul take wings and dance. It is music that makes you smile.
This is a great CD featuring Cantiga, a Texas Renaissance Festival mainstay for two decades.  Cantiga is a small combo featuring professional East Texas musicians on harp, cello, flute, lute, and violin, (okay-fiddle) as well as several other guest artists who appear on their various recordings.  Cantiga is a wonderful `blast from the past' as they perform ancient music such as Jigs, plainsong, and other non-chartbusters from the renaissance period.The group features top notch musicianship which includes significant soloing and improvisation from all members.  The recordings are of the highest quality both in performance and fidelity.  One can appreciate this recording if you are a classical music fan or even a jazz aficionado.  Check out the tracks "Martha's Dragon" and "Skillywidden" as they are quite playful and "White Petticoat a la Turk" holds quite a surprise.If you have the opportunity to travel to East Texas in the months of October or November, check these folks out at the Renn-Fest.
Sterling and onward. you guys amaze me! This album has been a staple in my playlist rotation for a long time, and never gets old.
I thoroughly enjoyed this album, especially the title song. Cantiga is a wonderful band of musicians. I will be buying the rest of their works as soon as possible.
I just downloaded this album a short while ago, this morning.  As it happens, I was looking through an old 'memory box' with things primarily devoted to the 1980s.  I had had very personal reasons for making note of music that struck my emotions, and I found those notes while I was looking around.  This particular album, Gentle Images, had been noted more than once in my handwriting.  I knew why, but could not place the music.  I was sad to see, upon doing a search for Jim Bajor, that he had passed away in 2006, the result of a car accident.  Really sad, especially to lose those with talent.  As I'd written, I could not remember any specific melody created by Mr. Bajor, but upon a quick listen via preview, I knew why the music had affected me as it did.  Beautiful piano sounds.  If I were to try to describe this music in contemporary terms, I would say it sounds a lot like the piano of Jim Brickman, the mega-piano man.  But the melodies are those of this talented person, and those melodies are wonderful indeed, at least to my ears.  I'm sure this album is long forgotten by anyone who was even aware of this Detroit local, but if you are reading this review, it's worth a listen to see what you think.  This recording may very well be something you would love.
I bought this for my Mom, she's very into religion and angels. I listened to a bit of it and it sounds kind of weird sounding, but my Mom seems to really enjoy it. Its all in spanish. I bought her the MP3 version so I of course received it right away. It was a tad confusing to download it to her Ipod, but we figured it out. Overall, this made my Mom happy, so I'm happy.
I heard this music at a meditation class. The instructor told me who the artist was and she highly recommended him. I am glad I found the CD on Amazon. The music is so calming and relaxing and is the perfect blend to help you find that perfect inner peace. Great investment and highly recommend.
This music was relaxing and great for meditation or just simply calming your mind. I give this music 5 stars!
This CD is filled with 78 min. of meditation and ocean sounds, very very relaxing, lucky to be able to add this to my collection. The sound of the water seems to cleanse the body, and relax the mind. I do not know Winter, the author, never been to Maine. Checked out her web site, her article on peak oil was interesting......THANKS WINTER...from the desert of Arizona...............Oh have to add that both tracks have waves.
Let me begin by saying what this music is not.  It is not haunting, eastern, minor key, techno, ambient, overtly spiritual or "spacey".  However, it is soothing, feminine, sparkling, seamless, major key, instrumental music.While it is new age, you can call it "light classical", and safely give it to your great aunt Mildred for "bubble bath" therapy.  Wonderful for calming children, or a slow Sunday morning wake-up.  When I first listened, I thought it was too simple and child-like; after a few more spins, I changed my mind.  The music slowly increases in complexity, while retaining its almost airy-fairy quality.It grows on you, and I enjoy it more each time I listen.
The sound on this is so subtle and calming. I wanted something with crickets that wasn't too loud or obnoxious, and this is it - the cricket sound is very gentle. The fire in this is also very quiet, barely perceptible.  I feel like I'm camping in the woods.  I am enjoying this sound very much.
I am a massage therapist who works with the hospice and elderly populations.  I use Theresa's music in my work.  Added to the calming touch, it creates an experience that is soothing and peaceful to each person I touch, giving those who are sick and dying something to look forward to.  It is simply lovely.
I popped this Cd in on a tough day. I was totally exhausted from work, but by the time the Cd was over I felt rejuvenated, in a better mood and ready to face the world again.  Thanks !
This was a good long hour of bird sounds, without any background noise such as waterfalls.  I use it as relaxing background noise and helps my tinnitus, since the sounds are always changing.
Helps me relax and stay focused when studying. I put this on repeat and studying becomes a breeze. So,  If your hesitant about buying this, don't be. And its nice for yoga too.
Raunchy, raw, rocking and foot stomping! The Dolmen at their brilliant best. If you haven't got it - get it!
I have this on repeat on the iPod and it has helped my three month old son sleep longer for naps and for stretches at night. Much les expensive than white noise machines.
I usually cut on the fan and turn it away from me when I need to drown out neighbors or just need to be lulled to sleep but this works so much better and no air.  Plus I can adjust the volume.
I'm pretty picky in fickle when it comes to music, and there are not many musical projects that should go down in history, but I have loved this album for years. It has been with me through every emotion and every mood. It is suitable for so many occasions. I've used it on sleepless nights, on morning walks, driving in the car, in the hospital, and cleaning the house. This music always touches a deep part of my soul and gives supernatural peace. I appreciate the effort that went in to this album and I wish everyone would get it. Thank you, Andrew J. Booth!
This is my favorite album for just kicking back and letting my worries wash away.  The music is original, beautifully played, ,and except for the title track ("West of Eden"), an instrumental masterpiece.  The title track is the only one with a vocalist.  The lyrics and delivery of the vocals is breezy and bluesy, and is a nice ending track to the CD."One Night, Two Souls" and "Memories Never Forgotten" are probably my two favorite tracks.  Although the children laughing in "Sandlot" certainly brings back fond memories of carefree summer days, and a baseball field mowed by hand in an empty field.  Honestly there isn't a track from this CD that I don't like.My only objection to the CD is that the font on the back listing the tracks is difficult to read. I don't think anything could be more minor than that.I highly recommend this CD.
I love piano music and jon dahlander arts the relaxing mood as well as uplifting and great composure, makes me feel happy no matter how crummy I may feel whenever I listen to this album
I like non Drum kit drummers, the flute playing is good not cheesy, and the cello bowing adds a very unique feel.Would love to see them live.If you like this band you should check out:*Trance Mission - Headlight*Australian BeBop Ragas*Telling The Bees*Michel Portal, Stephen Kent, Mino Cinelu &#8206;- Burundi
I heard one of the songs on this album on XM radio. I believe it was considered New Age, but that category has almost disappeared in some venues. I tried to find the album, after noting that the musician was Oscar Reynolds. I bought the original CD, where the album title was Spanish (Rio de Luz) by calling his house and, I think, talking to his daughter. She seemed really pleased that I liked his music. I still do.A lot of these songs sound similar, but they are variations on certain moods. I think there is a search for joy underlying all the songs. What else would a river of light be, logically? This is not music that is tightly produced with 35 tracks and electronic enhancements. Modern music is fine, but so is more basic music, and this set of songs has worn remarkably well for me. I think that Reynolds delivers a ton of emotional content in his music, mostly the wistfulness of life. There is a flow to this music because it is built on fairly basic structures, but there is a lot of nuance in the repetitions.I don't really write reviews for Amazon anymore. Amazon is too big and I'm sure it does many things I wouldn't like, if I knew about it. But this is an artist who actually means something to me, so I am willing to write a review when no other reviews are on the site. Thanks.
When I bought this, I had been looking for a guided meditation on CD.  I read lots of reviews, but I'm wary of reviews that criticize other products to build up the product they are reviewing.  It was impossible for me to judge which was best.  I finally ordered Visionary Path only because of the narrators: Diana Krall, Nona Hendryx, F. Murray Abraham, Lucinda Bassett, and Roberta Flack.I'll say right away that Abraham's "I am a comet!" makes me giggle, but Rainforest, Mountains, and Oceans are excellent.  Desert Nights,  my favorite, took me immediately to my childhood. It felt like I was being sucked back in time to a desert that terrified my five-year-old self, the vastness and isolation too much for me to comprehend.  Listening to the CD, I was able to identify each of the sounds from so long ago (with an added brass accent) that changed the memory from scary to something I KNOW.When I listen, sometimes, I focus on the words.  Sometimes I focus on the multi-layered music and/or percussion. Sometimes I listen for the different sound effects: sighs, streams, rain, waves, birds, wind.  I find that listening with good earphones puts everything in my head in a way that's far superior to simply listening on the player of choice.I thought initially that I would be unable to listen to Visionary Path on a frequent basis, fearing it would become too familiar and stale. I was wrong. The richness of the spoken word, music, and sound makes each hearing unique.
I know Moira. Not well, but still, I do. She has forgotten more about music than I will ever know. She is exceptionally well trained, skilled, and talented. Gifted might even be applied and not out of context. Her work has lasting, enduring beauty. This is for any interested in Gallic music, harp, and pure and heart-stirring vocals. She may be one of the last, of Avalon's daughters.
I was thrilled to find this album. I was searching for harp music for myself and my eldest son (8 yrs. old) relaxes best to lyric sopranos. We love celtic songs and this work wrapped all three elements into one wonderful album. Most of the songs are slow and soft, one is really a fun song and a few are medium-paced. Most song lyrics are understandable to some degree, although obviously with a heavy dose of an irish accent or gaelic dialect. We enjoy listening to this! My only wish is that there were a few more upbeat, energetic pieces.
Wonderful version of this ancient Vedic Healing mantra about death and immortality. The mantra invokes Lord Rudra (Lord Shiva) to remove us from the possibility of death. I am most happy with the download and received the full version.Infinite Peace and Happiness
This CD was not a disappointment. It is deep and rich yet soft and dreamy. I am using it for meditation, for my Qigong practice and for other times in which I feel the need to move to a higher place. It does seem to nudge the soul to be more present in the personality. I think it has some transformative qualities and so I am very pleased with it. It would also be music to put on at bedtime or for a massage.
If you enjoy Native American flute music, I cannot recommend a CD more than this one.  It is spellbinding in its beauty and both depth and simplicity.  I have a lot of different cedar flute CDs/MP3s and this is by far my favorite.  I always have it playing in the background and my family and pets also enjoy the tranquility it lends to our home.  By the way, the price on the MP3 download is a steal!
I recently became interested in guided imagery during a Psych class.  This was my initial purchase for my ever growing Hypnotherapy library.  I've had it a little over a month, listen to it almost every night.  First thing I noticed was how relaxed I was after the first few nights.  I have yet to hear the end of the download.  I rarely got to sleep before 3am and would usually awake before 6 am so to get a full nights sleep is a God send.  I've lost 10 lbs so far and am eating less.  The weightloss could be a product of my body getting the rest it needs; regardless, I'm very glad I purchased this.  At this point I'm conditioned to be asleep w/in minutes which is something I haven't acheived with other relaxation or weightloss downloads.  Thanks to my professor for introducing me to this concept and thank you Luis Eyres for giving me a full nights rest.
I gave this cd five stars because the music causes your stress to melt away. The music is a pleasure to listen to.
For quite some time I have been feeling disconnected from my emotions and life in general. I was meditating a lot and reading a lot of spiritual materials. I eventually figured out that I am spiritually imbalanced and that I need to ground myself. I also read that grounding is really helpful to become more aware and alive.So I purchased three grounding meditations from Amazon from different artists. Among them I found that the grounding meditation from Sapokniona Whitefeather was really excellent. The meditation has very nice native american flutes playing in the background and Sapokniona's soothing voice guides you into a very grounding meditation. I felt great after listening to it and following her directions. I haven't listened to the other meditations on the CD but I am assuming they should also be as good as this one. Recommended...
This precious collection, always makes my day brighter.I have extremely large new age, spiritual and soul music collection (25GB mp3 music), and I can say - this CD is one of the best CDs I ever had.It touches the deepest part of myself. I highly recommend it to everyone.Thank you for the great music.
This is one of the most beautiful albums I own.  I find myself listening to it again and again and again.  Each time, it brings complete relaxation and peace.  Pure musical magic.  I couldn't recommend this album more highly.
I'm listening to this right now, which I downloaded from an online site, and it is incredibly varied, textured, and beautiful.  A lot of Latin, too, which I prefer.  Unfortunately, it's hard to find, but it's probably the best female CCM CD I own.  Laudate Dominum omnes gentes...
this is a great album. I really enjoy the Celtic music. My favorite song on the album is Celtic Blessing.
I have  another meditation (piano only) download from this artist and loved it. This didn't disappoint. It is consistent and mellow which is what I need from meditation music.
I have been a fan of Steven Cravis's music for over 20 years, and I can assure you he just keeps getting better and better.  Be prepared to be transported into a world of relaxation and let your worries slip away as you enjoy this incredibly soothing and sumptuous treat.  You will LOVE this CD and it will absolutely lull you to absolute repose.
I just bought this at their show last night in Pittsburgh, which was a blast. Such joyous, visceral music. Tight but organic playing. Surprisingly, these "junkyard" instruments sound every bit as good as traditional instruments. They let the audience on stage afterward to get a closer look, and it was clear that the instruments were very carefully constructed. I wouldn't want to have to tune a barp (rubber band/harp) on a regular basis. As the name implies, there is a Balinese Gamelan influence, but that is just the starting point for these very imaginative musicians.
This CD is outstanding, I love it. I didn't know what to expect, but I am glad to have purchased this CD. The sound is unique, but sounds familiar to me. Each song is telling its own story and you can follow easily. This CD comes from the heart and will be touching the hearts of all the listeners, but mostly the admirers of Steve Barton, who is a big loss to the world of musical theatre. So I highly recommend this CD to anyone searching for a unique gem of memories. I can not wait for the next project from this artist. Thank you!
This is the second Arlene Faith Album I have bought, the first being  River of Dreams, and I must say I was not disappointed!
The truckers of America will not be playin' this song as they trek through the Rockies in January.  It could make them too relaxed and they might fall off the mountains.  But, if you're on a date, having dinner in a nice restaurant, working at your engineer's desk or just out on the river fishin', this CD (or MP3) is great to have in the player.I kinda favor I-10 but all of the songs have the same affect on the mood.  This music both relaxes and intrigues me with the author's brilliant display of melodic tonic (did I just invent a term?).The truckers should keep the CD available for those times when he/she must stop to rest, as required by law.  It's hard to pull over and rest when you're all tensed up from being on the road with all them crazies out there.  So, just pop this CD in the player and listen - just listen, and soon you'll be relaxed, so you can be comfortable and rest.Five stars for this bad boy.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I ordered this particular album, but I'm definitely not disappointed.The first Pet Acoustics album I ordered, &#34;Relaxation Music For My Cat And Me&#34;, was a real kitty crowd-pleaser, both at home and at adoptions, and my husband and I have really enjoyed it too.  The songs on &#34;Relaxation Music for the Holidays&#34; have the same new agey feel as other Pet Acoustics albums.  The songs aren't exactly &#34;Christmas songs&#34;.  Most of any given song on this album seems to be original composition designed to appeal to pets, but interspersed within the songs are recognizable (if slightly tweaked) bits and pieces of traditional Christmas songs like &#34;Jingle Bells&#34; and &#34;We Three Kings&#34;.  I'm terrible at identifying instruments based just on their sound, but there's definitely plenty of acoustic guitar, some violin, and what sounds like harp at some points.  A couple of tracks have some very subtle and ethereal vocals in the mix, and there are even some very soft jingle bells.And this album has also been well-received by our cats.  At the present moment we share our home with 10 cats total, and they really do all seem to get along better and be more relaxed with this music playing.  One of our cats, Sophie, doesn't normally let people pet her but actually hops into my lap wanting to be petted when I'm sitting at the computer with this music playing, something that virtually never happened before I started playing this music.
This Choctaw Flutist plays such beautiful music! I wish I had more of his albums! I play this while I am working on my designs. It centers me and helps me be more creative.
This has been one of my favorites since I owned it on cassette back in the 1980's.  After a long search, I was so thrilled to find it available in MP3 format! This one and Petals are two I use for my meditation. Breathe still sounds just as relaxing as I remember from 25 years ago.  Sky Canyon, Marc Allen (and in Petals, Teja Bell) defined the New Age music movement.
I'll never forget a letter Sky Canyon and I got just a few weeks after "Breathe" was initially released. It was very short, one sentence: "In all my 27 years of living, I have never had a more awesome musical experience than listening to your album BREATHE."I always wanted to thank him for that letter!
Dave Hoffman turned up on one of my Pandora jazz stations - what a find! Intricate phrasing, melodic, just about perfect. I'll be buying more of his music.
I first saw Caryn when she opened for Peter Hammill and was completely blown away by how such a petite woman could completely occupy the stage with her electric violins, bells, tambourines and other eclectic accoustic and electronic paraphernalia.  I picked up "The Call" at the concert and listened to it all the way home.  The music on the album can best be described as a weird combination of Jimi Hendrix on violin, with a slight new age feel but also the lady seems to know how to rock.  We love the album it's definitely worth picking up.
Good value: $2.97 for three 20 minute pieces.  They are all deep and piercing, slightly different, nonverbal.  I could stay in deep meditation for hours with them.
"Pranakasha the sounds of Om" evokes the sounds of Om produced by the prana, the life-breath, as it vibrates in the inner akasha, the inner space. The sounds of Pranakasha are created using many layers of accoustic instruments and a minimum of electronic effects. The fundamental tone and naturally occurring overtones sometimes reinforce each other and other times cancel each other out, creating new sounds and cyclic rhythmic patterns.Listen to this CD quietly to aid in your meditation practice, help you sleep at night, or simply to mask the sounds of the outside world. As you focus on the fundamental tone, the ears and mind will naturally become more refined. Soon you will hear new layers of sounds emerging, just as all the sounds within us are born of Om.This new edition of "Pranakasha the sounds of Om" now contains 3 versions of the original project. Track one is in the key of C, track two is in Db, and track 3 is in D.  These are available to enable you to chant or play music in these commonly used keys with "Pranakasha the sounds of Om" in the background.  Also, it has been said that the various chakras in our bodies resonate to certain pitches, so you may find that a certain key on this CD is best for you, or that each of the keys affects you in slightly different ways.
What reviewer DKB misinterpreted about the range of Gurbani music is that some of it is for meditation, simran or group singing. Some are just for dancing with joy! The "repeated" tracks referred to each have their own meditative quality when sung - a unique vibration, which is referred to as 'naad'.So regardless of the expectations of some, this is a GREAT mix - a wisely compiled progression of tracks - with an continuously elevating spirit.Volume I lends itself partly to long single listens used for meditation, or perhaps even for teaching yoga. Then a few tracks with a Western feel can get you up an moving.Actually, the overall progression is great, and anyone of any background can just close their eyes and lose themselves in soulful beats and beautiful group chanting.
This is the kind of music that fills your head with all sorts of creepy imagery, such as decrepit ruins, things moving in shadows and blasphemous life forms.  I put it on and let my imagination run wild.
Colette is the queen of meditation. I have almost all of her books, recordings, and cards. No one does meditation better (IMHO)!
Outstanding electronic music--great for relaxing or to accompany you on a lengthy drive--just don't take a nap while you're driving.
Award winning Ken Davies' CD provides other worldly "New Age" music, perfect for studying or sleeping or just zoning out to the marvelous harmonic haunting rhythms.
I highly recommend this CD to EVERYONE!Especially if you want to be blessed & know Gods Love & hear within it what a Treasure you are to Him!This is the most anointed, soothing, comforting, edifying & relaxing music that I have heard so far!How I love to listen to it!! So medicinal with Gods Holy Love for us!I've been facing major health issues, and her CDs have been a great blessing to me!This one really takes the Cake! (The Wedding Cake)!  ; DThank you Theresa, for allowing God to give us songs of the lord through you & your music!You are multi talented, with a true Psalmist's Anointing, and I appreciate you!!May the Lord continue to bless you!Celia
Somebody Cares --- A absolute MUST listen!!!Wow, where do I begin ?The songs You've Got a Friend and Someone Believes in You - I remember hearing those two songs for the first time and I froze in my tracks.  Those words had become so foreign in my life to the point I had lost hope that there was anyone who would ever do that for me.  But in the moment I heard those songs -  I had to have that Cd!I cried, laughed and breathed deeper than I had in a very long time.  My girls love it too.  I adore the whole cd!
and he puts so much of himself into his music. very very skilled...though I remember when he would sing some...I'd like to see that dimension added again.
As a writer, I must be able to tune out the world around me. This soothing rain through my headphones takes me to a place where nothing exists but my characters and their stories. If you need to wash away the world and just relax, this is wonderful.
This CD is like going to a workshop on stress.  KRS has you imagine stressful situations so that you can then use her very effective techniques to quell the stress you've just created for yourself.  Sounds strange perhaps, but all I can say is that it really develops inner skills that when you're out in the world - you can access.  It really works!  And yes, although it takes you through some exercises, you end up deeply de-stressed by the end of the CD.  This is like getting a college degree in de-stressing!
My grandfather gave me this album on a cassette tape when I was a girl. I used to be soothed to sleep to the sounds of Mayumi every night. I was so glad to find it available for download. I know I will drift off to pleasant dreams tonight, 20 years later.
I was looking for music similar to Delerium and Sleepthief, and stumbled over this little jewel.  Right now, I have it loaded on my MP3 player with Sleepthief's Labyrinthine Heart and Delerium's Nuages Du Monde, and guess what?  I enjoy the songs on this just as much, if not more.  Especially 'Beauty'.  One of those songs I can listen to over and over.  Can't wait to see what the future has in store for this artist.  All said and done, I would best describe the sound as majestic, inspiring, hopeful, and sometimes moody.
Bryan El's music is an outstanding combination of Trance and Epic-style music.  His songs are complex with lots of different elements.  My all-time favorite song is "Road to Atlantis".  Wish he would produce more music, but am happy with the few quality albums available.
One man's personal dream of a world symphony has become a reality by the release of his second album through the AMAdea Records label based in Bulgaria.  There are around 6.7 Billion people living on our planet according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau estimate and one person from the multitudes has now begun counting a large number of people to his quickly multiplying fan base.This New Age artist has also caught my attention and can count me in as a member, adding to his total tally of electronic symphony fans. Those who like to indulge in the atmosphere of premium electronic projects that challenge the vast boundaries of synthesized music with classic symphonic influences of top quality, can also be added to the register if you sample some of his carefully arranged numbers.Bryan El is the composing musician having this master plan of sharing his creative New Age Electronic projects with the masses in a calculating manner.  Speaking in a universal language by translating his thoughts and feelings in total harmony, Bryan El has a great start with his number two official release titled Out Of This World.Belgium is the geographical location where Bryan was educated and currently lives, beginning his number one music ambitions after having studied Graphical Arts at Belgium's Holy Technical Institute. We are fortunate his love of music surpasses his professional career and interests in web design and it sounds like he is well on his way to gather everyone's attention with his great compositions.  Bryan has also composed several videos that are available on YouTube. The wonderful theme settings with his cinematic soundtrack scores are truly special and worth taking a look for yourself. The planetary voyage video, along with his song score Solaris is posted below to give you an idea of what is in store for you.The Out Of This World album is aptly titled, giving the listener an indication of the contents of Bryan's dreamy music. The synthesizer mixing is very impressive and Bryan leads the way with a Classical New Age touch, where Electronic, Contemporary, Ambient, and Chill Out, count every beat in unison while examining the incalculable depths of what synthesized music is all about, and what can be formulated from the use of electronic components and just one individual person.Solaris is the song score for his stunning trip around the universe video that travels past the planets at light speed and then encircle the young star cluster formation Eagle Nebula.  Solaris starts the planetary trek at a nice clip and premium up beat tempo, along with a strong atmospheric ambiance that conforms perfectly with the classic space odyssey of a lifetime. While upper keyboard runs first travel beside the lower bass melody in a classic theme, the return melody advances along with a well directed synthesized orchestra, blending nicely with percussion enclave enhancements.Utopia reaches upward for the ultimate in Classic Electronic music by a divine celestial presentation. Choir vocals sing in total harmony while the infinite extensions of a synthesizer bend and stretch atmospheric notes far beyond their intended limitations, reaching those lofty sensation textures true connoisseurs of synthesized music know so well, can easily identify when heard, and that recognize and merit as a true form of art.Above and Beyond is also a song title in the 13 tracks on this album, but I reserve this song title to phrase my closing statement of what I expect the future holds for this great New Age artist from Belgium.  From what I have seen and heard,  Above and Beyond is what we can expect, and you can pretty much count on it.
Native American instrumental music is a big part of my day. Brings peace and calm to my spirit whenever I need it. I saw this particular artist at the Native American festival in Stone Mountain, GA and purchased a couple of his MP3's to add to my collection. Very pleased with his contribution to my Cloud collection.
I'm someone who meditates often and I loved the meditations.  Very useful and very enjoyable.  The issues addressed in these meditations are quite healing and right in alignment with my spirituality.  The recording quality is first rate with very professionally produced background music.  Their voices are quite pleasant and their accents are very pleasing to my American ears.  The background music follows the scenes in the meditation which makes the visualizations more vivid. Very cool.  I hope I see more meditations in the future from Jane and Mike.  Well done.
This set of meditations is a good way to start understanding chakras. It was also very relaxing. The book is also very informative.
I thought this was a very nice meditation CD. The voice is soft and sweet and soothing and the journey through visualization was not overdone with astral overtones but gentle,easy and earthy. I have used it many times to relax and center.
Until I found the music of Constance Demby, RETURN OF THE COMET was the album by which I judged other new age / space music albums.  Since discovering Connie's music, I held her music and RETURN OF THE COMET in a joint standard by which to judge new age music.  That was many years ago.  I, too, had one of the cassettes.  And, in one weird moment, my cassette slipped out of my hand, and landed oh just right on the floor, --exploding into dozens of pieces.  There was no recovery.  I was at a loss until discovering the CD of RETURN OF THE COMET, which had a different, more expansive version of one track and an additional (long) track!  What fortune.David's music is filled with such rich depth that you cannot harness the thoughts evoked from the deepest reaches of your mind, ultimately to venture into the deepest reaches of Space Itself.  In the end, somehow, the music which began in your most inner spirit delivers you to the farthest reaches of space, well past where space telescope images have taken us.  Yet, somehow, both locations are one and the same.  There is HEART in this music, a touching, caressing, compassionate, classically romantic heart to it all.  Yet there is a blurred precision as well.On a whim, I looked up this album on MP3 downloads and discovered a treasure I hadn't known was out there.  ANOTHER VERSION.  Somehow, I never knew that the original RETURN OF THE COMET existed in another incarnation:  RETURN OF THE COMET WITH MARS RISING.  I write this review based only on my experience of RETURN OF THE COMET (original and expanded CD), not the latest treasure which is currently downloading as I speak.Based on the original CD alone, this is a MUST HAVE for fans of new age / space music.  If you have a young child, as do I, and wish to visually explore the heavens, this music (along with that of other former HEARTS OF SPACE musicians such as Constance Demby and Michael Stearns) would add magic, enchantment and acoustic adventure to that optical stellar journey.  And, finally, somehow... the music affects things like the imagination, and all of those intangible qualities that cause the human spirit to soar.  What better background to a starry night shared with parents, children and a telescope...SAFE JOURNEY, SPACE FANS...
After the successful release and favorable press from my earlier releases - I sensed the need to create again. Within a 10-day span in January 2008,  I composed/conceived and finished my third release - The Persistence of Ambience. This shorter work flow allowed a clearer reflection of the composer's immediate world-line with less "time" separation. I found this marathon type of approach a real catharsis. When I felt "empty" - I stopped the creative process. Four long-form ambient pieces each easily flow one into the other for an overall similar yet distinct experience. I wanted to journey along a path of well-lit surrealism in sound that reflected my inmost feelings. Those of you who know of "Timesteps" by W. Carlos on the Clockwork Orange release will understand some of my inspiration compositionally speaking but The Persistence of Ambience is much less helter-skelter. After experimenting with tense & dark ambient soundscapes, I felt the need to express a newness in my life leaning towards the Light. The Persistence of Ambience echoes resolution, relaxation, revelations & returning to peace. Tension & release are employed compositionally as it produces balance but the intensity of stressful tones is greatly subdued.The presence of natural or "found sound" is interwoven as the synth tones themselves called for such. Sometimes the synth textures spoke rain or water or wind or machine. When this happened, I decided to mirror the virtual with realities we have each encountered. This somehow was deeply relaxing to my psyche as soon as I combined the soundmaps. It made warm yet sterile synths seem more alive, organic and I felt myself "go back" in time to deep memories. I hope thus is true for the listener as well. Enjoy!Time is an illusion . . .???This CD will demonstrate time flow is indeed subjective & relative.Immerse yourself and escape the illusion.Listen and you will understand . . .[...]
This meditation/relaxation cd is wonderful and very creative. I suggest purchasing it and just sitting back and relaxing to the beautiful sounds and voices.I have even had the privilege of visiting Swami's healing retreat center. I suggest that everyone visit. The healing energy and positive spirit is reflective of what's in the cd. Visit him online at [...]
I've known Martin many years now.  He's a friend and a world class musician.  He's played with Eric Burdon, Lita Ford, Vanilla Fudge, Meatloaf and others, including his current stint with Iron Butterfly.  But this is one of his solo efforts with some fine musicians backing him.  The songs are his and come from deep within him.  For me, this album contains some brilliant tunes, some soft, some rocking, one mirroring classic Pink Floyd.  I love every song on this CD.  I highly suggest you take a listen and make this obscure creation part your musical inventory.  You won't be disappointed.
I have bought off Amazon almost all of this artist's music.  According to the artist, he does not exist on amazon so therefore I do not exist.  If I don't exist then who is paying for my amazon cloud and music.  Everyone check him out on amazon and on I Tunes.  He is there.  I have records of it all.  Maybe if we all say something it will get attention.  He has amazing music and is a icon from late  60's on.  Just watched him live in Mt. Shasta on 10/11/13.  He has a right to get paid for what he has done.
Parsons has done it again! I enjoy this man's music more than any other musician's. He touches my soul and leaves me breathless.
This music is a masterpiece of sound and vibration.  I can sit down at my pc and focus my mind and heart on what I really need to accomplish at the given moment.  None of my family asks or complains. This music is not only beautiful but beneficial.  The cats love it. The dogs love it. Bless the Author.
Before I tried this MP3, I felt stricken with allergies and chronic fatigue.  Now I feel ready to jump out of bed and chase the day!  Thanks to Trevor, I have my life back!!
My two sons use a fan to create noise to soothe themselves to sleep and calm themselves through the night. When the weather starts to get chilly, we transition to the CD 'Calming Electric Fan'. This is our second copy. (It became scratched after 3 years of nightly use.) I would recommend this as a sleep tool but BE WARNED: Addiction to the noise in order to fall asleep is most likely! My sons are 14 & 16 now!!Calming Electric Fan: Fan Sound CD!
How exactly do you "review" a cd that contains an hour of continuous white noise in the form of the sound of a "Calming Electric Fan". Well, I can just tell you that I love it. It *is* calming, relaxing, soothing and wonderful. It helps me to sleep, to concentrate and to clear my mind. I love it. I've got plenty of white noise CDs and MP3s, and this is among the good ones.
This is one of the best sound recordings I have used. It has saved the purchase of at least one fan. I burned this to a CD and set it for replay/repeat. It's about 1 HR(without). Like any thing the better the CD the better the recording. Use a quality CD and burn at Best Quality available. You can also listen to using your MP3 player.
This is perfect to block out everyone and everything tht annoys me.  It's great on public transit, waiting rooms, blocks out screaming kids in restaurants and everywhere else that noisy rugrats inhabit.  I have it on all of my iPods so whenever I feel like I'm a captive audience to people who run at the mouth on their cellphones and others who insist on being rude and uncivil I slap on my noise blocking earbuds, switch on the iPod and I'm good to go.  Have you noticed that libraries are no longer having "quiet" rules enforced?  This deals with it.  It's great on airplanes as well.  Don't allow anyone to encroach on your inner tranquility anymore and buy this.  You won't regret it.  Oh yeah-it eliminates noisy neighbors, dogs barking off the hook and local construction noise.  I can now read at least one to two books a week and be completely focused on the subject matter which helps me professionally.  The world is too damned noisy and it's getting worse.  It also works well when you need to sleep.  You will get your 8 hours in without a problem and if you're on the road as much as I am and stay in hotels you need all the help you can get, without drugs.
Deep listening and beautifully composed.  Truly musical and penetrating without feeling synthesized.  Deeply affects one's state of mind as all true music does.  Bravo!  As a musician myself I am  interested in hearing music that is rich, resonant and draws one into the environment of sound that is created.  While other music such as solfeggio  penetrates deeply with the sound itself this music is composed in such a way to give a rich  voice to the landscape and to the experience of listening.
I never get tired of this - it brings back memories that I can't quite get in touch with - feelings of home somewhere
I participated in one of the artists Free Full Moon meditations over the phone and at the end she opened the line for discussions. I was facing a particularly challenging diagnosis of skin cancer and the next day would be undergoing a MOHS Procedure to remove the lesion. Norma shared that this album was particularly good for clearing anesthesia and &#34;hospital energies&#34; from your system. I downloaded the MP3 of the Album and just loved the music. It was so uplifting. I listened to it several times the day before my procedure, during (the nurses and doctor were very intrigued when I shared what I was listening to--they actually asked) and I've continued. Now I am including it, along with &#34;Open Heart Meditation&#34;, as part of my nightly bedtime ritual. It literally relaxes me and I've long suffered from insomnia. As the days go by, I'm finding it easier to drift into such a deep state of relaxation that the challenges of old are disappearing. I've even been able to cut back on the amount of Valerian root I've been taking to help me sleep.What an absolutely marvelous album that helps with so many areas, but primarily healing and relaxation!
I love listening to Aeoliah's music. I find it relaxing and uplifting. I highly recommend this CD and any other CD or MP3 download from Aeoliah's collection. You won't be disappointed.
Excellent way to meditate and wake up refreshed or go to sleep for the night. Would recommend to a friend.
I have purchased several of the sound mp3s by this author. the recording quality is excellent and they're great for sleeping.
This sounds like a real babbling brook.  It is just water--no birds, no wind chimes, etc.  You can put this on to drown out noise distractions, or to relax and pretend you are in the woods sitting by a babbling brook.  If you want the sound of just trickeling water this is a good choice.  I would like a few bird sounds, just to make a more realistic outdoor sound, but definitely prefer this to the ones with wind chimes.
EXCELLENT!!! EXCELLENT!!! EXCELLENT!!! ONLY babbling brook sounds...no birds...no thunder....nothing but JUST babbling brook sound!!!! No stupid background pan flutes mixed in with the babbling brook! No advertisements at the end of the CD! This CD is PURE, PURE...let me repeat that...PURE,PURE babbling brook sounds! It's like you're sleeping right beside the running water. I just pop in my ear-plugs, put the CD in my boom box...hit "continuous repeat" , plug in my headphones & experience an AWESOME night's sleep! It DROWNS out the neighbor's stupid barking dog at all hours of the night! It works GREAT for me! I HIGHLY recommend this CD!!! You WON't be sorry if you buy it!!!
After having been disappointed with several nature CD's I lowered my expectation a little. But no need to with this as it sounds incredible! It truly does sound like I am camping next to a stream or river and it really helps me sleep. There are no birds, music, or any other distracting sounds that I didn't want. The sound quality is fantastic and I have nothing negative to say. If you like to sleep with white noise or water sound get this CD.
This is what I consider a relaxing sort of background noise for someone trying to relax, or maybe fall asleep.  Fair price, quality product, and fast shipping.  Thank you Amazon.com
This is the most perfect &#34;babbling brook&#34; sound I have heard...possibly ever? Short of actually sitting by one!1. The volume on the track is loud, it's not quiet. I play it only on my phone and it maximizes the phone's volume limits. (We use it as ambient noise and to drown out other noises while sleeping).2. The noise is clear and sounds like water, not static.3. NO BIRDS! I love birds, bird songs, etc but some of the nature sounds have birds that sound like they are chirping right into the mic. This has either no birds whatsoever, or they are generally undetectable.4. It's a full hour long - no annoying fade every 10 minutes when it loops. In fact, I don't know if I've heard the fade at all? Maybe I haven't been awake for it or maybe there isn't one?Bottom line - if you need sounds for sleeping or anything, this is going to be your go to.
This is probably the best one. Sounds like I'm actually at the brook. There's also no background noise, which makes it even better. If you like this, you can try the Ocean Waves CD.
This CD has.the greatest  sound.It's really relaxing.My cats even lay in bed with me.the babbling brook is a you. Really need.
This has become my favorite sound. It reminds me of the little creek in the woods that we used to walk in. I've always loved the noise it makes and wished I could record it. Thank goodness some one did.
I have several relaxation/nature sounds CD's.  This is by far the best I have found to put me to sleep.  There are no bird sounds to interrupt or irritate.  No detectable loop.  I rarely have heard this one all the way to the end.
CD Description from Jim Butler's websiteDeep Energy 1 - Music for Meditation and Relaxation is the first full length CD release from Jim Butler. Jim is the creator/composer of the "Dark Ambient" podcast, which has ranked as high as number two on the Itunes Ambient Podcast Rankings. Jim wanted to make a full length, one-track CD that can be played for relaxation, or when music is needed that is not intrusive to the surroundings. This music is perfect for meditation, or during work (used with headphones). While listening to Deep Energy at a low volume, one can almost forget that there is music being played, and it doesn't distract from any tasks at hand.
My bird settles right down when this cd is playing. Before he would screech constantly when my husband left the room. Now my hubby can nap without interuption. I set up a scheduled task on my pc for the cd to play several times a day for when we leave the house. Georgie is much less stressed. Happy Bird, happy hubby! Very good buy.
We have many bird c.d.'s. But this one gets happy chirps everytime my caique hears it. Very nice for bird and people. Love the stories too.
Amazing music CD!! GET it, you'll NOT be disappointed! You'll be disappointed if you don't &#8212; just good listening. Amazing!
I spend many years trying to find a way to learn to mediate; I read plenty of books on the subject, but some how I was never able to succeed. This all change once I found this album which allowed me to fall into deep mediation state with great ease. The music is beautifully composed, and Lynch soft voice does wonders on guiding one into a good meditative state. I recommend this to anyone in their journey to spiritual development,and those who simply enjoy the mind clearing effect of regular meditation.
Gerri Desimone has captured the essence of deep meditation through a perfect balance of music and subtle instruction through inner chakra clearing. The effects can create a crystal clear gateway to your inner spiritual guide. After years of meditation, I still find that it allows me to continue to keep my energy flowing without obstructions. Another added benefit is that I don't feel that I have outgrown this process as it is a perfect 'tune-up' prior to other energy work I do with my clients.
This CD takes your spirit to places you have forgotten in everyday life's mad search to exist.The words and music lovingly wrap you in a welcoming embrace and then takes you on a journey of reawakening.The whole CD speaks to you so simply and  directly. There are 6 different guided meditations that are relevant to different situations  and all of them are so enlightening.For example if you feel down in the dumps go for the Mother Earth Charka Clearing meditation. You will feel Earth's loving warmth raising up from the soles of your feet to warmly awaken and clear your entire body. Rest relax and listen takes to to nurturing realms of spirituality that leave you renewed spiritually. The other meditations are equally wonderful too. Ps. My copy of this CD is so well used  I taped the cover to preserve it.Yet everytime I play it the CD has an eternal freshness that always welcomes me.
Gerri has a beautiful, soothing voice and the music by Matt Pavolaitis matches the same level of vibration.  Enjoy two choices and two CDs, 1 with Gerri's voice guided meditations, or use the music only CD.I prefer the voice, it is beautiful - and it helps me stay focused on the task at hand which is to get the chakras balanced and reach a higher elevation for inner peace.
The first thing that strikes you about Gerri's CD is the power of it.  From the moment you turn it on, there is a sense of something big at work here; something that is true and deep.  So many meditation CD's are cookie-cutter instructions and leave you with a feeling of "been there, done that" when you hear them.  Gerri's CD shatters that label.  You can immediately tell that what she is saying is not rehearsed, not canned, and is completely "off the cuff", yet it flows from her her like water over a mountain brook.  Words this powerful and eloquent can only come intuitively like this if they are coming from somewhere beyond the normal mind.  What she offers here is obviously coming from a higher source; from a place of true being and consciousness.  This CD is a diamond in the rough, and will literally transform you.  A truly inspired work with inspiring and powerful results.
I found this little-known artist by accident with friend and Psychology Prof Steve Fleisher while we waited for our plane in Portland on route back from Geological Society of America Meeting. We discovered Ronda at her grand piano playing live at a nice wine bar--that airport does a first-rate sendoff!The music was so good that we bought her CD--then after listening ordered more for best friends. The compositions are originals and the music grabs you in a way that reminds me that of the early George Winston December, Piano Solos: 20th Anniversary Edition albums.  It sets a terrific calming mood that is great for driving or to write by. It quickly became one of my favorites.
I had the surprising pleasure of hearing & seeing Ronda playing live on a beautiful grand piano while meandering through the Portland Airport last year.  It was so moving that it literally stopped me in my tracks.  I bought the CD while there and highly recommend it!
Beautiful, meditative music. Gorgeous, melodic, soothing compositions that uplift the spirits and soothe the tired soul. So glad I found this. You will be too!
"Existence" is an alliance of properly outstanding musicians. This project includes Wojciech Czemplik (violin), Ralf Damwerth (vocals) and Margot Reisinger (vocals, Tibetan planetary singing bowls, piano, guitar, flutes, sitar, percussion and synthesizer). "Planetary Healing" double album recording was carried out with the assistance of a famous sound engineer Tom Bates who had won 8 Grammy Awards.Every composition of the first disc called "Planetary Suite" is devoted to the Sun and separate planets of the solar system. Primeval sounds of Tibetan planetary singing bowls, a violin that touches everyone's heart, tender vocals, charming keyboards and polyphony of accompanying instruments allow to make a travel along our solar system starting from the Sun to its very distant corners leaving aside Mercury, Venus, the Earth and other planets.The sound of the album is very gentle. In this project the music of different nations and continents interlaced together. And at the same time different cultural traditions are so skillfully joined together and framed with enchanting feminine vocals that it is impossible to break off, disengage some separate part from this music. It is very harmonious, and there is something bewitching in it: while listening to the divine "Planetary Suite" one just wants to listen to it again and again. This is an excellent example of modern music which is over and above the time and style. "Planetary Suite" exceeds all the limits and shatters all barriers. And there is so much beauty in all these tunes!The second disc "Tibetan Singing Bowls" consists of practically 76 minutes of meditation.  Profound sounds of Tibetan planetary singing bowls create an atmosphere for attaining the state of peace and relaxation. They are consonant with the vibration of the planet itself; one can feel the Earth's pulse in them.What else can be said about this prominent album? A colored loose leaf narrates not only of the origin and features of Tibetan planetary singing bowls being unique musical instruments but of physical and astrological aspects of every planet as well."Planetary Healing" is a truly brilliant piece of work. The sound of both discs is practically perfect. The album gives the best fit to both light rest-time and to deep meditation.In cold winter when there's no gleam of hopeThe music only calls you to go forward...Serge Kozlovsky[...]
This is the first MP3 I've downloaded by Iasos, but it won't be the last. This album reminds me of Aeoliah or Liquid Mind; as soon as you hit play you feel your body begin to relax. And if you listen to it while looking at the beautiful cover artwork you are whisked away to strange place that exists only in your mind... or does it? Either way, this music is the vessel that takes you there. The nature sounds on "Oh, How Deeply Do I Love You?" are a special treat. "Liquid Crystal Love" is only $2.97! How many safe enriching, enchanting journeys can you take for less than 3 bucks? Stop reading, start downloading, begin the journey.
A gifted musician and composer, Carl Leta's music touches one's heart and soothes one's soul! Thank you, Carl Leta, for sharing your gift with us!
This album is truly amazing. What a beautiful gift from god! Thanks for sharing your soul with the world!  I  can't wait for your next work of genius.
I absolutely love this track. The delivery is perfect, the visualization is soothing, the suggestions are sound ...... and it seems to work! I listen to it 3 times a week and have allowed a couple of my friends to borrow this CD - all with good results. It may not work miracles - but it certainly helps to keep your mind focused on the right things, so that your mind and body can work together to create perfect health.
I hope she succeeds in becoming more popular, because she is truly an amazingly talented and unique artist!  I saw her recently in Chapel Hill, NC and she had the entire room entranced throughout her entire performance - truly stunning music!  Some songs even brought me near tears!  Her live performances differ from her recorded music, which has richer background accompaniment.  Her voice is as smooth and captivating as her harp.  She expresses such maturity and wisdom in her music and lyrics.  I highly reccomend anyone, even if you don't normally listen to this genre, to give it a shot!
I downloaded this to use during the day as a destressor.  I downloaded this at night and since I was having an insomnia attack I decided to give it a listen to make sure it loaded correctly.  Lets just say I've only missed listening to it it one night over the last month or so and the night I missed (mp3 player wasn't charged) I didn't get to sleep until after 4 am and I had to be up by 6am.  Better than all my other sleep meditations.
I have purchased several of the Global Hypnosis MP3 downloads as well as self hypnosis CDs and MP3s by other artists (Steven Gurgevich, Erick Brown, Glen Harrold, etc..).  The Global Hypnosis CDs have a very nice induction period, which is long (excluding the extra "Relaxer" track) compared to that of many hypnosis CDs out there.  The voice is very relaxing. Some people might find the "sound over" (new age, storms and water flow) to be a little loud on these recordings.  The hypnosis session is really split over 2 tracks and lasts about an hour.  The suggestive script is split onto the 2nd and 3rd tracks.  The only complaint I would have is that there is a relatively long break in the suggestive script at the end of the 2nd track and the beginning of the 3rd track.This is my favorite of the Global Hypnosis CDs.  I would definitely recommend it.
As a previous reviewer pointed out, there are no voice overs to guide you into a hypnotic state. These two tracks have a Buddhist chanting/meditation quality that I think is more "brainwave entrainment". Brainwave entrainment uses the science that has been developed over the years which ties into the different states of brainwaves from sleep to relaxed to alert and everything in between. The chanting by monks of various religions have shown specific brainwaves like alpha, theta, gamma and so on help with specific areas of the conscious and subconscious mind.People will react differently to how they are presented; and while this doesn't appear to be as technologically advanced as some of the other brainwave entrainment tracks available on Amazon and other places,  this is a very centering album which I use both at rest and while working on graphic design for websites or writing copy.Some may think that brainwave entrainment or meditation or other forms of this sort is bunk but it's cheaper and better for you than prescription medications, alcohol and other drugs. This particular set of tracks, if nothing else, can help you feel more centered and relaxed. The first track is more along a meditative state while the second one seems revive you a bit more.If you believe in brainwave entrainment or meditation or both, this may be great album for you to download, put on your MP3 player and at least help you feel centered. Again, this is not a traditional hypnosis type of album so be aware of that.  In hindsight (I've had this for about a year?) I wish I had written this review before the 1 star reviewer had downloaded this so he/she could have known.  A lot of these albums on Amazon are without a description so you're kind of at the mercy of anyone else that already has downloaded them. Hopefully this review and the 1 star review will help others out there decide if this is what you are looking for.
I have tried several different brands of music that claim to work with your brainwaves, with varying degree of satisfaction.  The Creativity Boost Deepener is definitely doing something; not sure what, but I like it.I have never been very good at inner visualization; I can imagine that I see things in my mind, but really, its pretty black.  When I play this CD under headphones, I spontaneously see colors and images that are much more vivid then usual.  My inner images are also in 3D during that time, another anomaly.The second track in particular is rather entrancing; odd, subtle and hauntingly beautiful. I don't seem to grow tired of it, and in fact look forward to listening. One of my favorite selections out of all the neuro-enhancing CD's I have tried.
Harp music is so relaxing.  Georgia Kelly is  one of my favorite harpists and this is a nice sampling (albeit small) of her work.
Wish I'd found this album in 2008 when it was first released, then I would have had 4 more years to enjoy it.  It is hard to believe how much lyrical music you can get from these bells.  There is something so enchanting and magical in their tones.  The artist reported that he created the music for his own listening library originally, then expanded upon it and recorded it, because so many of his friends loved it.  He also described it as  evoking the feeling of being in a serene and sacred Temple.  I agree.
I recently bought an MP3 player due to new neighbors above me that are a bit loud for my tastes.  I have downloaded mostly ocean wave tracks to aid in sleep but decided to also try some of the bells and bowls tracks just for some pre-sleep relaxation to thwart the tense feelings I have because of said neighbors.Out of the 3 or 4 I have since downloaded with bells and bowls, this is the best.  Not too tinny, not too monotonous and no sharp tones.I could see this for a variety of relaxation settings including massage sessions, for writers or other creatives who need to feel centered or perhaps before a presentation.  Some might be able to use it for sleep, though it would not work for me, personally.Thus far, this is the best of the bells and bowls, IMO.
I downloaded this and have played it constantly at work as background music. It's soothing, not distracting, and my goodness, the price can't be beat. I also like to play this when drifting off to sleep or working around the house.
A beautiful musical journey deeply into essence.  The use of drum rhythms, music and chants becomes a means of transportation.  This music is wonderful for meditation.  I wasn't sure about the bird song and the water sounds at first, which tend to remind me of new age meditation recordings- but their presence is an effective way to guide you into and release you from the musical journey that they frame.
This is a beautiful album. Makes a perfect companion for watching the rain or enjoying quiet moments, unwinding. Very recommended.
Stressed out?  This will calm you down.  Need to relax?  Can't sleep?  Insomnia?  Anxiety?  No problem.  Schizoaffective? Bipolar? Depressed?  Download this MP3.  Mary Blair Dodds  email blair@MoonValleyJewelry.com  "Schizoaffective: A Happier and Healthier Life" by Mary Blair Dodds.
Great Healing Meditation, specially the loving kindness track. The author has very loving warm voice.
I bought this after reading Proof of Heaven.  It really does take me to the realm of total relaxation and calm.  I would not use it to go to sleep.
"A Mind Like an Ocean" is Frederic Delarue's sixth album, and is quite possibly his best work to date. I've been a big fan of Delarue's music since he debuted with "Voyage of the Soul" in 2002, so each new album has been a treat. Wanting to reach a broader audience with his music, this album is perhaps a bit more accessible from beginning to end than the others, but maintains Delarue's warmth, sincerity, and positive outlook. Delarue is planning to put his music to light shows and other visual media, and it's easy to imagine this being extraordinarily effective. A spiritualist and a healer, Delarue's music is powerful yet very soothing and calming, inviting the listener to close his or her eyes and be enveloped by the sound.There is an interesting story about the creation of this album. Delarue's composing is usually directed by his Angels, and although he knew what this album was supposed to be about, he wasn't getting anywhere with the music. Painter Eva M. Sakmar-Sullivan contacted Delarue to purchase some of his CDs, and Delarue then visited her website (stardolphin.com) to see her artwork. He was blown away by the similarity of their approaches to creation and asked if she would design the cover for "A Mind Like An Ocean." She agreed, but the music still wasn't forthcoming. Delarue asked if he could purchase the original artwork, and when it arrived, he felt he could step into the painting.  Almost immediately, the music started to flow, and with the painting placed in front of him at his keyboards, the music was created in three days.The title track begins the album. Blending a percussive rhythm and an ethereal melody, Delarue suggests vast openness and as well as majestic but gentle beauty. "The Journey Begins..." is more ambient and floating, like a peaceful musical dream. "Believe" picks up the tempo a bit, setting a simple but beautiful melody to a catchy rhythm. "In the Breath of Life" is a lovely guitar and piano piece that exudes warmth and contentment. "Intuition" feels a bit more urgent, but not uncomfortable. I love "Celebration," a lively dance with an infectious beat - joy set to music! I also really like "Prayer Dance," with its sense of mystery and of moving forward. This one reminds me a bit of Yanni in the instrumentation and spirit - a compelling piece! "A New Life" has a cinematic, quiet power that suggests that this journey is coming to an end, bringing with it a new beginning. The closing track, "Gratitude," includes the sounds of the ocean and dolphins. Peaceful and contented, it is a warm and serene closing.Frederic Delarue's music always carries a message of peace, but feels more musically substantial  than many of the artists in the genre. Give yourself a treat and check out "A Mind Like An Ocean"! Highly recommended!
I met Wayra in Huntsville Alabama at Limestone Flee Market. His collection of item caught my attention. He and I talked about his collection of item he had for sell. I was impressed with the fact that he was very fimiliar with his products and was actually playing the instrutments along with the sougs. Well, that day I bought two CDs, could not wait to enjoy them.I actually gave away one to a good friend of mine and he loved it. Wayra, I have been playing your CDs everyday since the first day I purchased them. I had one put on a cassette, but I play it so much it got caught up in the player and ripped apart. I got to order another, because I have a family reunion coming up June 14 thru 17 and was practicing a dance from one of the songs on 'Voices of the Wind'. I also bought 'Spirit Flute' both are outstanding CDs. My dad's Mother family is full Cherokee. She died of child birth when he was five year old and I will present this dance to him at our family reunion taking place in Pompono Beach, FL. He is gonna be surprized. May God bless you to keep making wonderful music my brother and friend.
Well, let mine be the second...this is a terribly underrated CD.I am a massage therapist and have played this CD in my sessions for years.I love it and my clients do as well.It is soothing and peaceful inducing beautiful visions as the haunting notes float through the air.It helps to create a relaxing atmosphere for both me and my clients.
Actually, hold that thought. Victor's voice may take some getting used to for some, but if you've read his book or don't mind his accent then you'll be just fine. Also, try to get the new release instead of this one, much much better audio.This is by far one of the most effective guided meditation programs I've ever come across, and it works with or without the book (in case you're wondering). No new age stuff, no running water sounds here, no chanting, no hypnosis, no delta waves, just an effective and mindful way to manage stress and life's unexpected moments (big or small).The "give a man a fish... teach a man to fish..." proverb rings true here, this is not just a CD to run to at the end of a long and trying day (although you can do that too if you like), instead you come away with lifelong skills to deal with worry/stress/fear/etc RIGHT THEN AND THERE, as it's happening. Give it a try, put it on your iPod right now, you will be glad you did.
I had the 8 Minute Meditation book and when I realized they had the guided meditation CD I downloaded it from Amazon. I used the 8 guided meditations for the 8 weeks. They match the book well and definitely helped me with meditation.
I've just gotten this album and I love it.  If you love musical instruments from the Far East, allow the haunting melodies from Chakra Meditations to take you back to your past lives in Tibet and China.  Each cut transports me to a magical place of peace.  Enjoy
I've been a fan of finger style guitar and Al Petteway for a number of years.  I recently added this CD to my collection and it's another winner.
In short, this CD is Al Petteway playing some incredible guitars. Obviously this CD was created to sell guitars. $10,000+ guitars! Hope they sell a few.The acoustic recording and the playing are top shelf, if you like celtic/fingerstyle guitar music, this is a must have!BONUS! On Al Petteway's web site, the music and tabs for this album are available, they are also top notch.
This album has a brightness and freshness to it that will make you hear some old favorites as though for the first time.  It's a treasure!
All the songs are very smooth and relaxing.  No sudden loud noises which makes it perfect for my massage business.  People are always suprised to hear Metallica in a spa setting!
I've loved Dennis Doyle's work for decades.  He has such a bright style of playing that he makes every piece magical.  This is a particularly wonderful collection.  My favorite is Down By the Beach.  It's the kind of music that takes you back to days long gone.
Thad Fiscella is a pleasant new discovery for me! The fallout or end of the golden age for the New Age genre was of course due to lessening sales/support from producers, but the primary reason I think this happened was due to so much trite/poorly written and performed/poorly recorded music being churned out. These are still simple, minature pieces but beautiful and spiritual little musical poems well performed. If you enjoyed the pioneers and best of the genre I think you will enjoy Thad's music.
This piano music is very beautiful and easy to work by. If you ever want to write or just relax and reflect on things, this album is a pleasant medium.
I use this whenever I have any difficulty falling asleep and I sleep deeply and a full 8 hours afterwards.  I have also found that I need it less now.  I have trouble sleeping on planes and used it on an eight hour flight and got the sleep I needed!  Nice voice, I like the background sound choices.
Robin Carnes demonstrates, again,that she has a talent for helping people reach a calm, relaxed and healing state of mind with her voice and clear direction. (See my review of her first CD/Mp3, Yoga Nidra.)This title uses healing sounds to enhance the body's natural ability to heal itself.  AND IT WORKS!!!  I have used this to help with headaches, digestive problems and just to enhance the health of my body.  You don't need any previous experience with Yoga Nidra to benefit from or follow the instructions.  I know, however, that once you use this guided meditation you will be curious and search for more resources.I have found Yoga Nidra, generally, and this meditation with healing sounds, in particular to be a great help in enhancing my health, vitality and sense of connectedness with the world.
This series artfully blends soothing ambient music with nature sounds to create the ultimate relaxation experience.This album is very calming and restorative, perfect for de-stressing at the end of the day or as part of a weekend healing ritual.  The ocean waves are true recordings and the music is well balanced throughout.
Includes the soft peaceful sounds of constantly moving water, various birds (mostly peaceful chirping, a hooting owl, soft caws of crows, coo coo clock like sound and an occasional one that's calling a little louder like an eagle or hawk) as well as an occassional cricket/grasshopper. The cricket/grasshopper sounds are a little "loud" in your ear when used with earbud headphones, but if played on speakers I think it would be peaceful enough to sleep with. There's even a softly barking dog a couple of times too... just before the 2 minute mark starts at around 1:53 for a few seconds... then again for a second at 11:12.I use this as well as the other tracks I've purchased to have a variety of "white noise" for when I'm trying to concentrate (read, write) or relax and my surroundings aren't quiet enough, works great for that. I have this loaded in the "Music" directory of my Kindle so I can read while listening to this in noisy environments.It's full hour long with no music only nature sounds, well worth the $.89 price!
TOTALLY AWESOME !!!An entire hour of waterfall against a backdrop of jungle bird sounds...Relaxing Indeed !!!Love it !!!
Doesn't sound like much of a waterfall, more like a stream flowing down over some boulders, but still sounds nice. Lots of animal life in the background add to the experience.
Kensho is translated as seeing one's nature or true self. Audio Kensho - hearing one's nature or true self through sound vibrations. The power that you might build up through zazen is smashed by the sounds of the outside world. Hear the inside sounds of inner stillness mixed with chaos for flavor. Our self-nature externalizes and throbs into life. Is the sound me, or am I the sound? The sound and I are one; the sound and I go "Gong!"  Our buddha-nature reveals itself clearly in our daily work. That is because buddha-nature is act, activity, dance, and song.1.Kensho - seeing one's nature  - or true self2.Mushin - Mind not fixed or occupied by thought or emotion is open to everything3.Gnosis - Know This (Greek) direct experiential knowledge of the divine - knowledge as in revelation or intuitive4. Shoshin - beginner's mind. It refers to having an attitude of openness, eagerness, and lack of preconceptions when studying a subject, even when studying at an advanced level, just as a beginner in that subject would.5.Samadhi - Aquire integration or wholeness, truth - state induced by complete meditation6.Mushi Dokugo - awakening alone, without a master7.Koan - question containing aspects that are inaccessible to rational understanding, yet may be accessible to intuition. (Sound of one hand clapping)8.Satori  - Understanding (Kensho)9.Bodhi - awakening - all minds, all cultures, all music waking up to Oneness.10.Sunyata - Void - impermanent nature of form means that nothing possesses essential, enduring identity this insight leads to wisdom and inner peace.11. Zazen - seated meditation - the eyes being neither fully open nor shut so that the practitioner is not distracted by outside objects but at the same time is kept awake.12. Mu - in answer that the question is wrong. (No thing, start over - you can't get there  from here you have to go home and start over again)Audio Kensho - Sounds Experience of EnlightenmentTrans Am (Trance Ambient Experience)
WE ALL LOVE THIS C.D., FROM FAMILY TO FRIENDS.  EACH TIME I PLAY IT I GET WONDERFUL COMMENTS.  IT IS THE PERFECT BACKGROUND TO YOUR CHRISTMAS "MOMENTS" FROM BAKING TO DINING, TO ENTERTAINING TO WRAPPING GIFTS!  ~ HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
Perfect Christmas Jazz album!  As the other reviewer said, a good mix of upbeat and slower tunes.  They all flow very well with each other.
Well done, jazzy pieces but nothing over the top. Upbeat and uplifting. You can't help but start moving to the music!  We really enjoyed it and highly recommend it.
First of all, I absolutely love Christmas music.  It's one of the things that I look forward to when the holidays roll around.  It's also a time when I go searching for new music to listen to.I came across this jazz CD when I was browsing through the Jazz MP3 section.  It's fantastic!!  I absolutely love it.  There are some upbeat songs and some really mellow songs.  It's exactly what I had hoped a Christmas jazz CD would sound like.I was going to rate a couple of the artists, but there's really no need.  The songs flow very well unto each other.I would definitely recommend this to all you Christmas song loving people out there.  Even if you just need some background music for your holiday parties, this is the perfect fit.
I really like this album since it features three unique artists that transition very well.  great for listening as a background for the holidays.  recommend it.
I love how they mixed popular Christmas songs into a smooth, relaxing jazz CD.  I played it during a company Christmas party and they liked it.
Just say &#34;wow!&#34; for this great mix of jazz music and christmas favorites.  It takes all the best of christmas and gives it an oomph!  A definite good buy.  I highly recommend it.
Everyone comments on this album - they love it!  It's great background music for a party or anytime during my favorite season.  Very relazing, yet joyful.  You'll love it.
we were recently on vacation in the Maldives when the room had a small stereo which they had spa music playing.  after a week of this we decided that we like this type of music when we are relaxing.  This album has a lot of music on it and it will immediately grow your collection.  It is great background music
I listened to this album throughout my pregnancy and played it for my son (headphones on tummy).  Whenever he gets too worked up I play it for him and he relaxes right away.
I've known this work long before it was available from Amazon, back when it was just a cassette tape passed among friends and acquaintances. Now, at last I find it available for the general public.This beautiful work represents a compilation of the inspired (or "received") writings of Christian Mystic John Suter. The beautiful compassion and love that flows from these gorgeous words simply cannot be described.My favorite piece in the entire work is "Blessed Are the Merciful" this beautiful passage discusses the ways in which when we show mercy we receive mercy. Written long before the fads of "The Secret" and other such works, Suter's message comes to us directly from the realm of the Universe. Asking us to express mercy even to those whom we may feel do not deserve mercy, the writing shows us how sometimes we are the living embodiment of God's mercy and wisdom when we act against our human tendency to say "It's their own fault." or "They deserve what they get." I've often listened to the words on this a wept.Michael Emmanuel who compiled the pieces and studied with Suter has a beautiful and calming voice. It is at once intimate and full of love, as though hearing from a beloved older brother or father. His tone is relaxing and seems to make you immediately release your tensions and open yourself to the words.His original piano accompaniment is soothing and surpasses the usual "new age" sound accompanying most recordings like this to bring the gentle music in tune with the words while delivering a complexity more akin to classical composers than "new age piano".An amazing work and one that no person who believes in love and enlightenment should miss.
I love all of the songs in this collections. For the price this collection of tunes can not be beat.
I love this CD and I love this artist,  Her collaborative work and her solo work are allexcellent  I had a few of her songs on compilation CDs, and have now begun orderingher CDs, they are all great!
I had the luck of seeing this duo play @ a recent Arts Fair in Palo Alto. It was an unforgettable experience. She plays the harp and he plays a rare Nordic instrument that has a very characteristic Celtic sound to it. Together, they bring to mind the sound ofLoreena McKennitt. Highly recommendable if you are at all into Celtic New Age.
Two WOrlds One is a recent collaboration between the top charting New Age Celtic Harpist in the US - Lisa Lynne - and nyckleharpist and Celtic Harpist and violinist and guitarist and and and all around fantastic musician Aryeh Frankfurter. Their work each stands alone but together they make the most beautiful music! I work for a Domestic VIolence & Sexual Assault agency in No CA and play this for my clients whenever possible - they are always soothed by it in the midst of their trauma - can you imagine what it will do for you? I play it to ease the stress of my work on my commute and just to listen to good music performed so well. They played the "Cirle of Joy" my favorite track - fun , enlivening, inspiring, at a recent concert with Barbara Higbie accompanying them and it was fantastic! WHat a show! If you cant see them in person get this album to hear the intricacies of the many instruments they play together so beautifully. ALso see their new Two WOrlds One album with vocalist Molly Pasutti - she will bring tears to your eyes with her magical ethereal voice. If not on AMazon google Two WOrlds One and you will find it. This album here is straight instrumentals tho and is at least as good, best in the genre. WHat a team!
So far, the best album of Lisa Lynne. Besides, I came to discover this ineffable multi-instrumentalist named Aryeh Frankfurter (browse in YouTube)... the harmonies created by celtic harp and swedish nykelharpa are simply perfect.
I bought this CD based on the snippets heard via Amazon and I was not disappointed. Very easy listening and such an interesting blend of instruments - glad I bought the CD.
Despite being a long time meditator  and doing yoga, I am amazed at the intense state of relaxation and peace that comes from Robin Carnes' Yoga Nidra.  Her version is clean and simple.  There is no music/sounds to distract.  Her timing of suggestions is good.  There is a short (24 minutes) and a longer (44 minutes) version.  The longer one is not a repeat of the first. It is unique.  I use them regularly.  Lastly for $.99 or $2.99, it's hard to go wrong.
For wife and she loves it. She listens to it to relax and even to help her go to sleep
Robin Carnes has done an excellent job of making Yoga Nidra a welcome addition to my daily meditation routine.  Her direction and calm voice make for a deeply meditative experience.  Instructions are clear, concise and understandable.  Her demeanor and description assure the user that "you cannot do this wrong."  Relaxing, refreshing with an enhanced awareness of self and the world around me are all great outcomes from listening to this guided meditation.Even with 1 use I noticed the effects.  My wife, who is classically suspicious of this type of material, also has reported benefits from just one use.  She has since made it part of her regular stress management regimen.
Excellent! Love Robin's voice and guidance into peace. Don't hesitate to get this yoga nidra even if you have others.
Wonderful! I listen to this every night before bed and it relaxes my mind strait away. I love it very much!
Robin Carnes's voice is very soothing and the whole experience is relaxing and refreshing. Both sessions of Yoga Nidra start out with rotation of consciousness through the body, then each continue on, building awareness through breath, guided imagery and other deep relaxation methods. I highly recommend this CD. If you want to read more about how I have used this CD visit [...].
For practicioners of nidra meditation methods this is a positive product. Nidra is a voice guided meditation and good for beginners that have not experienced meditative states and probably one of the most practical forms of meditation to use. Robin Carnes voice is a firm but gentle guide through the process. I downloaded the product on my Kindle and now take it with me everywhere. It's a good way to keep your meditation practice regular since you can do it at bedtime, and generally speaking nidra is a meditation intended to be practiced lying down. Includes a practical overview and two forms, one 25 minutes long and one 42 minutes long. Great product, excellent price. Learning meditation is a gift that is for all practical purposes -- nearly free --- but a priceless tool to use for good health.
From the very first time I heard this music on a radio I was fascinated and transformed to say the least...I decided that I have to find out what this music is, because it felt like it is the Music of the Spheres...First time I found it here on Amazon and later I was blessed to meet the Composer, Renaud Schmitt,  who created this magnificent Music, who is indeed a beautiful Man with a Great Soul.When I begin to listen to this music, ( my favorites are "ATLANTIS" and "SPIRIT OF NIGHT" ).... I can not stop, it feels like it is the Elixir of Life itself, flowing from  the air.I am sure, that this music is very healing and by transforming the brain waves has real healing and rejuvenating effect on the cells in the body, and of course it also heals the emotional body and Soul itself.I could say a lot about this Magnificent Music, being definitely not of this Earth.... but nothing that I say will even come close to what You will experience when listening to it.Dear Renaud, Thank You for this Heavenly Gift!With Beautiful Blessings,Elena Soldatkina
Matt was my first flute teacher, a great man and friend. For the past two years this album has remained one of my favourites, a beautiful compilation of Matt's intuitive essance revealed through the flute. Comparable to the likes of Carlos Nakai and Mary Youngblood, Matt has compiled an album that I continue to rave about.
This is a very good interpretation of Sri Chinmoy's music. Some tracks are very soulful like Dukko Amar, and Tomara Charane and are on one of my ipod playlists for meditation.  The standard of musicians is very good, a CD definitely worth having. Very peaceful.
Excellent cd. The music is perfect to relax.Perfect choose of music.the music is very easy listen so you will never get borring.
I would definitely recommend this meditation. Great meditation. Peaceful sounding and really helps you to connect. It is about 20 minutes and is perfect for those looking to connect.
I have never did a meditation like this before and was very skeptical! I tried to keep an open mind throughout the meditation and ended up seeing the Angel, Raphael. I ended up finding out through research that he appears to those he is in need of deep healing or to those that are trying to help heal someone... something I never knew. By the way, I am currently in a Holistic practioner program and having been using all that knowledge to help my husband recover from a double spinal fusion. Very real and can't wait to play this again to hear what else my angel has to say.
This guided meditation really works.  I met my angel  with the first try.  I use it every day to become closer to my angel.  The music is very relaxing.
The guided meditation session was quite surprising. It was not at all what I expected. I was not ready for the experience but it was quite nice. I am glad that I bought the album and I am looking for more greater experiences than the one I had. Strong buy if you have an open mind.
An expansive, deep meditation sound track. Find yourself in the cosmic, sonic exploration. Over an hour long journey into stillness, relaxation, and awareness. Follow your intuition and be here now.
Excellent for studying, relaxing, or even going to sleep.  A wonderful mixture of sounds from nature.  Enjoy!
Another great album with Paul Zimmer's Native American style flute playing.  He really knows how to make his flute sing.  If anyone loves Native Flute playing music this is a must buy.
I think all the work I have heard from Simonette has been very good, however, this one is my least favorite. I would look into some of the other titles before this one. However, that is not to down play the quality of this one.
Excellent, this is very well done and so one of my favorites for having a healing coach at your reach.
If you are looking for a way to relax naturally without the help of medications or alcohol, this is it. Lisa takes you on a journey of the mind, sweeping you up high on a mountain top and then softly bringing you back home again. I've never felt so exhilarated yet calm all at the same time. I highly recommend this product, you won't be sorry.
What an amazing Guided Meditation CD.  Lisa Wagner is Phenomenal at calming the mind and spirit.  I would HIGHLY recommend this CD to anyone looking to calm and relax.  I hope Ms. Wagner releases another CD SOON!  I'll be first in line to purchase it!!!
This meditations cd is well done. I enjoy guided meditation so my mind can slow down fron the stress of the day. You can tell she knows what she is doing to relieve the stress of the listener. Very relaxing!
This album is also available for digital download at Amazon.  You can download the whole album, or individual meditations.
Epic Meditations, Guided Meditations by Lisa Wagner is a gem. It is a beautiful resource for calming the mind, deepening spiritual connection, uncovering layers of feelings and identifying healing actions. Listening to the different meditations I was struck by the access they gave me to my authentic self.Lisa's soothing voice and breathing techniques enabled me to open up and relax. Her meditations clearly guided me to finding and claiming what is true for me. And her wise counsel offered new insights into viewing life and myself in a more holistic and peaceful way.  I love that I can return to these moving meditations anytime. They are a beautiful way to open yourself to your heart and soul.
I was able to download instantly, and was listening to the music within minutes. Great option, great price.I use this daily to wind down...great for de-stressing.
"The Crossing" is a collection of eleven of Shirley Cason's most-requested pieces from four of her previous albums. I have always liked Shirley's music a lot, and this compilation has taken her strongest pieces from the past nine years and exhibits the variety of colors in her music. Much of Cason's music was borne of personal crises and the loss of loved ones, so there is definitely a melancholy cast to many of these pieces, but they are never bleak or without hope.  Cason's music is instrumental with classical and pop influences, and most of it is lightly orchestrated on keyboards. Cason has placed the music on this CD in chronological order with three tracks each from "Forever In Bloom" (1999), "A Summer Dream" ( 2002), and "Winter Mornings" (2003), and two from her most-recent release, "From My Heart" (2008). If you are new to Shirley Cason's music, this is a great place to start! If you have her previous recordings, it's still really nice to have a "best of" collection with favorites all on one disc."The Crossing" begins with "Journey," the opening track from "Forever In Bloom," and a piece full of wistful longing. "Seabreeze" has an easy tropical rhythm and a graceful, carefree sway. I absolutely love "Last Walk" from "A Summer Dream."  On the dark, mysterious side, the emotional impact of this piece is incredible. I found myself coming back to it over and over. The rhythms and melody are simple, but they certainly communicate! "I Love You, I Do" is a heartbreaking goodbye to a terminally ill sister, and then "Summer Dream" tells of being with loved ones again in dreams, that in dreams we never die. There is a real warmth and sense of peace that is truly hopeful and healing. "Beauty Of the Earth" from "Winter Mornings" is a gorgeous guitar piece with light orchestration that shimmers with beauty and glows with a deep sense of contentment. "Winter Skies" is more ambient, and sparkles with the chill of winter light dancing on snow - so peaceful! "Icicle Melt" is also very ambient, suggesting the sound of vast open stillness and the percussive sound of ice melting - wonderfully haunting! "Inner Peace With Love" from "From My Heart" warms things back up again with a tender love song that is graceful and soothing. "Peace, For Moments in Life" is a heartfelt guitar piece that brings this collection to a charming, thoughtful close.If you enjoy peaceful synth and keyboard music that comes from the heart, "The Crossing" is a great choice!
Steve Roach has long been my favorite.  Recently I heard Stephen Philips on the "Drone Zone" over at [...] and was impressed at what I heard.If you are a fan of Roach I highly recommend Philips.On this CD there are no heavy beats - just ambient sounds that have a very nice and relaxing flow to them.  Perfect for reading, thinking or even as music to play for a toddler's afternoon nap (mine liked it).
San Martin's melodic compositions create an enveloping & original sound that is consistent throughout each track in this album. Through the spirit of true creative exploration, San Martin uses a broad electronic instrumental palette creating an orchestral "symphonic fantasy" genre. Beautifully arranged, "March of the Hobbit" (track #2) was originally written for the 2006 One Ring Celebration music video contest in Pasadena, CA. As one of the year's winners, it captured an entirely new audience of music lovers. San Martin's debut album proves to be a contemporary, yet timeless classic that can be listened to countless times and still be fresh to the ear.
In Journey to the High King, Rain captures the mystical qualities of a long ago distant land.  On her maiden voyage as an artist, she draws upon the spirit of those Archetypal races know as Elves, Dwarfs, Hobbits and Men of a more ancient past. For a moment, free yourselves from the technological present and journey along with Rain, to a more simple time, filled with a Magic that can help heal and refresh your spirit.
Journey to the High King is a refreshing collection of music. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who has kids, too. My kids ask for this before bedtime to help them fall asleep, and my son actually pretends he's characters in Medieval times and role plays with his princess sister as they listen to the music.  Very cool CD!
Journey to the High King's haunting melodies stirred my imagination. I found myself quickly transported to a place and time when elves, unicorns and dragons roamed the earth.  The music's rhythmic lines and undulating score wove it's spell, and inspired my own creativity.  This is just the music to listen to while involved in any artistic endeavor!
I had never heard of Neil Campbell and took a gamble.. what a pleasant surprise.  This is new age music with haunting vocals and tracks that all run together.  Not exactly spooky, but soft and melancholy, like a warm day in autumn with the leaves drifting down.Relaxing.
I have the latest Shimmering CD and I have to say that Robert Yourells voice is so hypnotic and soothing on this recording that it sends you into a deep relaxed state.  The amazing thing about this recording is that it gets to the root of the issue/problem.  The first few times you use this, you won't be able to help yourself from falling asleep as it is so relaxing.  When you start focusing it really does get to the heart of the issue and help you resolve it.  I love the Shimmering glow afterwards (this happens when you have resolved an issue) it's like walking on air, I love it.
Exceptionally beautiful combination of kora, flute and nature sounds.Mostly (with the exception of the intruding wolves), the nature soundstotally complement the instrumentals.
Chime is the latest release from the Ball of Waxx label, and it's a mellow collection of electronica, featuring some of my faves like Eastern Sun, John Kelley, Muffle, and Seed... and some new (to me)artists. My favorite tracks are "Fireflies" by Nalepa and "What Is" by Eastern Sun. A complex album of chill music... very cool and well planned compilation. A great addition to any music library.
My green cheek conure love these sounds.  They are perfect for leaving on for your bird when you leave for work.
This is the perfect companion to Patrick O'Hearn's recent high-watermark "So Flows The Current" CD, literally and figuratively. The songs here, as indicated, are from the sessions for the aforementioned "Current", and are so beautiful that I'm sure O'Hearn had one hell of a time deciding which ones to put on the original release. From the quiet majesty of the perfectly-named "With Dignity" to the rich Spanish guitar flourish of "Saragossa's Manuscript" to the electronic jazz-in-the-sky of "Milan To Alessio Top Down" (which even manages to wonderfully mutate a phrase from the "Midnight Cowboy" theme), O'Hearn again shows his versatility as a sound and mood sculptor without sacrificing identity. This gorgeous music probably is instantly identifiable as O'Hearn's, and could probably not have come from anyone else. I've always thought of "New Age" as a pretentious tag, but if this is the new age, I'm there. Kudos to Mr. O'Hearn for being one of the most evocative and consistent musical artists of the modern world. (And just so ya know, his newest, "Glaciation", is another must-have.)
I have meditated for years and with lots of different guided CDs. Mary Maddux is my hands-down favorite. What I love about her guidance on these sessions, in addition to her liquid-soft voice, is that she talks about allowing thoughts with kindness as opposed to banishing them or saying "don't" to them. There is no "should" in her meditations--and this allowing makes me feel very free and easy as I meditate.
One of my favorite meditation very calming easy to relax to the music is great. Highly recommend  for beginner and long time mediation..
Soy ortodoncista y al momento de escoger este producto tuve en mente m&uacute;sica suave, imperceptible, sin tantos agudos, que deje hablar a las personas en la zona, que no sea protagonista y pase desapercibida. este album reune todo lo anteriormente escrito. lo recomiendo si usted quiere un ambiente sin m&uacute;scia que protagonice el mismo ambiente.
If you love great soothing music and need to unwind from the day or have a relaxing evening with your special someone, this is the ticket.  It is a great album and you will love it.  Just imagine, low lighting, soft music, relaxing in a nice warm bath...and the music you have chosen is this album.  Again, don't worry about the stress of the day, just concentrate on the evening ahead or just a relaxing well deserved sleep. Get this and enjoy.  Bobby
If you are a fan of Solo piano. Try this CD out. Heck, I'd recommend grabbing all 4. They really are THAT good.
This music is absolutely beautiful.  I have it on my desktop so I can listen to it all the time.  I am definitely going to buy all of the other cds as soon as I can.
This was the first time I specifically went looking for a sound track to a video game (albeit a flash game). Very relaxing and interesting piano. Nice work, Isaac!
The song Leting Go is corrupt, it is 700k and even the sample on the web site doesn't play. Apparently Amazon has no quality control.ALBUM IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. Try to download it at iTunes or somewhere else that actually gives you a good copy of the album though.
Great cd, used it for homebirth. I recommend this cd and others by Isaac Shepard. Nothing negative to say about it! :)
Let's be honest: you're only here because you liked the soundtrack on Music Catch. Yeah, me too.Track 2, "Letting Go", works just fine for me. Whatever problems the previous reviewer had are apparently fixed now.Simply wonderful, melodic and relaxing piano music.
Every song on this CD is beautiful and very relaxing.  This is great for the car, work with headphones, yoga stretching or meditation, home, etc....it's just simply perfect! Some of the others have an occasional song that's more like your at a piano recital then just pure relaxing.  This particular cd is consistent all the way through with relaxing beautiful talented music.
The CD arrived in the mail quickly. Used it for my wedding reception's dinner music, sounded great. If you haven't checked out Shepard's other cd's, do so!
I LOVE Isaac Shepard!!!! I saw this by the front door and was jumping inside! It was sealed in it's wrapping and new!! Listened to it right away and still am!! ^_^
I had the opportunity to participate in a workshop taught by Pritpal Singh Khalsa and loved his voice and teaching. This album is a must have and I highly recommend it. I use it for meditation, my yoga practice and just to enjoy it at home or while driving. Beautiful melodies, beautiful music. highly inspirational.
Do you like classical acoustic guitar and/or the bansuri (Indian flute)? If so, this album will make a great addition to your collection.  And even if you don't consider yourself a fan of either instrument, you may become one after listening to this music.If you've already checked the audio samples above, and have found your way to the review section for further input - I can assure you that the samples give a wonderful preview of this amazing music.One of the best parts of this album, is its versatility.  This music can be enjoyed while working, driving, meditating, cleaning, running, during yoga practice, etc.Many thanks to Ofra Avni and Itzik Yona as well as Amazon.com for making this a very welcome addition to my archive - I'm looking forward to hearing more from this duo.
This is a quick and simple way to reduce tension, panic and anxiety.  It uses slow, timed breathing. You can choose to use different sound cues to let you know when to breathe in and when to breath out. It is always nice to have non-medication ways to reduce anxiety.I heard about this technique at a scientific meeting at the American Psychiatric Association annual meeting. It has been tested in a variety of settings. They found it helpful in individuals with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I was impressed, so I downloaded it and have recommended it to patients who are anxious or panicky. The technique is simple. You can load it onto your iPod or other mobile device. This download works well for adults and older adolescents. Younger children need to use a different breathing speed so this particular download may be less helpful for them.
If you give this technique some time the results are amazing.  You can use it as an aid to meditation or simply as a way to counteract the symptoms of stress, anxiety or PTSD.  To be honest you can skip the intro and just go to Two Bells, which I found more helpful than the clock and bell one.
This cd and the information presented on coherent breathing has greatly enhanced my life and hasbrought meditative benefits and quality to meditation that I have not been able to achieve priorto practicing the coherent breathing techniques.  I am forever grateful to Stephen Elliot and thequality research that inspired this work!
Puts me right to sleep I love it! I have this on my sleep playlist I put it on 1 min later out cold and it very nice sounding.
I think finding the right guided meditation is a lot like finding the right doctor; you have to shop around, you have to keep going if you're not comfortable with the first option. Diana Winston's meditations are perfect for me (I am new to meditating). She is very reassuring and always presents options (e.g.,if you are not comfortable focusing on the breath, try focusing on sounds in the room). I keep coming back to these meditations because they work so well for me, and I like Diana's voice as well. Highly recommended; I wish there were more of these!
I cannot hear this without being this. It is closest to the truth of what I've learned thus far. Here are the shamanic roots of Buddhism explained in song and chant directly through action. Listen, please. The deities, the spirits, the essence.. here.This is an indispensable resource for those who would be Bonpo (or perish in the effort, perhaps to get it right next time around). I've heard nothing to compare with this recording, except this recording to itself.
This was absolutely beautiful.  I was looking at the Tree song but you can only get the album so this was a perfect alternative.
Meditate by Gaiam is inspiring. I listen to a lot of meditation music but Meditate is perfect for me. Thank you.
I have a large collection of ambient music for my &#34;alone&#34; time and this is a MUST for anyone who is building a similar collection.
I was apprehensive about purchasing Plant Life at first.  I stumbled accross this album while I was looking for literal plant music (music made for, or in some clever way by, plants), and since I'd never heard of it before, there were no reviews, and I didn't think I'd ever even listened to any of the musical genres it was listed under, I was understandably not sure if I should buy the album.  Fortunately, I decided to listen to the samples of each song, and they showed me just enough to entice me into buying the album.  It was a decision I would not come to regret.Every track on Plant Life is downright amazing.  This is one of the most chill albums I have ever listened to, not just chill, but downright beautiful.  If you let it, plant life will take you to some of the most beautiful places you've ever been.Take my advice, do not pass up the opportunity to buy this album.
love jenna greene, i've bought all her albums, good liner notes. if you like pagan music this is highly recommended.
I saw Ms. Greene singing at a Celtic music festival and was deeply moved and impressed by her vocals, so I bought her CD at the festival.  I cannot recommend this CD enough for anyone who enjoys rich, deep vocals and a storytelling flair not often found in today's music.  The music weaves a rich tapestry and the vocals are superb.  This CD is a must have for fans of Loreena McKennitt, Enya, or other strong, rich female vocals with a Celtic or new-age flair (Though she has a wonderful jazz-inspired piece that I cannot help tapping my feet and singing along to.)
As Events Planner for The Edward King House in Newport, RI, I had the pleasure of hosting Concert Celtica with Jenna Greene as part of our Irish Heritage celebrations. Hearing her CD "Crossroads" was the basis for this decision and we weren't disappointed. Jenna weaves magic and enchantment with her original song stylings and evokes a time out of legend with her words and musical phrasings. She has a voice like an angel that works well with both traditonal Celtic tunes and her own original pieces. The musicians that accompany her are top notch.A mystical and enchanting experience! If you like the cd, see her in concert!
I love this CD. I had to drive 1 hr to Chemo every week for treatment for Hodgkins. Jenna's music would help lift me up and get me to were I needed to be. I hated that ride every week with the help of this CD and Jenna's music. I am now cancer free and very thankful to Jenna for this music. Rise up singin' this really lifted me. Thank You Jenna love ya always Cini
Such a fabulous CD!  It would appeal to so many people - magical folk, Celtic music fans, ambient listeners, and those who simply enjoy beautiful music.  The song "Crossroads" is evocative of what it truly is to make a choice and decide on a path.One of my favorite songs is "Herne".  There aren't enough pagan songs in celebration of the god, and this is a wonderful tribute to him.  "Believe" is absolutely beautiful, and will help you to get in touch with your inner fairy!  I get all misty listening to it.Highly recommended!
Mere words cannot express how magical and mystical Jenna's voice and lyrics are. Her music will appeal to everyone! I love this CD and have purchased several to give as gifts and I highly recommend you do the same! Take a journey with Jenna, your soul will thank you!
Jenna Greene's Crossroads album is a unique and inspiring collection of music that makes your day brighter.  I find myself singing 'Lady Moon' and 'Believe' often. Her songs stick with you and are a welcome change from the mundane pop music of today.  I look forward to hearing more from her, and hope more people discover this treasure of an album
Crossroads takes us on an exploration through Mind and Magic,Gods and Man, Laughter and Love.These beautifully crafted pieces, along with Jenna's enchanting vocalswill take you on a Celtic adventure into the past.Listen. . .and fly!
Jenna Greene is a great singer and has a beautiful voice. Her songs are wonderfully unique. I can feel this CD's magical Celtic spirit. Not only are the lyrics inspired but the music that accompanies them is superb. This CD has rhythm, beauty, a great harp, and a voice to dream about. Her style is very pretty, less rock and roll, but still current. I also was very happy to find she included the lyrics to her songs.
Jenna Greene's beautiful, sweet voice transports you into another realm - like taking a wonderful journey from this world to another place and time. So few artists these days can do that. Bravo!
I can't stop singing the songs from this CD!  Jenna Greene's voice has such a lovely, ethereal quality, and I find myself happy getting lost in her music.  Her songs transport the listener to a world of faeries and magical wonders, and her tribute to Herne is simply beautiful!  What's really nice about this music is that it's fun and playful, as well as mystical.  Crossroads is going to be my number one holiday present for friends and family this year!!!
I heard a song off her other album, Wild Earth Child, and thought I would give this one a try.  What a great album.  She obviously has a wonderful voice, but the variety of songs on this album is impressive.  Fun, spiritual, and very uplifting.
I had a terrific night of rest after listening to this cd!  It helped calm my mind and relax into an amazing place of perfect peace.  Thank you Barry!
I use this music most every night as I'm getting ready for bed and going to sleep. It has promoted sound sleep all night long. It's also very calming but since I use it for sleep I don't try to listen to it at other times.
The kind of music you could listen to for decades or all day long. Beautiful Peaceful Highly recommended/ Its rare to find music like this.
I am a Reiki Master and I have been listening to Barry's music for a while now, I'm glad to have found it on amazon. Heart is my favorite. So beautiful, steady and creates such an energy and light in your home, or wherever you play it. ultimate relaxation with a touch of happiness & love
I heard one of the tracks from this album and spent months tracking it down. The entire album is absolutely beautiful.
Our daughter had a hard time falling and staying asleep when she was about 3 months old.  Someone recommended we try turning on the hair dryer and it worked like a charm, but we didn't want to run the hair dryer all night.  I found this recording and we've been using it ever since.  There's no sound of it shutting off/on, so I set it on repeat and it plays all night.  I use it now when I take naps to drown out the noise of whatever else is happening in the house.
Salva Moreno is a composer from Valencia Spain, performing his note by note magic under the artist title Psicodreamics might not be as well known as an artist in the U.S. but many readers are aware that Salva Moreno has gained the wider recognition he deserves in the Continental Europe, U.K. and overseas markets, having 8 previous albums with increasing popularity and success. We are pleased to review the very latest 2009 album titled Fantasynth independently published under his own Witches on the Radiowaves label.Everyone will find Psicodreamics is past and presently New Age Electronica in nature, containing a mixture of genre defined as Ambient, Goth, and Classic styled in presentation, offering the listener a deep form of chill out and as the album title suggests, dream like in atmosphere and composition of all the many songs I sampled.Fantasynth is vibrant and creative as other works previously composed, and I did enjoy his latest release. Without a doubt this latest album and past works were thoughtfully produced and the song titled Spellbound was one favorite primarily because of a pleasant melody and synthesized undercurrents that reminded me of some unfamiliar locale or distant place yet to be discovered.Sleepy Sorrow offers enchanting chorals, bells, a steady cello and oboe harmony which seemed to battle and compete for the upper hand at times, only to kindly resolve as close allies at the songs ending. The La Rosa De Los Vientos track has a nice mid tempo there which included woodwind overtones with interest and movement ever present as with all tracks in the latest Salva Moreno intepretation of music, which again is captured with rhythm and style.The music of Salva Moreno as artist title Psicodreamics can best be likened to a good mystery novel that is full of interest and intrigue at every turned page for the reader. Music fans will find this description similar to the new Fantasynth album which is interesting and well managed throughout. I do like the depth, myth styled settings, and ever present change of atmosphere in the 13 songs contained on this newest album which incidentally would also provide an excellent music score for mystery or science fiction themed movies.  Explore the mystery behind the dream.
The shakuhachi sounds make my brain feel as if it is expanding and contracting inside my skull. The textures are almost felt rather than heard. This is great!
This is one of the absolute finest of the very many Shakuhachi CDs I own. The playing is masterful and the compositions are extraordinary. It doesn't get better than this. Virtuoso playing and at the same time maintaining a meditative energy.
Great CD to listen to before going to bed.  I just mellow out and drift off to sleep.  The vibe is awesome for bring on deep relaxation and tuning out the chatter.
This gong has a range of deep choral voices.  In the recording it is played in sequences that bids one focus on each sound sustained.  A procession of sound emerges out of silence like an ember flares and recedes into the dark.
This is a very nice recording.  I was looking for a calm flowing water type of a cd that did not sound fake or have any noises that bothered me.  THIS is the cd I was looking for! Listening to it makes me want to drink a large bottle of water!
I have been practicing chahra meditation for a number of years and have bought a few chakras cd. But I never could find one that did not have alot of meaningless sounds and music to the centers. This cd is right on with the binda mantras of each center. The tones music, and chimes are timed so you can chant along with the mantra on the cd it does not come up with some drum or flute or piano that makes you jump out of your skin when your in deep meditation.I when through all the MP3 chakras songs and found this the best better then John Goldmans cd you can hear the mantras much better then his.
Wonderful Meditation. I usually Travel Out of Body with A Full Blow Out of Body Experience each time I use this CD. I use it once weekly so I don`t get used to it.. This CD is Awsom!!!
So I would like to buy this. But no apparently I can't because I'm not based in the USA. Surely you can sort that Amazon???? How hard can it be? It's a download mp3. It's available on itunes - for 8 times the price. so it's not a licensing problem. So maybe just sort it.
I was searching for some new drumming music for myself and some others who asked me about drumming music for shamanic journeys. I purchased 2 inexpensive downloads based on the samples at Amazon. This download andJourneys:  Drumming for Shamanic Travel. This download offers 10, 20, and 30 minute journeys. Listen to the samples when selecting drumming for the shamanic journey as some may favor faster or slower beats, more instruments, different instruments, or simple drumming, we all have our own tastes and methods. Sometimes I use the didgeridoo. Once experienced the 20 minute track should be about right and the 10 minute for a short visit to the other world, but I do know some who need longer tracks. There are some attention getting sounds to start the journey and I liked the signal to travel out of ordinary reality as some drumming CDs don't really have a different sound to start the journey. The drum sounds has an interesting hollow sound, perhaps not for everyone, but I enjoyed it. The second 20 minute piece has rattles along with the drumming and I like the combo. I have several single and double drum journeying CDs and downloads and rattles alone so it was a welcome change to have some ratting and drumming for the journey. Overall I liked this download as it offered the options of different journey lengths and you can't beat the inexpensive price. I have been using this download now for sometime and it has become one of my reliable favorites. Recommended.2013 Update: I have collected a few other more traditional and new agey journey tracks and I still find myself using these tracks. I like the drum used to create these MP3s and the different journey lengths are still a plus. I also have come to love the didgeridoo and I sometimes find myself journeying on the sounds of crystal or tibetan bowls. To be honest I don't need the drum or any other instrument to journey anymore, I just like it.
This is an amazing deal, a unique and inspired audio album at an incredible price! I just love it and would highly recommend it to everyone. It is very well made, but not artificial so that it makes it sound empty. It is full of life! Compared to other cds that I have bought this is very complete, full of different options. Overall a great deal! FIVE STARS*****
When I downloaded and played these mp3 files, I thought they were okay. I am used to more repetitive and faster drumming.I did like the introductory call and the call back at the end. I thought them to be very creative. They set the stage very well. The intros did a good job of conjuring an experience of being in the dark, in a natural setting aware from cities and modern man, and in an eerie middle world of altered consciousness rich with potential.I thought of the sound as a sinuous rope with tassels at each end, the rope being the main drumming and the tassels the flourishes at the beginning and the end. It turns out that this is actual drumming, with no edited in loops to make the piece artificially monotonous. You can get electronically generated music for that. And, it turns out that actual, human-made drumming is a good thing.At first listen I thought the recordings were one channel mono. I was thinking of importing them into a sound editor and making them at least two tracks of the same info, just to hear in both ears. I'm glad I didn't.I listened to the recordings once when I was in a much deeper state of relaxation. I noticed that it was indeed in stereo, one side softer than the other, and combined they sounded as if they were on one side. But, there were subtleties in the stereo mix and it seemed the two played off each other.When I listened again when I was in a deeply relaxed the drumming really carried me away. Then the drumming sounded as if it it was deep inside, not at a distance as the first time I listened. What I thought was a liability, the slight changes in drumming rhythm, turned out to be endlessly fascinating. I heard a series of rhythms of different frequencies running throughout the drumming thread. Remember biorhythms? It was like that. The main rhythm was fundamentally a duality, but there were subtle undertones. My body enjoyed it and was eager to play along in rhythm. The play of consciousness was quite remarkable.I've come to believe that drumming is a unique and direct way to alter consciousness, quite different from breathing exercises or mantras. It's much more direct if experienced in the proper frame of mind.These mp3s are three different experiences. The 20 minute and 30 minutes ones are similar, but the 10 minute one stands apart. I like them all; each has something different to offer.Each time I listen to them, I find more in them. This album is a winner. I recommend getting all three so you can have the right length when you need it.
The sounds on this track are so earthy and beautiful.I'm so glad that I got this and I will get more/
Takes my clients right into journeying! Perfect! I'm now trying it for theta work and multidimensional journeying so we'll see if it has the same effect of rapid transformation!
This is an amazing relaxation sequence with great instructing and prop suggestions. I also really love the music. Plus, I like that you can skip tracks if there are poses you don't want to do, or if you are short on time.
Pure.  Simple.  No distractions.  Just Om.  I simply love the minimalist approach this download provides.  I highly recommend it! :)
The album is perfectly titled, as this music is really about the journey toward the destination.I purchased this after hearing a track on radio, thinking it would be good for meditative practice, which is it.  For me, resonant sound is a great assist to both breathing and releasing.  This is one of the best collection of tracks for either a short or prolonged session.But this is also excellent music for just daily background sound.  It's not overly intrusive, but you'll find that it does have a subliminal relaxing effect.A great find!
As a fan of synthesizer music, I'm a long-time fan of Gary Wright's music. From the get-go, he always seemed to be pushing boundaries and this new instrumental collection is no exception.In my own spiritual quest I meditate several times a week and though I don't always use music to do so, I was stoked to discover this new release. I (and my inner eye) find it very soothing; especially the title track and 'Stones, Stars and Sages'.'Silent Choirs of Snowflakes' is also very enlightening. Through repeated successive listens in a relaxed state, it has helped to unlock certain doors in my mind. I do believe I am close to catching the light! Thanks Gary!
This album is so amazing it brought me to tears.  I am hoping to be able to play this beautifully.  A must have for all autoharp players and those who are moved by heartfelt music
This music is unbelievably catchy, yet demands attention at the same time, if that makes any sense... It's difficult to describe in terms of genre, but the progressive rock is there for sure, with each track offering something else that sets it apart from the rest of the CD. There's symphonic elements, new age grooves, electronica influences, folk melodies, spiritual harmonies, hard rock parts, even pop lyrics. Even though each track is unique, the album flows together seamlessly, better than many concept albums do. This one requires uninterrupted listening from start to finish.The instrumentals are very well-done, offering enough variety to keep one interested throughout the duration of the album. They aren't your typical prog songs either- there are lots of symphony arrangements as well as electronic sound effects. Even so, they do not clash with the fine guitars, they both amazingly compliment each other. On top of that, both the male and female singers are simply stunning. Their beautiful voices compliment the overall relaxing tone of the album (by rock standards) and the rest of the instrumental parts.For me, the album fulfilled my musical desires. I love music that sparks my imagination and takes me to another world, but I also love the energy of rock, and this album does just that. In particular, whenever I hear "Storyteller", which is one of my favorites, I can picture an explorer looking over an alien landscape full of life, but with a sinister undertone or dark presence, always lurking, always reminding the explorer that he/she is alone. Or "Mountains Start to Fall", which goes a bit more literally, I see a rain, snow and ice on a mountain melting together into the rivers that give the world life. Then, when the heavy symphonic parts come in, an avalanche occurs, taking life away. Every time I hear these songs, I think of something like that, but it's different every time, which is why this album is so amazing. All of these songs are perfect for creative minds who need inspiration, and I would recommend it to anyone who fits that description.The only downside to this album is the over-use of reprises, but it makes up for that by being over 90 minutes long! It is definitely worth buying- you will not regret it. I can't wait for them to make another album.
I'm suprised that anyone has yet to write a review of this terrific album.Frankly, I'm not one to write music reviews. While I have come to rely heavily on reviews in this digital music age, I don't consider myself so seasoned a listener that I can justify a great album or band by putting pen to paper. Or fingers to keys as it were.However, this album by the band IOEARTH has inspired me to do just that. This is a fantastic album. With each listen the journey changes. With 20 tracks clocking in at about 90 minutes, it really IS a journey.My tastes are bands like Genesis , Yes, Porcupine Tree, Spocks Beard, The Flower Kings, Kaipa, ACT, Neal Morse, Aryeon and Pure Reason Revolution to name a few. I'm a sucker for good classic melodic prog rock. IOEARTH fits right in.I hope to see more from this unsigned band out of Birmingham.
This is probably my favorite among all the Ambiology albums.  Five and Six come in a close second.  Barry's music is so grounding and relaxing and gives me so much peace inside.  Perfect for just relaxing and "being" or as meditation music.
For those of you like me who need music and/or noise to sleep by, this is a good option. The music is soothing, pretty, and calm. It's basically easy listening piano music mixed with nature sounds and then a piano tunes sans the nature noise. The price isn't bad and it is nice music. I say give it a try!
I often listen to white noise or quiet music as I fall asleep.  It relaxes me and helps calm my thoughts, making it easier to drift off to dreamland.  Ocean Waves is the best among my collection of ocean sound recordings.  It actually sounds like Pacific surf, not small waves lapping on a lake shore.  The excellent use of stereo gives this recording pleasing depth and a sense of dimension like one might experience sitting on a deserted beach listening to gently crashing waves.  It's an easy and painless way to meditate.  This particular recording is also excellent for de-stressing after a particularly onerous day at work.  It's certainly cheaper than psychotherapy!  Anyway, if you enjoy natural rhythmic soundscapes as a relaxation aid,  I highly recommend Ocean Waves.  It's the best beach around without the crowds, sand, and sunburn.
This is another Meditation created by Denise.  I listen to this every day to start my day.  The background music and Denise's soothing voice make it a must have.I highly recommend to those who are seeking a new meditation or an additional one.
This album is absolutely amazing! I listen to it while doing homework or when I need to relax. Every single song on this album is worth 5 stars, a must buy!
I've listened to this CD just about everywhere and in every mood I've been in.  It's great for driving down the interstate while speeding, relaxing on the weekend and purifying yourself, or softly being played in the background while you have company over.  All around good CD for working out to whatever else you might be doing.  Very diverse, but not like the typical music you hear in yoga clubs.  It's much better.
I received the download without any problems. The price was reasonable and I enjoy listening to it. Spiritually very uplifting
This meditation did not annoy me as some do.  It was easy to follow and nice to listen to.  Love it!
After listening to this cd over and over, I never get tired of Ken's voice.  I have had stress and anxiety and had difficulty falling asleep for years.  For the last 2 years I listen to the CD before bed and sometimes early in the morning when I awaken too early to rise.  I feel such a relief of the tension and stress that I feel all day.  Without a doubt this has been part of my daily routine and like a comfortable chair I look forward to listening to it.  It has become a ritual for me and I would highly recommend it.  This time of day has become my time to relax and focus on me and the positiveness in my life.  The exercises are simple to follow and the more you listen the better it gets!!! So take yourself on a journey of relaxation and trust me you will not regret it.
I typically do not write reviews of products or services on the web, but I couldn't resist not to spread the word that help is here.If you have difficulty calming your mind, this is the tape you need.If you have difficulty slowing down your racing thoughts, this is the tape you need.If you have difficulty struggling to calm yourself with every day tasks, this is the tape you need.Buy it and you'll thank yourself.
STRESS FREE is absolutely amazing!  After a long period of unemployment, I recently started a very stressful job.  I would have been TOTALLY stressed if it were not for the CD.  My new co-workers all marvel at how calm I am.  I've always been known as the "high strung type," so I've been stunned by their comments.  I attribute it all to this CD and to the hypnosis sessions from the same company, Quiet Mind Solutions.  By taking a little bit of time every day, I relax.  Really relax, not just decompress a little.  One of the side benefits of doing these exercises is that my relationships seem better, because I'm calmer and not projecting my frustration and irritation on to others.  My favorite exercise is A WALK IN THE FOREST; but, all of the exercises are enjoyable.  I would definitely recommend this CD.  It's a great way to help anyone deal with a hectic, stressful life.
I work in a high stress job and often have a difficult time unwinding after work and falling to sleep because I can't shut off my mind. The exercises on Stress Free help me stop the chatter and runaway thoughts so I can relax, renew, and get a good night's sleep.After just a few minutes of listening to the music and Mr. Goodman's narration, I can feel myself decompressing, letting go of the hassles of the day and settling into a calm, quiet state of mind.Mr. Goodman calls his exercises "mini vacations from stress" and that's exactly what they are. Whenever I start to feel stressed out or anxious, I just listen to one of the exercises and I am immediately transported to a place of peace and tranquility. It's like being on an island of calm in a raging sea. When I'm through listening I'm refreshed and ready to go again.I found Mr. Goodman's explanations of how and why these relaxation exercises work to be both informative and helpful. I now have a better understanding of what stress is and how to overcome it. It's one of the things that make this CD unique.I highly recommend this CD to anyone who is dealing with stress or just wants to live a more relaxed life.
I love Ken Goodman's Stress Free CD!  I plan to offer the CD to my private practice clients and utilize it in the classroom with graduate level social work students.  It is the perfect vehicle for teaching future mental health professionals to empower clients to calm, soothe and relax themselves.  The relaxation exercises are easy to follow and the moderators are calming and soothing.  In particular, I love the tips Ken provides at the beginning of the CD and before each exercise.  His feedback helps to reduce anxiety and is essential in preparing people for an optimal relaxation experience.
This is one of the best guided meditation that I have ever tried. The voice is amazing, very relaxing and looks like is coming from a different world. It is very easy to visualize. I loved it.
This is a guided-imagery meditation. Very nice voice. Pleasant imagery. Felt relaxed after. One of the better (inexpensive) ones you can download.
I use this meditation more than I thought I would.  I deal with a lot of anxiety and when I listen to this meditation on a regular basis I am so much happier and feel more free of the weight that stress brings.  I have already recommended it to 3 of my close friends and will continue to recommend it.
The reason I enjoy this meditation is because it is very different from the ones I normally do.  It is very cerebral.  At first I thought the voice would be annoying, but it turned out to be very relaxing and aided in my ability to let go. I like having a variety of mediations and guided visualizations and this is one of my favorites.
This is a wonderful guided meditation, I love it! It helps to relax and let go of past issues. I like the grounding effect and he voice is very soothing.
In a perfect world everyone would own a copy of Pam Trosino's CD of guided mediations In the Light Angelic Invocations and would utilize this beautiful guide daily to connect with the divine source and angelic realm.  I love this CD and recommend it to you without any reservation.  I consider this CD a blessing from spirit as it has helped me to reconnect to parts of my soul that I lost along the way.  This CD has been one of the tools in my toolbox assisting me in healing and recovering from a life threatening disease.  Pam's CD was given to me as a gift, a true blessing in disguise, from my friend, energy healer and massage therapist at the onset of a one year journey through cancer treatments which included several surgeries, chemotherapy and radiation.  During that very difficult year I found peace, love and healing by listening to parts of Pam's CD daily, sometimes even several times a day.  The guided meditations are very powerful while also being delightful and calming.  Pam's voice is lovely with a soothing, calming quality that immediately invokes a relaxing state of being.  The background music accompanying the guided meditations is perfect.  It is mesmerizing without being overwhelming or intrusive.  I truly believe you will enjoy this CD.  I have purchased several additional copies of Pam's CD to share with family and friends.  I feel strongly about sharing this "gift" with as many souls as possible.  Enjoy!
In the Light: Angelic Invocations by Pam Trosino is, by far,  my favorite meditation CD. I often listen to it in the morning and before bed. I also listen to it whenever I feel stressed or anxious. Pam's voice soothes, heals, and inspires. The morning invocation is a wonderful way to start the day. Sometimes I wish I had the words so I could recite it along with the CD but I am starting to memorize it as I listen to it almost daily. Truly, this will quickly become your favorite. I can't wait for Pam's next meditation CD.
This CD is a magical blend of words and music - very soothing and relaxing. I listen to it during the day and sometimes in the evening before bed.
I've just downloaded the MP3 album, after listening to the sound clips. I learned about this CD from an article in my email from "DailyOM."I also recommend the books: Angelspeake, Angel Inspiration by Diana Cooper, and Angel First Aid, Rx for Miracles by Sue Storm.
I have been a long time fan of Christopher's unique world musical compositions, and the addition of Loren Brown's beautiful vocals makes this album particularly exquisite. The flow and timing are absolutely gorgeous. Wonderful for use in body work. Deeply renewing & soothing to the soul.
I really enjoy listening to the sounds of New Zealand.  Worth every penny.  I highly recommend this CD. It's high quality too.
These meditations are a few minutes each and are very good. She has a nice soothing voice and I feel very relaxed but rejuvenated after listening to them. Thank you Lilou for this great CD.
These are soooooo powerful, listen to this, believe in them and you will see miracles happen :)Thank you very much best money ever spent
Having just received my copy of In the Clouds, I opened the jacket to find a checklist that has since been posted to my desk top.  Relax on the musical journey, experience beauty, find your tranquility and elevate your horizons.From the begining song to the last lullaby, each selection provides peaceful, comforting and uplifting music. This CD teaches each of us spirituality, patience, inwardness and soul connection.  The delicate sounds of 'Quiet Repose' is a container for life, its heartaches and joys.  'Ship Ahoy' is pure simplicity.  Intimacy flows thru 'Reaching for the Stars' and 'Only a Rose', while 'Inspired' integrates body and spirit.  Rhythms of 'Midnight Moonlight Trance' are passionate and touching, while 'Mystical Forest' evokes ambient soulful dreaminess.It is a rare privilege to hear such quality today.  So find your favorite book, pour yourself a vintage bordeaux and let each song caress your mind and spirit.  Trust me, it will be the best part of your day.
By Bill Binkelman Zone Music ReporterFull ReviewMichele Ippolito's debut recording,Mystic Moods, came seemingly out of nowhere in 2005 and garnered impressive reviews, including the following praise from me; "There is a rich emotional resonance permeating all the pieces on Mystic Moods despite the presence of so many overt electronic components in the music...Michele Ippolito's debut CD is one of the best first efforts I have heard in years. It's near impossible to believe that she is a newcomer." About the only knock on her first recording was its short length of thirty minutes. In The Clouds clocks in at twice that in duration and, like Mystic Moods, it's filled to the brim with soothing lush electronic soundscapes that wrap around the listener like a feather-light down comforter. This CD would make an ideal soundtrack for watching the sun set amongst a sea of clouds, the sky going from blue to gold to purple and eventually to smooth velvety darkness with pinpricks of stars dotting the inky black sky.Some reviews mentioned a palpable and recognizable similarity to Liquid Mind's music present on Mystic Moods. On first listen to In The Clouds, one might be tempted to repeat that assertion, but just as I stated in my Mystic Moods review, there are plenty of subtle and even not so subtle differences coursing through Ippolito's music which distinguishes it from Chuck Wild's (Liquid Mind). In The Clouds actually hews closer to a blend of new age and classic spacemusic, while the Liquid Mind series has, in more recent years, featured a strong neo-classical element (more sampled orchestral instruments, such as solo woodwinds).As far as comparisons go, the track "On Skylark's Wings" reminds me of Jon Mark's Asia Journey, owing not just to the synthesizers used but also a hint of Asian motifs via plucked strings. "Dreamstar," the next song on In The Clouds, brings to mind Robert Haig Coxon's The Inner Voyage with its soothing flowing melody played on a variety of keyboards and buoyed by haunting angelic chorals. There is also a hint of Llewellyn scattered in amongst some tracks, such as "Reflections," although the almost omnipresent abundance of chorals makes the comparison somewhat tenuous, I admit. Yet another comparison (which I pointed out in my Mystic Moods review) is with Larry Kucharz, but Ippolito takes much less of a minimalist approach than Kucharz does, preferring to keep the music flowing non-stop on each track.Ippolito also introduces some new wrinkles on In The Clouds, such as the lilting flute on "Horizon" (this elicits yet another comparison, that being to English artist Mike Simmons, who frequently blended layers of keyboards with sampled wind instruments). "Celestial Voices," likewise, sounds "new" to me with delicate plucked harp joined by high pitched chorals and not as many other synthesizers in the mix as on other cuts.The variety that becomes evident as one delves deeper into the CD is a sure sign that Ippolito is maturing and growing as an artist. While there can be little denying that In The Clouds is cut from the same cloth as Mystic Moods, that statement could be made about many artists in this genre (i.e. albums frequently contain an artist's musical "signature"). Still, when I listened on headphones, I was surprised by just how (a) "new" and (b) varied the music on this recording is. Obviously, if you play it in the background and very softly, you may not hear the same degree of change that I do.The whole issue of "new" versus "the same" not withstanding, what In The Clouds does contain, with out a doubt, is a collection of peaceful calming electronic new age music pieces, a sixty-minute musical tonic for de-stressing from the insanity that most of our day-to-day lives have become. Michele Ippolito proves that she is no one-hit wonder with this strong and accomplished sophomore effort. Solidly recommended.
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful--these prayers helped me so immensely after the death of my dear friend.  It's very traditional--just a small bell to begin and end each prayer, and the two teachers singing each prayer together.  Just wonderful.
Very good Spanish meditation.  I was surprise how good it was the music and the voice is soft and relaxing.
"Translucent" is Roth Herrlinger's debut instrumental CD, and what a lovely collection of nine original piano solos it is! With roots in classical music traditions, these pieces have both feet firmly in the 21st century and explore themes of nature, dreams, and spirit. Honest and sincere, the music ranges from lively and upbeat to more quietly introspective and peaceful. Recorded on a 1957 Hamburg Steinway A, the piano sound is impeccable - clear, warm, and rich."Translucent" begins with the graceful and sometimes exuberant "The Gift of Flight." The easy flow and feelings of freedom suggest improvisation and the excitement of a new piece being born (as well as the thrill of flying!). "An Unexpected Rain" changes the mood to a gentle melancholy. The percussive quality of the piano makes it the perfect instrument for depicting rain, and this one is a beauty! "You Are Whole, Child" seamlessly weaves a series of themes together into a tapestry of sound. Some of these themes are lively and upbeat while others are slower and more pensive, telling a story without words. "Daybreak" is something of a concept piece, beginning with the very peaceful quiet of pre-dawn and gradually becoming bolder and more rhythmic as the world awakens and gets the day started. The strong melody of "In Your Dreams" suggests that there might be lyrics for this song. Warm and tender, the tone is optimistic and encouraging. "Sunflower" has the slow, easy movement of one of these gigantic flowers in full bloom, nodding its head in the breeze. Simple and uncomplicated, it's one of my favorites. The slow soothing flow of "The Folded Flag" is hymn-like and reflective. My favorite track, "Your Victory," closes the album. Poignant and very touching, intermittent major chords inject rays of hope into the sadness."Translucent" is a great start, and I hope it is the first of many albums from Roth Herrlinger. Recommended!
This album is superb as a therapeutic form of listening for those experiencing tinnitus and for music lovers in general.  I strongly recommend it.  Soothing and evocative!
This is great for my Stress Management Group.  We do progressive relaxation and it was the perfect background.  Clients loved it!
Very relaxing and peaceful.  I have really enjoyed listening to this music.  So soothing to the mind and soul when my nerves are frazzled.
I was looking for meditation music to download to my Fire and found Ambience. I highly recommend this if you are looking for smooth transitions from song to song.
I'm neither a musician nor even close to expert in meditation, but I do tend toward being "careful-analytic" in my thought generally, am deeply moved and comforted by both "Western" and "Eastern" music and, while hardly a guru, take meditation seriously.  I thought the music of Ambience was stunning for its clarity and its "message," whatever that might be for the listener.  It somehow involved more than the auditory senses-most notably also time, feeling, perhaps even space.  And hearing one of its pieces for the first time, I thought my father was playing his shaku-hachi (or whatever the simple Japanese bamboo flute is called).  I believe that Ambience is not at all in conflict with Christian or other religious beliefs.  I see it as a really remarkable collection of music.  Quite a gift from RichArt for those of us seeking a time for solitude and reflection.
I often use this music for my massage work. There are three hours of varied, relaxing music, and every track is just right. I thought I might have to delete one or two tracks just to have a nice flow, but I am keeping them all. I find that I hear different aspects of the music when receiving massage, compared to giving massage.
This is a very relaxing CD / MP3 and for $5 for almost 3 hours of music it is more than worth the price. I was concerned when I downloaded this that it would be too new agey like some of the other CD's I have, but this one is just pure relaxation. In addition, it clears my mind so that I can work, so therefore, it is a great CD to have playing in the background while working, at the end of a hard day, or just  because you want to hear it.I admit, when I first downloaded it, I never listened to it because at the time I was listening to other music and figured someday I would get to it, and when I finally listened to it, I wondered why I had just let it sit. It's fabulous and has nature sounds, like running water, birds chirping along with all kinds of instruments. There are no vocals,  which is exactly what I wanted. I am so happy I purchased this. Give it a try, you will only be out $5 but it will be the best money you ever spent!
This is a great album for relaxation, meditation or if you just enjoy the sounds of nature and water.  Everything is well mixed and every track is very 'smooth'; no awkward or striking sounds to distract you from your relaxation techniques.  I think out of all of the tracks and albums I have purchsed from Amazon over the last month, this is by far the best.
This is a re-edit of a review I originally posted on "The Surfmen 102 essentials" CD which contains the exact same tracks as this (although, in a different sequence). First, a little history on the LP's these tracks came from.The Surfmen were assembled by David L. Miller as something of an "Exotica" supergroup. They originally made two LP's for his Somerset label . "The Sounds of Exotic Island" SF-10500 and "Hawaii" SF-17100.The first one "The Sounds of Exotic Island" (released around 1960) was an outstanding example of the "exotica" genere made famous by the likes of Martin Denny & Arthur Lyman (with, perhaps, just slightly less of a jazz feel). The original Somerset LP had a lovely cover of a woman coming out of an orchid. The woman, bathed in deep red light, was nude, however her strategically placed hair kept the photo from being overtly risqu&eacute;. It's difficult to imagine a better way to complete this tropical south sea island package. The 12 songs the LP contained were filled with tropical percussion instruments and bird/jungle/surf sounds. The music took full advantage of the, then new, stereo format. Four of the songs also had a beautifully hypnotic wordless female vocal. The LP was later released under the title "Tradewinds, Romance from Hawaii to Tahiti" Credited to "The South Sea Serenaders".Tracks: As they appeared on the original 1960 LP "The Sounds of Exotic Island":(Side 1)1. Quiet village2. Tahiti Sunrise3. Bali Ha'i4. Bamboo5. Jungle Romance6. Forbidden Island(Side 2)7. Taboo8. Moonlight in Paradise9. Luau10. Fire Goddess11. Orchid Lagoon12. Moon of Manakoora(All 12 tracks are included here and make this worth having.)The second LP "Hawaii" AKA "The Romantic Lure of Hawaii" (Released around 1963) originally contained three tracks from the first LP - Moon of Manakoora, Moonlight in Paradise (Retitled "Polynesian Fever") & Orchid Lagoon - plus six new tracks that had a more familiar "Hawaiian Music" sound. It was later re released under the title "Colorful Romantic Hawaii" Credited to "The South Sea Serenaders".The remaining six tracks here originally appeared on the 2nd LP in the following order:Aloha OeBeyond the ReefLovely Hula handsMahala PuaHawaiian Wedding SongHano Hano.Between 1965 and about 1973, both LP's were also released under several other different titles (and track sequences) and credited to "The South Sea Serenaders" or "The Surf Serenaders".It seems that by the mid 60's, Mr Miller no longer had the enthusiasm and basically just pushed the products out. Many later Somerset LP's had little mention of the musicians, or much of anything but advertising on the rear covers. Later on the LP's didn't even contain inside paper sleeves. His records soon filled the 1$ shelves of supermarkets like "Grand Union" Fortunately, there was still reasonably good music from him in those years.So, anyway, this includes the total of both LP's. Though the track sequence is somewhat different. The first 12 tracks are in there original sequence except for Taboo which should've followed Forbidden Island. Tracks 13-18 have also been re sequenced.If you want to get these downloads to put on your portable player, you'd do well to arrange the sequence to match "The Sounds of Exotica Island" LP (see above) and place the other "Hawaiian" tracks after (think of them as bonus tracks). Now I do think the Hawaiian tracks sound nice too, however, the difference in the styles might be a little jarring.I wish they had gotten the sequence exact (at least for the first 12) Of course, if you load the re-sequenced tracks are on your player, or computer you could use artwork from the original covers to represent them. "The Sounds of Exotic Island" is a really cool LP cover.For the benefit of those who remember this era's music. I will list the musicians that made up The Surfmen at the time of the first LP:Paul Horn, Rowland Bundock, Al Hendrickson, Alvino Rey, Jack Sperling, Sam Weiss, J. Castonza, Milt Holland, Gene Estes, Ann Stockton & Emil Richards. Arrangements by Joe Kuhn & Bob Louden.Some of these musicians played with "The Nash Brothers" and "Henry Mancini" among others. Many also Appeared on other Somerset LP'sMost people familiar with contemporary Jazz of the late 50's through the early 70' have probably heard some of these names. I'm not sure how many of those same people play the additional tracks from the 2nd LP but the music is really quite a bit different.So, this set gives you 1 LP's worth of tropical music. OR...The complete 1st Surfmen LP "The Sounds of Exotic Island" plus the 6 tracks from the 2nd LP "Hawaii"It's mastered well enough that this is most likely the best these track have ever sounded. The hiss is reduced and a slight hum that was in the LP's has been eliminated. Otherwise, the mastering is identical to the original LP's.Doing a search of "The Surfmen" on Amazon (as of this writing) will show the original LP covers of the two vinyl lp's. or, you'll be able to do an internet search to find the images.If you like exotica and/or Hawaiian music, you're likely to enjoy these tracks.
This is a wonderful CD to help a person simply relax and &#34;let go&#34; after a long stressful day.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who has a stressful job or for those that need help in winding down after a long and difficult day.  Buy it!
I chanced upon this album by typing "soothing sounds" into the search engine in Spotify (a music player that accesses a massive storehouse of music). I was looking for some music to listen to while writing. This album proved to be one of the best I've ever found. It's wonderfully, hypnotically relaxing (maybe it triggers sub-conscious womb memories?), and it contains no abrupt sonic changes, which means it never breaks your concentration on whatever it is you're doing. Wonderful!
as  bit of a tree-huggin hippie when it comes to child-birth, i was given a "record album" (does that date me!) of womb and music softly infused together...in 1982 giving birth to my 1st (ina hospital due to an unfortumate difficulty), i had that record taped to a cassette, and inside a small taperecorder so my baby would be comforted in this new environment...what  a blessing, not only did it soothe general fussies in her, but the sound soothed other babies in the nursery...the nurses and doctors could not believe it! B'Mums has most closely replicated the comforting sounds for a newborn....although all 4 of my children used that "record" throughout their 1st years! This gift has been transferred to a preemie baby and does miracles!
This album is really relaxing. I love the mix of birdsong and classical music. It works really well together. The birds reinforce the music, and the music generally seems to follow the mood of the birds.
Very relaxing....it helps me relax after a long hard day..and listen to it when trying to sleep..it helps clear the mind..
I met this fantastic musician in Sedona, Arizona when he was playing music from this disc outside on a beautiful day.  I was in a store nearby when I heard the music coming from somewhere and immediately went to find out where it was coming from.  It absolutely captured me.  I bought the disc when I was there as well, and he signed it.  How cool is that.  You won't be disappointed if you buy this.
This is Guru Singh's second installment of meditative chanting.  There are three tracks that are about 22 minutes each.  "Ong Namo Guru Dev Namo", Humee Hum Brahm Hum", and "Aad Guray Dev Namah".  When chanting or repeating a mantra it is not so much about the meaning of the words but the physical effects of repeating certain combinations of syllables on your body.  The pressure of the tongue against the upper palette, the vibration of your vocal chords over the heart and abdomen, the pressure of saying syllables like ma and da and ra pushing against your stomach; repeating these syllabic sequences over and over opens pathways to bliss in your inner body.  They rearrange your internal prana so wherever you go, you are in place. You become a player in the game of life, not the ball being kicked around on the field.
There is a proper way to apply affirmations. The proper way is to listen to them over and over again so that your subconscious mind will eventually accept the statement as true. The creator did a wonderful job.[...]
I have found "Rising Above the Illusions" to be a very effective meditation tool. Ms. Akers' recording provides us a very soothing relief that eases the tensions of a stressful day.
Ms. Akers' voice is a soothing guide through an effective meditation in "Rising Above the Illusions" all the while allowing her humanity to shine through.  I've gone through this meditation twice and find it relaxing and releasing.
I like to interrupt the stress and noise of the day by listening to these calming meditations, which help me to reconnect with the peace and sanctity within.  I would highly recommend it as a great way to bring balance to your day.
This album is so much more than I expected.  The music is so beautiful and soothing, and I use it every night to put me to sleep. I highly recommend it to everyone who appreciates fine music,
I love this CD, I use it for my massage practice and to go to sleep many nights. Many of my clients have asked where to get it. I tell them that it can be downloaded from Amazon and that is so much easier than searching through a record store for these kind of non-pop recordings. Thanks for offering all kinds of music - easy to search-for and find!!
This album is really wonderful to play on your iPod when you need to relax and concentrate on something at work. It really helps with distractions and is quite expertly done. Highly recommended.
Well worth the price and purchase to relax to and have total peace of mind. highly recommended over forest sounds!
I've listened to a dozen or more relaxation albums and bought this one about a week ago.It is about half the price of a typical MP3 album and it's great--so relaxing. I really enjoy turning this one up as loud as I can stand and when I do I can feel the stress melt away.I also recommend Effortless Relaxation by Steven Halpern.
This is the best guided meditation I have tried. She did a wonderful job. I love it.
I listen to it while studying or meditating before bed. It is very relaxing and incorporates both drum and flute songs. If you love to meditate and be relaxed in general, buy this album!
Very well done, the sounds stay loud enough that you don't worry if your player is malfunctioning, it keeps you relaxed during both meditation and yoga.
I downloaded "THE FAN" from Amazon (under my one click id, not this one).It is a simple one hour hummmmm of an old fashioned fan, the kind pictured on the "cover."  It uses the stereo channels effectively to create the sound effect of the fan turning side to side.Best on a headset, or with speakers set far apart.  On an iPod it works great to drown out street noise, or noise from another part of the house, if you're trying to nap.A good way to fall asleep, or provide ambient noise to drown out others if you need to concentrate.
Nadine has a wonderful voice. Very clear and concise. It just adds to the pleasure of this music. There is a 1/2 hour OM piece that would be great for meditation and the rest of the music is laid back. Very easy listening.
Nadine has a magnificent voice that mysteriously finds its way right to the center of the heart. This CD is very powerful for meditative chanting. I am very grateful to have found this powerful music and am looking forward to much more from this fantastic artist!
This album works well as a background to focussed mental effort.Strong yet gentle changes.  When I first downloaded it I played it for 48 hours straight and it helped everyone in my home.Her LIVE workshops are INCREDIBLE!  Highly recommend!She also has a 6 CD product which I will probably buy in the future!
This CD is mostly mahamantra kirtana. It is melodic, meditative, beautiful, and enlivening. If you like mellow kirtana that is musically beautiful, you will love this CD.
I co-posted this review for Dr. Weiss' other MP3 for Guided Sitting Mindfulness Meditation since I listen to both of these MP3s as well as the Mindfulness one.I am very happy with all of the MP3s I've downloaded so far. Dr. Weiss' voice is pleasant, relaxing, and well paced. She leaves enough time in between instructions without leaving too much time for the mind to wander endlessly. I find great benefit from meditation in general, but have a hard time getting myself to meditate; I find this to be a helpful tool to get me focused.One thing to realize with the Loving Kindness track is that the Loving Kindness is stated for yourself and someone/something you love whereas I prefer to practice it further with someone I like, am neutral about, and don't like, etc. However, I didn't think that this should subtract a star since it is still very good.
This Cd is very helpful to give clairty and understanding that the concept of self esteem really means.  So many issues are tied into self esteem issues. I use the Cd is my work and found it to be very helpful in dealing with pepople that suffer from  "low self esteem"  Basicaly, the concept is to reframe what "esteem" really is.  Very good and highly recomended.
I purchased Guided Sitting Mindfulness Meditation MP3 since I already purchased the body scan from another MP3 by Dr. Myra Weiss. I am very happy with all of the MP3s I've downloaded so far. Her voice is pleasant, relaxing, and well paced. She leaves enough time in between Mindfulness  suggestions without leaving too much time for the mind to wander endlessly. I find great benefit from meditation in general, but have a hard time getting myself to meditate; I find this to be a helpful tool to get me focused.
Really good CD. I use it for meditation and general ambiance. Also great for driving, Really really curbs my aggression when some idiot with a crackerjack license tries to wreck into me.
Background ambience for my daughter's rain forest birthday party.recommend it for soothing music in a massage office as well.
This is great for relaxing & thinking.  It doesn't interfere with your thoughts.  Makes it easy. very good atmophere sounds. It's like you are in the woods
I needed a little extra something to help my son fall asleep at night. He usually is fine, but sometimes just needs one more trick to help him close his eyes the last bit. I came on Amazon in search, and downloaded a few sounds and noises for him to try. I purchased a some forest sounds, water, and white noise. This really is a great bundle, with a few different sounds lasting about an hour total. It has kept him from waking up multiple times now, and really is a life saver! I recommend trying this out!
Whenever I feel overwhelmed or have trouble sleeping, I listen to this with earbuds so I can block out all other sounds. It is very soothing, and much better than plain old  white noise. I'm not sure if I have ever listened to the entire recording, because I have mainly used it to help me sleep, and it has worked every time! You hear gentle breezes, crickets, and birds chirping. some of the bird recordings can actually be a bit annoying, but this has just the right amount of everything, It's well worth every penny!
This is a great selection of relaxing sounds if you can't fall asleep at night.  What I liked best was the abscence of flutes that usually accompanies meditation or relaxation tapes. As I often have nighttime headaches, the flute music is very irritating. These sounds of nature are very sleep inducing.
I love this soundtrack.  So many others sound fake. This one sounds absolutely real.  This one just makes me feel good.  Lovely sounds.  Peaceful and relaxing.
All I can say is that this music is very relaxing...I purchased it to help with meditation but I can't meditate to it because I end up falling asleep from it...LOL...You will hear birds chirping , water running, thunder...it is quite relaxing and will send you off into a blissful sleep.
I've noticed that white noise really helps soothe my baby.  However, listening to most white noise soundtracks at high volume for any length of time is enough to drive me stark raving mad.  These 5 MP3s are different.  I found the sound of our shower soothed my baby, and I went looking for something different.  These five tracks are all very pleasant to listen to.  They feature everything from gentle rain to a steady downpour to a thunderstorm along with some bird sounds and such.  They are not quite as effective for baby soothing as pure white noise, but they're pretty good.  Whether you're downloading them for baby soothing or for yoga or as background noise for sleeping, they're very pleasant and realistic.  When I first started listening to the tracks I honestly felt like I should get up and check whether the rain was the MP3 or coming from outside!
I love this. I put it on my phone, which I use as an alarm clock. I play this every night and it soothes me to sleep.
These sounds truly are healing sounds for relaxation. These sounds are part of my playlist that plays in the house while I do my chores or work on my computer.  Excellent.
Use this as a way to fall asleep. The program is soothing. I would reccommend this to anyone with sleeping issues.
I love this album! Perfect for relaxing/sleeping! My favorite is the rain showers. Puts me right to sleep! You won't be disappointed.
My husband just downloaded this for me yesterday, because we were looking for a natural sounds cd, and I absolutely love it. I kept this playing on repeat all night and most of the day. I love hearing the natural sounds of nature, rain, birds, flowing water, etc. You will definitely enjoy this. The sounds of God's creation...
Absolutely wonderful for babies! I haven't written reviews before, but this was good enough to make me want to go out of my way to do one for this.  I was originally looking for forest and rain sounds for myself to listen to, and in the process soon discovered how well my infant daughter sleeps when it is playing.  She can sleep for HOURS when this is on, much longer than with other music or nothing at all, and she is also calmer while she is awake as well.  Also, the sounds are EXTREMELY realistic,  I think they must be actually.  I wanted sounds like this because I used to live in a very heavily wooded property with many insect and wildlife noises that I became accustomed to and enjoyed, so I am familiar with how real "Forest Ambience" sounds, and this is strikingly right on!  Also, each track fades in at the beginning and fades out at the end, so its not startling or obtrusive when it starts or transitions between tracks. Couldn't be happier with it, very well worth it.
I've had this for about a year now, and it is still head and shoulders above any other "soothing sounds" that I have downloaded. Rain, faraway thunder, birds (but not too much), crickets (who doesn't love crickets?) and frogs (just a little bit) all blend together in various tracks to create a "works every time" sleep aid. Highly recommended!
This is an awesome journey, each song tells its own story and takes you with it. A new sound worth trying, again and again!!(even better when heard through headphones!!)
Very powerful and meditative tracks.  Great background while you are focusing on something or just to chill out and relax to.
I bought this album because I love the sound of the singing bowls and the addition of the forest noises sounded lovely.And it is! I play this on a continuous loop in my bedroom and I feel like it's really improved my sleep. The quality of the recording is impeccable, it sounds like I'm really there. The thunder is the best I've ever heard (short of real thunder!) and it has a nice bass to it.Great all around!
So, here is the thing about this piece of work.... Well, hold up, I'm going to go prove string theory. brb
After trying gum, patches, smokeless cigs, the inhaler, chantix and zyban..... this finally worked.  I listened to it one time, work up and never smoked since.  It has been a year.  Worth a try, if it doesn't work it is not like you are out that much anyway.  I saved a bundle of money by giving it a try because it worked for me.December 2012 and still a nonsmoker.  This worked for me! over two years
I just purchased this mp3 album download and used it twice.  I have already gone from 1 pack of cigarettes a day down to four cigarettes for the whole day today.  This is a miracle.  I do believe that this method is an answer to prayer and a tool God is using to help stop the smoking behavior.  I also felt more centered and whole immediately.  I can't wait to use this album again. Perhaps after the next session, I'll be 100% smoke free.  I look forward to the sessions and am already looking into more of Ms. Savage's mp3's the help with other areas of my life.
I purchased Piano Soft Rock to use for a wedding.  I was doing sound for a small wedding where they were not using a piano or organ, only canned music.  They had made no plans for music as the guest arrived, so I purchased this to play softly while guests were arriving.  The music is absolutely awesome.  I look forward to listening to this over and over again.
Sometimes you want to listen to some Rock but you want some soft easy listening.  This will do the trick for you.  I also have the music &#34;30 Soft Rock Classics&#34;.  If you like this you would like it also.
I like the soft rock music it is easy undwind to and it sets a soothing atmostphere and you can actually understand the words they are saying