Every song is just a rip off of a Punk-Cover that another band did better. The great thing about punk covers is that they're taking a classic song and putting a genre twist on it. The Rezidudes aren't doing this. They're taking punk covers, and just recreating the exact same song all over again. Their songs sound exactly like the Me First or Pennywise versions, except not quite as good. It's like making a photocopy of a photocopy. It's roughly the same but it's lost some quality along the way. Seek out the original punk-covers and skip these guys.
When I was a kid, my mother and father used to take us on vacation a lot. However, while other kids were vacationing at Disney World or California, my family almost always went about an hour north of where we lived to visit my grandparents at their farm. It was cool, but really, I'd much rather be taking a "real" vacation. My grandfather always had farm dogs that would help him in his daily work, or just hang out with him and keep him company as he was riding in his tractor. However, I soon noticed that every time we visited the farm, my grandfather would always have a new dog, and this perplexed me. It seemed that his dogs were prone to run away, and for the life of me, I could never figure out why. Then one day I came across some evidence that I felt would greatly explain my grandfather's runaway dog problem. I witnessed my grandfather kicking his dog. Surely this animal abuse was the answer to the question that had long perplexed me. I don't remember why my grandfather was kicking his dog, but I do remember the sound it made. It sounded a lot like Caleb Boddicker's singing.Caleb Boddicker, here known just as Boddicker, is a 20-year-old male from Mississippi. When he was just 16-years-old he produced a 22-track demo in his bedroom and proceeded to sell over a thousand copies of it. This caught the attention of several people in the music industry, including (allegedly) Issac Brock of Modest Mouse. The rest is history. But one question still remains unanswered to me. Who the hell bought this crap?The album begins with "Giant," a short intro into the nonsense that will soon follow. "Interstate 55," one of the strongest tracks on the album, begins with a simplistic acoustic guitar riff and brief organ appearances. Caleb takes his vocals a little easy at the start, but by the time he gets into the song he's singing so loudly, so badly, that any hint of vocal talent gets thrown out the window. The lyrics here are confusing, to be sure, but at the same time they're some of the best on the album. Take for example, "Well there ain't no McDonald's yet in the woods and the Lutheran Adventist Church can be hard to find." It makes little sense taken out of context, but makes even less when you consider that the majority of the song is sung about a "Missouri Dinosaur."The album's most flagrant offense is Caleb's insistence on shelving actual singing for what can only be described as yelping, howling, barking, or any other sound you might expect a dog in immense pain to make. "When I Go Out" is a prime example of how an otherwise decent song is slaughtered by Boddicker's inability to carry a tune. Here, Brian Deck's talents as a producer shines, but not much else. The strongest track on the album, "Pretty Baby (Part I),"would be the weakest on any other album by any other artist. It's essentially 5 minutes of Boddicker repeating "You're my sweet pretty baby and I love you so much. I want to t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-touch" to no end. It's catchy in it's simplicity, but at the same time, it's a song that a 10-year-old could write. But a 10-year-old could probably perform it better.The album is filled from beginning to end with disappointment. I've listened to the album multiple times for the sake of reviewing it, but honestly if anyone manages to listen to this entire album without skipping a track or taking a break I'd be shocked. You may make it most of the way through, but once you get to "Bon Vivant" you're pretty much going to give up on it. "Bon Vivant" is the single worst song I have ever heard in my entire life. It makes you wonder, "Who listens to this and thinks 'Dang, that is awesome'?" At his absolute best, Boddicker sounds like a poor man's version of Daniel Johnston or Alec Ounsworth, but a direct comparison to either of those artists would be an injustice beyond compare.When I first put Boddicker's "Big Lionhearted and the Gallant Man" into my CD player, I was pretty excited. I was familiar with Brian Deck's previous works with Modest Mouse and Iron and Wine, and had high hopes that Boddicker would be the "next big thing." Even as I listened through the album the first time, I was holding out for the greatness that I thought would surely be revealed as the album progressed. What I got, however, was an extreme disappointment in Boddicker and a dismal new outlook on the music world. "Big Lionhearted and the Gallant Man" is the single worst album I've ever tortured my ears with. It is unbearably disappointing; a thousand times worse than thinking you're vacationing in Disney World, only to find out that you're going to your grandparent's farm.Recommended to no one. Do not support this garbage.Key Tracks:1. "Interstate 55"2. "Pretty Baby (Part I)"3. "First We Store Up"1 out of 10 Stars
The only "Catholic" hymn on this album is the Prayer of St. Francis. Everything else is Protestant worship music, i.e., A Mighty Fortress is Our God - written by Martin Luther! If you are looking for legitimate Catholic hymns, this is not the album for you.
Why not get the real thing? Steve Bell can sing, but no one can do Cockburn's songs like the man himself can. If you like what you hear from these samples, buy Bruce Cockburn's album(s) with the original songs instead. These covers aren't very good either. At least the Barenaked Ladies got creative with "Lovers in a Dangerous Time." Steve Bell does a poor job of arranging and his high voice doesn't go well with the jaded sound of Cockburn's music.
To the Daywind Studio MusiciansI believe you owe me a refund, you are displaying 7:18 minutes of play but when you purchase it you only get 30 seconds and that is what should be displayed you are demonstrating false advertisement, as a singer 30 seconds of airplay is normally free but in this case your cd or remake of the gospel should not be showcase on a site that is well known for precision and truthfulness because of Amazon is why I decided to give you a try.  Portrayal in the realm of the Gospel from this capacity is disrespectful my e-mail is ladyo8226@gmail.com if you would like to respond I look forward to hearing from you, if not, you need to delete this cd from the database.  Olivia and Janaeya two of Amazons must loyal customers.
I own and have listened to all of the On Comedy CDs (Jerry Seinfeld, Jerry Lewis, Johnny Carson, Woody Allen, George Carlin, and Jack Benny). All of the On Comedy CDs are thoroughly excellent. If you're a stand-up comic or you want to be, the On Comedy CDs are the greatest resource you could have -except for the Neil Leiberman CD.Why? Because he says very little beyond touting his great ability as a comedy coach. Leiberman's shameless plugging of his services as a comedy coach is akin to those cheesy real estate infomercials on late night TV.The only ideas that Leiberman gives you is: a) Have clean, fresh, original material; b) don't listen to other comedians, so you won't end up copying them; c) Don't drink or do drugs; d) Hire Neil Leiberman as your comedy coach by calling 1-800 etc.Slightly better is Leiberman's CD How To Be Funnier Than You Really Are, which I might grudgingly recommend if you have some extra money that you don't feel like wasting somewhere else.Lastly, if you're thinking that you might want to spend the money just to see if the CD could really be that bad, trust me. The CD really is that bad.If you're interested in learning about stand-up comedy, spend your money on any of the other On Comedy CDs (mentioned above). You'll be glad you did.
"Shotgun Wedding" featured 3 tracks not available anywhere else - they were what made this compilation worth getting:Psychedelic Super Jesus (The Buzzsaw Mix)Time (The 12 Gauge Mix)Hired Gun (The Anvil Mix)The MP3 download here replaces those three unique tracks with the vanilla versions pulled from other albums - ABSOLUTELY NOT COOL if you're actually trying to buy the "Shotgun Wedding" album as it was released.
this is not the song I was looking for. I had heard it by Vicki Winans and this was no where it.
What an amazing recording!  A single voice raised in prayerful worship.  The Archbishop has great stamina on this lengthy album. I bet he had to take a water break every so often!  Even so, his voice does crack on occasion.  Still wonderful.
If this is bluegrass I am Batman, Ironman, and Bullwinkle Moose. lol  Maybe one song out of all 3 CDs would qualify  as bluegrass for me and not a very good version at that.Decent COUNTRY Gospel, one might say. Very good vocals, decent guitar but really POOR banjo (what very little one was used) very mediocre fiddle and mandolin.ALl in all I would not buy it again....  Sorry.
Volume I is painful, but I think Mr. Sarta quickly realized his talent is piano playing, and there was a need to fill--recorded piano accompaniment tracks for small parishes who can't afford a pianist/organist or there isn't one available in their area.  My church is in this situation.If you previewed the samples for Volume I, don't judge the rest of the series by it.  The other volumes are good!
Not at all what I was expecting.  I reordered another, a different version.  We were used to the alternate version and this was impossible for us to sing with.
I agree with the previous review.  Why did they cut this song short?  It's missing the final verse and therefore the impact of repeating the chorus and bridge.
How disappointing is it for this song to end the way it does?  The final verse and subsequent tags are what drives this beautiful and emotional song and they are so haphazardly left out.Normally this company puts out an above-par product, however with their rendition of "At the Cross" they have missed the mark.
Just a warning...this has NOTHING to do with a goddess at all! I checked twice to be sure of what I ordered and somehow ended up with a totem animal meditation times two and it's not even a good one.One of the tracks says it is a goddess meditation but it is just a repeat of the animal meditation. If you're thinking of buying...save your money! If I didn't have to give it a star to review it, I wouldn't.
This file is incomplete and doesn't start at the beginning.  It is supposed to be 45 min but because of the truncated beginning it is only just over 41 min long.
I normally listen to each song all the way to the end - you never know when a slow starting song might take off. This, however, was such a disaster that I deleted it about a third of the way in. Don't even waste your time listening to the sample. What a mess.
The vocal quality is okay, but not the rest.  Nearly every piece is in the same key, and melodies sound almost the same from one piece to the next.I absolutely love Messianic music, and listen to it all the time.  Myrna's album was recommended by a friend who says this is her favorite CD.To each his own.  I'm a professional, highly trained, musician, and I did not enjoy it at all.
I really liked this guy and bought all his cd's and after many years of struggling those tunes that I liked so much believe me it  has been along journy these past few years and I can see now that many people try to reach losts souls by giving them styles and trends that sounds just like the current rhythm as before, and that proves they are mislead themselves. After watching a manafeat music video ,I think this song it had trever from tfk. I was so shocked to think that I actually thought manafest was born again. I  completely stopped listing to his cd's and startedto research music and Christian contemporary music , after 5 months of knowing this secret about the emerging church and CCM.  I BEG YOU , read the facts over at, wayoflife. Org , Holy Spirit can open you up !! Be SaVeD brothers :)
I was looking for proverbs that I could listen to on car trips.  I didn't mind the rap beat.  I just wanted the proverbs.  I listened on-line to a few clips and things seemed OK so I bought the album.  Most of it is so-so with attempts to make the proverbs "hip."  But the thing that really irritates me is that on about 20% of the tracks, the rap music beat is so loud that I can't hear the words.  Now that is a problem!  When God speaks, people should respect Him enough to let His words be heard.  Do you really want to be the one drowning out God's voice?
Just as bad, if not worse, than the first album. You'd think they would have stopped after the first one, but apparently there's a lot of suckers out there who will buy anything just because it has Christian symbolism on it.
This is crap. I downloaded this and it is only 30 minutes long. Do not waste your money on false advertisement. Sound quality is very bad. I had to turn it waaaaaay up to even hear it.
It would take a blind a deaf person to not realize this is not a Janet Jackson recording. Wrong language, wrong look and wrong genera. Hope amazon takes this clown out for trying to infringe on an established artist brand.
Remember that episode of The Office when Michael Scott has the dinner party and Jan won't stop playing that song her assistant wrote? This guy kinda sounds like that.
I purchased this ep after i heard and saw that they got signed and man this band sucks. The vocals are weak, the musicianship is less then average and I was bored and trying to figure out what they were trying to do with the album.
New category to describe this... Screechy Beard Music. And it pains me to use the word &#34;music&#34; to describe whatever this is.
I bought this album, and for the most part it's good, but the Digital version here on Amazon is absolutely horrible. There are many places where the song's fiz out, especially near the end of the album... I want a good version, or my money back.
Listening to a sample of this music on Amazon did not prepare me for the repetition.  It is a loop of the same music over and over again.  It did not take me long to get tired of the music.
A major disappointment. Nothing but crashing stormy sounding waves- cannot hear any bowls without straining to hear them. Not a bit relaxing and certainly no beautiful bowl sounds. I sure wish I could have read a review before throwing my money away. Unless you are in the mood for very loud crashing waves, save your money. Tried to write to Mr. Moffett directly, but his website apparently does not exist.
I'll be honest. I bought this by mistake.  I thought &#34;O.K. Lets help out a new artist.&#34;  Please know that this rating is entirely personal preference.  I'm a big music lover and I just really didn't like this.  I hope that someone else does.
This is not for the traditionalist who wants to recognize the melodies of these great hymns.  Some arrangements are simply annoying for their dissonance, and uneven tempo.  I wish I could be more positive, since I'm sure it was a labor of love for the artists.
The audio for this mp3 file only covers HALF of the book--most likely this is only disc 1. It has been extremely difficult trying to learn the more intermediate material at the end of the book without hearing each piece being played first.
As you can see from my review's title I'm not exactly what you'd call "god fearing".  I picked this one up knowing it was christian rock, but hoping it wouldn't be too preachy, just good music I could trick myself into ignoring what I'd hoped would be minimal brain washing.  But as I'd feared not only was it preachy, it was crap music too.  1st off, this group has absolutely no business comparing itself to Green Day.  Green Day has it's own sound that over the years has molded itself to survive for over a decade now.  Philmont sounds just like any other cookie cutter "punk" ( I say that loosely)pop band on the radio now, there's absolutely no substance to their music what so ever.  There's not one distinguishing sound to there music come to think of it, there's really nothing that even distinguishes one of their songs from the other.  I get it, mix trendy music with preachy message to weak minded down on their luck teens equals new followers(complete with fun loving, wild & crazy guy hipster pictorial CD insert, to help prove that Jesus rocks to those that weren't already aware).  Let's clear something else up, this sin't punk, this isn't rock, this is pop music through & through.  Any sound that's mimiced & regergitated minute after minute on top 40 stations by countless (so called) artists is not "punk".  Just because you have a whiney, teen voice does not make you "punk".  Bands that preach about jesus are most certainly NOT "punk".  If this is your thing, fine, enjoy it, relish it I guess, but how 'bout keeping it to yourselves huh.  I guess it's my fault for trying something new.  This is nothing new, this is nothing worth checking out if it isn't already your thing.  This is garbage dressed in a shiney box to make it look as though it's something not.
If I could have given a zero rating I would have. I was simply looking for the radio version and I couldn't find it.. but I did get five nonsense versions that I couldn't use!
I ordered 4 versions of the song. This one was such a dog deleted it after I paid for it.
i have not got to use because of kindle malfunctiion and had to return it to best buy ans so it is useless ti me
Really bad and not upbeat as I was hoping as I played it near someone who was going onto the next life.  If I could have sent it back I would have - now just trying to delete it from the kindle.
I purchased this music expecting to be able to put it on my i pod, but I can't and I can't talk with anyone who might be able to help me. I am not very good with computer stuff. There may be a way to do it, but I can't figure it out. The music is probably fine, but not much good when i can't get it onto my i pod.
Why is this not available for purchase in Australia? Digital music is available digitally ie. on the computer or your music device, so why can I not purchase this (or any other MP3 format) in Australia? Ken Davis is Australian and yet we can't purchase it here! I have used Amazon for years, and more recently for my ebooks but now? Please update to be able to purchase in Australia - we would like to purchase too!I'm sure the album is 5 stars but I have rated it with 1 because of the service.
I know other people seem to love this mp3 but all I could hear is this drippy faucet noise.  It's a randomly recurring sound that Joe Baker obviously added to the track.  It sounds like a leaky faucet that is dripping into a bowl or a pot.  I wish he just made it "rain".  I can't sleep when I feel like my faucet is leaking.
This is not the most soothing disc I've heard.  In fact, it kept me awake with the disturbing background noise, which overpowers the sound of rain.  I donated the disc to Goodwill because it was no good for me.
THE most annoying part are three 'drips' that occur one after another.  The first one is LOUD, second one not as loud, the 3rd one was faint.  Too frustrating.  Save your money and buy a CD with real rain sound.
I've actually bought two of these disks. The first one started having problems a couple of weeks after receiving it and it started skipping an area. I listen to it every night on &#34;Replay&#34; for white noise. I thought it might of been from my handling, but the second one started doing the same thing even with extreme handling care. I have a different company's rain CD and it's been fine for many many months.
I liked maybe 2 songs on this cd.But there is something else going on beyond the cd.The missing pages only had a few remixes, but ask for them from the company if it really bothers you.
The Becrecordings download for the missing pages IS NOT AVAILABLE anymore.Save your money. It seems that Becrecordings does not care about their customersas is evidenced by their non-response to emails about missing download.Ironic this company does not seem to have ethics.
Purchased this CD to help me get to sleep.  The sound of rain is relaxing, but the constant, never ending thunder is just plain annoying!  A summer rain does not have thunder that never stops.Also the CD does not play on my older CD player; only on my computer.A waste of my money.
The music selected is a melange of different styles, all having one common denominator, mediocrity. One would have hoped for a better selection of the music we heard during this campaign. This montage certainly does NOT inspire. I doubt any astute Obama campaign manager would even listen --wimpy at best, not grassroots at all--with the possible exception of Stevie Wonder and Keb Mo. The rest are not up the the standard. Make your own mix! I would call this disappointing.
Just listen to the previews. To call this amateurish is being generous. Garage bands from the 60's did better. From top to bottom it's horrible. Very sloppy musicianship with guitar and percussion out of synch with each other on many tracks. Overmoderlated mic with plenty of effects to hide the poor vocals. Plus the subject matter on many of the songs are of an unChristian cultic nature. Think David Koresh but with less musical talent. Not worth purchasing.
rip-off , did not work for me, buy on your own risk, could be $10 down the drain . . .
I bought all his other albums and didn't realize this is just a collection of the other songs.  Waste of money, unless you're looking to buy ONE album.Review of the other albums:Joubert's accompaniment is lovely.  Not just a piano or guitar.  His harmony is gentle and pretty and perfect.  His backup singers harmonize beautifully and evenly.  Zero sloppiness.The only criticism I might have is that German doesn't lend itself well to ballads.  I guess he's better in whatever language he finds most comfortable.I bought all his albums at the same time and have the same comments for all.  Forgive the repetition.
I say sad because I am sure this girl has a heart for God. Nevertheless, singing off key is far short from glorifying Him. Whoever encouraged this poor girl to ever record her voice should have his or her name on the selection as the one who should be the most embarrased.
Awful production, awful mastering, awful composition. The only thing that makes it Christian are the song titles. Jesus would not approve.
I don't have to listen to this to know this is probably another attempt to rip her fans of their money.  In 2006 Jaci Velasquez came out with "On My Knees - The Best Of Jaci Velasquez" which had 17 tracks.  That album has ALL the songs listed here plus "God Loves You" and "Colors Of My Heart." I suggest passing this up and getting "On My Knees - The Best Of Jaci Velasquez" instead.
Is this for real?  To my ears, it is anything but beautiful.  Sorry. Instead of the clarity of nuns voices, there is a frog that dominates.  What a waste of money.
I was very disappointed in this cd and i will not be purchasing any more of her music without listening to the entire song...First!
I previewed and really enjoyed the samples of tracks. But when I began to meditate to one track I suddenly thought something happened to my mp3 player because the vocal pitch shifted. Sounded like a record slowing down and speeding up. Turns out it appears the audio tech must have had a pitch bend on the vocal track, and just shifted the pitch down and up. VERY distracting and UN-natural sounding. I've been involved in group meditations where we change pitch, but it did not sound like this. This recording was definitely artificial sounding. And the pitch changes on the track were not going with the 'flow' of the meditation. I wish they had just left the vocal track alone. Otherwise it would have been perfect, now I am searching for another OM meditation tool. Very disappointed.
These recordings leave you hanging and if you want to really get any benefit from it, you need to buy his expensive additional courses... which leads to your needing to buy more and more and more courses...It's a lead-in to more and more and more of your money in his pocket... and even after all of that... you'll find you could've gotten a MUCH greater benefit from going directly to the teachings he CLAIMS his courses are based on... to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson himself. Listen to and read "teachings" that are Lester Levenson's own voice speaking to you, or read Lester Levenson's own direct words.Bypass this material. Save your money. Be smart.
We purchased this story to help our 2 year old twins relax before bed.  The story takes four siblings through all kinds of "adventures", including being abducted and then lost.  That is when my husband & I turned it off.  This absolutely is not relaxing or appropriate for 2 year olds, (which is the beginning of the given age range.)
I'm afraid to purchase the MP3's because when I play the samples, they seem to be songs from some other JKP album... they definitely are not the songs listed!I bought the CD many years ago, and it's a really wonderful collection of songs of support for families of persons with disabilities, but these songs are not the right ones.
The songs cut off before they are ended. There is no delay between songs, they all just run together. I would not recommend this. Although I like the music, I don't like the way it plays.
I have been a fan of Barbara Cook -- the REAL Barbara Cook -- for many, many years. She has still one of the most beautiful voices on the planet. This album of "inspirational" songs is NOT Barbara Cook, despite what it says on the cover. If it is, she was at some sort of nadir in her life, both mentally and vocally. Does anybody have any information on it? I'd love to know...
not happy because it was not compatible with wmp could not find the decoder need for it to play on computer. but amazon did reimburse me. that was kool
Unfortunately, though I enjoyed their first album (albeit not perfectly, it was adequate), this seems to have fallen in unimaginable ways. Follow-up albums are meant, for heavy metal bands, to try to make better what they did before. Soundwise, this sounds like a copy-and-paste affair from Who's Your God? and, therefore, sounds like nothing more than a sequel EP. The only bare exception being &#34;The Second Death,&#34; but just barely.The sound's not the issue. There's also lyrical content. When VC came onto the music scene several years ago, the leader singer called their music &#34;Prophetic metal,&#34; which explicitly meant that he saw his lyrics as more a prophecy than anything. Not only that, but revealed in his interview that they were all prophecies against the Roman Catholic Church for their intense religiousity. That was during the era of WYG. On this, they no longer take the subtle route, not only do they show that they are vehemently anti-Roman Catholic, but also have a tendency to sound like strictly brimstone-and-hellfire preachers (meaning without compassion at all).So, now, it seems like major hubris for the singer to call HIMSELF the Final Prophet.This is the end of my listening pleasure to VC.Side note: before this cover rendition, I guess they got heavy flack about the original EP cover artwork since it was an open-jawed skeleton wearing a Catholic nun's habit, wearing an invert cross. Not bad artwork, but just terrible taste in showing one's extreme bias against a faith they don't believe in.
This material leaves you hanging and if you want to really get any benefit from it, you need to buy his expensive additional courses... which leads to your needing to buy more and more and more courses...It's a lead-in book to more and more and more of your money in his pocket... and even after all of that... you'll find you could've gotten a MUCH greater benefit from going directly to the teachings he CLAIMS his courses are based on... to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson himself. Go to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson and bypass this material.Save your money. Be smart.
I've never been so angry - THIS is a great example of why mp3 downloads can be a bad thing... In a huge rush to get some Camouflage (a synthpop/EBM band) I hit the site to snag the mp3s. Read the description to confirm it was the right band, couldn't play samples on the machine I needed to use, but recognized the other albums.  There's no differentiation - no way for me to tell this one that I thought I hadn't even heard of was some HORRIBLE, like christian rock band or something.  Had I purchased this CD I would have returned it, PROMPTLY; unfortunately I guess that's not an option with mp3s.
According to Amazon's recommendations "inspired by my wish list" (which has an album by the German synthpop band Camouflage on it), it recommended me several other releases by Camouflage. Most I recognized from the German band but never heard of this one so I clicked over. So glad the other reviewers pointed out this was not the same band. Amazon needs some internal system to differentiate between different artists with the same name so they at least know not to recommended the wrong releases to fans of a band, especially one that has been around for 2 decades with several hit songs considered synthpop classics!
Even at a $ .99 download, all this British woman says is "I am happy, harmonious...." over and over and over and over and over and over and over....Same your duckets on this one, folks.
I put this cd in the player--all it did was make a buzzing sound.  I tried it on another player, same thing.  I figured it was defective.  I sent it back, got another one--same thing.  Now, I realize it's supposed to make that sound--like the ocean?  The problem is this "sound" goes on for 20 minutes--no explanation, no music, no words.  No explanation on the jacket, either.  Is it just "me?" Am I missing something?
Horrible annoying sound. I disliked this tremendously.  I kept hoping the sound would change but was just the same 10 second sound over and over.
Wasn't relaxing at all...It was very abrasive and disturbing to me.  This might be your cup of tea, but it wasn't mine
I downloaded "Probably The Best Music For Relaxation and Meditation" based on the reviews on Amazon and was very disappointed.I tried listening to it several times but each time I had to turn it off after 10 - 15 minutes because it was too annoying.  It is basically New Age white noise, not music.I was using headphones but did not notice any "biaural" affects.  I had to delete it from my MP3 player.If you hate music, maybe you will like this as background noise.  If you want to listen to actual music, try some Mozart adagios or Chopin Nocturnes instead.
After listening to this, or, rather, trying to listen to it a few times before deleting, the title seems strikingly arrogant and presumptuous. Even funny, albeit in a bad way.I have composed a lot of music with a keyboard workstation, which allows for all kinds of creative sounds, and know how easy it is with such an instrument to press a few buttons and then a few keys, and produce something listenable. One can almost do it at random and sometimes create things more enjoyable (or, though slightly harder, relaxing) to listen to than this so called "probably the best music for relaxation and meditation" material.The fact there are several good reviews may illustrate the subjective quality of "music," and personal experience therein. Or, here, something else, since the reviews don't make a lot of sense in light of the material. Even accounting for personal difference, it is hard to find something on amazon where the reviews are so far removed from what seems to be the quality of the item itself.This sounded like hokey new age music, with annoying little staccato fluffs thrown in that made it less relaxing than most new age music I have heard. Perhaps it gets better after fifteen minutes or so. But I couldn't get that far, since it was too annoying to listen to. And very little in the way of "relaxing music" is too annoying to listen to. Though the heady claims of the title might have decreased tolerance for what sounds like hokey, at times irritating noise, this somehow managed to be precisely that. Namely "too annoying to listen to;" and quite a distinction from the title claim.
This is a high volume Christian CD with a live crowd on most cuts.  I found the songwriting and passion both in the "back seat" compared to the production.  All writers should be encouraged. This group has plenty going for it.  Now is the time to really "hookup" with Christ and shed some of the pyrotechnics.
love this music but never got the product...dont know if i did somthing wrong :O( when trying to get this
I ordered this Cd a Few Months ago and I was Surprised is was a BAD Burnet Copy. The Sound on The Cd was Bad and I had to Adjust The Volumn of The Cd about 3 Times. This Cd was a Bad Product.I was Advise everybody Out Please Do Not Order This Cd by  David Martin.
it skips, and if it were a record, you can even hear the scratches on it.....i want the CD instead
I don't have a computer at home and my computer at work will not let me download the adobe get air. Please, please, please cancel this order.
This cd well ... hum... .I do not know. X hustler but I can not tell.  I was very disappointed with this.  I wanted to give this artist a chance but I could not relate to him.  The title sucked me in.  I was expecting something dramatic like Young Jeezy turns into Lecrea but still has that "IT" factor.I wanted to Duck Hunt this CD~ Translation: IT means throw it out the window..I will give him another chance.  Im into Christian Rap now.
I LOVE this album. I even have this album, not cd, not cassette, but vinyl album.But this mp3 rendering is terrible. IT'S NOT IN STEREO!! I just listened to the old vs the new. The old, in it's popping vinyl album glory, is at least in stereo!! These mp3 (which i regret now buying) sound like it's an AM radio station.You can listen to the samples and judge for yourself.Shame on Amazon! Re-rip it!!
I thought I was ordering the new CD, as there was no picture available what I received was the Karaoke version...........waste of money.
This is a rather depressing representative of Xmas music. But for those who like it, it's cheaper on iTunes. I'm not going to bother.
colonization continues in the universalization of the local with this production. Haven't we learned from the ecological disasters that we are creating and recreating around us that christianization = colonization = oppression = degradationits not about being ONE its about constructing oneness with relationships that allow similarities AND differences and values them....
Simply copying (often badly) the music to a pre-existing song and then singing new (unrelated) lyrics over the top does not a parody make. Have any of these artists granted permission for this lyrical revision of their material? Somehow I doubt it.I had to give one star because negative stars aren't possible.
best loved instrumental hymns, but for some reason it still contains choral music...go figure.  this would be better rated if it truly was all instrumental.
I would have given it no star if I could, this Mp3 is one of the worst hypnosis Mp3's Ive ever purchased. I shows that it has different parts to it but only one track that is 18 minutes is all this have..... Look somewhere else for a better CD is my opinion.
First of all, I'm a big Sandra McCracken fan.  Her work with Indelible Grace and her first hymns project, "The Builder And The Architect" are so very good.  The problem with this CD is that it sounds like Derek Webb's doing.  I have nothing personally against Derek (her husband . . . don't know him personally, have no opinion about him, his character, etc.), but his music is, well, a bit on the weird / odd side.  Yeah, I know they're married, but they are NOT the same person!  Sandra doesn't need "soundscapes".  She just needs instrumentation and production that highlights rather than detracts from her very fine and emotionally nuanced voice.  PLEASE get someone other than Derek Webb to co-opt your next hymns CD!  PLEASE?!?
I wasn't happy with download. Because of this live album the songs sometimes run together which when downloading mp3 it cuts into song.
This album is so bad, they should pay US to listen to it...it is like an auto accident...you can't turn away, even though you know it is awful!
If your looking for some good Ray Boltz music look somewhere else. Prior to 2004 is a decent bet. On this album he betrays everything he claimed to stand for. This is mostly one long album about how much he has lusted after other men.
After listening to the sample on Amazon, I was completely turned off buying this since it's got noisy chirpy birds in the background. I realize it's a matter of personal taste but having birds in any type of "relaxation" recording has the opposite effect on me. They sound like nature's version of that old dial-up sound. However, if you're totally down with having birds and wind chimes together than go ahead, this could totally work out for you but this recording should be called  Calming, Relaxing And Restful Wind Chimes... AND BIRDS!
I was a little disappointed with this cd.  I downloaded their free song "how great is our GOD" off a different album and love it.  There is only a couple of songs I like on this ablum and one that is very annoying since it sounds like she is screaming the same words over and over again. I returned it the very next day.
Junk. The CD came without a case and was broken.  Who would buy a CD without a case. Who wouldEmberssell a CD without a case.
All 5 of these songs are on Group 1 Crew's new album Outta Space Love releasing September 21 2010. This is pretty lazy and nasty of Group 1 Crew for anyone who has bought this ep already because all they will get when buying the new cd is 7 new songs. I'm not saying these 5 here are bad songs just a bad and pointless deal.
I give credit for the attempt but no, this album completely fell short.MC Hate Skit was a total jack of The Mad Rapper circa 1996 Bad Bay Records. On one song (1) he's all raspy like Jeezy or somebody but then on another he's all clear & deep like Tupac (7). On tracks 6 & 16 he's pretty boy fresh sounding like Jay-Z. Track 10 he's Pherrel singing. He sounds like a different person on almost each track. Would the real Prodigal Son please stand up?When I listened to this album I never got a sense of this guy. Which dude are you? Like his sincerity and love for God. The words are there but the delivery and layout doesn't move me in a way that feels like it's ministering. I tried to imagine what demographic it would appeal to and couldn't find one.If this is the new era of Gospel Rap, I'm very disappointed.After having Lecrae, Pro, & Trip Lee in the CD changer, listening to this CD is like nails on a chalk board.I understand Hip Hop as a whole has nose dived in the talent department but if we serve an excellent God, it should reflect in our music that we do for Him. If it's not for Him, then it becomes quit obvious.
I love E. Dewey Smith but I was somewhat disappointed in this CD. I will stick with watching his youtube vids.
Who would put out 3 different versions of the same book. So If you don't know if it is NIV, NKJV or KJV which it doesn't really tell you in the little Awana manual. You have to assume. The problem is that when you listen to the verse and read it in the book and they don't match!
It sucks for me to say this, because I support all Christian rappers, but this guy has been hyped to me by friends, enemies (kidding) and above all, the internet. His lyricism and flow are lauded, and those are the weakest points of the whole album. The message is fine, and the beats are ok, but the album is repetitive. And the workout theme is so limited, he is making some very shallow references in order for the concept to make decent sense. Songs like Gotta Run, Slim Down, and Sweat It Out were said to be highlights, but they all rely on a repeated line...Ex: For "Gotta Run" he goes (I gotta run, gotta run, gotta keep my pace. I gotta run, gotta run...)Its very cheesy but worse, its tedious. I got really annoyed when I heard those tracks. Perhaps I'm being a tad harsh, but this album was so hyped up. Maybe I'm just awash in disappointment. If Cross Movement want to challenge Reach Records, artists like K-Drama, Young Joshua, and Lever 3:16 need to really step it up.
I was hoping for a good recording, but sadly, this is yet ANOTHER recording where they took the same 8-second wind track, repeated it throughout the recording, and added some chirping and cheeping sounds on top of it.  Listen to the sample, before buying.Note:  This product appears under more than one product name, with multiple advertisements..but fortunately, a buyer provided the same warning on the other ad.Bottom Line:  Listen before you buy!!!
I don't know what it is, but this CD totally creeped me out. I do not recommend it  for any reason unless you intend on scaring someone.
I didn't like this one.  Sounds were irritating and I had a hard time relaxing and falling asleep. I would not recommend this.
I have the CD and wanted the MP3. I downloaded it for 8.99. When I started listening to it, my favorite songs (which is why I ordered it) were not even downloaded.
I bought the entire sound track  and the birds and criiters are quite pleasant, but it only works for 30 seconds. Really disappointed.
Not what I wanted!I cant delete it. The sound is distorted .it wasn't they ones i wss looking for. REFUND
This is as far from relaxing as you can get. It is a loud blur of thousands not the quiet evening chirping of a few.
I dont know how anyone could possibly want to listen to this recording of the Rosary, it is HORRIble. THERE ARE SO MANY GREAT ONES ON AMAZON.COM, to purchase, please listen to the mp3 player samples of recording before you purchase it.
I don't know if this is some kind of joke, but please listen to the samples before you click buy.The best alternatives I know of are Rosary is a Place (Fr. Benedict Groeschel) and The Little Rosary of the Seven Sorrows of Mary (Fr. Pablo Straub). I highly recommend customers to check out those two albums after listening to one of these ridiculous sample tracks.Caveat emptor.
This looked like a serious audio of the Rosary.  There were no sample tracks for me to listen to, but luckily I clicked on BUY MP3 and you are given a track & sample listing before you buy.  When I heard it, my initial reaction was this was a comedy CD.  The guy's voice cracks, sounds like he is in his car doing the recording, and he has a southern 'BILLY BOB'  Hilbilly thing going on.  Take a listen.
It does not make sense for me to buy your cd, when i just need one..... don't worry about it... i will pull it of YOUTUBE....  PLUS I'm A DJ...
I regret purchasing this, it is not &#34;smooth&#34;, there are &#34;surges&#34; that having a looping pattern to them.  i find that very distracting when i'm trying to sleep.  background office noise, fine.  but if you are trying to sleep it's annoying.
Have not rec'd. Will write a review when I rec'd the CD. So far only hada problem with on of the CD'd. It had stickers on the front of the CD itself.
I found this disappointing, it was set up in such a way that you couldn't just let it play and listen to just one version of the guided imagery and the narrators voice was unpleasant to my ear so that the version without music was annoying and served to wake me rather than help me to sleep.
Other review said the music was relaxing? All I heard was 72 minutes of ocean waves, crickets, owls, and seagulls. Deleted.
This was the most gigantic waste of time ever.  The music wasnt bad, but since I put on weight after listening I assume it didnt work
the performance is fine but the technical recording is terrible.  recording levels were obviously way too hot.  it sounds fine during the quieter passages but there is very annoying distortion each time the vocals become loud.  any competent recording engineer can recognize their is serious "clipping" throughout much of this recording.  it is so bad it gives me a headache.Bach: Cantata No. 147 - "Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben"
This albums does not contain any handbells and is in now way associated with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. Don't be conned into buying this album.
This is not what it claims to be. This recording has nothing to do with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, nor it's official handbell ensemble, the Bells On Temple Square. This is somebody stealing the good name of the LDS Church, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir Organization and it's trademarks and art, and using them for personal gain. Do not purchase this album. These aren't even real handbells on this recording, but obviously a cheap synthesizer. The Bells On Temple Square doesn't have any recordings yet. Whoever is behind this fake is trying to take advantage of this.
Ya know what, amazon? I have learned to appreciate the feature of being able to listen to a sample of the music before buying it!!!
bought about 9 of these and used them for 6 months and I saw no difference at all. nice and calming yes, but for the money I pay I would think there would be results
I added this into an 8 hour playlist for my sleep.  The sounds of the crackling and popping of the fire woke me up.  I suppose some people find those sounds soothing, but I find them disturbing and frightening in the middle of the night, especially when they are right in my ear.  I have a fear of fire, especially of the house burning down in the middle of the night and this disturbed me so much I couldn't go back to sleep.I tried to listen to it during the daylight, but I just cannot find anything relaxing about it.  I certainly don't know how anyone can feel positive after listening to it.  It only makes me anxious and fearful.J.
This is a waste of my time.  I absolutely get nothing positive from the binaural beat stuff and I regret the purchase.
I have learned to get over the spoken warnings at the beginning and end because I usually like the combination of natural sounds and music so much. This one, however, has no music.  It is the sound of wind and water dripping.  There's a reason they call it Chinese Water Torture, and just because it isn't dripping on you doesn't mean it's not torture.  Maybe the least relaxing sounds ever.
I have been waiting for this album with great anticipation being that there doesn't seem to be any good music to buy anymore and I just knew Frank McComb would deliver. I couldn't be more disappointed! The tracks are very boring with none of the funky grooves or serious Fender Rhodes licks going on that I'm used to with Frank. It's almost as if he signed with a big label and they sucked all the creativity from him. There may be two cuts worth listening to again and that's being generous. I was excited to see Branford Marsalis on the first track but it was so boring and lackluster even he couldn't save it. It pains me to write this but, I have to tell it like it is. When I heard how bad the two cuts were that he released early were, I thought there had to be better things coming. Well, not so much. Come on Frank, you're capable of much better than this.
I have a huge binaural collection. This one is a joke. I'm female, knowing that other binaural have much effect of me I was curious if this would work. It's nothing but jungle noises and birds going off. A total insult to the binaural community if you ask me.
Head banging horrid !  I thought I would find something spiritual and uplifting.....Guess I am too old, but I only found what sounded like heavy metal and lyrics I could not begin to make out.  No musicality involved.  Would never recommend this.
This material was stolen from the blog of Lee Hartsfeld, an extremely hard-working music collector who puts countless hours and dollars into collecting excellent old vinyl and shellac sides, then digitizing and restoring them impeccably. Lee shares his music for free, so find his blog and stay tuned for other material like this -- he shares rare old gospel music every Sunday. Certainly don't give money to these thieves.As in the other review, the single star is for the nefarious and dishonest activity of the vendor--not the excellent material itself.
This material was stolen from the hard preservation work of Lee Hartsfeld.  It is actually great stuff - the single star is for the pretenders who have circumvented morality & are selling it as if it were really theirs to sell.
This is not the Stephen Pearcy' Arcade not even close so don't be fooled do your home work.Steven's band is hard rock and worth buying at leased the first one is. the second one is just OK. I give the first one five stars and give second one three stars.
I know there is nothing wrong with the player as the other CDs play  I would like a replacement for both of these that I bought.  Check them out first to make sure there is music on them.  I was looking forward to listening to this and I bought one for my preacher, but its a good thing I listened to mine first (nothing played) so I opened the second one and tried it and it would not play anything at all either.
I have purchased about 10 of these "subliminal binaural beat" programs. I believe that these programs have had positive impact on my life; that they a a good influence in the things I have done recently. However his particular one IS NOT the quality of the others. An extremely audible voice keeps surfacing and it sounds as if it is on a loop track. This is not the occaisional "whisper" that you sometimes get on most subliminal tracks, but an annoying repetitious voice that keeps bothering incessitantly. I have tried three times to use this recording and have found it completely impossible. There are other great programs put out by these people --- but don't waste your time with this one!
I did not mean to download this item. I have paid for it so I will keep it. I will probably never watch it. I do not like to hear him sing although I like the lyrics he writes for many songs.
i thought it was a cmpilation of songs performed by the actual artist not another singer who didnt do as well.
Good lyrics.....BUT unless you can get your church to memorize a chapter of scripture in under 5 min don't bother with it.  I go to a SGM church and it is really hard to sing along to.  Unless you play this in your ipod 24/7 (including when you sleep).  Ohh and SGM is still stuck in 1990....Maybe 1995 at best...They just realized that Cold Play existed and tried to copy it on the best of there songs.  Good luck.
All the songs are wrong.  The titles listed are the songs at all,  The music is poor, the songs are confusing.  I amsorry I ordered it, and wish I could arrange a credit.
I could not download them, nor could I download and play anything from Amazon.com and I tried for a very long time until i was very sick and tired of the whole thing, it seems like it was long ago and I guess that I was, I will not try again, because it will be the same thing, they want you to download and install some program that I really don't care about in order to download and hear the songs, I even did that, but It didn't work, I won't go thru all of that again. I do hate that way of doing business and I don't want to download and install such kind of programs again.Amazon can keep their XXXXX songs to themselves.
not what I was expecting, quite the opposite of what I was hoping from this collection - looking for upbeat and postive
I was testing out my new Kindle which was given to me as a gift.  I clicked on this product from Amazon and I was totally dissatified with the songs because when it said traditional - I thought the music would be what I deemed to be traditional, but it was not my cup of tea.
I consider Yolanda Adams to be an inspirational artist.  This collection was too much like rock-n-roll with very little to reflect upon.
This CD is such a disappointment. I have always been so impressed with Yolanda's outstanding talent, sincerity, and being a class act in a time when there are so few in the music industry.Now and then I'd worry that she, too, would go the way of others in losing their authenticity and give in to the "popular" (really?) demands of less substance and more flash.Unfortunately, this CD is evidence that that's happened. I pray that Yolanda will get past this dent in her art (I believe the "career" is just a side effect of her talent and devotion, and what comes so natural to her).Yolanda is the best voice out there (especially since we lost dear Whitney). For an example of the kind of talent that sets Yolanda apart, and that I hope we see in the next CD of Yolanda's, please copy/paste this YouTube link:[...]It's Yolanda live singing "You'll Never Walk Alone" in tribute to the great Patti LaBelle. I have faith...
One of the worst cd's I've ever bought.  Paid 15.00 for one quality song....Be Still. The production on this one is amateur and everywhere....just Not Good!
This is Yolanda Adams's worse CD. Most christian artists are trying to fit into all genre's of music and many do not make the mark. Yolanda has missed the mark with this CD. This heavy metal/hard rock version does not fit into my collection of music. One or two songs have a flow, all the others are everywhere and not pleasant to listen to. I have tossed the CD aside.  I will not even give it to anyone. I paid $15.00 for this CD.  I wish I could get my money back.
My favorite Marty Goetz album is "He Is My Defense." I was hoping this album would be similar, but for the most part this album's songs are mixed a great deal with other voices, diminishing his rich full tones and range which I was expecting to hear. Very disappointing.
The OTHER version of Noelle's "Imagine" is the Real Deal, & I'm very happy with it:Imagine.She is a wonderfully gifted & beautiful little lady, and the world is a better place when she steps up to the mic.As for this one... paid them a buck & got a big disappointment. It's merely the backing tracks.Entirely instrumental, with a little bit of children's choir near the end.I saw a warning about "Make sure you get the right version" or some such, but no clue which is which.So I ASKED them, "What's the difference between "Imagine" and "Imagine Soundtrack?"Weeks later there was still no reply.So I bought the "soundtrack" because movie soundtracks are usually MORE than later studio versions.Oh well! Had to buy 'em both just to get the right one.
This "Listen Up ya Honkey" song is one big excuse for D.E to be racist. If your a First Degree The DE fan & your white & not ignorant, you won't like him anymore. He is getting desperate for attention, he's falling off, not that he was up on anything anyway. He never has any quality content & he never talks about anything that matters, just random bull$#!% talking about nothing. He finally got fed up with being wack & got careless & did this Honkey song. And at the beginning of the song he tries to justify it not being racist, but if you fall for it, your pretty dumb yourself. Don't buy this album, don't support a washed up, random, wack "rapper". He don't deserve to make money off this wack bull$#!%. Super Racist.
nothing to do with dancing with jesus.  maybe mushrooms,  or 60's free love, long hair, rebelion but not the king of kings
Ordered Please Forgive Me Performance Tracks by mistake, I thought I was ordering a single by J D Somers band.
I know these are incomplete. I'm disappointed . I have deleted the tapes and will look else ware for the tapes
This book is absolutely unlistenable.  It appears to be "read" by a non-human.  The voice almost certainly a digitally produced replica.  Unless you like listening to a being who's INCAPABLE of recovery because he is devoid of a soul altogether, avoid this at all costs.
It don't work download was not successful..but I got charged...i won't download music anymore.i hope it be fixed.the song is beautiful
The meditation itself is not very impressive, and nothing about focusing on fertility - a rather grating voice leading on the stereotypical &#34;you're walking through a beautiful garden&#34; generic meditation.  And the only part about fertility is a child in the distance, who comes and sits by you.  It was painful.  It wasn't relaxing.  If you're struggling with infertility, I would highly advise NOT buying this meditation.  It made me more sad and stressed than before listening.
if there were less thank one star i would give it, but instead i'll give this warning:  this is grounded in NEW AGE and HINDU traditions.  Yoga is a meditative state to summon Hindu spirits - you simply cannot have one without the other.  ask ANY real yogi and he will tell you flat out.  STAY AWAY FROM blends of cr@p that call themselves "CHRISTIAN".  honor God and pray for wisdom and discernment.
Yes, these songs were all popular enough individually; throw in some Larnelle Harris, Steve Green, and Twila Paris, and you're all set for a lite-pop church service. Nothing wrong with that. But as a group these songs hardly represent the 80s, unless the CCM songs that "defined a decade" were all MOR ballads, plus one novelty track not really representative of Randy Stonehill's folk-rock center. I had many of those transparent cassette tapes pictured on the artwork, making mix tapes off of cassettes, CDs, and the occasional LP. I promise this collection does not resemble what CCM was all about in the Reagan years.It's almost as if arena rock (Petra, DeGarmo and Key, White Heart, AD), New Wave (Mad at the World, Flock 14, Crumbacher, Farrell and Farrell, Bryan Duncan, Charlie Peacock, some Michael W. Smith, Steve Taylor, some Daniel Amos), hard rock/metal (Rez Band, Stryper, Whitecross, Bloodgood, Shout), alt-rock (Altar Boys, The Choir, Adam Again, The Swoon, The Violet Burning), rap (DC Talk, and...um... The Raptures?), singer-songwriters (Keith Green, Billy Crockett, Mark Heard, Phil Keaggy, Michael Card, Amy Grant, Leslie Phillips, Billy Sprague, Margaret Becker), pop country (Kim Hill, Steven Curtis Chapman, Paul Overstreet, Morgan Cryar), R&B; (Take 6, various Winans, Jon Gibson), and whatever you call Carman never happened. Who puts only ten songs on a compilation released in 2011 to cover music 20-30 years old? Quite the half-hearted cash-in effort on behalf of Word/Curb/Warner Brothers. I bet there's not even a retrospective essay by Brian Quincy Newcomb or John Fischer.
What can I say. Amateur recording and a bad one at that. This is the worst album I have ever heard. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS !
It is too bad we don't get to play a little bit of the song before we download it to our device.  If we had, I would NOT have downloaded this version of the song I wanted.  It was definitely not what I had hoped for.
I am a representative of J. H. Christ, CEO of Divine Justice ltd, you may even say God's representative on Earth. Divine Justice has released a press release on this piece of media and all other memorabilia of The Gospel."For many years, more than I care to broadcast, our company has overseen the product of Earth and regularly released all kinds of propaganda through our smaller company P.O.P.E ltd (Pentateuch Organisation for Propaganda on Earth). Due to our increasingly diminishing following in the 80s/90s, we decided to overlook the production of unofficial propaganda which, we freely admit, has served us well. However, as of January 2012, all unofficial productions must cease due to the coming event: End Of Days. (See press release 21, Mayan Age)" - J. H. Christ 2011This unofficial statement has been released 12 months before any action shall be taken as an act of good faith. I, as a Jew, obviously love Dubstep and regret to be the bearer of bad news, however if these terms are not met in the allotted time there will be a repeat of Noahgate, which will momentarily put out the fires of hell released in December 2012 and all offenders will face a court hearing and further persecution such as name calling and poking.Regards,Alex Goldsteinbergstein
You aren't making christianity better, you're making dubstep worse!Also this sounds like someone recorded it with an iphone. This isnt music, this is dying to a beat
So this album has a lot of things going against it, I only have time to point out the flaws here though. For one, it's some of the most amateur/poor quality electronic music I've ever heard. I've produced better albums using an laptop, $20 keyboard, and recorded samples of farts. None of it is mixed well, I almost doubt that it was mastered at all, the samples are weak, and there isn't a single decent drop on the whole thing. Second, it's Christian music so right off the bad it's preachy. I find it condescending, corny, and incredibly mainstream.So, if you like generic, terrible, non-dubstep, christian tunes you will love this cd.
THIS IS THE WORLD'S WORST DUBSTEP I HAVE EVER HEARD. THE CREATORS OF THIS SHOULD DEFINITELY BE CONDEMED TO HELL AND ALL THOSE TRYING TO FOLLOW THIS AWFUL,TERRIBLE,POOR,UNCONSIDERATE, style. SHOULD DIE. Jesus told me that in my prayers.
Because bass is the frequency of the devil. bahahahahahahahahaaa!!!!LOL... this is what happens when dumb Christians try to appeal to the youth... and luckily, it always turns out to be a huge failure...LMAO!
As a dubstep producer and a Christian, i can honestly say that this is a truly horrendous album. The production quality is so poor, not only does it tarnish once great worship songs such as 'How great is our God', it also just adds to further negativity towards dubstep. Ridiculous.
This is not even dubstep. It's very poorly edited, and it is an embarrassment to real dubstep. If god was real, this wouldn't exist.
Christian dubstep is like Disney porn.Or like a $1 bill made out of feces.I feel bad for the kids of the gee-whiz Mousketeer who goes to work to record this garbage. They must get beat up in bible school daily.
I'll admit I came into listening this album with a large degree of skepticism. It seemed like a mash-up so bizarre that it literally could not work. However, that philosophy drives a lot of dubstep, including much of the best the genre has to offer.  Naturally, intrigue got the best of me, and I wanted to like this even if just for the amusing novelty that it exists.Wow.  And I don't mean "wow" like the label that put this out.  I mean wow as in it's worse than you think.  If you're a parent with a child who enjoys dubstep and you think this is a way to shepherd them back towards the flock, this CD will only result in resentment.  The music is not dubstep by even the most lax definition of the word, and you'll only make your child feel like you don't care about them enough to actually learn anything about what they're interested in.  It's not even laughable, but downright offensive. I had it on in the background, and I couldn't tell when one song ended and another began.  I had to double check to see if it was the same song an embarrassing number of times.  I could understand this as a complaint about the genre as a whole, as even I'll admit a lot of dubstep sounds awfully similar.  Still, this is a problem when the music sounds more like a rejected Ke$ha beat than deadmau5.The worst part of all is how this album subtly subverts genuine Christian values.  The fact that this is not dubstep makes it clear that the people behind it weren't concerned with presenting Christian values through a new musical venue; they knew dubstep is popular, and are trying to make money off of of parents who want their children to hold their faith, but aren't interested in actually learning a thing about what their kids like.  Alternatively, I suppose the target audience could be devout Christians trying to remain up-to-date on what's trendy, but the end result is still a record company trying to take advantage of people who don't know dubstep from "The Cha-Cha Slide."  This sort of deceit in the name of a quick buck, especially at the expense of people who genuinely believe something, is desperate and wholly low-brow. The producers should be ashamed. They probably aren't. I assume it's hard to feel guilt while you're counting your money from people you straight-up conned.
The original artists of these songs should sue this company - Relient K (Must have Done Something Right) and Kutless (Strong Tower) especially.  This album puts all the original songs in a horrible, horrible light!  I cannot even express how much the originals are ruined!To call them a "remix" is NOT true.  These are not the original vocal tracks.  They are re-sung - HORRIBLY!Check out the "This is Christian Dubstep" 2012 & 2013 albums for the real thing!
I'm so ashamed of this production. I would've expected more from a Cedarmont Kids album--or a 10 year-old's IPhone. The original songs were stripped of their power and dignity through this "dumb step" remix. I would follow the money---if there IS any -- and likely find that a satanic conspirator has decided to burn the Christian hand that dares touch dub. I'm 56 years old and have longed for a powerful scripture-based dub step album. What a disappointment. This isn't even brostep. I don't see Skrillex or Deadmau5 running for their laptops at the sound of this album...they are safe -- very, very safe. No healing here; no deliverance here; no warfare; no revelation; no inspiration.  No dub. It's like a hybrid -- a sterile donkey -- the breeding of Praise and Worship with PseudoDub -- the offspring is completely neutered, de-spirited, misshapen, offensive.  Christian themes are well-suited to dub -- somebody PLEASE issue a global recall of this toxic product and get the real stuff on the shelves so we can resonate with the tones that subvert the darkest beats -- so we can attune to the waves that soldier us through each day -- bring the real Blood, the real Spirit.
This is absolutely ridiculous. Not only is this not dubstep, but the gratuitous use of horrible autotune, terrible composition, and unedcucated mastering makes this an awful, awful creation. If jesus was real he'd tell you not to listen to this garbage. A word of advice to those who put out this 'album': seek another hobby.
I wub wub wub wub wub god. I wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub jesus.  Jesus wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wubs me.  Cant we all just wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub along?
First I have to say that I am a Christian and I like Dubstep, But worship songs and dubstep apparently do not mix because this music makes me angry. I was searching for Christian dubstep in hopes of finding a remix of something like Red, Manafest, or Thousand Food Krutch, and I stumbled upon this. I was a little skeptical but intrigued in dubstep worship music. A couple problems though. While I actually like and own many of these original songs the artist ruined these completely, and calling it dubstep is a massive stretch. Second, the sound quality is terrible, and the mixing is worse. I have heard better sounding live recordings off of a cell phone. One thing that I find interesting is the need for Christian dubstep. Most dubstep has no words at all, so inherently dubstep is very neutral. Sure some artists mix in some less that ideal secular songs, but you don't have to listen to them. As a Christian and a lover of music, this cd brings shame to Christian music and will most likely offend someone who actually listens to and likes dubstep.
Lyrics aside, this is the worst thing I have ever heard.  Total crap! Autotune could not save this steaming pile of dung. Please never put out another musical journey into the bowels of atrocity again.  Puting a wobble effect on synths does not make it dubstep nor you a "dubstep producer".  Let this album die a quick death and refund the money to the 3 people that bought it.
On the bright side of things, at least you can listen to samples of this cd prior to purchasing. I highly recommend they listen to "A Brief Tutorial On Dubstep Production (Original)" by Dubba Johhnny before even attempting another "dubstep" cd..
I laughed until I pooped! It was awesomely horrible and I feel like less of a person for listening to it.
Yea, so this is probably the worst electronic music I have ever heard, and I have listened to Tiesto's "Parade of Athletes"
This is just the most awful thing I have ever heard. Despite the fact that it's Christian music, which automatically makes things preachy and unbearable, this is also the most poorly produced electronic music I have ever heard in my life.
Apparently, poop, times poop, equals this.The first track is a collection of fart sounds set in nauseating opposition to Enya-like synth.The second track sounds like a bad impression of the Thompson Twins, horribly processed by an auto tune amateur. With mandatory wub wubs to qualify as dub step.I could listen no further.Cedarmont Kids: thou hath wrought an abomination. May God have mercy on your souls.
This is just straight up bad, very bad. It is easy to tell when an artist tries to forces a topic in a song, and this album is a shining example. DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS BAD MUSIC IS YOUR THING.
I find it hard to believe that society is still so primitive as to say something like "its christian so it sucks." This is why we cant have nice things. However I do agree, this is an awful representation of both Dubstep and Christian belief. As such an abomination all hard copies should be buried with all the extra unsold copies of ET for the original NES.
I was a devout follower of our lord and savoir Jesus Christ until listening to this CD.  Now I'm having baby eating parties with all my new Atheist friends.
For a karaoke version, there sure is a lot of vocals on here. It isn't even split track. This was a disappointing purchase.
In listening to inexpensive digital transfers of analog recordings, one notices dramatic variations in quality.  At one extreme there are superb items such as the Puccini Girl of the Golden West with Tebaldi, and at the other extreme is this poor transfer of the fine Forster version of the St. John Passion.  It is the worst I've heard--the sound level is VERY low, and even when the sound is cranked way up, it sounds muddy and unfocused.  It's awful.  I own the old LP Seraphim version from the 70s, which I remembered as sounding excellent.  I pulled out my much played LPs last night to make such I wasn't nuts--in fact, the LPs have beautiful, clear, detailed sound--they're just noisy from having been played a lot.IMHO Amazon should withdraw this until something is done about the sound.  They'd be better off with a decent version of this for the same price as the 1964 Richter recording, to which it is rather comparable.  It's disgraceful to see this fine performance subjected to such mistreatment.
I've studied and practiced qi gong and hypnotherapy for about ten years now and always look into continuing education. I decided to buy this mp3 download because of Dean Evanson name on the label since I like some of his music. But as soon as I started listening I was totally put off by the cave echo sound effect and oversimplistic and amateur female narration of guided meditation.  Those completely new to reiki or any sort of energy healing might actually find this recording helpful.
I had to check what I was listening too a few times.I was looking for modern christian, but this was more like secular/christian.. never again
HORRIBLE DIGITAL TRANSFER....I originally thought that the digital transfer from the vinyl LP album [I Looked For Love by Ralph Carmichael] was conducted in mono format only (not in stereo) but I think the other reviewer is actually correct in stating that the volume levels are not in sync between the male and female parts, which makes these songs sound AWFUL! An Amazon CSR told me they would correct the problem within three weeks, however, it's been six weeks and the problem has still not been corrected.  C'mon Amazon!!!  BUYER BEWARE!
This was one of the first records that I ever owned back in the 70s, but this MP3 album is only carrying the mens part.  The mens part sound like it was recorded on at a #8 level while the women's part is a .05 level.Only the last song was mixed properly.I would like to see Amazon take this off their offering, until they get it fixed.
As an inspirational CD it's a bust. The Guadalupe, Mexico Grade School Boys' Choir could have done better, and much more cheaply. Don't waste your money.
The title of this Mp3 says Performance track and vocal demonstration but this track is only the demonstration vocals by "Done Again."  There is no download for the performance track.  This was the right arrangement by Deniece Williams I've been looking for but still could not find the performance track.
This won't even play on my portable CD player.  I have to put it on our main CD player.  I find no benefits from listening to it.  I read great things on kind of recording .  However I find no change or even relaxing while listening.
There's a sucker born every minute, including me. It is a huge joke. I think I've been had. In fact, I know it, and though it was only a buck, those bucks add up to fatten this company's profits. Once bitten, twice shy.
Boring. There are better hymn albums out there. However, this was free so I guess I can't complain too much. Very, very traditional.
I thought the singing was a cappella.  It was not.  I guess I misread when I bought.  I would not recommend.
I love this song. But I can barely hear it. I've turned up both volumes all the way and you have to strain to hear it. I bought another one but it doesn't start at the beginning. I'll try it one more time. I should have listened to the preview better. I just assumed I could turn it up enough to hear it louder.
it has been a whole month i have not recieved my cd. I know the cd will be jamming but i have yet to get it. At church a young lady praised dance to the title track . She had everyone giving God the glory and praise.
There were only two songs that my family enjoyed.  The rest of them sound all alike. That being said, Three2U harmonize better then any group I have ever heard and if they would do a more cohesive uniformed album I would buy it just for the way they blend.
I purchased this 40 song album and only 5 downloaded. Where are the rest? I can't find how to delete and reinstall this.
Quality is good, and sound can be amped to pretty good. The selection is wide and pleasent, too many popular selections, so the whole album might have been as good or better with quite a few less songs. I want more focus of a type, and message, possibly a slant toward Lutherans.
This product is a disappointment.  I typically do not return items and I will continue that theme here, however, I do feel comfortable sharing my experience and opinion with others. This product is lacking in quality and content.
Let's start with the product description. There isn't one. The cover image provided seems to describe it "Learn Chinese".There is not one word of Chinese spoken in the admittedly brief sample.But here is a description of what you can expect from the Learn Spanish version, from someone who downloaded it, intending to learn spanish."It's only water fall music you hear.There is no teaching. I did think it was going to give me the basics of Spanish."Here is a description from a Binaural Beats Believer, on how you are supposed to learn a language from these BB mp3s."EP contain stress relieving nature sounds combined with relaxing music with subconscious messages, and inaudible tones that change your brain wave. All that you will hear consciously is the enchanting sounds of the nature and relaxing music but your brain will directly receive and processes subconscious positive retraining and reinforcement messages without any need for conscious interpretation."This was in response to a Learn French mp3 download.This is a description of how this technology is supposed to work, from a Youtube user who uploads videos of these BB audio/visual subliminal tracks."The subliminals are visually encoded. You have to watch to receive them. Also these videos are not going to magically&#65279; make a difference. They are meditation aids to help you focus your intentions. THAT is where the healing comes into play. The videos won't heal you anymore than a hammer builds a house. YOU do the healing by using these TOOLS"So what the user is saying is, this Learn Chinese mp3 is just a tool to help me focus my intention on learning Chinese. The audio won't help me anymore than a hammer builds a house. I have to learn Chinese, by actually learning Chinese.Don't piss in my ear, and tell me it's raining.I recommend if you have one critical thinking brain cell in your head, that you pass on this flagrant pseudoscience.
I have loved every single Bob Jones/Soundforth release since 2005 and I feel they've progressively gotten better and better. Better, that is, until this particular CD. When I first heard the idea, and being a male vocalist myself, I thought the idea was excellent, and I was very excited to hear what they had put together. After listening to the first song, however, my opinions began to change. &#34;Ok,&#34; I said to myself, &#34;maybe they just didn't do as good of a job with that first track.&#34; But when nearly every other song on the CD sounded the same, I quickly removed the CD from my playlists and I've hardly listened to it since then. I was really hoping that the 2013 CD would be their redemption, but they didn't release one in 2013, leaving me with nothing but further disappointment. Every once in awhile, I'll start playing the CD, only to turn it off after the first track as I say to myself &#34;Oh yeah. THAT'S why I never play that CD.&#34; In my opinion, this CD isn't worth buying. All the tracks sound like they weren't quite finished with them but &#34;Oops, we're out of time and we have to release right now.&#34; If you're missing any of the Soundforth CD's between 2005 and 2012, go get those instead of this CD. Now there are a couple tracks that are quite good on this CD (&#34;His Robes for Mine&#34; and &#34;My Wordless Prayer&#34; I don't mind), but those tracks are the exception, not the rule. The mixing and balancing sounds amateur, and it seems little to no mastering was done (either that, or it was so ineffective as to be pointless. As they say, if your mix is bad, no amount of mastering can or will fix it). If you're completely caught up with all the Soundforth releases and you're just looking for something new, this CD may be worth it. Other than that, though, I would stay away (Just to clarify, I know of many of the singers on the CD, and most are excellent vocalists. The fault isn't necessarily with the singers, but more with the audio engineers and producers. Just so I'm not misunderstood).
This music really rates a ZERO. The first time I used a song from this album, I got a notice from you-tube. The ONLY reason I bought this music is so I wouldn't have to have an ad on my video. I am getting tired of paying for "royalty free" music that isn't as advertised. This has happened before with this company. What are they thinking???? The wording I received from you-tube: "content that is owned or licensed by IODA". This music company is using FALSE ADVERTISING!!
The one star is the rating that this crap I mean rap deserves. Cant belove they could make something so bad.
I listened to the sample of the first track....can't believe how off-key this guy is.  Kanye used autotune, why can't this guy......while singing Kanye's songs???Didn't even bother listening to the 2nd sample.
this guy.... he just takes secular songs and puts chritian words to them. i give him credit the lyrics are good but not good to mix the worldly stuff to praise God.  You need to praise Him with Spirit-led worship, not copy the world.
Repetitive and recycled I have already heard this before.  Everyone is trying to say the same message but with a different voice.  No thank you I will pass this up and find something fresh and new.
I downloaded this free song. I deleted it because it's not my music style. It was rap and the words were fine but I don't like rap.
The album was free, so I decided to download it. I like rap, but this album wasn't too my liking. I'm not fond of gospel music rapped over secular songs
I downloaded this because it was free, and deleted it within a hour of the download it was not good and I understood why it was free.
The production is terrible, it would have been better for this guy to wait until he was picked up by a label rather than producing this mess himself.
This album is OK sounds like Christian rap which is a good outlet.  Not sure that I would buy it but it is OK to listen to.
Song downloaded was "He'll Do It Again".  I wanted "Take Me Through This Valley".  I tried several times to download this song.  Right now I have two (2) "He'll Do It Again" and no "Take Me Through This Valley".
I bought this cd from flipside music the cd, when I listen to the cd I realize that there was one song that keep playing over and over and it wasn't on repeat when I contacted the Amazon it said I should contact filpside I did they promise that I would get refund, after I.was rudely told what is ur problem we sent u a cd in the factory case I told them they agreed to my refund now there tell me that it is on my bank account. I think if It was on there not think know that if it was in there that I would not be contacting flipside I'm texting them again. THEY ARE A RIP OFF.
There was only one song on this CD that I liked.  Threw it out, it was not worth listening to so sorry.
Even if you like rap, or Christian music, you'll find this &#34;music&#34; to be garbage. You can listen to &#34;Follow Christ&#34; on Youtube for yourself. The canned tweeting birds sounds alone are enough to make you reach for the earplugs, even if the entire &#34;song&#34; wasn't merely a repetition of the phrase &#34;follow me&#34; ad nauseum.Also, this full album failed to raise the needed funds on Kickstarted to be completed not once, but twice. Perhaps there's a reason no one wanted to contribute.
I hope that many audio Novenas will be created. These particular set of Novenas are way too simple to be useful! One would be better off, making up one's own Novena prayers i.e. ad-libeling even in you are not particularly skilled at this, then to use these, as they are so simple, as to be distracting!
I was foolish to spend my money on this.  They don't even provide the script of the &#34;subliminal messages&#34; or say how to get them.  I doubt they even exist on this program and if they do they aren't sharing.  Don't waste your money!
I only liked 2 songs on this CD.  However, did we really need 3 different versions of the same one?
The quality of the CD was great. I got this CD because I liked one of her songs and thought the rest of her album would be good as well but I was wrong. My opinion.....I would be very hesitant to buy another one of her CD's. She's not that good of an artist at least on this CD. I basically bought it for one song and one song I got!
I don't want it. and don't know if I can cancel it. I didn't know it went through my kindle.
I love everything Georgia Mass puts out.  This was not exception.  I love traditional music & this is a wonderful project.
I am still trying to find out how to download to my device. it keeps sending me to Amazon cloud but I want my music at my fingertips with our without internet connectivity.
The title of the track? Manic Depression-Bipolar Disorder.That's it folks!It doesn't say whether it's trying to give you manic depression, or alleviate it.In fact there is currently no description of what the 59 minute mp3 contains, or its purpose, in the product description. Nor any details on the cover image.The sample track is, you guessed it, the sound of a waterfall. The same as a lot of their other stuff.Don't waste your money on this binaural beats pseudoscience. Scam City.
I love a lot of these subliminals by this creator. But. I am extremely skeptical when it comes to the ESP, THIRD EYE, SEE AURAS, etc. I want to be able to improve my own psychic abilities more than anything. But, I doubt any external assistance can help. It has to come from within and trusting your higher power with all your might.
The mp3 I got was of the &#34;subliminal&#34; message audio track only making it not subliminal.  I.E. there was no Binaural Beat track over it so all you hear is the supposed &#34;subliminal&#34; message.
I agree with the previous reviewer.  I grew up in Texas listening to Gabriel.  I owned their album "Out of The East."  The title track has a chorus that says, "Out of the East, the heavens will sound, every tongue will confess, every knee will bow down."  If you listen to the sample you can tell it's a different song.  The chorus says something about "You're the mirror of my heart, the mirror of my soul."  I don't know who is singing, what song this actually is, or how it got confused with Gabriel but the download is definitely not the music you'll be expecting.I believe this album is wrong across the internet because I purchased it from iTunes and had the exact same problems as the above reviewer.  I hope someone fixes this because I loved the music growing up and would really like to hear it again.  Big Disappointment.
I grew up listening to Gabriel, especially their Out of the East album.  I was so very excited when I saw this and remember all the good songs I knew.  However, when I clicked on many of the links, it is not the Gabriel album I remember.  The first one that I knew it wasn't was You Can't Fool God.  I was ready for the fast, "You Can't Fool God, you try but you fail.  You can't fool God...."  Nothing at all like it.  I am not sure what that was.  Then I went to song after song that I knew, only to be disappointed.  I hope someone at Amazon reads this because there must be a mistake.  Something is not right on this because it is not the right songs.  :-(
The songs and the listed titles do not match.  I have heard better and expected move for my money. I would not recommend this purchase.
In my opinion this is not Scriptural based.  I could not relax at all because of the verbiage being used
I didn't like this. The guy read the book and gave his pont of view outside of the book along the way.......Hated it!!
I heard this wonderful cd on youtube.  So I went to buy it at amazon.  However, when I received it , it was a music only cd, NO WORDS.  Be careful when you buy it, because the words to this cd are the nicest part of the cd. I mean that's what hearing christian music is all about, meditating on the words.
Item description does not say that it is a playback. I wanted to buy the cd with full songsand received the playback cd.
I do not know whose fault it is, Amazon or the supplier, but the product description fails to notify that this CD is music/track only. No singing. The CD booklet has not copyright information or any other detail that you usually see in other music CDs. It looks as if this is an illegal copy.Change the description with more detailed information.Beware before you buy it
Years ago a friend in the Christian music industry introduced me to "Becky". She is the fictional woman that all Christian music tries to cater to. She has disposable income, she is between 24 and 50 and she loves all the sappy music put out in the CCM market.Sadly, "Becky" is who this new Chris Tomlin album is catering to. Every single song will eventually be played on your local CCM music station. Every single song will be sung in your church. Every single song is slow, plodding and boring. All of "Becky's" music has to be soothing and comfortable and okay for the other soccer moms to hear.Sadly, the producer, Ed Cash, makes all of his songs sound the same and uses the same formula for all his songs. How about the token hymn with a new bridge? Got it. Need a song that the whole congregation can stand and sway to? Got it. Need that song that sounds just like the previous one? Got it. 12 of them actually.This is such a disappointing album that I am actually considering giving it to a friend of mine. She will like it. She fits "Becky's" demographics.
The songs are good but the audio is terrible. I do not recommend this album unless you like to hear singing down a long tunnel because that's what it sounds like.
Prestonwood usually hits it on the nail.  However, this CD misses the bar in a BIG way.  The one redeeming song on this CD is their cover of Dottie Rambo's "He Looked Beyond My Faults."
I have used hypnosis tapes in the past to quit smoking.  I thought I would try it for weight loss.  Usually they talk you into a deeply relaxed state and you do go under if you are open to the experience.  This is not hypnosis.  It is more like a series of pep talks if anything.  Very sorry I purchased it.
The music skips like an old scratched record. I want my money back.
I would like to return dis product. Songs dont make any sense i dont know watelse to write its no use
Their original version (&#34;High & Lifted Up&#34; album, 1999) was a powerful, evangelistic and patriotic hymn that was an inspiration!  This rendition has been flattened out so much it has no inspiration at all except to leave you wanting and waiting for the real BTC to show up!
Horrid sounding! I bought this album accidentally while browsing jack johnson, who I ADORE. A song came on and it Scared me, it hurt my ears and I immediately deleted it.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsHappiness - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
Generic walk down the steps - see your guide/sanctuary/whatever formula.  I found the music for the first meditation rather full of distracting beeps.  You can find free meditations on YouTube which are much better than this album.
Do not confuse this album with those by Artist:  Christian Gospel Choir....as did I.  Unless you like gospel music instrumentals done in the old &#34;Big Band&#34; style that calls for an image of a Vegas show........stay far...far away from this one!!! The few vocals are not worth the disquieting of the Spirit.
I expected a Church of Christ Choir singing acappella since that is a major tenet of their faith. Not gonna find it on this album.  Very disappointed.
I was disappointed.  Since this album was done by the 'Church of Christ Gospel Choir', I assumed that the songs would be sung.  Disappointed to find that there were only 3 out of the whole album that were sung.  The rest were instrumental.  Could have ordered a different set of songs.  Wasted money.
Not what I was expecting. I wanted something more provincially current. Also, if my reviews are going to be required to fill a predetermined space I require a fee per graph commensuate in the profession with my past experience as a reporter with the Cincinnati Enquirer and editor with the Cincinnati Post and Times Star for @ 25 yrs.
did not d/load as I am not putting amazons software on my computer just to listen to some bluegrass music !
love it! great work and truly inspiring. you are blessing millions with this song keep up the good work!!! i i see you in the future, its looking good
I thought i was going to get a cd shipped. But this is only downloaded content. Content is fine. But couldn't get any of it to play. Waste of 10.00 bucks
it sounds like a kid trying a keyboard. kind of disruptive. not pleasant for me. very disappointed. listen to the somg entirely before buying to make sure you feel good listening to it
Wish there was a way that I could get a refund or maybe even download another song of my choice to compensate for this accidental purchase... same title but very different song. I DID PURCHASE THE CORRECT song after the wrong song was download ed...
It didn't worked. I have try it now for over a month a nothing has changed. I don't recommend this product. It is a phonie.
I believe in subliminal but I don't know if this works.  I feel the same and see no difference.  I wish I knew what they were saying.  I don't like it when the guy does the warning at the end. I usually listen to these at night while I am sleeping.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsBereavement Aidand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsAnxiety Reliefand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsProsperity and Success - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsEnhance Your Health - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsAttracting Your Soul Mateand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsAccepting Jesus Christand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsBack Pain Reliefand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsOvercome Alcohol Addiction - Binaural Beat Brainwave Subliminal Systemsand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsStop Eating Junk Foodand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
Music was monotoned.  Where there should be soprano to give the piece elevation the music was left in alto and so on and so on.
My mistake, I should have read more on it. I wanted a musical album not a drama. Rather have my money back an order something else.
Not a fan at all. I don't doubt his heart in this, but the way this was written and sung reminded me of a bad broadway show.  It was so campy almost.  I couldn't enter into worship if I tried.  Seriously wish I could get my money back, and buy another cd.  *sigh*
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsOvercome Fear of Failureand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsStop Comfort Eatingand they don't have subliminals, Whoever is doing this is trying to scam people and sell empty music tracks! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
CONSUMERS BE AWARE! This albums are bad copy of binaural beat brainwave subliminal systemsControl of the Egoand they don't have subliminals! I have test this albums and they do not work. subliminal messages are not in tracks also no binaural beats. This is scam and also copyright Infringement.
When I played the sample tracks, I wish they had included some of the &#34;Archangel Michael&#34; bits.  Ever seen the movie &#34;Agnes of God&#34; (where the nun gets down and funky with an angel)?  Well, that's how I felt listening to these tracks.  The angel picture on the cover is not just new agey art - it is a definite indication on what you're gonna hear.  The angel is hovering over your every breath and helping you meditate and relax.I don't know about you, but angels don't relax me.  Maybe I'm too old testament for that, but angels have never been about peace and tranquility.  They are an army powerful, terrifying beings; messengers and servants of an angry and vengeful god.  Every time the speaker mentioned the angel (and she mentions it A LOT), I was jarred and snapped right out of any peace the gentle music and sound of her voice had given me.If you are enthralled with angels and picture them playing harps and smiling as you drift off, perhaps this CD will work for you.
I'm sure he means Peter and not PETA, but it still results in one of the many ironic laughs this &#34;album&#34; has to offer.When you have a title like &#34;Untitled: The Album&#34;, you may think that the artist is making a meta-commentary on untitled albums from artists like Weezer, who leave their albums untitled and are then just referred to by color (e.g. &#34;The Green Album&#34;). But no, I think E-Fetti simply couldn't think of a title, and thought his laziness could pass as cleverness.If decide to listen to a few seconds of &#34;Worldly&#34;, either on Amazon or Youtube, you'll know why this album merits a single star. Even if you like rap, or Christian music, you will have to admit that this stuff is absolute dreck.  If you can't make it as a real rapper, just add a handful of Christian phrases into your song and, BOOM, you don't need talent because Christians will flock to anything that reinforces their worldview regardless of its quality. I mean, if they'll pay to see &#34;Son of God&#34; when all but 7 minutes of that film was already shown for free on TV a year earlier, then of course they'll buy a Christian rap album that sounds like a raccoon being disemboweled and sent through a wood-chipper, right?No. Even if E-Fetti is preaching to the choir, I think the choir will realize this preacher is tone deaf.
I have not received this item.
It really meet expectations. It really didn't tough my soul. It was more secular in its context and feel. Hopefully this artist will do better in the future.
Family Force 5 used to grace us with epic party-rock/crunk music such as "Love Addict" and "Earthquake", or even the epic faith-laced rocker, "Supersonic". However, gone are those wonderfully fun days, for they are now replaced by synthesizers, electronic beats and autotunes. There is nothing on this album that I am really excited about, with the exception of "Chainsaw" and "Next Level". Fun party songs, but still very very "worldly". Whenever Family Force 5 is ready to make good music, I will certainly be ready.
I love ff5 but this is the 4th cd in a row with the same songs they just tried to make them all techno. Except chainsaw and its great.
I was unable to download the sung after I purchased it. I tried to download amazon app to windows 8.1, unsuccessful.
I really, really wanted to like this because Thurston is a really fabulous Praise and Worship Leader, but this seemed very forced and you can't manufacture the Holy Spirits presence.  I should have listened to the samples before purchasing and downloading.
I didn't think this was any good at all.  Very generic, very boring.  I wish that new bands could add some originality to their music, but this act is no different than any other.
not from the heart....cant take seriously, sounds like any other sappy songs out there, especially for a pregnancy album! try again nina
The songs that are in the collection are great songs spanning Petra's career but how many greatest hits collection do we really need. Especially since they are not remastered. I have been a huge fan of Petra since 1982 but it's way past time to quit with the compilation albums. This release is the 13th greatest hits collection. There was already one where Bob Hartman wrote linear notes. Star Song is still trying to milk out money from the band. I only downloaded the new song but even that was disappointing. Lyrically it is fine but the music is not the Petra that means Rock. Like many CCM bands as they get older they tend to mellow out (Bob Carlisle from Allies, Geoff Moore, Mylon Lefevre, and Petra). They should have kept the Classic Petra going. There was a lot of potential there. Classic Petra Means Rock!
Woo Hoo another best of album!! Like the first to reviews said do we really need another one?? This is nothing more then the same tired songs being repackaged in a new fancy cd case with a nice picture. Holy Is Your Name is a pretty song to sing in church, but buying the "new" cd just for that song is not worth it. I have every Petra album, several on records, so I do not need to buy this cd. If you are looking for something new check out the Classic Petra cd!!
Have listened to this for months. Just your typical waste of money for snake oil. And after awhile the Placebo Effect wears off and you realize you have been Tsken for a Ride
i wanted to buy the CD  NOT THE APP!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 what a rip off !!!  i cannot seem to buy the CD ????????
This version of this song is different from the one put out by Elect of God Entertainment. This is &#34;2 Save Soul Records&#34; with the little yellow sign in the right corner of the cover! This is a BAD version that Elect of God is attempting to have removed! Buy the other version, it is great and moving. These guys at &#34;2 Save Soul Records&#34; messed this track up. Buy the one off of the album &#34;Time 2 Stand Up&#34; by Elect of God themselves and save yourself a headache!
Rising up a warrior should be authoritative, bold, courageous! This will put you to sleep! Also using the word upgrade so much is very distracting.
...others in the series sell for $ 5. there is a reason for that discrepancy. The story line does not capture one's interest. the readers do a nice job but they cannot salvage the piece.
I love Sarah's Great Pyramid and Lullaby albums. But this is my least favorite. Many tracks did not have her vocal, the verbal talking was distracting, and some tracks had weird noises and nothing more!
What happened to Flame? His album 'Captured' was great from the lyrical content to the production. But this one is lacking. The beats are good but there isn't any content in the songs. All artist's have ups and downs and unfortunately this one is a downer.
and not very good. i purchased by accident but now i cant figure out how to get rid of it
I definitley am not was not nor will ever be a fan oc t he Levites. I was surprised when I start e d lusteninv to it and could not finish the music.I wanted to give it NO STARS but y'all wouldn't let me.
I wasn't very fond of this album. To me it seemed like they were screaming opposed to singing, so I really couldn't get into it. I think there was 1 song on the album that I liked. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of the song since  I ended up deleting the album off my phone...
Their sound is very unique but i dont like them. They mix jazz and seem to have fun when making music, which is not a bad thing, just not a Shondra thing.
Drove me nuts! I was looking for guided imagery. This is mostly music with a disconcerting plunk of a piano key every couple of minutes. Don't waster your money.
Have had interest in lurid dreams and astral travel for yrs. like so many other get rich quick, the only benefits here are for the author and amazon don't throw away money you WORK for because this doesn't
I can really complain since it was free, but all in all I wouldn't download again or recommend to anyone.
Something about the tone of her voice cuts through my poor, innocent, naked ear drums like broken glass through saran wrap. I truly feel that some form of torture would have to be involved to make me sit still for more than one track.
Horrible Voice. Downloaded it since it was free. Listened to it and quickly removed it. I'm amazed this was even recorded.
Hey, free is good usually! Crystal is certainly a nice looking lady but her singing ability isn't on par with her looks sadly. If Amazon is still offering it for free, go for it. Otherwise, don't even bother paying the 99 to download it. :)
What would you do if I sang out of tune? She should have asked herself that before making this horrible compilation. Don't waste your time...
If she's related to Eddie, you'd never know it from her voice.  Poor thing wouldn't make the first cut on American Idol.  Unlistenable.
the track does not play properly.  It stops three or four tomes during play
I bought this not really knowing what I was getting. I must say, it's not really my taste in music. Wish I hadn't spent my money on it.
This is a first i just got these songs from tim rogers and the fellas album and none of the song are rite or titles bad bad bad deal
I purchased this song but it is not added to cloud and I can't play it. Please help me out
The message is good. The music is slow and contemplative. But the song drags on and on for 7 1/2 minutes, when 2 or 3 minutes would be long enough. The singer is okay, but this song does not make him sound good.
Who IS that horrible voice on this track?! And why do they keep giving him solos? I first heard his horrid groaning in the Spring 1995 octavo subscription packet, on, I think, the third verse of &#34;Psalm 25: Remember&#34; (a fabulous piece, by the way). I couldn't believe that Dick Proulx allowed him to solo, and I can't believe he is still soloing in 2014, almost 20 years later! There are some great singers there--they can't find an even halfway decent male soloist?!
Cool idea but poor execution. I have no idea where this would make sense to listen to except maybe a chain clothing store in the mall. Your money is better spent on any other Jesus Culture album.
I was looking for a good version of Psalm 25 in song so I could sing along. This was not even a good vocal rendition.
this is not even worth rating but since I have to I'll give it a one.  I read where someone said if you liked the first cd you're going to love this one.... that is so not true for me.  He went in a totally different direction from the first cd and this si not country like the first one.  I waisted money buying this cd.  Very very disappointed.  I started listening and the first two were awesome but it went down from there and i found myself skipping each song just to get thru all of it.  As long as it took him to put out a second album this sounded so rushed.
Pense q seria igual como el CD Generacion Sedienta. No tenia la misma fuerza.
Wonderful arrangement of My Country 'Tis Of Thee. She has a beautiful voice and I would buy all of her albums. I listen to this one song of hers frequently .
I've noticed that some fans of 80's hard rock have blinders on from the good ol' days and will give 5 star reviews to just about anything a reunited old favorite band puts out, as is the case with the couple reviews ahead of me (or their relatives of the band). Why get the original vintage line up together coming off a 17 year hiatus to put out a album that sounds like where they left off with the underwhelming alt-rock "Bottle Rocket (1997)" ? Guardian, take a note from your big brothers "Stryper No More Hell to Pay (2013)" on how to give the fans what they want after waiting almost 2 decades. Think Fire and Love (1990) meets (2014)and if needed recruit some quality outside song writers and producers (John & Dino Elefante, Vic Rivera).I know that Jamie Rowe still has the "vocal" goods as the last AdrianGale "Sucker Punch (2013)" IMO was the bands best and most consistent release. Great production,vocals,riffs, and catchy songs.(give credit to Vic Rivera)."Almost Home" lost me right out of the gates with the back round noise for 30 seconds which sounds like a trucker talking on a CB and the slide (gone country) guitar intro. "Boom She Said," is a dissonant fuzz-toned disaster with modern rock/country textures and didn't grab me in the least, as it's light years away from the band's early sound.When a band has 2-3 interludes in a album you know to expect maximum FILLER/NO KILLER tracks in the writing department. There's a phone message from the 80's producer KI$$ of Death Gene $immons during Jamie Rowe's London Calling days which is worth a chuckle telling him he's too old to make it. More filler with a guitar solo, and a trumpet-based Mariachi-sounding piece with the only saving grace on the album being a few decent ballads.To put it bluntly "Almost Home" lacks the balls,hooks,riffs,harmonies and the straight forward gospel message of Fire and Love or Miracle Mile. Anyone who has followed this band already know the lion's share of Guardian fans LOVE their early hard rock/blues-based early releases, and HATE the latter descent into modern rock (LIKE MYSELF),therefore making this album a complete disappointment to my ears.Especially, as I mentioned before knowing that Rowe still has the vox range. If the rest of the band and producer Steve Taylor from their late 90's drink coaster cd era' are responsible for this train wreck then I will gladly blame them and spare Jamie my wrath. No wonder they are selling this Mp3 album download on itunes for 4.99. Get a clue Guardian and give your loyal fans what they want, it's not this I reassure you.