I know when passing a judgment on another s work it is purely a subjective exercise. So it is with this album. The other review here is harsh but accurate. i do not like this record. A review i read said this was a masterpiece. This music is an acquired taste, perhaps this requires further listening and maybe i will come across this hidden masterpiece, but i don't have the time with so much great music around.
not happy with this one.wouldnt give as a gift.doesnt have the magic that i am looking for in quite music
Take this review with a grain of salt, as outside from E-Roc and Lil' Raskull I am not generally a fan of any that Grapetree has to offer. That being said, I think this album is one of their worst productions. Perhaps it's his rapping style, perhaps it's his slower beats, but I would strongly recommend that you preview this album before picking it up.
These tracks are widely available on Amazon and if one looks hard enough, he/she will find undubbed versions.The original tracks cut in 1959 had minimal orchestration and it served tradition...and Little Richard. His voice is incredibly powerful and moving..and the less "distraction" the better. It appears, through the "samples" here, that the slow-paced Gospel ballad, "Does Jesus Care?", survived the crass post-production.The real outrage is with the wonderful "Certainly, Lord", Richard's first A-side on End records in late 1959 (titled "Save Me Lord"). His voice is mixed upfront and actually could have found a comfortable spot on any of Specialty albums! But here we have an out-of-sync, inappropriate drum beat.I'd recommend only "Does Jesus Care?", on this MP3.
Through the years, Contemporary Christian artists have tried to emulate the current pop scene in hopes of capturing new fan bases.  IMAGINE is Benward's 2000 release, so there's strong "boy band" influences prevalent.This is Aaron's only solo release, having recorded a few albums with older brother Jeoffrey.  IMAGINE's main problem is its lack of imagination in both the songs and arrangements.  Benward's vocals lack conviction or passion.  MAKE YOUR MARK and ALIVE are the only tracks that come close to distinction.Contemporaries like Steven Curtis Chapman, Michael O'Brien and Gary Chapman are stronger artists in this  area.  This is Aaron's final recording before he vanished from the CC scene.
This cd is nothing too revolutionary. It is a typical fare of new-age Christian rock claiming to be innovative. Some of the hymns are classic, with new, and unneeded, covers done by Melley, and some are of his own writing. His voice is not bad, but in an awkward middle position. It is stuck somewhere between the classic choir singer of old, and the newer "Shine Jesus Shine" kind of guitar circle Christianity becoming increasingly popular. The middle ground comes off as strange. The impression one gets from the way in which these songs are sung, and hearing him in person often is not one of being humbled. There is a sense of humility in his works very reminiscent of the man praying in the front of the Church, beatifying himself to the Lord. If one would prefer Christian rock of a more authentic sounding nature, look up Chris Tomlin, or someone of his caliber, rather than this sub-par attempt at lounge singing with a dash of cosmic purpose.
I like this version of the song,but there isn't a rehearsal copy. Which, most performance tracks include. Because I'm not as familiar with this version and there isn't anything to help, printed or otherwise it's almost useless to me.
Not what I expected. Usually I get a surprise on some of the material I haven't heard but this one was just ok. I wanted What a Difference, and You Gave me Love and so I'm happy to have those, the rest were just barely okay. The Grammy award winning album, You Gave Me Love, is not available on CD anywhere so I'm trying to piece it together one song at a time. I'm still missing The Faith of a Little Child, and Using Things and Loving People, amongst others.
I was looking to replace my 20-year-old cassette tape with the audio cd. But this cd just has several instrumental versions of the title song.There was nothing to clarify that on the item description when I ordered it. It was just listed with the group's other recordings, so you really couldn't tell the difference. (Maybe the "no image available" was the best clue, b/c I defintely wouldn't have ordered it if I had seen its generic cd cover in advance.)But I decided to keep it anyway. Since I'm a music director and it's the only song I ever play from the album, I'll probably be able to use the instrumental cd for an upcoming program.  Plus, I never heard of this cd company and it may have other stuff I can use.
I like the voice of the speaker, clearly and good to understand for me as english is not my mother-language.But the music is too loudly. Impossible to listen to the voice!  I'm so sorry.
This CD was not enjoyable to listen to. I like the songs, just did not like the way they were sung. Sadly disappointed....
The Hymn Makers produce wonderful, quality recordings of many of the beautiful old church hymns. In this MP3 version, however, something went very wrong. The Hymn Makers: Mighty to Save is supposed to contain hymns written by Herbert Booth and Albert W. T. Osborn which are all listed on the album.  Upon playing the album, I found that although it does indeed contain two of these songs, the rest have been  replaced with The Hymn Makers: Charles Wesley (Love Divine). I verified this when I compared these two albums which I had recently downloaded, song by song. You can also hear this for yourself if you listen online to the two albums side by side. It gets even stranger. Both iTunes and ChristianBook.com (CBD) have the same problem with their MP3 version of The Hymn Makers: Mighty to Save. Incredibly, I was able to find the correct MP3 version of the Hymn Makers Mighty to Save on the iTunes UK (United Kingdom) site. Unfortunately, since I don't live there, it won't let me make the purchase.
I admit it, I am a music bigot.  I enjoy a very limited spectrum of music.  Listening to Pandora, I heard their wonderful rendition of &#34;On Christ The Lord&#34; and thought, &#34;I need to check these guys out.&#34;  It turns out that most of their music is swift, booming boogie and not very inspiring at all.  To give them their due, they are excellent musicians who know how to sing a song with passion, but that is half their problem.  The passion goes into loud bass drums and fast-tempoed songs with a few words thrown in for spice.  Their cover shows a man's face in the throes of inspiration, or perhaps epiphany. The only epiphany I received from listening to their album was that they liked fast-moving music that reminds me of big band (and I hate big band) with an occasional slow down to sing one of those pearls without price that surprises everyone, probably including themselves.  If you like boogie, then you probably will like this album, but I do not and I did not.  I regret ever purchasing it.
With a very soothing voice I thought I would drift off immediately to sleep. You are asked to visualize a beautiful cozy cabin and a crackling fire in the fireplace. When her voice leaves you assumably asleep for 20 minutes you are abandoned to the sound of a very silly sounding crackling fire that  sounds more like a recording of a recording of an artificial fire. The sound of the wind is also provided and has a similar effect as the fire in the fireplace. Fortunately it was only a 99 cent wasted expenditure. There are some good sleep aid recordings available but this is not one of them.
If I belonged to this religion I would feel more comfortable listening to it. I ordered it by mistake and I did listen to it once. It makes sense.
The song did not follow traditional form. The background voices sang for most of the song and were too loud.
Not at all what I expected.  A very poor production..  May be my fault, I should have listened to it before buying.  But you kinow, it IS Whitney Houston!
I downloaded the short version of the bridal chorus on this album and was really disappointed. A song should NOT be listed as 57 seconds long when it contains over 10 seconds of silence between the "fade in" and "fade out"!
As far as worship goes, not a lot went into construction and the recording relies heavily on the candid moments it hopes to relay from authentic worship experiences.  I felt like this didn't translate for me, especially after hearing &#34;Time to Build&#34; as the first song from this album.  I expected more melodic, less repetitious pieces that helped me to engage outside of the context of when this was recorded.  Some moments are exclusive to their context, while others are so marvelous that they demand to be shared widespread.  This live album, however, did not hit that mark.  Enjoyed that Time to Build song though.
Was looking for original renditions of thiese Primary Songs. Wanted to play this for the children I take care of.
I was searching for some moving Celtic hymns.  After listening to the samples, this is not it.  This is all about the performance and not about the faith that moved these hymns to be written in the first place.  All grace-notes, no grace.  Oh, a lovely voice and fine instruments but soul-less.
Philmont's 'Oh Snap' is just okay. After two listens, I find that the album title has a bit more punch than the actual songs included on the release. Philmont has a rather familiar sound, similar to that of a mainstream band like Simple Plan, with the rock edge, the guitar riffs, the yelling/singing over loud instrumentals. At the end of this short collection of songs though ... none of it stands out or is particularly memorable. I was hoping for a variety of songs with different sounds, a bit more personality, something that set Philmont apart from other acts trying to make it big on the musical scene. Yet, this, in the end, simply bore me and while the songs had catchy moments, not one stood out as a runaway hit. In all, average but not particularly interesting.
I was expecting more.  Lots of good generic rock here, but nothing groundbreaking.  Reminds me of Jacob's Trouble a little.  No tracks stood out to me.Not bad.  Ok, to play in the background.  But nothing really caught my attention.
The quality of music is a highly subjective thing. What may be considered brilliant by one person could be called contrived by another. However, very little argument can be made in the favor of this group. Their music, drawing  on the work of previous pop-punk artists, brings little if anything new to the table. I listened to this disc only once, and have been unable to convince myself to do it again. It may certainly be to be found enjoyable by some, but I can not count myself among their number.
I don't know why I expected something funky, but I did. This was boring, mindless cookiecutter wannabe pop. After having it on for a while I realized I had no idea which track I was on - and that I had absolutely no interest in finding out.
I listened to the CD several times and while I liked the first tract I found that after the slow Second tract the rest on the CD sounded very much the same as the first with just different words.I thought that I might be an old stick in the mud so I let my 17 year old listen to it too.  He also thought it was nothing special.Since they are here in town, I may go see them live soon.  If I do and I change my opinion, I will give an updated rating here.
Presentation and documentation is poor. The mix is poor. The general feel of the product is not inspiring.  Not my best purchase.
The music is awesome as is all of Glsd's music, but I do not like the digital download at all. I do not like the pauses in the middle of the songs like I was listening to it on the internet. I wish I had purchased the CD instead.
I am not at all happy with the quality of the performing artists on  this album.  Not at all professional.  My money was wasted on this i
Unfirtunatly, NOT the best country Gospel CD.  Quite a few 'un-great' songs...many I've never heard.  Only a few were of sweet remeberance (and keep in mind I was raised on this music, from bluegrass to gospel).  So, it was not the best CD.
It was too nasal...I am .disappointed with the whole album...sorry...was looking forward to some good country gospel music...didn't get it.
This could have been a great CD but it is not. There is no variation, it sounds like a lot of static background if you turn it down low. I should have found something more diverse is sounds.
I loved it when I bought it but after playing it a few nights it would change to some kind of roar that doesn't help with sleep. Now it's developing dead spots.
this is the first time i order something like this. i got 2 cd's or sounds of nature by Joe Baker, level 1 and level 2.i listen to the level 1 cd "a calm and steady rain",(rain & relaxation) this cd was horrible pure noise and the sound of rain was way in the background i could hardly hear it.then i put the other cd level 2 and was really awesome like i was in the middle of a rain and tunder, it was so real, not like the the level 1.i don't recommend the level 1 cd.
I recently ordered this and a few other CD's for relaxation. I LOVE rain, love thunderstorms.... for me, they are simply relaxing. So far, I'm batting zero here. I REALLY wanted to love this CD. I tried but it honestly sounds like someone turned on the shower and audio taped it. I really didn't like it. When you first here it... for the first maybe 30 secs, to a minute..... you like it but it just never changes. Imagine a voice that is flat and just goes on and on, never changing.... that is this CD. Sorry Joe, wasn't for me. I'd like to hear real rain, it changes in it's sound, heavy, soft..........a little wind thrown in there........Still on the hunt for a CD that is as good as Stormy Seas..... ( it has music infused but AMAZINGLY relaxing)
There is no variation in rain sound so I didn't find it as soothing as I had expected. It was not useful in helping me settle down to sleep
It only had one hit song that I liked. I don't think the band did well but then it could be my taste. Arrived quickly.
This album shows the limits of "sampling" when the artists being sampled -- in this case Barack Obama and Dr. Martin Luther King -- are geniuses and the sample-ers are mediocre soft-pop musicians.
This one needs to be remixed.  The quality is so poor it is difficult to hear all the words.  I only gave a &#34;2&#34; rating out of courtesy to these fine gentlemen.
The narrator's voice isn't that soothing, and the breathing exercises are more monotonous than relaxing. Thee are better, more hypnotic breathing CDs out there.
I remember when this originally came out in 1997. I became a fan a few years earlier and this was the first new release by this band since I got into them. I was simultaneously stoked, and disappointed. The original album seemed to be a curve ball to everybody. This cd had a wide range of sound and it wasn't mixed very well and had lousy promotion.This reissue is superior to the original with a new (actually cool looking) album cover, and a simple rearranging of the song listing which made a big difference in the flow of the album. While this album never was, and will never be, the pinnacle of Tourniquet, it is an enjoyable listen.The only new track is an instrumental version of "If I Was There." I suppose Ted Kirkpatrick didn't feel that any live material would be worth while with this release, as with the other reissues. He was probably right.If you are thinking of replacing your Diadem Records version with this version, it IS worth it. However if you are not familiar with Tourniquet, may I recommend Vanishing Lessons, Where Moth and Rust Destroy, Pathogenic Ocular Dissonance, and Stop the Bleeding instead. Those albums are heavier, faster, and more alive. I think they did Crawl to China just so they could have some easy songs to play live.
I must admit, since I can't find the DVD here, I'll add my review of the DVD to this, soundtrack download.I'm somewhat of a student of John of the Cross, the 16th century mystic whose faith and mysticism I envy. My interest increased substantially when a Trappist monk gave me a copy of John's collected works a couple of decades ago. I can always learn more about him, and long to do so, so I purchased the DVD on John's life.First, Leonardo Defillipis plays literally half the roles in the story! I thought they all looked like him. Sure enough, in the credits at the end, half the names are his. And if there was a child in a role, he had the same name (the actor's son?) and a woman with the same name (wife?) It's almost comical. Narcissism? Who knows?Next, if you know anything about John, you know he was a little guy, about 4'11" tall. The actor is too tall for that. Do I know too much about John to make a sensible review? That's possible, but still...And he's taller than his contemporary Theresa of Avila. In real life, Theresa, a generation older than John, called him Chico. Again, he was a little guy! (I think the actress playing Theresa was another Defelippis!)Next, John is in essentially a dungeon for 8 months, and he looks as clean shaven and clean as when he entered. No, that's D-grade cinema.Oh, and did I mention that John's persecutor and John are played by the same actor, with amateur makeup?Then there's the "technical" dimension. Most DVDs these days have a means to find a scene, if, say, you fell asleep and want to return to the film later. This doesn't. That's mildly irritating.As to the music, long ago I reviewed the film "Gettysburg" with Martin Sheen. It's actually pretty well done. But there's so much music that it distracts the viewer from the history. The soundtrack in this film is so drippy it put me asleep.In short, if you're interested in John of the Cross, and maybe want to learn a little more about him in a medium other than a book, this ain't the medium to use. It's almost enough to get me to lose respect for John! It's not inappropriate if you want to bore some second graders, but it won't even stimulate their interest in the great poet and mystic.
I didn't care for the production of the CD.  I was looking for a reading of the Gospel of John, not a boardway production.
which I heard yesterday at the Village of Sherman Oaks. I loved it so much I bought the CD. However, the quality of the CD is very very poor.  It spoiled the music for me.  If I were you I would take it off the market until you can get  a better recording.My name is Esther Asimow, and my daughter is writing this for me since I can't use computers.
I returned this one twice because the music on the disc did not match the cover. Although the disc had the same design it did not go with the cover and the songs were not the same.
I'm sorry.  I wanted to like this CD.  However the changes in pitch that is incorporated into the Om chant are distracting.  The synthesizer leads and not the voice.  It should be the other way around.It is not meditative except in parts.  Also the voice is often off key or off pitch with the synthesizer.  There are better Om's out there.  I own many Om MP3s and this one is my least favorite.  I'm serious, I really tried to like it.  I have listened to it 3 times.  I'll listen some more, and give it another chance.  My all time favorite:  Gopika Poornima: AUM.  I got it from iTunes and do not know if it is available from Amazon.
The version of these songs are very... church-y.  If you're looking for new, lively, and modern music, these version are not it.  If you're looking for new lyrics in songs that are similar to other church songs, then this will work for you.
Some of the songs were as inspiring as I expected, but i didn't like the men voices. Too professional, not moving.
Sound quality is mediocre as are many of the performances. Yet, at the price, what else should you expect. For the uninitiated to the classics or wishing classical background music as you do something else, this is fine. Best listened to by selecting tracks at random.
The main tune in the preview is by Kevin Macleod and is called "Deliberate Thought". You can get it for free from his website at[...]
I really wanted this to work but the music just keeps my brain way too busy. It's way too upbeat for me to sleep to. I recommend "Probably The Best Music For Relaxation and Meditation" available on Amazon.
I actually like the tune. The repetitiveness and it being being a little upbeat gets my mind away from bouncing around all of the issues, problems, tasks, irritations, etc. that tend to accumulate during the day.  But, I've had some projects where I was up late and had to get to work early and not much of a chance of getting more than about 4 or 5 hours of sleep. Putting this on a loop you'd think that I'd wake up feeling liked I'd slept 8 hours but that's not happening.  Still just as tired, sluggish, etc. as ever.  So, if it works for you, great, but I think the title is a bit of puffery so let the buyer beware. On the bright side, for 99 cents it might be worth a shot and you might like the tune.
The music is beyond great, but the quality of the disk is beyond bad. When you record such a magnificent composition with tremendously talented musicians, there should be no stops and starts and breaks. This cd blipped on and off. Similar to some, black market recordings. No publisher or recording agent listed on the jacket or place of recording. Nothing to identify who made the cd or distributed the work. Would not recommend purchase.
Maybe it works, but I just couldn't put myself through listening to this once a day.  It sounds like a cd skipping over and over.
When I clicked on it to buy, the description said &#34;Jesus, Lover Of My Soul (Bonus Stereo Trax).&#34; Only after I had downloaded did I find that it is only the accompaniment.
tHE RECORDING SOUNDS LIKE IT WAS COPIED FROM VERY VINTAGE TAPES.  tHE RECORDING IS NOT EVEN CLEAR IN SOME SPOTS.  WOULD NOT BUY MORE.
I brought this CD as a gift to my aunt, who fell in love with this song ever since it came onto the radio a while back. However to my dismay, when the package finally came, we learned that this was not even the right CD. Two unknown artists -though they sounded pretty decent- sang the song and the artwork of the CD showed that this was merely a 'cover' of Bebe and CeCe's song, whereas when you look at the posting here online, it doesn't indicate that and there's actually no picture provided for said CD.All in all, if you're looking for the Bebe and CeCe Winans version, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME/MONEY AND DO NOT ORDER THIS CD.
Unfortunately, Sidewalk Prophets sounds like any other CCM MercyMe wannabe. I was hopeful after reading an article on the Dove Awards yesterday, but alas.
This is not the Oak Ridge Boys we know now, this is an older version of the group, not particularly good.
I've been pretty disappointed with just about every release since Upton's first live album.  There is definitely not enough mention of upside down tornadoes in this album.
The first five songs someone else is singing, not Tennessee Ernie Ford. Tennessee Ernie Ford is my favorite singer, but I feel not all of this CD is him singing.
Don't get me wrong - this is a great album - probably better than the first two Mastedon albums.  The problem is that it is not as good as the third Mastedon album.  In fact it is the same as the third album - except it is missing one song.Perhaps the issue is that Mastedon 3 is an import only?  But I bought 3 and then bought this cd thinking I was getting two different cds.  Instead I got one cd for the price of two!So, in my experience, this album was a complete waste - useless.  Unnecessary.  Not intentional on Mastedon's part, I am sure.  But, for me this was a waste of money.If you can get "3" it has the Dust in the Wind track, so "3" is preferable.Sorry to gripe too much - but I wouldn't want anyone else to waste good money on a duplicate cd which simply has another name.  Couldn't they have called this one "3" as well?
I find that free music at the time of purchase can be a novitaly. I'm not a fan of this song. For myself I prefer more tradtional hymns and easy listening music.
When I saw the title of this track I said to myself &#34;I have to get this&#34;  It looked so inviting. One minute after playing it, I regret my decision. The songs are long and boring and just makes no sense. I wish I could delete it from my device.
thought it was a different set so , sorry for the rating.. not fair i know
I wanted the CD Marvin Sapp made this CD says song made famous by Marvin Sapp.  Marvin Sapp is not singing on the CD at all, I Was very disappointed.  The song is played twice no vocal, and once with some one else singing and that's all that is on the CD.
The music is beautiful and I plan to use it for my yoga class.  The problem is with how the tracks were created.  Track 2 is really a continuation of the music from Track 1.  But Track 1 doesn't fade out.  It just ends so it sounds like you didn't get the whole song.  Track 2 picks up where Track 1 left off. The transitions with all the tracks are the same.  They just cut off in the middle of a song.  In order to use the music, I had to put the tracks back together eliminating the track transitions with an audio editor.
This CD is absolutely beautiful and so anointed, but if you get the MP3 downloads, which I did, the songs stop abruptly to go to the next song instead of a continuous flow that Julie True intended. It disrupts the flow on the music! This is the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 5 stars. I would recommend buying the CD instead of getting the MP3 download.
Good, but repetitive, and all these songs I've heard before.  If she can do more songs, and have more than 3 words repeated constantly in them then her voice could really be showcased...because there's no doubt that Kierra's talented.
Thought this would be more one the lines of her work with Indelible Grace, but it is more mellow and melancholy.
I am a Reiki Master, and know what the meaning of Cho Ku Rei is.  I was shocked when I was listening to this and all of a sudden it came to an abrupt stop and the next song immediately started.  Reiki is very calming, soothing and far from abrupt.  I would expect the music to be the same.  So while the music is good, I have no desire to be startled every time I listen to this.  I'm so glad that I didn't have this playing while treating a client because it would have scared the crap out of them!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I already had Sista' Monica's "Sweet Inspirations" album and bought this one hoping it was similar. We use her music at our church services. "Singin' In The Spirit" is more like a recording from a church service, not as good in my humble opinion as her other works. She is a powerful singer and this album does not do her even begin to display her very talented voice.Buy "Sweet Inspirations" by Sista' if you want a true inspirational experience.Sweet Inspirations
I found the waves crashing to be too loud and not relaxing.  I would relax and then a wave crashed and you woke up.
I tried to sleep while listing this tape, but it's more annoying than soothing. Some people may still like it, but I definitely did not enjoy it.
I was looking for something to help my son stay asleep at night.  The crackling of the fire was extremely loud and sounded very unnatural.  It was not very calming to me.
Firstly, let me say I really enjoy a lot of the albums in the Catholic Classics collection.  This one, however, just seemed like a ploy to make money.  A lot of the songs on this album are not Catholic.  Yes, they are often used at Life Teen Masses, but they are not Catholic songs.  Secondly, as a former youth minister, let me assure you, the arrangement of the songs on this album would not appeal to Catholic teenagers.  This album is more for middle aged adults who are interested in learning Praise & Worship songs that are often heard at teen Masses.
As much as I like his behind the glory cd, this cd wasn't that great. They are a few decent tracks still though.
the album was very, very disappointing; I expected much more; if I had the opportunity to return it for refund--I would
I was excited to get the CD, but very disappointed.  The chirping sounds of the crickets was very high pitched and fast, and far from relaxing.  I kept listening to see if the sound would change, but the entire CD is the same repetititve chirping sound.  I wish I could have listened to a sample before  buying the DC.Kathy from  Philadelphia
She's won 39 Dove Awards, five Grammy Awards, four Billboard Music Awards and became a Gospel Music Hall of Fame inductee in 2004. Sandi Patty's new album,The Edge of the Divine, has one or two more edgy, pop songs but the rest remain a softer, more contemporary style.The album starts with Faith Dancing, it is the most edgy song on the album. It has a younger feel to it. The song's lyrics have a strong worship message; "It's time to get your faith dancing. Cause joy is shouting Hope is rising and Love is reaching."The messages are good throughout her album but the music is much easier accepted by older generations. Patty's career started with her first album coming out in 1979. She has performed with many different Christian artists, which began by singing backup to the Bill Gaither Band.
This is by far the worse Sandi Patty I have ever listened to. Let's face it and just call a spade a spade - I know the rest of the reviewers think well of this album, and I have been a Sandi fan since as long as I can remember (I own all her albums), and I listened to this particular one many times before settling down to review it, but I think Ms Patty seems to be losing her grip. She used to sing songs which were in themselves ministry, but now her songs sound rather hollow in terms of their message, lacking both in poetry and profundity. Also, although admittedly no one can keep hitting the notes she once did, I would expect that Ms Patty would remain erudite as to the type of song she would choose to sing, and come up with better arrangements that would showcase her vocal dexterity and prowess (although not the pitch), but the songs in this album sound like that they could be sung by ANYONE who can hold a key. I think part of the problem lies with Ms Patty's tendency to release at least an album a year for these past few years now! Come on ... anyone who does that would, after a while, result in his or her songs suffering in quality (Mariah Carey is a classic case). And what is with Ms Patty's continuous inclusion of used materials? She has done that in the last few albums already! I hope Ms Patty will be more conscientious of the next material she releases, guided by a lot of prayers and a lot of thought.
Many of the songs cut off in the middle.  At first I thought it was my download but the time of song is the same on my media player as it is here on the album.  Very disappointing.  Great music just not complete songs.
Pass on this version, folks. There are enough other ones out there (one of which I'm going to buy right now).
Postage for quick delivery was a shock.  The amount  was not explained to me, a new customer.  I love Nicol, and I love her voice.  I just didn't like her selection of songs....as I most always LOVE Selah's selections.  I'm too old, I guess.
I grew up in Oklahoma City.  I've gone to the Passion events, but this album lacks the authenticity of Charlie's older works.  "Single-minded, whole-hearted...", "Madly in Love with you...", and many of Charlie's other earlier classic worship songs have somehow gone from true faith to something 'other'.  I can't put my finger on it, but it has too many bells and whistles and has strayed from what Charlie once was...
i was very disappointed in this album. i think smitty is trying too hard to be young again. i love the more mature songs like the ones on  worship, worship again, healing rain, etc. he also sounds so country on "wonder" the way he says words. i really can't give an example because i haven't listened to it except once or twice since i bought it. anyone looking for worship or spiritually moving songs will not find them on here. i bought the cd off his website without hearing any samples because i had never been disappointed in him. i would like to see him go back to the type songs he sings the best.... the kind that puts you smackdab in the middle of God's presence.
I am personally acquainted with a member of this group and I love his music, but unfortunately, despite his efforts and talent which are not well exhibited herein, are for naught.  The lyrics are often unintelligible, the melodies are boring and repetitious, and the recording quality is marginal.  I am sad because I know these young folks are greatly inspired but it is not demonstrated here.
the shipping was fast.When I ordered the product is was said that the condition was good.However, the case was not in a good condition.The plastic cover was broken.Not really pleasing to receive.
I've been a huge fan of Caedmon's Call for nearly a decade.  They're music was simply superior to any other Christian group out there.  In the Company of Angels remains one of my favorite all-time albums of any band.But I agree with another reviewer that I don't know where this band is going, and it isn't good IMO.  The music and lyrics of this album are inferior to past albums.  Cliff Young is their best singer, and he's not heard much.  And worse, they're heart for worship just isn't there anymore.Caedmon's Call --- if you read this review --- I love you guys for the great music over the past decade and more.  But this albums stinks.  Return to whatever you were doing and whoever you were working with, because I'm going to have to listen to the next album closely before I buy it.
I have always loved Caedmon's Call and I was extremely excited that they were finally releasing a new album. However, I was very disappointed with this new album Raising Up The Dead. I do not like the sound or direction of this album. I guess I will continue to listen to my older Caedmon's CDs and leave this one alone. I am a disappointed long time fan.
As one of Michael W. Smith's biggest fans, and also a bluegrass affectionado, when I saw this in the store the other day I was genuinely excited.  However, I have been pretty disappointed in what I've heard. Overall, the album is lackluster and has an "easy-listening" feel to it.  Secondly, there are no vocals, and MWS' music really isn't his without them.  Thirdly, there are at least five tracks on the album that aren't even MWS songs.  Sure, MWS recorded "Awesome God," but if I were Rich Mullins, I'd be offended that one of his most famous songs is on an MWS tribute album, since it was him that made it famous and not Smith.  The same goes for "Breathe" and "Above All", which MWS recorded, but are not necessarily "associated" with him.  All it would have taken was to poll some fans before hitting the studio and this would have been avoided.On the plus side, the music is extremely meditative, as I alluded to with my "easy listening" comment.  Therefore, it makes for good calming ambiance music. If that's what you're looking for, you'll not be disappointed, but for authentic MWS and authentic bluegrass, look elsewhere.
Darrell Evans is an amazing singer and songwriter, but this album was a bit disappointing. I definately miss the Darrell Evans of Let The River Flow and Freedom and You Are I Am.
Maybe it is too soon to tell, doesn't work for me, or what. Don't you have to first believe it in your own head in order for it to work? I bought so many from this creator, it is hard to give them all equal time. And, if so, how do you know which program was the one that worked?
I prefer music to these birds, which sound very annoying to me.  Plus, the annoying message at the beginning AND the end...no more Binaural Beat for me!!
the quality of this song was awful and a waste of money. The YouTube version is so much b...ette. Bad buy on my part
NO speech, words or anything  ONLY a 1h long nature loop. There are no descriptions for these, they present it as a cd that has subliminal quotes with a backround of waves or nature. It is just waves or nature. It was my misinterpretation I guess and I will take responsiblity. Still giving it two stars. All it does is make me have to pee.
First I have to say I love the music; I have heard it all on my i-Phone.  I ordered the CD to hear it in my home via my CD player.  Yes, I have an older CD player.  Here's the problem: the CD has a bar code on its identifying top side.  I have never seen a CD with a bar code on it.  That being the difference between the subject CD and the other 150 CDs I play, I have to believe that the bar code is responsible for the fact that it will not play at the unit for which it was purchased.  I think it is AMAZing that AMAzon doesn't understand my complaint.  For the first time ever - I am not happy with the CD nor am I able to contact the singer or her company unless of course I join FACEBOOK-but that won't happen.MMH
The CD has a LOT of songs but only a stanza or 2 of each. So it goes from one song into the next and leaves you wondering where the rest of the song is. I really don't like it!
It was not as powerful as previous CD's. He usually makes me have chill bumps but these songs were short and weak.
The playing is sort of amateurish, like playing by the ear and not by the music notation. If you are familiar with the hymns you will notice quite a number of wrong notes and misses on rests etc. Ok for leisure listening though but not for meditation.
do not like at all.feel like i wasted my money.it has music that is not what i call relaxing.would not give as a gift
A disappointing recording of some excellent works. The performance quality is not what I expected. This is the type of album that people who live in the area where these gents live would be proud to have because of the local collection. As an album for mass distribution, the skill of the singers is not up to par. They sing with heart, and this is appreciated, but the skill level does not match the passion.
I became acquainted with Sovereign Grace Music two years ago at -Worship God-, a worship conference that they host. I was overwhelmed by the depth of the lyrics and the music that gave it breath. Unfortunately in my opinion -Risen- though sound theologically, is horrible musically.It's not that these songs aren't singable, it's just that they aren't good musically. I plan on attending -Worship God- this year, and hope to find the live versions/tweaking to be a little less boring.Maybe I need to digest this album more, but as it stands there is no All I Have is Christ, The Fathers Love, Completely Done, I Will Glory in My Redeemer, or Jesus Thank You on this album.I really hope that SG figures out where they went wrong here, maybe overproducing/too much micromanaging and not enough freedom for the songwriters? Just a guess...
Had high hopes for this album. It's not terrible, it's just that I was expecting more. Had a lot of songs which I skip. Still some good tracks on it.
I was a little disappointed....lots of "what are you grateful for" and pauses. Birds chirping, deep male voice, not particularly inspiring to me....only 99 cents. I has hoping for some more positive statements or something, a slower more relaxing voice.
First, let me preface this by saying that Sojourn is a great ministry full of talented artists.  Isaac Watts has written some of the most inspiring hymns the church has.  Mixing these two things together can only be good.  My review has nothing whatever to do with the lyrical content of the songs - it is solid and awesome, without exception.  I'm only focusing on music here.Like the other commenters, I really like Sojourn's music. "Over the Grave" was my 'gateway' to Sojourn and I was very eager to see what the second volume of Isaac Watts hymns would sound like.  Unfortunately, not being much of a blues fan, I have a really hard time getting into this album.  Aside from my own preferences, I still gave it several careful listens to write a review.  I have to conclude: this album is also not half as musically diverse as "Over the Grave."  It does sound earthy, as other commenters suggested - a little too earthy - and also just plain slow, boring and predictable. With one or two exceptions ("Compel My Heart to Sing"), gone are the creative, unexpected progressions of "Living Faith" and "Refuge."Sorry, Sojourn - I deeply love a lot of your music, but where did the fire and energy go? Some of the music also hit my ears as wildly incongruous with the lyrics - "Let the Seventh Angel Sound" is a song about the triumph and terror of the last day, but the music sounds like a silly Blues Traveler jam session.
This CD has a feel and sound that is different from other JMT music. There is way too much over orchestrating and digital sounding effects that ruin some of these songs. They would be much better with just his guitar and voice instead of the pop sounding noise that overtakes many of these. I've tried to listen to it several times and I come away thinking , "Wow this really is not what I want to hear. " Sorry I spent the money.
While some of these pieces are well done, I found the variety of pformance styles to be too diverse for listening to this album as a whole.
it's as if these songs are treated as some sort of musical exercise with no regard for the message. The instrumental pieces are especially lacking per nacho's comments.
The download of the music was fine, however after listen to all the songs I was made aware of why it was free
I wanted to find the old gospel songs that my husband likes so much.I found a couple, but not the ones I expected to find. A little disappointed.
One can certainly appreciate the content of the beloved hymns offered here, but with all due respect to previous reviews and the album's contributors, there's not a lot to commend these interpretations.With the exception of the warm and reverent "Near the Cross", the group Savae, performs several rather sterile and perfunctory tracks that offer lifeless arrangements featuring vocalists that display truly modest talent.Meanwhile, Ben Bowen King's various guitar instrumentals are largely indistinguishable from one another rendering the timeless melodies of the hymns all but lost in his arrangements. The same could be said for the two tracks attributed to Gaelic Strings.The music and message of great Gospel hymns is eternal...this admirable but flawed effort, not so much.
...like other reviews stated, this is a totally new direction for YA.I don't know why they would go this extreme and try to be this different.This is far from the YA we've come to know and love.Oh well... I will be listening to her old work.
I was very disappointed in this cd.  I expected more of the old Yolanda.  I purchased this cd because of the song that was played on the radio.  I thought the rest of the cd would appeal to me as well.  It didn't.
Save your money on this one!  She has a few...and I mean very few, nice songs but the rest don't even sound like something she would make.  Trust me on this one for I have just about every cd she has put out but sorry to say, this one will never be played again.
This was the worst purchase I ever made by Yolanda Adams. Not worth the money I paid. There was only one song worth listening to. She is a very great gospel singer and I am really surprised at the body of work.
I am very disappointed in this Cd. I definitely expected more from this artist.  Maybe it is a phase the company is going through.
My favorite songs on here are Be still and overwhelming love. The 1st song on the album has a very nice track that reminds me of one of tweets songs but it doesn't seem to pan out to be 100% off the chain. It seems like there is something missing from the 1st track. Some of the other songs are just ok. I've only had the album for a week and sometimes it takes me some time to get used to an album. However, this was not a favorite album like her last album where nearly every song was a hit. Hopefully, next time she drops an album, I can preview it on Amazon like I normally do to see if the album is hittin before I purchase it because this album just did not do it for me. However, my two favorite songs on here are perfect and I will be rewinding those songs.
It was not one of her better projects.  Did not enjoy it as much as I've enjoyed her previous work.
"The Mass of Renewal" debuted today as the new setting for the ordinary for Sunday Mass at my parish. We all had the "Assembly booklet" tucked into the hymnals with the music for "Mass of Renewal". After so much anticipation and hopes of beautiful, traditional chant type music to go with the improved translation of the Mass, I almost cried when I heard this. Our choir is good, but "Mass of Renewal" was inane and it upset me, because it's the Holy Mass. I made weak efforts to try to sing it but although I sight-read okay I didn't find this immediately easy to figure out and gave up due to active dislike of the music. At home after Mass I tried to find what others are saying; one commenter on a music forum website said it was the kind of music he liked to listen to in his car, but not at Mass. There are 4 Masses at my parish and one of them is a praisenworship Protestant pop music Mass, all I can think is that they may have chosen a Mass setting that they thought would work with that Mass and also be useable for the more normal Masses. If you have to have a praise & worship Mass for some reason, this is fine. But there have got to be far better choices for normal Masses. Why let the unusual praise & worship Mass control the liturgical music of other Masses? I think if people would stop ignoring the wisdom we have from the Church via Vatican II etc that Gregorian Chant should have pride of place in the Mass and be the guiding influence for fitting liturgical music, the Church would really be better off.
I think it is great that they took the time to make a Christian workout sound track but...They trashed some very good songs in this mix. Some of the vocals are VERY BAD.Also the tempo is the same for almost all the songs. Rather than 50 songs it sounds like one VERY LONG ONE.Not what I was looking for, but better than nothing.
This download is missing 3 songs from the album. Still save $.90 compared to downloading separately, but it is annoying to find out after the fact...
I love the violet flame but there are things in here that I find silly, like after the violet flame activation you can only pass the violet flame to three people in seven days. I send the violet flame all the time to anyone I think needs it. Alst you need three crystals that the description dosen't tell you about so you start listening and you don't have them.
just the music, not the video... my bad, but it is not what I thought I was getting.... I'm disappointed
I didn't read the description closely, and thought this was for the video.  So I was disappointed because I downloaded an item I will never use.  My fault, not the products.
Can anyone point me to where/who/what is the United Christian Life United Choir?  I cannot find any reference to an actual choir of this name anywhere.  Thanks.
I find it a distraction as the music is very plain in tone and does not sound like the live  Gregorian CHANT that I have heard..
I saw Marti live and loved her music and voice. I purchased this album hoping for more of that same sound. The songs start off nice but then she inserts loud electronic segments that jolt you out of the beauty of the meditative sounds. Totally ruins the songs. Too bad because she was really good live without all the loud electronic noise.
I down loaded this for free and paid to much. Brutal christian rock and wannabe rockers. Faux reggae, faux metal, faux rock. The lyrics are all goopy about Jesus and God and Christ.  A couple of OK instrumentals but when ever the singers open their mouths, they spout creepy religious babble.
These people took some wonderful old wax cylinder recordings by a vocal group called "The Carol Singers" and destroyed the sound, using heavy-handed noise reduction, equalization, and REVERB.  They so distorted the sound that the recordings no longer sound like the originals.  THEN, to top off their evil deed, they CHANGED THE NAME OF THE GROUP.  This group recorded during World War I as "The Carol Singers"; but here on this cd they are called "The Old Time Christmas Carol Singers".  That is disrespectful.Some Easter songs by the same group can be found on another mp3 collection at Amazon,Old Time Easter: Songs and Hymns Of The Early 1900s, in this case with their original name and without reverb.I have to mention another track in this collection, the track by Santa Claus.  So much reverb was used in the processing that he really, truly sounds as though he is singing in a cave.  I keep wondering what Santa Claus is doing in a cave.
3 minutes in his constant REEEEEELAAAAX your _____ began to grate on me. How can I relax if you keep saying RELAX in a loud tone and then following it up with random body parts. Not relaxing in the least. I cut it off 8 minutes in and went to another MP3.
This is an incredible chance to meditate with either silently or out loud and achieve inner peace.  I have added this to my meditation practice and it is helping me in both my inner and outer life.
I first heard their songs on Pandora and enjoyed them so figured I'd buy the album. Only to find out that about half the album was missing! I feel so cheated.
I thought it was a little hard to hear.  And I didn't care for the 'tinkling background music'.  But still - it is soothing - and makes one think about what it was like when Jesus walked the Earth.  So for me - it was okay.
It is weird when you think you are going to hear a particular song and it starts playing a different one.For example, &#34;I feel like travelin' on&#34; does not play but instead an instrumental of another song.I think the instrumental playing is &#34;I will hasten to Him&#34; or whatever the actual name of the song but you are not hearing &#34;I feel like travelin' on&#34;.You will actually hear that song,&#34;I feel like travelin' on&#34; when you click on the song, &#34;I shall not be moved&#34;. Most of the songs play under the right title but these are two examples of wrong titles to some songs.
I use a lot of binaural systems for my anxiety and depression and they have helped.  This one didn't do anything to help me want to lose weight.  I am still eating healthy and exercising, but taking pain meds and HRT at my age doesn't make it easy to lose weight and was hoping this might help the brain to be changed.  Didn't work for me.
No evidence that this has any subliminal systems working for weight loss. The sounds are the same for several programs under different titles.
So far I have listened for 2 weeks and gained 4 pounds? I like the sounds.  Maybe I will try it again.
I only got the last 7 songs. All 40 were not on album. Quality that was on album was good.
It has quite a few good songs but some are just music no words. I like to hear the singing
Most of these are only portions of the songs, such as 1 verse and the chorus.  I would prefer the entire song.  Also, many are done with a &#34;country feel&#34; to them, not the traditional music you would hear in church.  I downloaded it to have songs for senior citizens to sing along with, and it isn't a hit.  Was glad I downloaded it from amazon though as i-tunes was 3 times the price.
Although I have not finished all the meditations, I am disappointed. Meditations are very short. It is NOT Deepak Chopra himself. Alot of talking and explanation that is not inducive to meditation. I find myself sitting with my eyes closed for about 10 minutes before they even begin with the guided meditation. Not very clear. They ask questions like "Who are you" . I was not sure if I was supposed to be thinking of the answer (whicH I couldn't answer) or just repeating the question itself. I find myself getting very annoyed during meditation. I've never had that happen before. Deepak has better meditations on youtube. about 30-40min long that he directs you through a guided, thorough meditation.
Being a fan of christian karaoke, and also the music of Steven Curtis Chapman, I was excited to find a karaoke track of his catchy song "Long Way Home".  After listening to this version however, there were 2 major problems I discovered immediately:  1) the melody changes tempo during the chorus (I think it's the chorus anyway), and 2) it lacks background vocals - something this song relies heavily upon to give it its catchy fun sound.  I later discovered the company who produced this track doesn't add background vocals to most if not all of their releases so I guess I will have to let that one go.Bottom line:  if you're looking for a karaoke/accompaniment track of this song, don't pick this version. Hopefully other companies will produce a track to this song instead (none have yet as of this writing).
Well, this cd was honestly a big letdown. As typical with most Christian rap, the lyrics were ok but the music quality is not up to par for today's standards. It seems like i could have made some of these tracks on my computer, there was just not that professional quality sound that I was looking for. I love Christian rap but usually only Reach Records ever makes the quality music I'm looking for. I support what these artists on the cd are doing, but music today is too expensive for me to spend money on such low quality music.
This project truly conveys the heart, soul, and labor of a very gifted individual. From beginning to end the production, mixing, mastering, and vocals flow seamlessly. Music masterfully executed and lyrically sound. A project likened to a Quincy Jones masterpiece. Awesome job!Many blessings and great things to come for V. George Smith.-Megan AshleyAshleyRene Ent.P.S.I GIVE THIS PROJECT 5 STARS AND HIGHER!!!AMAZON ISN'T ALLOWING ME TO CLICK THE HIGH RATINGS...IT CHOSE 2 STARS FOR ME.
Sad.. Must be a new cover on an older album I already had... Songs were mostly identical .  If you don't have another like it, it's a nice album
Love Zacardi voice but can easily get tired of listening to his songs and the way he sings. Every run is pretty much the same and in some ways can sound like a broken record.
Thought I was getting the real song by the artist as the title was deceptive.  Thats just how you learn how things work I guess.
I should have listened to more of the samples before buying. There are so many musical styles represented here (urban/black gospel, southern gospel, old-time solo-driven songs, and straight hymns) and they just seem to be thrown together without much thought. Some of the songs are familiar and some completely obscure. Some of the arrangements are OK and some are pretty awful. It is hard to listen to the album straight through. And, unfortunately, the recording quality is really poor on some selections, especially those of the St. John Church of God In Christ Choir, where it sounds like they recorded in an echo chamber. In the end, even though there are a few nice selections, I wish I had not spent the money.
I previewed their album a couple times to try to catch the foundation of their message, and it seemed okay to me. Plus i liked their beats. But then i downloaded it and am not nearly as happy as i thought i'd be to have it. The fact that they titled this "Mainstream" is actually really accurate, unfortunately. If you came here searching for a Scripture-filled album, you might go elsewhere. These guys boast almost as much as any SECULAR rapper! Sadly enough, they get terribly cocky about their skills on the mic and how they could easily make it Mainstream yet choose to be here. WOW, thank you for gracing us with your presence.... and humility, G.A! How glad God must be to have you on His side, helping Him out lol.There are a couple tracks i do like: Perfect Fall & Private Failure, & Come As U R is also good. These are the only humble tracks. Most, if not all, have so much self in the lyrics that it makes me want to vomit when i hear them mention the LORD mixed in. He's almost secondary to them & their "talent", riches or fame which they've so graciously overlooked now that they "know Christ". Celebrity is ironically a very self-centered track despite what they tried to do with it, as is SuperStraight, Mainstream, Overrated, Heaven... and even Jesus Piece- still trying to figure that one out!! ("But you just can't get past my diamonds"). Really guys?? Also, they try to rap so fast to sell & impress everyone that they forget we can't understand half of it unless we keep pausing & unpausing.I almost couldn't be more disappointed with yet another arrogant, lost, rap group. God doesn't NEED you or your 100MPH rapping to reach the the masses or the Body of believers. Sorry G.A.
Was not at all what I expected...I did not like it, i think it's name it claim it kind of teaching
I couldn't believe this actually came from the Monroe Institute. First of all, they have a verbal warning at the beginning that the recording could actually cause seizures and mental problems(?) I've used many Hemi-Sync products from the Monroe Institute and was not really concerned and have had no bad effects, but this has no effects at all as far as binaural beat or other mind altering sound is concerned. It just sounds like a regular nature CD/mp3 without any kind of brainwave entrainment. If I just wanted that, there are many mp3s here just as good or better for 99 cents. And it's not really useable as an overpriced nature CD if you like to use replay because of the long verbal warning at the beginning. Everything about this including the art on the cover is not up to the standards of the Monroe Institute.I just realized that all the Hemi-Sync products say what they are supposed to do on the cover whereas this does not claim to induce brainwave entrainment or meditative states, but warns it could cause seizures and to contact a physician before listening! My mistake for buying...
Typically it's not cool to offer a negative review on a Christian artist or CD.  This project is mediocre at best.  Nothing personal...just not catchy or interesting.
I didn't &#34;hate&#34; this album, it's just not my style. However I can see where a lot of people would like/enjoy it quite a bit. I guess I'm just not into rap.
It's not what I was expecting. I heard 2 songs before I bought the album, and those are the only two songs that I like.
Deleted from my phone---- wasn't impressed at all... the only reason I gave 2 stars because she has a nice voice....
Saw Gordon my concert at our Church.  Great life story and testament, & truly enjoyable to be in the presence of, but recordings have dropped drastically.  Only 2-3 familiar & 2-3 oldies.
Ok, I know my rating may seem a little harsh, but let me explain. I happened to stumble upon this album as I was browsing Amazon and this CD or MP3 album (for you tech savvy listeners out there) unfortunately has little to offer to the music industry. I have long since been waiting for the day a Christian artist would take music to a new level for that specific genre. Unfortunately this is again, another let down. I like the message these songs produce, however, I fear few will ever hear them as the lead singer in many songs sounds as if he is trying to hard to sing the music, thereby instilling a rather karaoke-ish sound and feel throughout many songs in the album. I feel the singer has the potential to be a great musician, however, he needs to let the music come freely as he feels it, not drag it out from the pit of his soul by it's legs. Beyond that, it would be nice for a change if a Christian artist would take music to new heights by incorporating more skilled musicians for the guitar and a more knowledgeable approach to key signatures and timing. What I would like to hear is a Christian artist whose accompaniment had knowledge comparable to musicians such as Phil Keaggy. I want to be blown away by a Christian artist on the radio like I have been never before. I will continue my search for that artist in this genre that makes all artists before him obsolete.
Just what we need: Kirtana set to second-rate techno and house music.  Can't see how anyone, except maybe the most gullible of New Age types, would fall for this sort of commercialized nonsense.
I love the title track, &#34;Need You Now&#34;, it is a beautiful song.  Many of the rest are just too grainy and hard edged in style, not to my taste at all.  I recently saw Plum on the Winter Jam tour, and was also disappointed,  many of the vocals were screamed rather than sung.
i thought this was a christian cd. it turns out that only one song on this cd is a christian song. the rest of the songs are mostly about relationships.
I expected more from Mr Gardner and so I bought this album without thinking twice. I had been waiting on it to drop badly. Boy was I in for a rude awakening!Just a punch of auto-tuning and every song being a repeat of the previous song. They all sound the same  Wow.....I'm so sad 'In my opinion of buy, try, or don't buy....I say try. Sample every song several times before making a decision to buy.To me, the best song on the album is a touch up of one of his old songs "closer". sigh....
Not what i expected. Liked two songs a lot and two more were ok. The rest i could ignore. regret buying it.
I was hoping my Husband would find me irresistible and get off the couch and do my dishes, sweep my floors but NOTHING.  SAD FACE :-(On the plus side the music is uber relaxing I listen to it at night before bed :-)
Item defective. does not sound the way it should. tapping noise on most tracks which is to bad because I love the songs.
If you're into alternative healing modalities then you may think this album may offer some assistance by way of "becoming a healer", or strengthening your existing abilities as one. The latter was what I was thinking about when I made the purchase.Here are a few of the affirmations that are on the list I received...Every day my body heals itself.Every day I am getting healthier and stronger.As I take control of my mind, I take control of my body and health.Every day my health improves immensely.Every day I visualize perfect health and well being entering my body.I am my own best doctor.As you can see, a more suitable title might be "Experience Optimal Health and Well-Being". So, if this is what you're seeking then this album is for you. In-joy!
I don't get the jest of this. I listened to this various times and got a big fat blank.I can't say i hate it Maybe with my bad health and disability, maybe that big fat blank meant to be that way. But,I question everything, &#34;WHY?&#34;
Chelsea Moon has a lovely voice and i first heard 2 of her songs on youtube. I really like her version of &#34;What wondrous Love&#34; and i assumed all her songs would be similar to that song and the fact that they were all going to be hymn covers aided my decision in buying it. But as i downloaded the entire album and played them straightaway, i discovered that they were really similar to country or folkie music or something for the most part. it was too fast paced and loud for my taste. When i did finally hear the album version of &#34;What Wondrous Love&#34; i was disappointed to discover drums in the background whereas the video didn't include that.In my personal opinion, hymns are fine without drums.They stand beautifully alone without them. If i wanted to hear secular music, i would have looked into Hillsong. I was hoping to discover a modern and fresh approach to favorite and classic hymns without its integrity being destroyed.The Franz brothers are very talented i can tell through the videos on youtube. But I pray that the three can worship God with their given talents the Lord's way and not our way. Remember, both Cain and Abel were worshipping God, but only one did it God's way while the other did it his way with his own talents.When it comes to music, much prayer and fasting should be practiced.I hope one day she does put out a volume 3 without the noise.I give it 2 stars cuz i only liked 2 or 3 songs and lost money to this album that i can't return.
Many of these songs, while great karaoke tracks, have no background vocals (not lead vocals) where appropriate.  Would be a better value if they had them.
Music wasn't that great and neither was the performance.  Words were reasonable, but daughter wouldn't listen to it or consider it any from of &#34;replacement&#34; for her current appetite of country western music.  (which in this mom's opinion, has questionable lyrics, morals, and stars in the mix!)
This album seemed to have been 'put together quickly'. There is a song that the leader's voice is hoarse; it ws painful to hear him try to belt out the notes. I do like the shouting song 'Wait'. I bought this album not knowing the artists- I do this occasionally to find new stuff that may never get radio play . I am disappointed that the sound recording quality appears poor. Maybe the goal was not to make a musical splash and was just to have a 'Goodtime'- true to its name.
This project for me is not strong enough to purchase. I look for music that is not old or rehashed, or homemade. While this project will bless many people and I wish them well. There was one song that I did really like on the CD...To Whom Shall We Liken Unto Our God ...not that is a the best song on the CD. I can't wait to hear the next project. I pray that you dig deeper and use more Technology, innovation and creativity. You have the elements of the choir + anointing mixed with a churchy sound, however the acoustic piano was out of tune and the project sounded like an old 70's church service recording session that was released on a vinyl record. Keep pressing and sharing your ministry!
In a field encompassing two camps, liturgical AND charismatic, this album caters to the same side most others do - liturgical, the solemnly reverent. Energetic joy of charismatic praise and worship eludes me throughout most of this album. As a worship director, its very easy to find songs of solemn reverence, much more difficult to find songs of energetic joy that are useable in services. I was hoping for much more out of this than the same-ole same-ole that every other P&W writer delivers.
This is a weird CD.  It doesn't play the songs in order of 1-12.  Something's wrong with it.  It skips around.  I'll play song number 3, and then the next song it plays is #12.  It's a strange CD.I bought it for song #3 - Angel Armies - and I love that song, but the CD is a disappointment
I've been following Chris since his first album with Passion (1997 or so). I have loved him since then and have seen him live a number of times - about once a year since then! But dare I say that I don't like this album by Chris? I ran out to buy it at Target on its release date but just couldn't love it. It's too much &#34;more of the same.&#34; It seems like Ed Cash insists on keeping all Chris's songs structured the same - an 8 measure intro, an 8 measure verse, an  8 measure chorus, a 4 measure verse or the first half of the first verse, the chorus, a bridge, repeat chorus, end. The drums, bass and guitars are dull and unimaginative as well.I LOVED &#34;Awake My Soul&#34; with Lecrae and that's the only song that made my iPod from the album. Download this song. It's one of the only songs worth owning.&#34;Whom Shall I Fear&#34; is just boring. Four on the floor throughout it, boring music. Yawn.&#34;Lay Me Down&#34; is lyrically weak, some phrases making no sense. &#34;Hand on my heart, this much is true, there's no life apart from you&#34; is a perfect example of that. It's another 4 on the floor song that sounds like a knock off of the sound on Mumford and Sons song &#34;I Will Wait.&#34; You can lay this song's lyrics right over that song's music.&#34;God's Great Dance Floor&#34; is an OK song. I do like the mariachi trumpet but the 4 on the floor beat gets monotonous. I also don't like the build going into the bridge. It sounds messy and chaotic.&#34;White Flag&#34; is a down tempo anthem type song. While I like most of the lyrics, the music is suspiciously similar to Jesus Messiah from his 2008 album. Another 4 on the floor song with a snare cadence.&#34;Crown Him&#34; is likable. Chris enjoys taking hymns and adding a new chorus or bridge. It breathes fresh life into an old song. This is a good one to download too.&#34;Jesus Son of God&#34; is another 4 on the floor slow ballad type of song.&#34;Sovereign&#34; is the only song I love on the album besides &#34;Awake.&#34;&#34;Countless Wonders&#34; recycles phrases and lyrics from earlier songs on his first albums.&#34;Thank you for saving me&#34; is yet another 4 on the floor song with cliche's throughout.Basically if you like every song where the kick drum is playing on every beat (called 4 on the floor), then this is your album. Personally when all 12 songs are like that, I get bored with it. It pains me to say this is Tomlin's weakest album but it is.
The first half was mediocre the second half was just bad. The second song was the best and the reason for 2 stars instead of 1.
I am a huge Snatam fan but this album seems kind of depressive if you ask me.  What I love about all of Snatam's other albums is that they are incredibly uplifting and soulful.  I have tried listening to this one many times over and find it to be a downer.  Every time I listen I think the musicians must have been going through a difficult time when they recorded this.
I purchased this to listen too. Not all the songs are my favorite but I just got it for the heck of it. I seen him on television and wanted to hear more of his music.
It was just ok he did two much talking and i wanted to hear mor of his voice al though I did like two othe song that was on the cd that some one else was singin.
I expected more singing less talking from someone with this wonderful voice.
I just got it because it was the only one there and I wanted to see what the music would sound like on my kindle.
Great lyrics, and I've been a big IG fan for some time. Sent away for this as soon as it got announced. I completely support the premise of what they're doing and love to introduce their music to our congregation.Although musical creativity has NEVER been Indelible Grace's strong suit, the musical arrangements by vol. 6 are really getting stale.  Believe it or not, there ARE other chords besides G, C, D, and Em.Some time ago we were really rocking in this whole hymn rewrite movement. Sojourn came out with "Over The Grave", and IG was putting out stuff like Osenga's "O Help My Unbelief" and Smith's "Lo He Comes." Unfortunately I think this movement has seriously hit the skids as the music becomes progressively more boring and predictable.Sadly it seems taboo to subject other Christians to a serious musical critique these days and its even harder in a small community where many folks are friends of the artists.  All I can say is no heart judgment here.  I worship the risen King right along with the artists, no doubt.  But looking at it from a strictly musical perspective (i.e., if the album as instrumentals were to be given to me without vocals), it would be a one-listen-only album.
After a few attempts, I have yet to finish listening to this song. I forced myself to listen to 1/2 of it, but I don't find it relaxing, inspiring, energizing or engaging.
This really upset me. First off the sound quality is terrible.  You can hear the feedback or something (example: the buzz sound that happens when you touch the aux cord to a sound system). The guys voice is not convincing, relaxing, hypnotic, or anything you will expect from the title. The script he reads is ok, herd better.
I purchased this based upon the clips, but once I heard the whole album it was really repetitive. The songs seemed to blend together and get lost. It felt like background noise instead of worship music.
None of these songs contain background vocals and all are instrumentals only.  Let the buyer beware.  There are other versions of these songs available from other companies, which do have background vocals.
This album seems to be poorly produced, voices are off key and it reminds me of something that was recorded on a taperecorder then uploaded on a computer for digital reproduction, not what I expected at all.
Most of these songs are not good. Period. I like It Passes All My Understanding and His Hands (though this is not the best version), but I wish I'd been a little more picky with the rest (instead of just buying the whole album).I realize that my tastes are not going to be everyone's, but I would definitely recommend listening to *all* the songs first. My bad...P.S. Here are some other songs I like, in case you wanna check them out:-Stand in Holy Places -- Jenny Jordan Frogley-Go Bring Them In -- Nancy Hanson-I Know He Lives -- April Meservy-As I Am -- Dan Cahoon-How to Move a Mountain -- Cherie Call-Shine On -- David Osmond-Worthy To Stand -- Jessie Clark Funk-Beautiful to Him -- Rachel ThibodeauMost of these have been on an EFY soundtrack at some point, so they shouldn't be too hard to get (probably).Then, of course, there are awesome non-LDS songs: (not quite so church-y, though)-Follow My Feet -- The Unlikely Candidates*-Beautiful, Beautiful -- Francesca Battistelli*-On My Own -- Ashes Remain-You Are -- Tenth Avenue North-Be My Escape -- Relient K-The Proof of Your Love -- For King and Country*the first two are my favorite :)...to name a few.Anywho, that's my two cents.
I bought this song based on Joe's Book. So sorry but I wasn't impressed. Though it did give me a chuckle. It's cute.
Sorry Kandi! I like you, but can't stand this song. It would've gotten a "1" but since Marvin Sapp is on it, it deserved at  least a "2"
Not what I expected
It seems unappreciative to say I didn't care for this CD as much as others of the same type that I have purchased.  The price is certainly right, but the sound quality left much to be desired.  This is one I will likely delete from my collection, sad to say.
It was with a lot of anticipation that we ordered this product as a CD via the company website. I love the rich texts, but unless you are listening with the lyrics in front of you, the words are very difficult to make out.  If I didn't hear the same complaint from my wife and kids, I would have chalked it up to excess earwax or something. Huge disappointment:(
I WAS LOOKING FOR THIS SONG THAT JJ HELLER SUNG THAT IS PLAYED ON RADIO OFTEN, BUT IT WAS NOT ON &#34;LOVED&#34;.  &#34;LOVED&#34; IS JUST NOT WHAT I FAVOR IN MUSIC---SORRY.
I was looking forward to acoustic sounds in this album. I thought her beautiful voice is lost in the sounds from what looks like a bigger orchestra than usual. I was disappointed after this time I bought the whole album.
Only 5 songs were downloaded on this album...it's a great album but it needs to be corrected and fixed. I've just lost money by having to purchase them individually even after I paid the full price. And since I lost money, you just lost a valued customer!
Two things as immediate disclaimers: 1) I love good theology. 2) I like Shai Linne.However, this album is by far his weakest. As much I like formula of theology + hip-hop this album feels forced, and in places, rather campy. Maybe I don't get it, and maybe this album isn't for me but trying to capture systematic theology as a discipline, in the art of hip-hop just doesn't work. Lyrics felt forced ("Election").  His song "Fal$e Teacher$" is written for deceived Christians in Africa... but I'm not sure they would be getting his album. In that case it just doesn't seem to fit. The song "Take Up and Read" tries to be clever and creative by taking book titles and authors and presenting them as writers that the Christian should read. Honestly this was the campiest song of the whole album. They chorus sings:We gotta take up and readOr we will never proceedIn growing up into maturity, we oughta take heedIn these last days what we needWe gotta take up and readAnd be the People of the Book!Gotta be the People of the Book!But the list of the books here are not inspired Scripture. Certainly they are good books, but they aren't mandatory for a Christian to read and grow. Discipleship is more than reading books.I could mention a few other things but I think I'll leave it at this. Shai and I would agree on our theology and I am thankful for his ministry and music. I just didn't think album was a very good representation of systematic theology and hip-hop.  It was a square peg (sys-theo) in a round hole (hip-hop).
Too old fashioned and  thought it be rocking with a title &#34;shout it out&#34; but it was not.  I was disappointed.
I did not see a list of performers before I bought it. I had not heard any of them befotr it.
I love southern Gospel and bluegrass, but this was not one of my better purchases. It is okay, but I would not recommend.
Didn't actually adhere to the tradition of Blue Grass.Instrumental was indistinct an weak . Vocals lacked a certain substance. Soundboard could have done a better job. Okay for background music in my shop, I suppose.
Only a few of these songs can be classified as bluegrass. The other tracks are country music trying to pass itself off as bluegrass, or bluegrass being so country that it switches genre. Which is great if you want country... not so good if you want pure bluegrass.
I enjoy Bluegrass so I enjoy this album. It's ok for free but wouldn't pay $$ for it. Sirius radio's selection is more to my liking.
nothing spectacular. no-name artists doing covers. nothing historically significant. You would be better off with Doc watson or the Kentucky Colonels.
Their first project from several years ago was awesome! Fresh, original and truly anointed. This project seems like a collection everyday songs. No disrespect, but not what I was expecting based on their first one.
Not very pleased with this purchase.  I don't think these should be used as worship songs.  Very disappointed in this purchase.
first, they have about a 1 minute section for each song that is looped once or twice to make filler.  Second, all the good classics they have changed the words so you can not sing along and this also destroys the meaning of these old songs.  They even destroyed how great thou art for crying out load.  glad I only lost a buck on this one.
Very little instrument use. Cappella is good but not for all songs. Some voices were stronger than others. Adding verses to old songs like How great Thou Art is a good way to destroy a good song. Wasn't impressed at all.
old, not very many good songs, no really top forty, more like top cheap 40 hits, I think oh well I know better next time
The music is Ok, nothing spectacular. I was looking for something more authentic and upbeat to add to my collection.
Although Mary Mary together or individually have excellent voices their music is 'missing Jesus'. 90% of the time their music can be traced back to R&B songs from the late 60's through today's Vickie Winans. I really don't understand how they keep winning awards over and over again when their music is truly not original and not Holy Spirit filled. It's 'finger popping clickie' - more worldly than churchy.
These four songs were on the other CD's I have and I didn't realize it.  So I don't listen to it much.  But I love the Texas Tenors
I was enjoying Zen Garden when it abruptly stopped playing after about 20 minutes. It's. Supposed to be 60 minutes long.  I'm very disappointed.
First, let me say that I think that Lawrence Brownlee has one of the great voices of today and is a great talent. Anyone who reads my earlier review of "A Heart That Flutters" will know it is a rave and that I am a fan of his. I happen also to be considered an authority on the Spiritual, one who has sung and conducted it  widely in America  and around the world in places as diverse as Carnegie Hall and St. Peter's Basilica. I have researched the Spiritual and have curated the Hall Johnson Collection for 30 years and have written the definitive biography of this "Preserver of the Negro Spiritual" and Conductor of the Hall Johnson Negro Choir. I respect the Spiritual as one of the African American's greatest contributions to American Culture and to world culture.As the progenitor  of Ragtime, Jazz, Gospel, Swing, Blues, and a multiplicity of categories of Black Music, it still remains distinct and unique as a religious form and is not to be confused with or corrupted by any of these later forms, i.e., Gospel and Jazz.  This is an old paradigm in the historical development of music from the monody of Gregorian Chant to modern Avant Garde. The argument is simple and reached its historical nexus at the Council of Trent when Pope Marcellus II threatened to throw choral polyphony out of the Catholic Mass because the intricacy of the polyphonic harmony and the encroaching chromaticism distracted from the message  of the text. While this was resolved when Palestrina wrote the Pope Marcellus Mass, proving that diatonic polyphony could be written that would deliver the text clearly, the argument and situation is reiterated when the melodies and texts of the Spirituals are clothed in  harmonies, rhythms, and instrumentation characteristic of Gospel and Jazz.When I was nine years old and began playing for choirs in the Black Baptist Church, even then -- in 1941, the Pastor questioned whether or not the new music craze, the Gospel Arrangements of Thomas A. Dorsey, was not causing church members to shout because of the rhythms of the music rather than because of  being moved by the Spirit of God.Just as the Catholic Church has protected Chant  from corruption by organum, harmony and polyphony, we must protect the Spiritual from corruption by more popular and commercial forms ignorantly applauded by one important critic with the headline, "Lawrence Brownlee Elevates the Spiritual." The opposite is true as this kind of arrangement denigrates the Spiritual. Catholics do not "Jazz" the Plain Chant from their mass. When it is used by knowledgeable composers, we get the "Durufle Requiem." Jews do not denigrate the "Kol Nidrei," instead, we get an inspiring composition by Max Bruch. This album should not have been recorded because it is derogatory to the sacred Spiritual  that we as black Americans  take ownership of, and most particularly, because it is recorded by the black operatic tenor with the greatest visibility today. Like the "N-word," it will serve to license others to denigrate the Spiritual and justify it by saying, "Brownlee did it!"How well was this dubious task performed? Not very well! First, there was not enough material for an album, whatever the quality, as it ran approximately 37 minutes.  The typical CD runs about 70 minutes today. So it is only half an album. And how did Mr. Brownlee sing? Even in the short span of 37 minutes, I found Mr. Brownlee's singing boring because is was monochromatic. Virtually no shading nor tonal variety was evident as everything was forte to fortissimo. It takes more than a great voice to be a successful singer and artist. It appears that Mr. Brownlee has accepted the false narrative that if you're black, anything you do with a Spiritual is right. The performance seemed "off the top of his head." His attempts at improvisation betrayed an ignorance of the fact that great Jazz improvisation requires an intimate knowledge of the harmonic structure or else the solo will be at odds with the accompaniment.  Texts were changed, sections of some spirituals were omitted, and he incorrectly assumed that since the Spiritual was transmitted orally in the beginning, the versions he was singing were traditional rather  than classically arranged. Virtually any melody he sings can be found in published versions by Burleigh, James Weldon and J. Rosamund Johnson, Hall Johnson, William Grant Still or other 20th Century composers.The arrangements of Damien Sneed, who accompanied Mr. Brownlee at the piano, I found conventional, trite, and often, not well thought out as they sometime conflicted with what the singer was singing.  There were times when the nature of the accompaniment did not conform to the meaning of the words, a concept that seems to have overlooked by Mr. Sneed.I cannot escape the feeling that Mr. Brownlee, a unique and exceptional talent, is rudderless in this professional world and needs a Sol Hurok to carefully manage his career. He also needs an excellent coach for everything he sings and records. Both his artistry and his career choices are suffering from the lack of such guidance. I hope that in the future he will record an album of classically-arranged spirituals selected by someone who knows this repertoire. Before he enters a studio, he must study these works just as carefully as he studies his operatic scores, coach them with someone who knows this genre, and perform them many times. Only then will he achieve the standard set by Marian Anderson, Roland Hayes, Robert McFerrin and the young Leontyne Price.
Sometimes even preachers can be a little off and not under the anointing. I am a big fan of Joseph Prince, but he seemed to be....I don't know where in this download. I kept waiting....and waiting.....and waiting for him to get to the message, but he kept going off constantly on different...wildly unrelated tangents.  I will still purchase his teachings, but I'm just trying to save YOU a few bucks here on THIS one.
It is not CHRIstian BELLS, it is just a cheap instrumental music. Amazon, you should let people to listen a music what they buy.One star for an album and less than one star for Amazon MP3 service.
Nothing spectacular in this download. There are decent, recognizable songs but the music is nothing to write home about. I
There were very few items on this album that I liked. The sound was tinny on some. If you are thinking of buying this album, be sure to listen to the selections to be sure the album contains the kind of Christmas music you are looking for.
CAN'T REALLY UNDERSTAND. FATHER'S VISION IS UNIVERSAL. MEMBERS AROUND THE WORLD CAN SPEAK ENGLISH. SUCH A PITY. MAYBE YOU CAN CHANGE IT?
I didn't care for this music... it wasn't &#34;relaxing&#34; to me. The sound of the water drowned out the birds and other forest sounds. It made me listen too hard for what else was going on in the forest. It sounded more like a large waterfall, which usually gets very loud and is more exciting than relaxing.
Lot's of water sound, couldn't really hear a bird
First, if you don't have any of the several Petra Greatest Hits collections (The Ultimate Collection, Rock Block, Petraphonics, War and Remembrance) or the source albums, this is a pretty good retrospective of their career, even including songs from their later albums. So if you are in that camp, then I would make this a five star and say it's a definite buy.That should cover the roughly two people who will read this who don't already have all of these songs. The reason for the two stars is I gave one for each song I didn't already have from a previous compilation in the same version. Holy Is Your Name is new and Voice in the Wind was only on the full "More Power to Ya" CD and not on any of the compilation releases before. All of the rest I already had and most of them, I had multiple copies not counting the Classic Petra takes on a few of them.These are the same recordings we know and love. No remastering or cleanup, no new takes (like the aforementioned Classic Petra which I highly recommend) or anything else. The CD starts with "Why Should the Father Bother?" The real question is why should any of the fans bother to buy the same songs one more time?
This album is garbage for the most part. There about 2 Tracks that I like and 2 Tracks that I can tolerate the other ones are not so great. If we are going To do music bout human trafficking Can we be serious and leave the dance music out? Sex slaves are not thinking About swag. I hope all the precedes Go to the cause then I won't completely regret this experience. They are all great artists They  could have done so much better
The songs are gorgeous, but Amazon's cloud player totally ruins the presentation! Buy this album, but buy it some other way!
Every since the "controversial" #1 Spot, its been hard to be excited for any new release. Big ups for V.Rose, this talented pop singer blends well with hip hop
I gave this rating because this CD is bootleg and tacky. Flame is a wonderful Christian gospel artist and I have almost all of his CDs, but I'm shocked that this CD is bootleg and sound like a 5 yr old recorded it. It sounds very low, can't hardly hear him rapping in the background, and one of the song messes up at the beginning. I could of got the original CD at Walmart for the same price I paid for this one. I am very disappointed that this is a bootleg CD and that the recording sounds terrible. A waste of $10 if you ask me!!!!!!
The actual words are great,  but the girl that sings the most isnt good.. they should get a stronger singer
This one is music only, no natural sounds.  If I wanted to listen to music, I would pick something that actually eased anxiety.
I need this on a cd not mp3.  Is there going to be one for sale???  When will a audio cd be available??
This is one of the worse Gospel compilation I've heard.This has nothing to do with Gospel. It's a mix-match of melodies, poorly played.
This is just not my type of music for gospel listening! Jazz listeners would definitely love most of the songs.
the songs are not the best and is in no way what I wanted or expected.  I do not listen to it, and in fact erased it.
It's not like the original version to me. It's a little fast tempo with a beat and rushes it a bit. I wanted the slower, longer version. Ultimate tracks are usually spot on.  Just not  this time in my opinion.
IT JUST WASN'T AS PEPPY AS I WAS EXPECTING.  SEEMED SLOW AND MORE LULLABY FEELING.GOOD FOR A DIFFERENT VERSION THOUGH.
It did not sound very good. Did not sound as professional as Jamie Grace's background. It will have to work anywayfor my daughters talent show.
I was disappointed after I received and played the full song to find out only half the song was there. When I bought it I was so focused on finding a version with a good tempo and actual singing I failed to see it was only two minutes long, so that was my fault. But still, it doesn't even end after the two minutes, just fades out in the middle of the refrain. I can't use it and can't recommend it to anyone. Sorry.
I listened to most of this cd on the way home a few days ago.  Man was it boring.  The words are too lofty and spiritual.  &#34;Too heavenly minded and no earthly good&#34; is a great description of this album.  Come on Kutless!  Come down off of your holy clouds and encourage some people in the lord with real words and grounded in life lyrics!
I really wanted to love The Royal Royal's album "The Return of the King". I really did. They take a lot of musical risks throughout the album that separate themselves from standard CCM worship artists. I also appreciate the vertical lyrics directed to God. Unfortunately the album's worshipful lyrics don't dig too deep and they are endlessly repeated.I just happened to listen to David Crowder's "Never Let Go" before writing this review. The song repeats the lyrics "You never let go" countless times, but each time he says it with a different emphasis and tone that really makes you understand how God REALLY never let's go. This is not the case on "The Return of the King". The repetition on this album does not seem to be designed to emphasize the content, but rather to get stuck in your head.The first half of the album has many songs that are energetic and fun but are ultimately underwhelming because of the lackluster lyrics and repetitiveness. "Every Little Bit of Praise" aims high, but misses terribly. It has a neat retro feel, but ultimately it just sounds awkward and corny. The chorus sings "Every little bit of praise belongs to you", and that line is sung 20 times throughout the three and a half minute song (yes, I counted). There are really only two other weak tracks that are both found on the first half of album: "The Lights" and "Holding On".  "The Lights" is a standard CCM song with an electronic flair, and "Holding On" is an emo-pop song driven by an uninspiring drum machine and synthesizer.Fortunately there are some stronger moments on the latter half of the album. The Bon Jovi inspired sound on "Find Me" provides a fun listening experience with a little more vulnerability in the lyrics than we have seen until this point. The opening lines of the song proclaim: "Find me on my knees again / I'm calling out, I need some faith again / help my heart of unbelief / I need your love to calm the doubt in me / you're the hope inside of me / your word is like a lamp unto my feet". The upbeat gritty rocker "Great" proves to be a catchy and memorable tune. It reminds me of the band Vota in a good way. The softer highlights include the gentle piano driven ballad "Shine" and the quietly epic "Light a Fire". However, even the strong moments off this album are plagued with repetitiveness which keep these songs from being extraordinary.Vocal duties on the album are shared between Italian-Canadian brothers Nathan and Gabriel Finochio, who are the creative minds behind the music. Strangely enough, on the chorus of "Find Me", the vocals sound eerily similar to Reese Roper of Five Iron Frenzy. Additionally the vocals on throughout the verses of that song, and a few other times throughout the album, remind me of the vocalist of the band Red Umbrella (also Canadian).If you like the simple worshipful lyrics, and do not mind repetition in your worship lyrics, then by all means you may love this album. Otherwise you probably want to skip out on this release and try some Rend Collective or Crowder.  2.5/5 stars.
I got the impression that the focus of this piece of music was more towards entertaining the congregation than to Giving God Glory. Return to your First Love.
Music is great.  BUT!! Advertising 22 songs.  I bought it. Only received 20!  Why does it say 22 songs?  Two stars because the music received is great.
Good if you like experimental electronica or dubstep remixes of worship songs, but I gotta say this feels really forced a lot of times. I would have much preferred a 3 song EP of this style but with original lyrics, or even more medley type songs where one or more songs are combined. This would have greatly increased my interest.Sadly to me all the songs are just 'skip' until the album ends.Also, pretty brave calling it Vol 1., and also letting Luke do the entire album.Two stars because I don't like it, but I can respect it as a work of art in its own right. Just don't expect something you can dance to in the club.
Very very bummed about this album.  I love Jesus Culture and I love re-mixes but on this one, the remixing seems very generic.  It was like they used a remix track from 1999 on all the songs.  It has ruined most of the songs in my opinion by stealing the intense passion that drove the music.  I was just bored while listening to it.  If I had known better, I would not have bought this album.  Spend your hard earned cash on another Jesus Culture album.
It's so repetitive. They have many more songs out than this. This is simply a let down. I've seen this elsewhere for nearly 3 times the price I paid here, so that's a plus.
Love the songs but just not impressed by them on this album. Really wish I would have previewed songs first. I love Michael W. Smith these album is just not for me.
Despite this being a label album, its really just another Flame album. V Rose only gets one track to herself, and its the forgettable Threw It All Away. Ever since Clear Sight separated from Young Noah due to &#34;creative differences,&#34; the label has stuck with their two artists. Yes, a lot of various artists from Reach Record, Cross Movement, and beyond are brought in to add flavor, but its Flame's project without question. And its ok, but its not as good as Flame's usual stuff, which has been declining as of late in my opinion.I'm kinda disappointed, as the guests did not shine particularly bright either, so i'll give it a 2, maybe a 2.5No knock on the message, thats great. But I didn't feel that this album was that good overall.
I found this CD to be a little disappointing in that there is only one or two traditional sounding songs. I love Beverly Crawford and have other CDs of hers but I wouldn't recommend this one if you're looking for a traditional gospel sound.
I have a couple of issues with this album.1. in his second song he calls the Glory of God shekinah. This is blasphemous because no where in the Holy Bible (KJV) is Gods Glory referred to as shekinah. It is Shekon  or Kobod. shekinah is from the kabala as female part of the devil. You can't give a demonic attribute to the Lord. This word crept in unawares. In the 3rd song Be glorified, how is The Lord God glorified when in the video he has guys walking together rapping &#34;so called truth&#34;, smoking. It doesn't matter what point he is trying to make the scripture states Can two walk together, except the be agreed. Amos 3:3. KJV. Also he uses the satanic symbol CHI RHO. Its unveiled on the building at the end of the video. One of the most terrible things he did is take an old hymn like nothing but the blood of Jesus and use Mary J. Blige's beat from real love her 1992 debut album. When doing Christian music leave the secular beats alone and be lead of Christ and create an authentic beat from the heart. Now that is real doxology. It receives 2 stars because there are some songs that have a biblical message but they are remakes from previous albums. All I can say he has gotten away from the scripture by mixing the sacred and profane. We can't do that as true believers of the Holy Scriptures 2 Cor. 6:15-18. KJV.
This album is just &#34;ok&#34; to me...... albums before this one were much better and had more creativity.... and that song called &#34;gay&#34;.....  i was really interested to here what was going to be expressed on that topic but.... it was nothing but the same ole same ole..... so..... this album will only be listened to once or twice..... it should have been a free mixtape on datpiff.com if you ask me...... i'm highly dismayed man..... but i loved &#34;The Truth Unveiled&#34; album!!!!!!! Don't be slippin' yall......  I love yall but you gotta come harder than this!!!???? I KNOW YOU CAN!!!! BLESSINGS!!!!!