nice, but did not 'grab' me the way other Taize albums have.  Perhaps because it is an older album, the recording did not seem as high a quality as my other favorites.  Still, all Taize is good Taize, and your milage may vary.  My favorites are still 'jubilate' and the'chants de la priere a Taize'.
I wanted music with human singing, but it sounds good. I wanted an album with the words to Christmas music on it.
I enjoyed the music.Most of the background supporting instrumentals were very good and the vocals were great. However, often times, lead instrumental parts did not support the underlying music well and often tromped on the vocals. I think some of the energy could be built by less sustain of instruments and more staccato funk. Good album. Looking forward to an album from these guys that works together and breathes a little better.
Very good music muddled by background noise, pops and scratches.  If you have a high tolerance for these defects, go ahead and buy.  I am okay with a certain amount of noise and ended up saving 11 tracks.  The rest went to the recycling bin.  These must have been transferred from the original 78's.  It's a shame that these aren't available in remastered version with some noise reduction.  I know music purists hate this technology, but if these songs had been remastered and cleaned-up, I'd keep all the tracks.
Dated songs but still enjoyeable once in a while. Great band that went on to some great albums (Power House, Highlands, Inside, Redemption etc).BTW Amazon, that is the WRONG cover image... totally different band.
Some very lovely tunes here but too many were spoiled by a piano rendering from what seemed like a 2nd year piano book, a single note-at-a-time of the treble clef, played on a very bright and crisp piano. Not relaxing at all. But I suppose some will like this style.
These are great arr.s that stand the test of time, if you like brass choirs you'll love this. Having said that, if you are hoping (as I was) that this is the same recording as the LP from 1971 (LS-5567-LP) I'm pretty sure it's not.
Tripped on this band on the internet somehow.  Bought Me and Otto, which I think is the best of their albums.  A guitar & drums band with catchy vocals.  Favorites:  Me & Otto, Certain Girls, Green & My Fault.  Not epic but good stuff.
Just lacks the creativity of his other album Turn My Face which is an excellent album which I really like
Ok many of the tunes have been sung all over the country in many different worship services and you might not have known they were his tunes.  Matt writes great worship songs.
Why buy a compilation if all the tracks are available in the original albums unless they really picked all your favorites?  3 of the tracks, Psychedelic Super Jesus, Time, and Hired Gun you may want to check out.  The track titles don't clue you in to the fact that the remix is realy there.  Amazon needs to fix the titles.
Despite the fact that Amy Grant would eventually crossover from a Christian Contemporary artist to a Pop artist, I've always found Amy's music to be reflective of the stages of her life she is going through.  This was especially true of Amy's "Pop" era music from her 1990s releases: "Heart in Motion" (1991), "House of Love" (1994), and "Behind the Eyes" (1997).  It was also true of her early years work.  You will hear a stronger Christian influence on her early works than her later ones, but you will also hear the music of a young woman who is about to enter the world of adulthood.  By 1981, Amy would have three solid albums released - "Amy Grant" (1977), "My Father's Eyes" (1979), and "Never Alone" (1980).  These albums clearly reflected the Christian themes as well as that of being a young woman.  Amy's fourth release - 1981's "Amy Grant - In Concert" (1981) would be a live album that would encompass selections from her first three albums.  These recordings were done over a two night span in Oklahoma.  Later that year, a second live album would follow with additional material from that same two night span in Oklahoma.  This one would be entitled "In Concert - Volume 2".  Like "Amy Grant - In Concert", "In Concert - Volume 2" continues to provide a nice portfolio of Amy's early works - it also provides it in a nice live setting.While "Amy Grant - In Concert" did a good job at equally distributing the material from Amy's first three albums, this collection has much more of an emphasis on the newer material at the time of this concert. There are four songs from "Never Alone" and there are four new songs that are released for the first time.  The new songs are:  "I'm Gonna Fly", "You Gave Me Love", "Fill Me with Your Love", and "Nobody Loves Me Like You".  The two strongest songs are "I'm Gonna Fly" and "Nobody Loves Me Like You".  Overall I found the new material on "Volume 2" better than on "Amy Grant - In Concert".An important thing is that while this may be "Christian" music, the "Contemporary" aspects of the music are alive and well.  The melody sound of many of the songs will be right in line with the "contemporary sounds" of the soft music artists of the late 1970s and 1980s.  You will also hear many touches of Country Music in her music.  This is reflective of Amy's Tennessee roots.  It's not geeky music - it's fun music that you will enjoy listening to.Normally when there is a live release, I prefer the album to be a live recording from a single concert performance.  I prefer it to be delivered in the order in which the songs were actually delivered.  By having things from a single night and in order - I feel there is continuity and the magic of the concert is captured perfectly.  As mentioned above, like "Amy Grant - In Concert", these recordings were actually done over two nights in Oklahoma - one night at Mabee Hall in Tulsa Oklahoma and one night at the Lloyd Noble Center at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.  Despite the two nights, the collection does an outstanding job at giving a feeling of continuity over a single night.  Like "Amy Grant - In Concert" - one thing that really helps preserve this feeling of continuity is that Amy will talk and keep "in touch" with her audience.  The remastering seems to do a very good job in terms of sound quality.Also like "Amy Grant - In Concert", there is a medley included.  This medley is a three song medley starting off with two of the new songs - "You Gave Me Love" and "Fill Me With Your Love".  The medley wraps up with a song "What a Difference You've Made" (from Amy Grant's self-titled debut album).  This medley is for the most part a medley of softer songs.  Overall, I still enjoyed the four song medley on "Amy Grant - In Concert" better.If you listen to Amy's first three albums, you will hear how she has grown musically as an artist.  On "Amy Grant - In Concert", this was very clear when she delivered material from the "Never Alone" album.  That material proved to be her most passionate material on "Amy Grant - In Concert".  This is also evidenced on "In Concert - Volume 2".  Two of Amy's best songs are "Too Late" and "Look What Has Happened to Me" - both from "Never Alone".  This is evidenced by the live songs contributed from her third album "Never Alone".  However the strongest song is saved for last - "Nobody Loves Me Like You Do".  This is one of the new songs.  Amy performs this song as a duet and it proves she is very good in this format.My review is based on the CD version which includes liner notes.  The liner notes are pretty much of what you would expect from a 1981 release (thin).  Of the four original songs, the only lyrics that are included are "I'm Gonna Fly".  I would have liked to have seen a musician credit for the person who did the duet with Amy on "Nobody Loves Me Like You Do".  This is a nice collection and a great way to get introduced to Amy's early music.  Some tracks may still be weak, but I'd still recommend it.
IN CONCERT 2 debuted on Billboard's BEST SELLING INSPIRATIONAL LPS chart at #35 (of 40) on 5/22/82, a little after Word put an ad for the upcoming AGE TO AGE album on 4/24/82 on Billboard's front page.  On 7/17/82, AGE TO AGE debuted on that chart at #1, while IN CONCERT 2 was at #23 at week #9 (from #23 the previous chart, four weeks earlier), and thereafter IN CONCERT 2 placed middling high on the ...INSPIRATIONAL LPS chart in the shadow of AGE TO AGE for half the year.Period songs at the time charted in the CCM HOT HITS ADULT CONTEMPORARY "singles" charts (Billboard did not track religious "singles" -- apparently the gospel/religious radio market was so small that hit songs were album tracks, no 45s issued, via CCM magazine's chart listings, whatever the methodology):"Look What Has Happened to Me," debut 10/15/80, peak #3 on 2/26/81, 32 weeks on chart"Nobody Loves Me," debut 6/05/81, peak #6 on 6/26/81, 23 weeks on chart"Singing a Love Song," debut 9/30/81, peak #13 on 11/30/81, 19 weeks on chart"I'm Gonna Fly," debut 4/05/82, peak #10 on 5/26/82, 12 weeks on chart--courtesy Jeffrey Lee Brothers, HOT HITS ADULT CONTEMPORARY CHARTS 1978-2001.  Note:  though these songs appeared on the two IN CONCERT albums, the chart information in Jeffrey Lee Brothers' book doesn't reference the album source; "Nobody Loves Me" states that DeGarmo & Key on on the record/song, via Refuge Records.Compared to IN CONCERT 1 previously, the sound quality of this live album is far better.  Amy's voice is well up in the mix, the band kicks behind her, well better than her under-recorded vocals' mixing problem on the prior album.  Best track is a spirited "Too Late," track #2; the medley, tracks #4-6, are beautiful simplicity, just gorgeous guitar work behind her.  Off putting, though, are the more contemporary sounding "Look What Has Happened to Me" (track #9), which opens sounding like Jack Jones' easy listening disco kitsch, "Theme from the Love Boat," and the final in the set, "Nobody Loves Me Like You Do," (track #11), with a synth riff suggesting the Doobie Bros. "What A Fool Believes."You might notice that track #6, "What a Difference You've Made," is a cover of Ronnie Milsap's pop/country #1 RCA hit single from November, 1977.  "Nobody Loves Me Like You Do" is a different song than the Anne Murray/Kenny Loggins' 1984 tune.3 1/2 stars
The 36 tracks on this 3 Disk collection will definitely please some people more than others.The reason behind my title is that almost a half of the tracks are only the music of the orchestra and have no lyrics.In even those tracks that do have the lyrics ;the orchestra overwhelms the voices and the lyrics.Therefore;if you are looking for the words to these Hymns and the reverence they convey;there are much better recordings that will suit you.Then again;if it's the orchestra you prefer,this collection might well be your preference.Also,while the collection does have some of the best loved Hymns,there are several that are much less known.I suspect the Hymns chosen for this collection were chosen as best suited for the orchestra rather than the words of Faith and popularity.All the tracks are listed and you can get a sample of each.The choice is yours to make.
A bit too straight.  I've been following the Mills Bros. for a lifetime, would have appreciated it more had they used more stylization
I liked a recording of &#34;Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing&#34; by this group, so I ordered this album.  I didn't think these songs were as good.The songs feature a female vocalist -- sometimes with a couple of additional female vocalists in harmony -- sometimes with instruments.But, if I didn't rate these songs particularly highly, I must admit that there is something restful and blessed in their simplicity.You can hear snippets of them on Amazon.  Check them out before writing them off.
First the Good...Now I'm biased because I sang in the recording session. BUT!!! cmon this is Detroit Gosepl at it's best. Brian Watkins, Tony Lucas, Larry Tucker, And of course Volley! Victor and Derek directing!!! This was done in the heyday of about 9 choirs releasing albums left and right from the local area. Wanda is at her best hitting impossible notes and preaching all over the place. Oh yeah it was like 90 million degrees in Peters Rock that whole day!! If you have never heard this woman sing live?...find a way to see her, rather she's in Atlanta or Detroit! This Recording was CRAZYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!....... 5 stars!! Now the bad, the label Sound Of Gospel has no buisness releasing albums like this. you know, that havent been properly mixed or overdubbed. I cant blame them altogether because Donald Vails and Thomas Whitfield as well as Derek Milan and several others have done a great job with the post recording side of the music buisness on the same label. HOWEVER! If Wanda is happy with this muffled and bootleg sound?, who am I to question it. 1 star!!Overall  I give it 4 stars. Lots of energy is transferred to the listner, just not the enormity of the amount of talent that was amassed to  create it. Too bad This album should have been a Detroit Classic.
I do like her music, especially Only a Shadow.  As far as worship music goes, I thoroughly enjoy it, but don't like to &#34;camp out&#34; on one song for too long.  She does a nice job on this CD.
album played but was warped not too happy that it was warped but it did play so i kept it
The MP3's are fine, as MP3's and accompaniment tracks, however, while you are offered a "high" "middle" and "low" track, nowhere can I find that it actually says _what_ key these tracks are in, which would be useful when attempting to sync them up with sheet music.
song is very spiritual song that I wish was longer because im expression if Gods love is more words than what was sang.
The 3 tracks that were downloaded to my cloud player were not the tracks that were described.  There should have been the album track, the performance track w/background vocals, and the performance track w/o background vocals.  The songs that were downloaded were the album track, the performance track w/o background vocals, and the album track again.  I did not receive the performance track w/background vocals and that is the version that I originally made the purchase to use!  I could find no way to contact the seller to request the correct song or a refund so this is my only way to attempt to let them know.  I am not a complainer and do not normally include any negative feedback, but I want to prevent this from happening to someone else.
These songs took me way back when, especially I'll make it alright. I thought that song was long forgotten from the late 60's early 70's. Good Job!
[...] I figured this would be a good video, perhaps this band is in the wrong category here. the music is decent and cool but let us not be deceived by the message or the people who make no stand.
Not sure why something entitled The Holy Quran, does not have all the surahs in it?
I like it but wanted it to have the scriptures in the song as the Integrity ones do. They help you memorize the songs better that way.
I was very intrigued by a chakra sound recording meditation that uses one of my favorite instruments, the cello. The cello  playing is powerful and on some of the tracks very effective. By about the 3rd or 4th track, ie 3rd or 4th chakra it begins to get a bit too distracting and forced especially for meditation purposes. As a piece of musical artistry it is indeed that. But I do not recommend it for meditation.
This is somewhat interesting stuff. I've listened to it several times since purchasing it. Some of it is nice, some of it less so. The problem is, rather than being healing, parts of it sound like a soundtrack to a classic Sam Raimi horror film. Some of it is accompanied by a kind of creepy breathing. Seriously, I frequently do my walking on a trail through the woods, and while listening to this, I got the feeling I should be running through the woods while a guy with a hockey mask, coveralls and a knife in his hand was chasing me.That said, it does manage to create atmosphere, maybe not the way I was expecting, but atmosphere none the less. I can see getting some play out of a couple of tracks, so I'm not totally disappointed.
This is not a bad album at all, but I quite prefer the originals to the remixes in just about every case.
I bought this and a bunch of other albums on recommendation. Perhaps I am a bit picky, but most people are. The reviews said this was a good track. It's OK, but I'm not going to recommend it to others. I can't. Still, if you are into blues type of music, perhaps this is for you. As for me, I need something catchy. If there was another way of explaining this... You know how it is when you go into a neighborhood and see the paint jobs on houses. Well, this album is not like the fire house red one, nor is it the eyesore crack-house on the corner. However, this album is not like the fantastically painted Victorian either. It would behoove whomever is interested in the music to listen to Youtube or free samples before they buy the album.
When listening on line it sounded amazing but once downloaded and listened to, the album is, in my humble opinion, only 50% good songs. The 1st half songs are the same as so many other live worship songs ie full of overly enthusiastic tones and a worship leaders verbally annoying tones encouraging the crowd to participate! ( so annoying )! The 2nd part is much more real and quiet and truer worship focusing more rightly on The Lord Himself. Eliminate the 1st half and it would be much better. Worship Music should point the Listener to THE ONE PERSON who is worthy of the Worship...it should not be focused on yourself! Just my Opinion!Only 3 stars!
The best this album has to offer is the fact the guitar is played by Rex Carroll (Whitecross, King James) who recorded as a favor. I'd have to say however, I only like half the songs. I believe that "Forgotten Child" is the best song. The vocals and style of the songs is very similar to Bon Jovi. The Cd came out in 1994 after Rex Carroll left Whitecross to persure other musical endevours since Scott Winzel decided it be better to make a stlye change.My interest in this album is mostly (close to only) due to the fact Rex Carroll is on the album. (Rex is my favorite guitarist)I hate to rate anything Rex is on lower than 5 stars, but I must this time.A much better buy for 80's hard rock is a band Rex Carroll was in before Whitecross called "Fierce Heart" they are like a blend of 'Foreigner' and 'Scorpions' it is for sell on Amazon and Ebay (Rex's guitar work is the same as in Whitecross, with 'Eden' it is differrent)
I was surprised that it wasn't as catchy and worshipful as I had hoped. It may grow on me as I listen more hopefully.
This version wasn't the one that I liked most but I did enjoy listening to the music it was ok
These songs are very nice, but everyone cannot accommodate of M3.  We would like t o have theseCatholic songs on CD, if you could. Thank you.  Mary
I ordered this thinking that they were going to do a lot of songs together, but they only sang one song and that was all. The rest of the cd was all the same song. but instrumental. I would of like to of  heard him sing the same song over and over with different artist. The song that they did was great the rest of the cd was great, but it wasn't what I expected. So to me it was a little disappointment.
It may be $ .99 for the download, but i was deceived! I didn't even get the whole song :( I didn't purchase the "Pista". Too bad I can't return a song.
There are a couple of really good versions of Hillsong on here.  Not a bad album but not one I listen to a whole lot.  I like Mighty to Save and Lead Me to the Cross on this cd.
A Slice Of Heaven-Music CD Feat. Summer Angel; In Stores Now! Summer Angel's musical perception and approach to her chosen music -genre, Attracts the inclusion of specially handpicked performers who so Ably added to strength and embellishment of her SOLO Album which is now released, and currently in stores!..
his newer albums are better this one has some dated beats but the message was on point check out his newer albums
I was looking forward to uplifting, soaring reverent music on this CD. After a couple of listens, I think they could have made better song choices, include more John Rutter-type music, in order to really call the CD "Reverence". They still retained too much of a barbershop sound for the music to be soothing and reverent. I could have spent my money better on another CD. However, I love this group and highly recommend Sharing Time and Primary Colors.
Good Bible verses CD. (A little disjointed mix of songs & styles.) Steve Green's Hide em in Your Heart volumes 1 & 2 are our favorites.
The music is good, and the content even better. There is just some use of "slanguage" I dont appreciate hearing on a Christian album. I certainly wouldnt recommend for children at all.
MY MOM LIKES THIS ALBUM; HOWEVER, I DON'T.  I CANNOT GIVE A FAIR REVIEW ON THE ALBUM AS PEOPLE LIKE DIFFERENT KINDS OF MUSIC.JESUS LOVES YOU...Joh 3:16  For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.Rom 5:6  For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.Rom 5:7  For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.Rom 5:8  But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us
I had been hearing the song &#34;Churchin&#34; on Pandora Radio for a while and wanted that song in particular. I could only get it by download if I bought the entire album. To my surprise, there were a few more songs that I actually like, so it was a good buy after all.
But, the voice is kinda, I Da know, just did'nt seem right. Also, I did think it was music. Thank's
I don't dislike it as I think that all music has its place.  However, for what I wanted itproved to hectic and lively.  I was looking for something a bit somber.
About 30 minutes in length.  This was actually fairly straightforward.  Starts with wave music, then metronome ticking.  Then he starts talking, leading you backward and so on.  It was guiding the regressive hypno, but the only problems were (1) some scratchy/ skippy sounding and then (2) 25 minutes into it, it had a major repeating skip (kind of like if it was vinyl).  Probably a big no-no in hypnotherapy (because it broke down the relaxation aspect). Other than that, it probably would've been ok.
They say  there was a time in the late 1970's in Kingston, Jamaica where literally EVERYONE you encountered on the road was either a professional musician/artist or aspiring to be so. With reggae having, at that point, reached a point where it had become not only the main method of escape from the poverty and the negativity, but maybe even the ONLY method which was legal (and you can definitely well research  the number of former and then current `professional' badmen who entered the music business as well) and far more attractive than the gun for even some of the youths who ended up taking that route as well. While I wasn't on the planet at that time exactly, I did begin life and growing shortly thereafter (in the early 1980's), still in the musical `shadow' of that era and the beginning of this current modern area, really, besides a GREAT DEAL of more options opening, which is a very important thing for the youths, you still have unknown and aspiring musicians traveling from all over the island towards Kingston, eager to make their name and eventual pay (even me, myself, when I grew up it was my first dream to follow in the steps of some of my favourite DJ's like Mad Cobra and Beenie Man and take the mic one day myself). For someone, like myself, who virtually prides himself as being on top of things musically, from reggae Jamaica and reggae the extended community the world over, this makes things rather difficult to follow, not only abroad, but even right under my own nose. When an international reggae artist reaches a certain point of popularity and ability and score the necessary hits to further their name more and more, I USUALLY hear about them rather quickly and LONG before they actually reach with an album (names like Alborosie, Gentleman and more recently Cali P come to mind). However, for Jamaican artists, things are much different. I can name you more than a few artists who have just scored with a handful of big tunes or so that you probably haven't heard of at all and recommend that you definitely take a further listen  to them (right now that would be New York based DJ Rally Bop and potential superstars Einstein and Bramma de Bomba, of course). So you can imagine my surprise the couple of times a year or so when I actually see an album (or am introduced to by some other method, such as here) from a Jamaican artist who I have ABSOLUTELY NEVER heard of before. Last year, it was an artist who I thought rang a bell, only to discover it wasn't who I though it was in Black Panther, who reached with his debut album, Give Some Love for (ST. ANN'S!) Vikings Productions while managing to go virtually COMPLETELY under my radar and now it appears as if I've found the first of two candidates this year.Which brings us to Jah Jah Yute. Were you to have told me that there was relatively talented artist from out of Hanover, I probably wouldn't even have paid you much attention and figured that, like so many others, when he reached a point of actually being regarded as `relatively talented' he would also reach onto my radars as just because I'm quite a ways away from Mobay, a TRULY good vibes tend to travel through Jamaica like a hyper-fueled country bus. But, there I was in the studio of a good friend who lives on Anguilla and he had a few pieces he was listening to, two of which contained work from an artist by the name Jah Jah Yute, who I assumed was a local artist, but lo and behold was actually from my country. What attracted to me to him, as opposed to the few other names on the players (one of which was a very nice female dancehall artist from out of Cayman who I need to check back), was his sound. When I first heard Jah Jah I actually thought it was simply a few unheard cuts from veteran Jamaican roots singer (and one of my favourites) Everton Blender. Jah Jah doesn't exactly have that POLISHED tone of the Blender (which is no critique to him, MOST singers don't have that kind of shine and will NEVER develop it, it is truly unique to the Blender definitely), but definitely had something else which attracted me to him, something which was completely to his own credit. I LOVE a commitment to roots music! And you'll find singers of the vibes who don't have that degree of  pledge to the vibes and instead (as a producer friend of mine told me) will literally use it simply as a method of making it out of poverty, figuring roots music much easier to succeed in than the hectic dancehall; as well as the always constant touring opportunities giving artists of even the most mediocre scales, the ability to travel all over the world. Jah Jah Yute didn't have that and probably even more evidence of that was the fact that I hadn't heard of it. All of those things and spinning quite a few tunes from the artist gave me the necessary convincing to take a small shot and go further. What I found that was that besides the one album and the one tune, Jah Jah Yute actually had a new project out, Jah Say So. This was the second album (to my knowledge) of his career as he originally made his debut last year with Word Power on Sound (the one which I saw) for Enel Productions which I've found out is a label which he owns and runs, apparently with his wife (definitely give thanks to the self produced and self promoted artists) and his family and he has taken his music, for the most part, to the states as well. The works of Jah Say So are a bit of a step up from Word Power on Sound (as it should be) and a bit more even throughout and, as I mentioned, what I most like about JJY's style is OVERALL COMMITMENT to the music that he makes. He doesn't come in with that flair or shine of Everton Blender; he doesn't have that almost breathtaking charm and royalty of Luciano; he doesn't have that gritty brilliance of someone like a Bushman and Jah Jah Yute doesn't have that wildly interesting and unusual talent like a Jah Cure. But if you're simply looking for someone who OBVIOUSLY works hard at mastering and perfecting his craft and actually BELIEVES in what he sings, then Jah Jah Yute is in the class of all of those popular artists and Jah Say So might just be the album for you.As I mentioned, if you're really looking for a line to compare Jah Jah Yute to someone it would DEFINITELY be Everton Blender. I don't really know if it was by design or it just happened to be his style (apparently JJY has been around from quite awhile), but it's delightful, sounding like a bit RAW and rough around the edges (EVERYONE sounds rough around the edges compared to Blender) is a good thing. On Jah Say So it's also worth mentioning that it is CRUCIAL that you really listen to the lyrics above all. Getting things started here is the solid and pretty addictive praising tune Jah Jah Coming. Should follow the Rastafari route of life (as I do) then really this tune has the potential to well hit you the way it ALMOST hit me. It didn't take a very long time to grow on me, but I just don't think I well regard it as a GREAT tune, but a very powerful one still. The tune speaks to all to prepare for the INEVITABLE coming of His Imperial Majesty (and I LOVE the way JJY literally uses the people as a signal to HIS arrival, very nice lyrical changeup from other ways we've heard such a tune written in the past). Next up is another very powerful message, which sounds oddly familiar for some reason (the actual producers here range from local producers to some even stationed throughout Europe, I believe), Bad Company. This tune warns the masses (especially the youths) to be wary of exactly whom they keep a company with and particularly to  be  mindful of following those who carry and live by the gun. The tune, still, has a very easy vibes, I DEFINITELY wouldn't categorize it as a negative tune at the end of the piece. Completing the opening here is the STRONG Born Warriour, one Jah Say So's real highlights. The tune is another which sounds EXACTLY like something you might find the Blender singing and, even given his more than SUBSTANTIAL credentials and reputation, it might even be a highlight for the Blender himself, still. The tune speaks of the need for us to remain determined and self-motivated in trying to overcome the adversities and negativity of  the world. It really is an uplifting tune and it, perhaps better than any other tune on Jah Say So exemplifies what I mean when I say you have to listen really closely: To be perfectly honest, Jah Jah Yute (as expected at this stage of his career) isn't really afforded the finest riddims and compositions over to record, but he still delivers authoritative and really nice messages, throughout, listening to Born Warriour, really FOCUS on that message definitely. A very nice way to end the opening for the album.Even though in sound the artist I would definitely most compare JJY to would be Everton Blender, the artist I would think he would most remind me of in terms of personality and maybe even actual vibrations would probably be Mikey General. The General is known as being a VERY respectable and upstanding individual and is a definite vibes I get from JJY. Probably the tune which best captures this vibe and the real highlight of Jah Say So is the BEAUTIFUL Africans Blood. The tune might just be one of the ROUGHEST sounding and least well done actually on the album, but it well struck a chord with me and I think it will with many others as well. The tune is, at its core, one of the more diverse tunes on the album, it speaks of anti-violence messages, but at the same time has almost a `built-in' reference to slavery and the Afrikan Diaspora and just a very IMPORTANT tune to my ears. I wouldn't really expect a song like Africans Blood to be a hit song, even were it given the proper promotion; instead it's the type of song that should be played in schools all over the world. VERY nice tune here, very major and deep vibes. While JJY doesn't (in my opinion) reach that level again, the vibes still remain solid. Check Prophecy Fulfill with the downright BRILLIANT opening of the tune where JJY calls upon some of the elders who aren't with us anymore (like Marcus Garvey, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Jacob Marley) to support the coming of His Majesty for all of his children. Powerful vibes on that one and, again, really check it from a lyrical perspective. Going backwards, there's an earlier tune here which really caught my attention a great deal, Let Peace Abide. The tune speaks to the masses (again, specifically to the youths) to begin to at least ATTEMPT to begin to live cleaner and more upright: And in doing so, one will adopt an all around more positive attitude and nature and specifically make the world a better place, one with far less violence than in today's world. On a similar note was Mankind Fighting a song which I was `looking for' as it has that big ANTHEM style feel to it, which you really need on a roots release these days. A very nice chanting vibes and, of course, a very nice message. I do have to mention two tunes here which I really didn't like, both Sweet Girl and I Was Born. Sweet Girl, for its part, is the obligatory lover's tune for Jah Say So and it has an R&B;/hip-hop/Spanish guitar style of vibes to it which I just felt was a bit too much of a variation from the rest of the album. The tune itself isn't exactly a bad one and may sound better in a different context, but here, at least for me, it just doesn't get off the ground and in the end is a distraction. There was also I Was Born, which to my ears is a remix of the very nice earlier tune Born Warrior. The ONLY evidence of a remix, however, that I hear is a monotonous background singer adding " was bornnnnnnnnn" in the gaps in the choruses. Maybe a closer listen would reveal more disparities between the remix and the original (I doubt it), but either way, they are just too close in sound for me to warrant both being included and I Was Born sounds like a SERIOUS case of filler material (especially considering the fact that JJY's first album Word Power on Sound also had twelve tracks). The closing tune here rights the ship definitely as Children Live Up stands as one of the more impressive  tunes on Jah Say So. It really also places a very nice cap on the vibes as the album as Jah Jah Yute revisits his most popular focal points; preaching a message of more and more peace (and in this case specifically to Afrikans) and doing so to the younger people. While Africans Blood remains the real big tune here, were you to ask me for a single tune I might recommend to give one a real taste of JJY's vibes, it would DEFINITELY be Children Live Up. A very nice way to end things here.Overall, while I'm not saying for you to DROP EVERYTHING AND GO AND PICK THIS ONE UP, I will say to definitely keep an eye open for the name Jah Jah Yute in the future. As I mentioned, he isn't exactly afforded the finest in Jamaican production at this point (a great deal of the works here were produced by the FWI based young Irie Jam Productions (JJY actually appears on the label's recent compilation Wi Likkle But Wi Talawah Vol. 1 with no less than  seven of that piece's nineteen tracks, all from Jah Say So, including Born Warrior, Jah Coming and even Africans Blood, so definitely keep an eye out for that label as well) but it will be interesting to see what he can do if he can work with some of the bigger talents, or even when Irie Jam reaches their full potential as well. However, even then, I would suspect that the REAL attraction to Jah Jah Yute's music will be  the heavy messages he pushes. He so OBVIOUSLY really BELIEVES and follows the messages that he sings, likewise showing his extreme commitment to them. Jah Say So is the best available example of a very unknown roots reggae artist you're almost certain to hear about in the years to come.
I always been a fan this cd is good I was ok with this purchase I would get this for a friend
All of the voices on this one are letter perfect, but will put you to sleep.  There is no emotion as there is in recordings by monastery or seminary choirs of which I have several.  Don't waste your money on this one.
After listening to this album it becomes quickly obvious that Receive, Return, and Reveal all sound very similar.  Each has a cool bassy breakdown in the middle, identical beats, and anthematic choruses.  As usual with these guys, the lyrics are great.  The tracks, Redeem and Renew do sound a bit different than the others with Renew having a very catchy piano intro.  Polarity had much better variety of songs and I hope to hear more of that on their next full-length album.  If you're a huge fan, this is a worthy addition, but if you're new to The Wedding, I'd highly recommend Polarity over this offering.
The first meditation is called attracting more love into your life.  The speaker tells you at the beginning that the meditation will take you on an imaginary trip that will relax you and bring more love into your life.  then you relax with breathing for awhile and then a green light comes from earth to cleanse and heal emotional and physical dirt from your body. When you are all clean you are to imagine you are in a valley where you just hang out for awhile and another light/energy comes this time from the trees and flowers that is supposed to relax you more and clean your body of toxins.  Then you notice group of people out in the distance laughing and playing so you go investigate and it is all your friends and family.  So now you hang out with them and dance and play with them in the park/valley.  Then a green energy light surrounds them and is supposed to be coming from your heart and you are to expand it and send them more love.  Then you are guided to see each person and think about how much you love them and they love you.  Then you forgive them and have them forgive you and you do this with each person.  Then she guides you back and ends the meditation.  I personally like the second one better, Attract your soul mate.  This one is less memory and guided meditation and more visualization of what you want to attract and affirmations.  You start with typical white light and breathing to relax. Then you get to one of those PORTALS this company loves so much and you say your affirmations.  The affirmations help you work on yourself so you can be open and loving and send out that type of vibration to attract positive open loving relationships. Then you do some gratitude work.  Finally you visualize your soul mate physically and emotionally, then imagine doing things together, how it feels....  then you are grateful that your soul mate is in your life now and more affirmations and you are done.  All in all a good tool to use law of attraction to attract a soul mate and it is all done in less than 17 minutes.
I bought the original audio CD many years ago and absolutely loved it.  However, the mp3 download album from Amazon and iTunes is NOT THE SAME ALBUM as what was originally released on CD.  The original album was all instrumental with no vocals and contained ten songs.  The mp3 download version has twelve songs, but four of them are vocal songs that were not on the original album.  The vocal songs aren't necessarily bad, but they don't belong here.  And two wonderful songs from the original album are gone to make room for the four new ones.  I much preferred the original album.
I purchased Yunek's CD about a month ago and after listening to the CD numerous times, I came to the conclusion that even though this is a Freshman release, I expected better (based off of her single "Got Fruit").Let me attempt to break it down for you:1. Out of Affliction- 4/5 I liked the concept, even though I doubt God sounds like that (but thats besides the point). The beat was hot, and the lyrics and [Yunek's] emotional attachment to the track was very good. Too short though IMHO. She makes it known, that she serves Christ, and is a great lead-in to track 2.2. Straddle the Fence- 4/5 Production wise: I'm not feeling it; It appeared as though they were too heavy on the bass and not powerful enough on her vocals...Great song however; it's very catchy and the hook is solid. She explains how she should be on one side of the 'fence' for God and not playing both sides (the world and the christian life)3. Lean on Christ- 2.5/5 Love the lyrics! The beat/tune is annoying though... This is an adaptation of "Lean On Me", with a twist for God. I guess it requires a unique taste...4. Got Fruit- 5/5 Love it! The lyrics, the beat--everything. It has a Indie Arie, neo-soul type of feel to it. She exclaims that she possesses the fruits of the Spirit in Galations!5. Thought You Had Me- 4/5 Powerful vocals, emotional pull, and a worthy beat to encompass the mood. I only have a problem with a part where Yunek sings strongly and it seems as though she barely held on to the tune of the song. But all in all, she makes up for it on the hook! She tells of how the devil tried to discourage her from choosing Jesus Christ as her Lord and Saviour.6. On Fire- 4.5/5 Great lyrics, great featured artists, great hook. Production could've been tighter IMHO. She boasts of how she is 'on fire' for the Lord!7. Real Love- 5/5 Love the story, the vocals and the beat! She encourages Christians to not shun away others with their peculiarities/sins but, rather, show them the Love of Christ!8. Get Right- 3.5/5 Beat wise? Ok, I guess...Lyrics: They're there, but the production doesn't amplify that aspect well enough. Yunek tells us that we should seek Christ before it is too late.9. Let It Go- 4/5 Love the song; crisp beat, good lyrics. Only thing I have problems with is that she only mentions God once, but thats just me. Obviously, if I still ranked it this high, she must've said some pretty positive things to keep my attention! She states various negative situations, and how letting go of them and giving it to God will make things better.10. Have You Ever- 3/5 Solid; I like the beat; lots of people can relate to the question. It's more like a R&B; song than anything else...if I didn't listen to the end of the track, I would've thought it was just that ---a R&B; joint.11. Til The End- 1/5 I did not like this song at all...The beat is ok but the lyrics are childish. The vocals are notttt up to par in comparison to the other songs. Production fell through on this as well---matter of fact, I STILL don't know what all she says in this song, but I don't think I have to make myself listen to it again to find out...IMHO!12. Missing You- 3.5/5 Not a Gospel song....I figure she is singing this song to her loved one in the army. I like it, I guess13. Love Song- 4/5 Not a mature hook, but a great song, with a great beat! If you don't listen close enough, you'll mistaken the track for another love song. But Yunek is singing it to God--so I like it!14. With Me- 2/5 I think it's a filler more than anything else. Lyrics are kind of questionable if you ask me, but you be the judge for yourself.15. Promised Land- 3/5 She sings 90% of the CD, so I don't understand why Yunek chooses to rap for the last track....To each his own...16. Straddle The Fence Remix [Bonus Track]- 3/5 .....1. Yunek features a secular reggae artist who has the MOST childish rhyme I have heard for a while...It really took away from the song, especially how he promises that he'll take care of the track and don't deliver AT ALL....All in all, Yunek has potential, but she has to bring the heat if she wants to blow!
The title says it all. Rosary Rap. A whole CD dedicated on the Rosary. I thought it was a creative way for my kids in Youth Group to pray the Rosary but it does not seem to work that great. I give it a three because of that. However it was very creative of Joe to try to put this together and find a way to inspire our teens into our Christian faith!
The music selection is just what I like, Old Hymns and anointed choir. The sound, more specifically, the choir is for the most part poorly mic'ed and one cannot pick up specific words sometimes and it is just hard to follow along. I know the hymns, so it's not impossible to follow along; yet, when you can't make the choir out to sound nothing more than like a jumbled collection of a rumbling crowd.HINT TO THE MUSIC MAN......>>> put microphones on the CHOIR, since its a CHOIR CD, not just the 'glorified' lead singer.I'd like to have my money back.
I was hopeful that I would really like this recording to help me get started with a new Pranayama practice, but I was disappointed.It sounds as though the recording uses binaraul beats to induce a slow brainwave pattern, probably in the theta range. This is a good idea but it's execution is poor.There is no frequency down ramp to the slow theta frequency, so it's really annoying to listen to it when you're starting out at a high alpha or beta frequency range. A ramp is really necessary to bring a person from their ambient brainwave rate to the slow theta range.Also, I felt the frequency of the binaural beats were in discord with the breath pacing, so that was aggravating as well.From what I understand about conscious breathing, one of the side effects is a regulated, slower more relaxed brainwave pattern. So the binaural beats are unnecessary.I did like that the music was used as the breath guide, instead of a person's voice. This makes it feel more natural.I would like these recordings without the beats, but with them it's unusable for me.
Low rating as cannot download this via Amazon to the UK? In this day and age, how stupid is that. My iTunes wont come up so I can't do anything at this point. I have an automatic recorder on my computer so have just asked it to record to see if it comes up with anything. This is not the way I want to do it but seem stuck at present. I don't want to have a copy sent rather download. Anyone any ideas. From my research it sound as if this has been useful for people who have high blood pressure.
I bought this CD thinking it would possibly be a continuation of "Celtic Book of Days". It was not. It was truly as the title infers: Celtic Hymns. It's a CD, I would probably trade off. Arkenstone, seems to have run his course and has no new ideas. Maybe it's time for concert tours, David. Lively up your old material through concerts.
If Miley Cyrus or Demi Lovato are looking for a Boy Band opening act with a Christian message, they're likely to call Philmont.  Seriously, while listening to Oh Snap I jumped over to the XM Disney channel and then back to the disc. Didn't miss a beat. That's not necessarily a bad thing.Philmont's EP starts off with the track I Can't Stand to Fall.  It may well be the highlight of the CD.  So it's no small wonder someone felt it would be a great way to open the disc.  The Difference keeps the beat rolling along at a pretty good pace.  Another Name is a rather lackluster ballad that seems to have been included to show that the boys have depth. Not certain this particular track left me convinced.My Hippocratic Oath brings the beat back and is a fun take on a familiar theme.  In this cut we see ourselves in great need, with God as the great physician.  Philmont has a lot of fun with this one spinning out lyrics like "Let me play my part, I'll keep you breathing I swear."The disc wraps up with Photosynthetic - a warning not to hide behind false fronts - and The Acension, a track that can't make up its mind if it wants to be ballad or something a bit more upbeat.  All in all, Oh Snap is an inoffensive CCM disc with a pop-punk flair. I'll be eager to see what's next for Scott, Justin, Todd, and Josiah. I think there's some real promise here. And, in the meantime - if Demi calls - I'll be sure to point her to you're My Space page.
Think 80's boy-band.  Wait, 90's boy-band.  Wait, 00's boy-band; oh what the heck, definitely a boy-band sound.  I heard echoes of Duran Duran and The Cars, but I have no idea how the appellation of "punk rock band" was affixed to this band.  It's definitely not punk, but I think it could fall into pop-rock.  "My Hippocratic Oath" seems the closest to punk, but it's definitely got a plastic feel to it.  "Another Name" seems like an old-time (as in, 80's) ballad rock tune to which couples dance at prom.  The guys' harmony in "The Ascension" is pretty and the background is reminiscent of Meatloaf.  I could see these guys pulling off some Meatloaf tunes.  I know Phil Mont is a Christian band, but I'm comparing them to what I hear in their music.  They should definitely do more harmony, because that seems to be their strength.
There's a lot to like about Philmont's debut 6-song, 21-minute CD "Oh Snap."  The title, for one thing, is as catchy as the band hopes its music will be.  These kids are energetic, musically talented, and positive; one look at their MySpace "philmontrock" page paints the picture quite well.  Christian kids who like their music edgy will get a bang out of their jam, if energy and danceability are their main criteria for what makes a good CD.  The band plays a dense but tight style of self-described "punk pop" that's compared to Relient K and Green Day, so that's a positive.  Also Philmont has a good lyrical sense in terms of imagery and clarity; the vocalist is never buried in the mix and not only sings well but clearly.But that leads me to one of my problems with this package.  The lyrics, though clever, fall into that school of semi-hidden Christianity that never mentions the precious name of Jesus.  You'd think in six songs there'd be a place for His name.  This is ironic, considering the CD's catchiest track, "The Difference" (really very strong; check it on YouTube) contains these words:  "There's gotta be a difference. It's gotta be significant. If You're really inside changing my life, You would shine. You would be evident if there's a difference."This tune was co-written with Ben Glover; one would hope the kids do more work with him in the future, as it's the only track that really seems sharp and focused, and this is my other major problem here.  I remember hearing a Wayne Watson interview long ago where he said that he had once made the mistake of writing lyrics before he wrote the music, and he wound up with good lyrics but meandering melodies.  When he twigged on the idea of writing catchy melodies first and then praying for lyrics to fit the tune, his work really took off because he wound up with both parts of his songs being very strong.  This would be good advice for Philmont.
This is an EP, which means it only has 5 songs - thus the $5 price tag. When I first saw the cover, I thought it was a bad knock of of a political poster.... come to think of it, I still do.To me they sound like an edgier version of click 5. None the less, this is definitly a boyband a la sudo-punk style. The genre for this is labeled christian/gospel. If i would have known this before i got it, i probably would have passed on it, as that is not really my cup of tea. surprisingly, they aren't too bad. I don't know if i would listen to them over and over again, but i didn't feel like it was really bad either.As with all music though, give it a listen before you buy.
Somewhere in between oasis and green day I found this album enjoyable.There is nothing ground breaking in it but nothing bad either.The songs are overall missing some energy.
This album's sound reminded me of Green Day. It had a real solid Emo Alternative sound. The lyrics were good and the riffs were tight. This is nothing I would listen to on a regular basis. It is classified as rock, but should be re-classified as Emo-Alternative. Would be good for teens/young adults.
What do you get when you mix vocals from Relient K, songs from Everday Sunday, some tight bandwork and a purple rhino? Well, I suppose that would be this album from Philmont that doesn't scream original or genre changing but is at the very least, enjoyable.I'll admit, I listened to this EP once, and I haven't been compelled to do so since. Is that because I dislike it? No, I actually enjoyed it a lot... But there is a lot of stuff out there a lot better than this.FOR FANS OF:Relient KEveryday SundayStellar KartHawk Nelson
I really like the group's name, "Philmont," I like the cover art with the cute rhino, the music is merely mediocre.I am not saying the "Philmont" is a bad group; they indeed have potential. They have a good sound, but they sound just like every other young male group. There is nothing in their voices or lyrics that really stand out and convey excellence. I did like the song, "My hippocratic oath," as this was the only song that I found had profound lyrics and required discernment while listening to it. If they make more songs like this, I would be very interested in seeing how this group matures musically.
Not quite my kind of thing, religious rock. but the music did get the kids to dance, and beat was reasonable. If you like religious pop music you might like this better than we did.
Philmont is a pop rock punk band that is pretty solid. I prefer their first CD but this has some good tracks.
Olly Olly Oxen Free - Not really feeling the guitar loop, it's just a bit annoying.  Flow comes across very good, looking forward to plowing past this intro track and getting into the meat and potatoes of the album.You Can Call Me Beef - Once again, not really liking the guitars, but they come across a little better than on Olly.  Mad props on the Bioshock referrence, but I'd like to hear a little variance in flow regarding the verses.Tilt - Lol @ MC Router samples.  The instrumental has a very nice groove to it, but I'm starting to notice a pattern forming regarding Beefy's flow.  Yeah, I love the fast pace, but it's like he's subdividing every beat when some synchopation or more emphasis needs to be placed in spots.Table Top - Repeat what I said earlier about annoying guitar loops, but flow is getting a little more varied in spots.  The hook is catchy as hell.Play With Me (feat. Bethzilla) - Heard this before, but not with this instrumental.  The guitars actually blend in pretty well with the rest of the instrumentation (it's not the same loop over and over and over).  Now, gonna inject a little personal preferrence into my review...when I go to write and record, I very rarely use a multi-track approach.  If I can't make it through the bars I've written without breathing, well, then I use it, but I make it sound natural.  Going for the live sound, after all.  It's really sticking out in this song, as far as the overlapping of vocal phrases.  Don't care for it personally.Ball Pit - The best track I've heard so far...nice mellow groove, and flow has a lot of variety both in rhythm and tonality....oh, and I didn't know Beefy could sing.  Yeah, it has pitch correction on the hook, but meh.  This song brings back a lot of memories.Disconnect (feat. YTCracker & The Former Fat Boys) - Hook is annoying a hell; too fast, really.  Repeat the comments regarding Beefy's flow being fast as hell but boring...placed next to the other verses, it's pretty clear.  Oh, and they seem to sit lower in the beat than Beefy's vocals.  So far, the only production problem I can spot.Last Minute Gig - I can sympathize with this song...I've been in this spot a few times.  Vocals do sound a bit messy in spots, but mayhaps I've attuned my ear to the monotonous flow I've gotten so far...and REALLY not digging the vocoder bit before the last hook.Clueless - The more and more I listen to this album, the more Beefy's flowing starts to bug the crap out of me.  Makes me wonder exactly how much MC Chris Beefy listens to.  I'll make a comment about this at the end...Turn Your Radio Off - Instrumental sounds very Trent Reznor-ish.  I can get behind these lyrics, though, and his flow pulls a 180.  All in all, a pretty good track.Minimum Wage Slave (feat. Shael Riley) - Finally nodding my head during the play-through.  Simple but catchy beat, and Shael's singing is great as usual.  Hopefully this track marks the final upswing as the album starts to wrap up...more variety in Beefy's flow.Dork Date - Getting another MC Chris vibe off this track....Carebear, maybe?  Love the hook, though.  PHAT instrumental, though.  Love the tribal feel to the drums plus the synth line.1337ology (feat. MC Router) - Oh boy, here we go.  Oh, hey, variety in Beefy's flow...that's always good.  Another good hook, too.  Router's vocals are a little too soft, and her flow is attrocious...sloppy as hell, really.  Track was going good until her vocals were copy/pasted in and Beefy tries rapping the hook again over her.  The ironic thing was when she dropped the EPP diss about them sounding horrible, when quite frankly, she has no room to talk.Story Time - More of Beefy singing in the hooks...I'm quite impressed, really.  The guitar part in the beat is quite tasty...repetitive, but not in a bad way.  It blends well.  More motonous flow.Table Top (tanner4105 remix) - Hard rock instrumental, but Beefy's vocals need turned up in the hook...which is a bit off-key.  I've heard all I need of this.  Moving on after second verse.Play With Me (DJ John remix feat. Bethzilla) - I usually say this at least once during an album review, so here it is, finally:  I wanna make sweet, sweet love with this instrumental.  And the pitch-correction on Bethzilla's voice to make it in-key with the beat is GREAT!  Favorite track on this album.Final Thoughts:  There's two main points I wanna bring up regarding this album and Beefy as an artist.  First point:  yeah, a good portion of us nerdy rappers got introduced to the genre via MC Chris tracks.  I still listen to some of his older stuff.  However, while listening to this album, I kept getting flashbacks of when I first listened to MC Chris is Dead.  Yeah, Beefy can flow fast and pull it off, but for the most part, it's like he's a car with a broken transmission:  only one gear works and it's quite boring.Second point:  Yes, overlapping vocal phrases can sound good here and there, but it's overused on this album.  To me, it shows a sign of laziness while writing, and it makes me wonder how he can pull these songs off live without a hype man to help cover the spot so he can catch his breath.If you want my advice, don't pay for the whole album (if you feel obligated to actually *gasp* pay for music).  Buy the following tracks individually:  Ball Pit, Disconnect, Turn Your Radio Off, and the DJ John remix of Play With Me.Final score:  6/10
The music is beautiful and just what I've been looking for.  The Italian lyric sung to familiar English titles is a blessing.  I wish it were available by CD.
I am not a song writer, nor am I a singer. Those who can combine these two things all the while traveling from state to state to perform them, I admire. Enter: Texas native Jeff Capps, who's no stranger to music. With numerous albums, EP recordings, and a regular Sunday worship band under his belt, it's only matter of time before his singles hit the airwaves.Capps's latest EP Shine is the artist's brightest work to date. Although the track listing is short with only four songs, they prove to represent Capps's sound and worship style as crisp and well constructed. Starting off is the track "Anchor of My Heart" a pure summarization of Christ's role in our lives. The next song, "Shine" is primed and ready for stardom and if there was one song that defines this release this is the cut. "Shine" is captured as one of those singles that has breakout written all over it---it's got a tempo and stamina that are easy to listen to (but you won't get tired of), beautiful writing and Capps' voice melts singularly into the flow. On the tracks "Merciful King" and "Only the Blood", honesty and love excel as focal points on these two worship songs, backed by amazing symphonic moods.Comparisons that come to mind are Matthew West, John Ellis from Tree 63, and bits of Mark Hall from Casting Crowns. This having been said, I think Capps pulls his music from parts of his life, his church, and even his personal walk with Christ. The only thing I found lacking on Shine is Capps's vocal strength. Instead of a leading man, he seems to sound more like a backup singer. But, I know he's got it in him. He just needs to reach inside and belt out the gift God has given him.I surely believe this is not the last release we've seen from this artist. Jeff Capps is a hard working singer/songwriter who believes in changing lives through his music and Jesus Christ. Be on the look out for his tunes to play on the radio and shine in our hearts.
I was expecting the exact track that Mercy Me recorded, which this is not. It does not have the classic piano intro, but acoustic guitar only. It also is tough to gauge where you are as it doesn't measure out like Mercy Me's version either. It's okay, just not the same.
This album to me is just OK. Some of the artists and songs I had never heard of. I bought it because the price was right and I wanted a country gospel album to listen to on my Fire.
I have had other CD's that I have used to help me sleep. This one isn't particularly relaxing, but it seems to help me fall asleep OK.
Sounds like someone may have recorded this in a shower stall. does not sound realistic. I would not recommend it
I can't say I liked or disliked rain. It was however monotonous and needed variety like the Ocean Waves.  It also was not long enough.
Rain in one rhythm only.....no wind blowing the rain.....not the kind of variable rain I have experienced on the East coast or in San Francisco.
More white noise than really rain.  It's ok and I would leave in nursery for babies to sleep by.  Not my favorite just ok
While this is a nice enough rain sounds cd (no hoots, thunder etc) it has a very noticeable loop in it. It's something that you can ignore if you are desperate for some rain sounds/white noise action but I'll go back to searching for an alternate rain sounds cd to sleep to.
time pases and all things from yesterday don't always play forward well  some may like it but I am not one of them
I first heard Vota on the Gospel Music Channel and wanted to listen to a larger piece of their work. I am pleased with the CD. It's exactly what I expected. They have a sound that is a mix between TobyMac and Group One Crew...although a bit more mellow.
The only thing I don't like about this recording is that it reminds me of water pouring out of blocked gutters onto pavement.  I don't like to think about buildings when I'm trying to rest.  I look more for a complete immersion in nature.But overall I like it very much and still play it.
Provides peaceful and restful background noise to aide sleeping.  A little less thunder noise would work better.  My wife likes the rain sound...but...not the thunder.
Sounds more like just water running...I have another that has great Thunder in it which I like much better and it relaxes more.
I received my copy of "The Sound of Summer Rain" about a week ago and have listened to it several times.  The rainfall intensity on the CD is quite heavy and steady with only slight variations, and thunder is often hard rumbling in the background.  Nothing wrong with that.  But, it's been my experience that thunderstorms produce more showery type precipitation.  Usually, there is a heavy burst of rainfall as the thunderstorm moves overhead, then a gradually weakening and even stopping completely after 20 minutes, or so.  Then another burst of rain occurs as the next cell moves through. Rarely does it rain steadily for 72 minutes straight. A steady rainfall that can last for hours at a time usually comes from alto- or nimbostratus clouds which do not produce any lightning or thunder. The CD is a great buy and still enjoyable, but doesn't sound too realistic to me.
I was glad that there wasn't a lot of loud annoying thunder on this cd.  I have other rain cds that are more relaxing than this one.  I also miss the sounds of other creatures in the background.
I fall asleep to rain sounds every night and was looking for a new recording. This one disappointed me. Like another reviewer said, it sounds like rain on pavement. Also I didn't think the thunder sounded real, and there was too much of it. If you are looking for a more natural sound, I love this one so much more:Forest Ambience - Healing Nature Sounds for Relaxation, Massage Therapy, Reiki and Sleep
I love this song, I just wish it would have background vocals. I am so glad i can purchase performance tracks in Southern Gospel style for only 99 cents.
Tis the Season is a collection of ten Holiday oriented pieces by guitarist Greg Por&eacute;e. The album features classical Holiday standards including "Hark the Herald Angels Sing," "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "Silent Night." By choosing to include only traditional songs, which also include "What Child is This," "Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring" and "It Came Upon a Midnight Clear," Por&eacute;e has provided a must have track listing of Holiday songs, but has put himself in a precarious position at the same time. While many people enjoy listening to their favorite songs during the Holiday season, many of them will already have their favorite recordings of each song, which poses a problem for artists such as Por&eacute;e who are looking to compete with these long-loved versions.This is a hard line to maintain whenever an artist decides to do a Holiday album, one where they must play traditional repertoire to fit into the genre's classification, and must also provide unique and fresh material to stand out against the plethora of other albums in the genre. Por&eacute;e has chosen to play it safe with this album, which is a valid choice, but the album might actually have a broader appeal had he chosen to cover lesser-known pieces, or write one or two original works to include on the record.While most of the album features traditional interpretations of these oft-heard Holiday songs, the guitarist does breathe fresh air into "We Three Kings," which is the first section of "Kings and Things" on the record. Here, Por&eacute;e uses accents and oddly grouped arpeggio patterns to hide the tune's 6/8 time signature during the opening section. By doing so, he has kept the melody in place for those listeners who are looking for the crux of the piece, while providing a modern twist to a classic track. As well, the rest of the medley contains the Sound of Music's "My Favorite Things," before returning to "We Three Kings" and again "My Favorite Things" as the song's conclusion. It may seem like a bit of a strange combination, but both songs flow seamlessly into each other and the success of the arrangement begs the question, what hasn't this medley been done more often or ever before?As a player Por&eacute;e possess a strong sense of time and understanding of the melodic content of each of these ten tracks. He often chooses to dig into the emotional content of a piece than deliver a particular section or song at a quicker tempo, such as the wonderfully played "Coventry Carol." While he is a strong emotional player, which helps him make an instant connection with his audience, guitarists will no doubt notice the abundance of left-hand noise that bleeds through on the recording. It is virtually impossible to have a squeak free performance, but Por&eacute;e's left-hand noise sometimes distracts the listener from the musical content of the piece he is performing. It is a small issue for most people, especially non-guitarists, but six-stringers might find it a bit too much for their liking depending on their tolerance for this sort of thing.Regardless of the fret noise, Tis the Season is a strong outing for Por&eacute;e. Yes, he could have chosen a more adventurous set list, but maybe that would have been going too far with a Holiday themed record. Instead, the guitarist has brought together a collection of ten Holiday classics, played with a high level of emotion and musicality. Review by Matthew Warnock
Got this to add a little romantic music for our aniversary.  I liked the music, but my wife did not.  I assume that women normally like this kind of thing but my wife is not one of them.
I have listened to them all and the very best, most beautiful, relaxing and uplifting songs are performed by Eric Bernard. Plus, you get over 20 minutes of music for only 1.96! No, I do not know Mr. Bernard, but I collect healing, relaxing music to help in my recovery of an illness.  I also recommend ALL songs by Hillary Stagg, and most songs by Nicolaus Gunn (check out his new Grand Canyon CD)for this very purpose.  All the Best in Beautiful Music and Vibrant Health, D. Lee
My program get started with gospel every week and I try to bring variety with a difference to my listener-ship in each program. Sometimes we don't know what people are experiencing in their lives but the right song with the right message/lyrics can turn a person day around.
Avalon is a group that I want to succeed. Despite their past accomplishments, this is not a given. A lot has changed in the music world since their heyday. It's not only distribution, but boundaries between secular and sacred continue to come down. Advances in technology have produced innovative music and better sounding recordings, but quality craftsmanship is paramount regardless of genre.Avalon's recent years have seen a number of personnel changes, and lately, it seems like they have been casting about to find the right songs. Rather than reinventing themselves, it might be wise if the group focused on what has been one of their biggest assets--tight vocal harmonies. If they could combine that with a timeless sound, maybe something a little more organic (the change in Point of Grace comes to mind), and fresh songwriting, they might enjoy a resurgence.Strong songs have also always been essential given the obvious talent of all the different members and veteran producers like Charlie Peacock and Brown Bannister.The older songs, which make up the majority of this release, are the strongest, even though they now sound a little dated and cliched. I'm sure that others, like me, miss the presence of Michael Passons, one of the founding members. Songs that feature him are among my favorites.One of them, "Give It Up," still moves me with its dreamy soundscape and the unmistakable touch of Charlie Peacock.This release is a little curious. Testify to Love: The Very Best of Avalon, which came out in 2003, has many of the same songs. One notable omission from this track listing is "Always Have, Always Will."This CD has the advantage of including songs from The Creed (2004), Stand (2006), and Faith: A Hymns Collection (2006) but nothing from Another Time, Another Place: Timeless Christian Classics (2008).One bonus is the inclusion of "Still My God," a new recording featuring the most recent member, Jeremi Richardson. He sounds great with a voice that reminds me a little of Michael Tait (dc Talk).As Jana Long, the only remaining original member, says in the liner notes, "One thing has never changed ... our desire to sing about Jesus Christ and the difference He has made in our lives." With that as a focus, and the right songs and production, Avalon can continue to influence others.
The ideas in this are wonderful. The mediation directions are clear and easy to follow, and Ms. Rosenbaum's tone is soft and soothing.However, her voice carries a strong New York Jewish twang, reminiscent of Fran Drescher's The Nanny persona. For ME, it's like nails on a chalkboard. For another listener, it may not distract you at all. You may even find her accent soothing and familiar.But if your ears are tuned are like mine and you would rather stick sharpened pencils in your ears than watch/listen to a &#34;Nanny&#34; marathon, you probably will have a difficult time listening to this audio product over and over.
This is a good album. The Osmonds Second Generation have great harmonies, but I would perfer to someday hear an O2G rock album performed by all eight brothers!My only problem with this album is that it is too political. I do think that it is great that the young Osmonds did a tribute to America, but every song here is written by Utah Senator Orrin Hatch and comes across as just a lame excuse for him to get re-elected.Years ago I was attending Snow College in central Utah (the girls out number the guys 3 to 1), and Orrin Hatch was once again running for office. Snow College invited him to come and debate. The school also invited his Democrat competitor, and also his Constitution Party competitor which I thought was very nice! But when Orrin Hatch heard about the Constitution Party cadidate he threatened not the show up. Snow sadly crumbled like wet toilet paper and told the Constitution Party candidate to shove off in order to ensure that the almighty Hatch would arrive.I lost a lot of respect for both the school and Mr. Hatch. How can Hatch listen and serve the citizens if he is so easily offended by a simple debate? Besides, he has been in office for over thirty some odd years. We have elections so that we can get new people. It is clearly time for a change. I have not followed Hatch's entire career, nor, thank goodness do I live in his state... he may have done a lot of good... but the citizens need to get rid of him fast before he starts sucking up to the Osmonds Tenth Generation!
This Album is okay and has some good tracks, but in my opinion, it does not comes close to the first Barnes Family Reunion.  That one is a classic and a keep sake.  This one showcases more of the large family and incorporates youth.  The late Rev. F.C. Barnes songs are always good as are the Sunset Jubilaires.  Deborah has an incredible and one of a kind voice.  You know when she is singing on a song.
It was ok, a decent compilation; but I like Christafari more. Not much more I can say about It ......
The vocal spoke blessings are a little too fast. There is not enough time to meditate and process all that is said. I enjoyed the instrumentals much more than the vocals.
Unable to download to my iPod very discouraged the gospels were excellent would have preferred if they were continuous and not interrupted after each volume
I was looking for an eternal Ohm soundtrack used by my yoga instructor -- and assumed this CD was the correct one (I should've listened to the previews more closely).  While the soundtracks are good -- they are not as well blended as the track I was expecting -- which I discovered is Eternal Ohm by Robert Slap (unfortunately not available through Amazon).
I enjoyed this album, but the chanting of the OHMs get's a little too low and intense for me. I usually like to meditate with lighter and higher pitch music (like AEOLIAH), so it all depends on what each person vibrates and resonates with.
So , It is 15 minutes long.It is $8.99,It was okay for being what is was, I just surprised how short it was. I listen to Glenn Harrold for $2.99 and I love him , plus his is 45 minutes long. Try the Healing White light. LOVE IT!
VIRGINIA CREEPER CAN DO BETTER/THE VOCALS ON THIS ONE NEEDS TO BE MORE CLEARER/THE VOCALS ARE TO NOISEY/JESUS LOVE YOU VIRGINIA CREEPER/WE WILL BOTH IN HEAVEN SOON!
There are several things left out of this.  One is including the arms, hands and breasts in body parts to receive the healing.  She also leaves out the part where you are supposed to be guided to wake up.  You are not really guided into a deep meditation but novices would possibly benefit from being brought back to awakening.  The affirmations are also not really much to speak about and are not really separate from the meditation for those who thought them to be separate and who do not wish to do the whole meditation but want a quick refresher for the brain.
The Almighty Proxy is an experimental post-hardcore band from New Jersey, USA. The band comprises Alan Kahn (vocals), Jason Williams (guitar & vocals), John LaTona (bass & vocals), Mike Filomeno (guitar) and Andrew Brito (drums). Their debut EP `Hello Garden, I Am A Monster' was released in April 2009.The Almighty Proxy would like to be compared to Fear Before (The March of Flames) and Every Time I Die. They shamelessly promote themselves thus "HELLO, my friend, and congratulations! You have just stumbled upon your new favourite band! That's right, be excited. Since you are taking the time to read this "bio," we won't bore you with nonessentials. We love our music, our lives, and each other, and that love filters through into the awesomeness that is our music. And guess what, a little secret for you: We wouldn't have it any other way." and "We pride ourselves in our love for people. If you are looking for a band that does not interact with fans, looks like they just drank sour milk when they perform, and only seems to be interested in how many people leave their shows on stretchers, please do yourself a favor and click the little X button on the top of the screen, lock yourself in your closet and listen to your Hatebreed Cds. You're in obvious need of a hug. You have been warned."Opening with discordant guitar and hardcore screaming, `Loveable Leeches' apparently takes its inspiration from the biblical account of the Israelites wanderings in the desert and their complaining (Numbers 11), although you might not have guessed that from the lyrics!`The Big Bad Wolf And His Fancy New Cashmere Sweater' speaks out against money-grabbing televangelists who just want to make themselves rich by swindling the public and giving them false hope.`Mirror Coated People Make Good Magicians' is about creating your own belief system. If enough influential people tell you that something is true, then everyone follows along and dissenters are shouted down. Would we be willing to stand up for the truth if it was unpopular?`Static' opens with a prayer calling out to God to show us the answers.Finally, `Tossing A Decaying Heart Into The Washing Machine' is about how a sin may be subtle at first, but eventually we may be overwhelmed by it.The obscurely titled tracks and far-out lyrics must have attracted some criticism as the band felt the need to give a long explanation on their website.
Romanian ensemble AETERNUM was formed at the tail end of the 1990's, with guitarist and composer Claudiu Contiu as the core member and a fluid cast of members otherwise. They released two albums and one DVD before activities winded down, and currently they are in some sort of hiatus I believe. Although that may of course change. "Ancient Beauty" from 2000 was their first release, and while the original version is no longer available to my knowledge, the reworked version from 2008 can be found at most any digital music retailer you can name. And it is this version I have been sent by a good friend so that I could write about it.The name of the game here is old music, medieval style. Folk music, but of a particular character. This isn't the tunes the wandering minstrels would perform at the local pubs and taverns for a meal and a drink back in the day. Or rather, while the compositions as such might be just that they were never performed in these arrangements to the public at large back then. Perhaps with the exception being some major fairs, tournaments and other major events. Instead we're dealing with folk music as I would imagine was played and performed by ensembles and groups to the higher class back in the middle ages. Richly arranged, with chamber music qualities, music of a kind I would suspect might be heard on chosen occasions at castles and manors. If at all, that is.The thing is that medical chamber music most likely is more a fact of medieval fantasy than medieval fact. It is a ploy and sound collage often used in moves and TV-series, but if there ever were actual resources and interest in musical arrangements of this character back in the day I don't know. That's something historians with a special interest in culture will have to answer. But the associations one gets when listening to this music is as described above.In the case of Aeternum the acoustic guitar have replaced the lute though, and the flute and violin possibly much less used than when the songs covered were written, or in some cases where the compositions inspired by de facto medieval music was constructed. I haven't tracked the origins of these songs, so I don't know if they are all creatures of their time or if some are contemporary cultural fantasies.Be that as it may be. Acoustic guitar, hand drums, flute and strings are at the core here, in compositions either melancholic or uplifting in spirit, with a slightly timeless feel to them that will transport the mind of the listener back to the days of yore. Music of the kind that the people behind computer games such as Dragon Age and Elder Scrolls, in a perfect world, should have bought and used as soundtracks for their fantasy worlds, as they would have fitted in perfectly.Medieval chamber music with the heart and soul in folk music rather than classical music is what "Ancient Beauty" is about, and at least partially contemporary rearrangements of ancient material at that. How much of it that is actual medieval music and how much that belong in the realm of medieval fantasy I don't know, but it is a pleasant musical experience, performed excellently by skilled musicians. If you like this type of music this is a band that you should investigate, if you don't then this act won't convince you. But it is a high quality specimen of it's kind.
Have purchased a few of these &#8220;subliminal&#8221; recordings in the last few months. They consist of some light sound effects with a nice little hum in the back ground. Not sure if they really do help, but I have had them on in the background while I slept.Sorry this one&#8217;s sounds like an amplifier overdrive. To obnoxious to listen too.
Initially I thought the music a little too upbeat for its intended purpose but gave it a chance. It did allow my overactive brain a chance to focus and I eventually fell asleep. I didn't necessarily wake up feeling 'well rested',  but I did get more sleep than I usually average a night. This was only the first time, I look forward to trying it again.
This one seems to help me get to sleep but I can't say that it takes the place of a full nights sleep or that it makes a nap feel like a lot more than a nap. But nice music.
This is definitely easy on the ears.  From the opening song Tim Reeves takes you on a journey.  Tracks 2,5, and 13 are my favorites.
This is an ok set of songs. I would have liked the music to be a bit brighter and more robust but again its ok.
i like the music quite well, however (and mind you, i do not have any idea how recording or whatever works) however, the volume levels from song to song are so different i find myself struggling to hear one song, so turning volume up, then jumping when next song starts...as i tried to use this for a meditation/restoration class THAT was a problem
I bought because it was a scripture based meditation.  When you listen, it is a little distracting because the facilitator is a bit verbose.  Not ideal for meditation, it is just okay.
The performance track is great! I am thrilled to find more than the original key of F available. However, when I downloaded the MP3 version & burned the CD so I can sing this at church, I realized I have no way of obtaining the written words/music to this track. There should be some way of downloading the printed music, too. Obviously, no one buys an accompaniment CD just to hear the music; it's designed to be used to sing with it. So, having the written words is pretty important. Guess I'll have to do it myself.
As I listened to the cd it was obvious that the musicians are incredibly talented, and work wonderfully together.The rhythms, really crab you and make you want to move.The lyrics were average, the vocals were good, just not my type of songs.over all it is a very good worship cd with loads of passion,even if it is a bit traditional.
nice
This album is just okay, not something I find myself listening to often...But, I can definitely see it as background music, like at a spa or while getting a massage.
can't beat this for the price, 30 mins for .89 cents!  works well for quiet times and qi gong. go for it.
I got this music for massage, but it makes me nervous after listening for a while.  I cannot explain it.
Wish I could have heard a bit of the songs,  was not the song I was trying to find. Will keep looking... :(
I give this album 3 stars for the following cons and pros. The cons are that this album did not have the most awesome beats or lyrics. The beats were O.K., and the lyrics were O.K. The pros are that this album speaks the truth and speaks the heart of what the artist has experienced in life. I feel that speaking from the heart is something that is lacking in a lot of music, (Christian and secular), today. Another pro about this album is that I personally liked every song on the album. The songs were not outstandingly great, but good enough to suggest someone to check it out.
Thi'sl has always been a fav of mine but I didn't think he could hold down his own CD.  This guy has a distinctive voice and I love to hear him on otha cats albums for a change of pace, BUT........ I'm impressed with this CD.  First of all... Dis cat is rizeal!  I can tell he is flowin his heart out in a few of these cuts.  Second, the production of this CD is on point.  There are about 5 cuts on this album that are rotation quality.  4 U Ridas..."Windows Down" is the signature cut (and instant classic) on this CD but there are a few others ya can't sleep on like "Baby Girl".HOWEVER, some of the tracks sound a little "popcorn" which don't really blend wit Thi'sl gritty style.  Also, this is definately a "milk" CD....not much lyrical "meat"....but he does do a hot cut on forgiveness and deals wit some personal issue dat I KNOW da street can feel...  Overall.....givin it 3.5 / 3.75 It'll spin....and save souls.....a beautiful combo..
It wasn't great but it's not bad. There are a song or two that stands out but for the most part it's a normal christian CD.
Rated: 3.4 Starsbut the album is still a little dim. Hold on, First let me state something slightly off topic or it's more like a question. What is going on here at amazon? Albums keep becoming unavailable for Download that I bought. Why is this? Anyway this is my first Dillon Chase album. Got it in May of 2010. I never like to do this but I think a comparison will and probably has been made to Trip Lee. As their style is slightly similar. I'm not going to dwell on that. Like always I want to get my ratings out the way.1. The Pursuit [5/5]2. Brights On [5/5]3. I Got To [4/5]4. Truly Representin' Him [4/5]5. Back To The Cross [4/5]6. I Fail You [2/5]7. Hear Me out [3/5]8. I Pray [2/5]9. Die For the Brethren [3/5]10. Walk Worthy [4/5]11. Something's New [5/5]12. Live Holy [2/5]13. Dive In [3/5]14. What Do You Pursue? [4/5]15. Don't Cry [3/5]16. That's Love [2/5]17. Get to Know Christ [3/5]18. Last One [4/5]Overall 3.44 [nice]The Pursuit is hindered by a few road blocks. Mainly songs were Chase attempts to slow speak sing? (IDK) where I start to tune out. Thankfully that's only about 2 tracks. It's a decent album. You'll hear Chase letting you know about his past living situation and realized he needed to make a change. It's nice to hear a Christian Rap album where a guy is not mentioning how bad in the streets he use to be. Give the samples a listen (if you still can).
For the most part I like doing massage to this CD.There are only two or three tracks on this CD that I feel the need to skip.
I have recently become interested in NLP (Neurolinguistic Programming) and came across Michael's work from a recommendation from a friend. I have pros and cons about my listening experience with "Just Your Luck - Beginning to Change with Nlp & Guided Imagery for Personal Development";  so it here isThe ProsFirst, I like the introduction on what inspired him to write and record this particular piece on luck: And is there is such a thing as good, bad or no luck.Second, I like the several tie-ins and examples he used throughout this mp3. I would go in detail but that would be giving away the entire essence of this man's work.Third, I like the several mental imagery exercises that Michael has the listening throughout session.The ConsFirst, I did not like it that Michael spent a huge portion of the session going over the legal disclaimer (10 to 12 min) if I am not mistaken; to me, it took me back to the law school days, where I was sitting through one of my law school courses with a boring professor. At one point, I had to fast forward just to get to the topic at hand.Second, although I somewhat enjoyed listening to "Just Your Luck - Beginning to Change with Nlp & Guided Imagery for Personal Development", the music was boring. If I had a recommendation but I would recommend that music be just slightly mid-tempo, upbeat. And have more than one song playing while the author narrates.Finally, I would recommend buying it: As I mention before, If I had to grade this, I would give it more of a B Minus or in simple terms 3 and half stars out of Five.
I've been a big Indelible Grace fan for a good long while. I love most of their stuff and play a lot of it in church, and have the utmost respect and thanks for Kevin and the gang.but this isn't a very strong album in my opinion. however, track 4 is such a good song is worth the price of the whole album, and track 10 is really good too. the rest are hit-or-miss, as the melodies and arrangements aren't quite as strong as previous albums. if you're new to Indelible Grace, start with albums 3, 4 or 5.
The single voice chanting is low, gravelly, other-worldly.It could have produced a wonderfully inspirational CD, as well as a great teaching tool.But you have the sense listening to the man chant that he's doing it strictly against his will.That would explain why he pronounces every syllable with such lack of clarity. He doesn't want anyone to know what he's chanting.Or maybe it's his mood.In any case, it's a shame for those who are wanting to learn how to chant.I hope that he gives it another shot and records a second time.It could really be great.
I can't say that it's bad but there is nothing that is particularly good about it either.  It has about a 1 min scripture reading(which are well done) in the beginning of each track followed by about five minutes of less than great meditation music.  There is a composition that does something similar called the Word became Flesh, is amazingly beautiful!! I was expecting something similar, however it is not, I would not buy it again
This is not their best effort, but an intriguing one.  I love the harmony these three generate.  I recommend it to all.
Paid top price for this one, it is OK, but I won't be buying another one of her CD's. Sorry.
This review applies specifically to the mp3 download version of this album.  The music is amazing, I give it 5 stars.  It's the type of music that lets you get swept away in the Spirit.  However, Amazon did a VERY poor job of converting the album to mp3, which is why I rate it only 3 stars overall.  The album is really intended to be one continuous melody, where one track flows perfectly into the next.  But the method Amazon used to create the mp3s causes there to be an abrupt end to each track with about an additional second of silence tacked on.  When burned to a CD and played end to end, it sounds awful.  Instead of a smooth transition from one song to the next, you get a sudden stop, then a couple seconds of silence, followed by an immediate resumption of the next song.  It sounds like flipping a switch off and then back on.  To get around this problem I actually had to use my own audio editing software to create a fade out effect at the end of each track and a fade in effect at the beginning, so the tracks would appear to flow into each other.  A royal pain and very time consuming, but this album was worth the effort.  It is one of the best praise albums I have ever heard where you can allow yourself to just soak in God's love.  I highly recommend the album, but buy the complete CD instead of the mp3s.
Breathe CD is just okay. The music quality not good and her voice is drowned out by her playing. Over-rated because of lack of quality
Many of the short tunes on this album are cheerful, some quiet.  I throughly enjoyed listening to this album and look forward to hearing it again very soon.
Great except for the heavy breathing type sound in the middle of the track. It runs for about 15 minutes and is very distracting to me. If not for that I'd give it 5 stars.
Does give you sounds you might hear in a forest -- birds, a babbling brook, Chewbacca yawning (at least, that's what it sounds like). Or at least gives you a few-minute-clip of sounds you might hear in a forest repeated multiple times over an hour.  As a housebound person who misses the forest terribly, even that refrain is nice. However, if you actually have access to a forest, you may find it a mediocre substitute.
This starts out O.K. Soothing bird sounds and cricket chirps, but then some loud cawwing bird &#34;flys&#34; in and disturbs the peacefulness
I'm huge Pettidee fan, but I was disappointed with this album. I absolutely loved Thug Love and was hoping for more.  I feel that he toned down his attitude in his flows, and the hard hitting annunciations of Dwayne's style have been replaced with a melancholy sung/slurred vibe.  Message aside, I just don't feel the style of this album.
Not Pettidee's best.  It's good, but not great.  I liked Thug Love and Resurrections WAY better.
What ever happened to Pettidee's old group Southern Swat, They were hot and that guy Preacher Boy... Does he still work with them?
This is the first solo album by Michael Phillips, but it's definitely not his first outing. Mike has appeared on lead guitar with the mighty Deliverance on `Stay Of Execution' (1992), `Live In The Studio' (1993) and `As Above, So Below' (2007). In the gap, he was guitarist for Fasedown on their self-titled debut `Fasedown' (2001) and `Blitz Of Anguish' (2004). He has pulled in a whole host of friends for his solo album `Mirrors Within Mirrors' (2009).The album opens with a metallic instrumental, before delivering two epic tracks. `Mirrors Within Mirrors Part 1' has three sections and clocks in at 9 minutes and features lead vocals by Devin Shaeffer (Fasedown, Once Dead) and guest vocals by Mark Solomon (Crucified, Stavesacre). `Mirrors Within Mirrors Part 2' sees Mike Phillips on lead vocals with guest vocals by Jimmy Brown (Deliverance, Jupiter VI) appearing near the end. This stretches the realms of progressive metal into orchestral proportions as it has six movements and extends to 15 minutes.Then the album takes a left turn into classical guitar territory with a cover of Bach's "Prelude #3 from The Well Tempered Clavier". After another acoustic track it ramps back up with `Anthem'. This is back in thrash territory with tough vocals by Devin Shaeffer contrasting with the clean vocals of Scott Wallace.From then on it starts to become more demanding on the listener. There are three acoustic tracks before you get to a cover of Deliverance's `It's A Beat' with the rough vocals of Scott Waters (Ultimatum, Once Dead). Then it's back to an acoustic track, followed by praise & worship and ending with a spanish/latin guitar instrumental.There are only five tracks that contain vocals, so unless you are a guitar aficionado you may lose interest. The technical proficiency and production is excellent, but the album loses steam after the first three tracks and stalls after `Anthem'. The album clocks in at 73 minutes and would have been better without all of those acoustic instrumentals.
The music in and of itself is basically an easy listening/soothing sound. However, I wasn't convinced of its healing properties.
It just didn't speak to me like FIND REST did right off the bat.  The first song didn't speak to my spirit.  InfactI thought I had gotten the wrong CD; a CD that was not by Julie True.
This is a gospel CD with a very modern unique urban sound. Angelia has a distinctive,jazzy voice which brings to mind Nina Simone, very real and raw.Congratulations on your CD
Downloaded this based on the short audio clip. Starts out slow and majestic but when the full choir sings the refrain, the recording "goes into the red." Distorted in the loudest parts. I'm sorry I bought this.
I bought this for the Oregon song and was hoping to find some other songs on it that were good but... well... all of his other songs sound kind of the same.  Maybe it just wasn't my style.
I just wanted to hear this again.  We had the record when I was a kid.  I doubt I will listen to it very often
It's ok, gets the job done but there are better ones out there for the price. However it's still a pretty good sound
I ordered Jordan's c.d because he is a talented person and I had one of his other c.d's and is was the bomb. I like the newer c.d more than this one but all in all it;s o.k.
Not bad album...but why isn't the contributing artist names listed on the tracks?!  This is shabby selfish promotion.  Give credit to whom credit is due!!!!  My Best Friend is a pretty good track, why isn't the contributing artist listed, among others?!!!!!!
I really wanted to like this cd since I have heard so many good things about the Wilds music. However I thought it was just so so . A lot of it sounds the same.
Freddie Ashby has the voice of an angel!!!!  I consider him to be the white Luther Vandross- he's such an amazing vocalist and singer.  But I wouldn't purchase this album unless you still listen to early soft rock music from the 80's or 90's.  I think if I had purchased this album 10-20 years ago I would have been soooo blown away!!!  But its about 20 years later and some of the sound effects of earlier days sound quite corny now.  Think about Miami Vice series and the soundtracks/musics in their episodes.  Now be thankful that I warned you:-)I would wait till Freddie comes out with another album so he can blow you away!!!  He truly has an amazing voice and I love listening to him on YouTube, or even Alex Boye's recent albums.To be fair, its best to buy some songs from his album.  I do find it to be a relaxing album on the drive to work... but nothing that makes me go gaga.  On this album the more noteworthy songs are:1) If2) The Gift3) The Greatest Tragedy4) Where You Are5) Pass the Love On6) Children of the WorldSome songs have the possibility of being great wedding reception music.
This cd was ok.  It was a few songs that I really enjoyed.  It won't be a cd I listen to frequently.
Well...hopefully some more reviews will show up.  I previewed the whole CD and wow ya know...Smokie, it sounds like you went straight up "church" on this one.  Which is cool, that's cool sometimes I'm all for the old school 1940s-1970s style sometimes, that was nice and all.  But ya know...ya know Smokie it just ain't it really.  I didn't hear anything in there I haven't heard before.  Now I haven't bought the CD or anything that's why I gave it the three stars but based on the preview, it tastes, smells, and sounds like "old school church."  Probably great for some, but not for me.  I'll probably have to wait for the next one.
This CD had the potential to be the best Solfeggio music out there. However, the abrupt beginnings and endings of each track left me feeling like the album was a sampler of music cut-and-paste out of longer tracks, which makes the CD very amateurish. The endings are jarring, certainly not optimal for meditation.
Saint was one of the pioneering Christian heavy metal bands of the eighties. They are fondly remembered for `Times End' (1986) and `Too Late For Living' (1988) where they had a style similar to Judas Priest and Iron Maiden. They reformed in 1999 and self-released `In The Battle' (2004), `The Mark' (2006) and `Crime Scene Earth' (2008).The main problem with the latter release was that Josh Kramer only sang on three songs; whilst bassist Richard Lynch sang the other six songs and his vocals were universally disliked by fans. Retroactive Records have re-recorded, remixed and remastered the album to give us the CSE 2.0 version. Here Josh Kramer returns to do all the vocals and the classic influences of Judas Priest and Accept can be heard.The production now makes it sound like a 70's metal release with clearer rhythm guitar and drums. My personal opinion is that the album only really gets going towards the end with their cover version of the Judas Priest track `Invader'. Jerry Johnson and Dee Harrington finally unleash some much needed riffage in `Bended Knee' and the lyrics in `Lost' are a tribute to the 80's metal scene.So whilst this is an improvement over their independent release, I would bear in mind the old saying "You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear". Unless you are a die-hard Saint fan, I would suggest skipping this album and get their excellent new release `Hellblade'.
I purchased this CD for the title song.  I just love this song.  From the first time I heard it, I searched for the artist.  I enjoyed some of the others as well. Truthfully, I was expecting a different soloist, but the lyrics are very meaningful to me and for that reason I am pleased.
I played "Porcelain" again recently. It is the better of the two CD's from Helen Jane Long. I found this new one "Embers" did not achieve my expectations (too high?)after that first debut CD in that a lot of these new pieces' piano parts seem redundant. There are no surprises, no favorites that stand out on this album. Rather it is a pleasant afternoon of mostly familiar sounding background music.Good music, no doubt and I do like it, but that's it, Nothing set me on fire. Also while I appreciate the new cardboard envelope vs a jewel box holding the CD I would like a little background on the songs - what inspired her to write them, why is this the name of this piece etc. which she also did not do for the first album. Too bad. Overall, I was hoping for more from Ms Long.
UK Christian metal band Stairway returned in 2010 with their fifth studio album, titled Interregnum. Stairway's melodic traditional metal sound put them in the same general league as Barren Cross and Sacred Warrior, yet they always seemed to exist way below the radar, even in Christian metal circles.Beneath the apocalyptic cover artwork by Rodney Matthews (Asia, Magnum), Interregnum is a very solid traditional metal album with a fairly epic feel. The band has been active long enough to have developed a signature sound, and they've certainly come a long way since they debuted on theWhite Metal Warriors: Last Ship Homecompilation. The musicianship, vocals and songwriting are all quite good. Unfortunately they're hindered by a lackluster production job that sucks the life and power out of the songs. Stairway is literally talking about the end of the world and the fate of your soul, and they're doing it with power chords and soaring vocals, yet that never seems to come across like it should. It's like there is a wall that keeps everything to a lifeless middle ground. You can't help but wonder what this album would sound like in the hands of a Dennis Ward or Magnus Karlsson.Now, Stairway is a Christian band, and their lyrics reflect that. They're not ambiguous about their faith like Stryper, nor are they a Sunday sermon set to music like Petra or Whitecross. They are, however, unapologetically evangelical, so the religious nature of the songs can get a bit tedious if you don't happen to share the band's faith.Production issues aside, Interregnum is a perfectly solid album that will no doubt please most Stairway followers and should be heard by any serious Christian metal fans. Beyond those groups though, it's probably not an album that's going to impress the larger metal community.
A drum and electric guitar does not make songs rock songs.  A large part of the selection of this "Rock" album is Church Worship music.  Don't misunderstand, I love worship music, but if I'm listening to Rock music it should ... well ... rock. There was a day when Christian Bands were rejected by the Church for the most part and the bands wrote music to share their new faith with non-believers, or to challenge a complacent Church.  The problem with this Christian Rock album is that it has very few actual "Rock" songs.  If you want a slick up-tempo Church music and worship album this might be worth a try.  But a best of Christian Rock that doesn't have any cuts from the great Christian Rock Bands that actually played Rock, seems to be a misnomer.  To make matters worse, the songs are all inferior remakes of the originals.  To be fair perhaps what I wanted to see from a best of Christian Rock album was a nice collection of songs (or at least a few cuts) from the great "classic" Christian Rock bands such as Petra, DeGarmo & Key, Rez, White Heart, Sweet Comfort Band, Randy Stonehill, Larry Norman, etc.  And in a sense my critique is of the whole Christian Music Industry, can we please break out of our church music ghetto?Some nice Church music here, although this version of Lord I lift Your Name on High is pretty bad, but whoever put this best of collection together I don't believe understood Christian Rock, because "Shout to the Lord" is a great worship song, not a great rock song.  And since most of the songs on this album are remakes I have no idea why anyone wouldn't pay the same amount of money to get the original recordings readily available.  Reliant K, Jars of Clay, Kutless, they know how to rock, but this album doesn't, nor did the persons putting this collection together, at least they didn't know or understand Christian Rock.Will McDonald
Very enjoyable cd. Not one of my favorites from Josh Wilson but still entertaining. My favorite cd from Josh Wilson is See You.
This CD wasn't overly great but it is good. Something's got to change is good and its powerful to think about in this world today, but even the catchy songs just didn't click with me all the way. I like them but don't listen to it all the time.
I've been a big fan of G1C since their self-titled debut a few years back. Ordinary Dreamers was an absolutely outstanding album so I was super-psyched to buy this 5 song EP. Does Spacebound measure up and do we have something to look forward to with "Outta Space Love" releasing later this year? Tentatively yes!The Pro'sSound and beat wise G1C is at the top of their game. The beats are catchy and lean towards the techno-ish side (with 3 of the 5 songs). The raps are tight and Bianca's vocals are as smooth as ever. Overall I think I like the sound of Spacebound the best so far!The Con'sOne of the things I have always liked about G1C is their theocentric-heavy lyrics. In other words, they talk about God a lot which is something many "Christian" bands mysteriously do very little of. Heck, Ordinary Dreamers even had some theology intertwined in the beats in songs like "Keys to the Kingdom" and "Live out loud". Songs like "Our Time", "Closer", "Change", and "iContact" left no room for misunderstanding as to their messages. Spacebound seems a little, well, shallower. I am certainly not saying that its all gone but of the 5 songs only "Walking on the Stars" is truly vertical. I see the message in "Beautiful" and like the song but the others are just fun songs with a Christian reference or two. Don't get me wrong, I like fun songs, I really do, but Christian music needs more songs about...Christ, the mainstream has plenty of songs about partying. Ordinary dreamers had its share of fun songs too, it was a good mix, hopefully Outta Space Love will follow suit. You might think I am nit-picking here but I have been a devoted fan of the Christian music industry since 1994 and have seen one to many bands "start out" Christian and then sell out to the mainstream as soon as they get popular. I am really hoping G1C doesn't continue this dismal tradition.
This was a good starting plan for Phinehas. These would essentialy be the first Rough Drafts of this amazing band. I wouldn't buy or reccomend it to anyone who isn't a dedicated fan like myself. You shouldn't introduce Phinehas with any of the songs of this ep, because it isn't as well produced and developed as the next albums
I like Sheila and have other albums of hers; I like the songs on this album. But if you're looking for Celtic sound, you won't find much of it here. She presents these songs pretty much like other artists do, and in some cases, not up to par with the original artist for the song. Note the Track 4 echoes of "yeah, yeah!" -- since when is that Celtic?? Sounds like California tunes in the '60's. Definitely not fitting for the message of full surrender to a holy God. In sum, seems like this was named Celtic, and songs popularized by other artists were included, all as a way to market one more CD.
This is the first CD I have purchased of Dave Fitzgerald and it is pretty good:)  I would buy this album again:)
As most of you know, who read my reviews of music, I collect music for background sounds while I am working. I like to have instrumental music or white noise going on while I work or study. This album was inexpensive and provided a lot of nice white noise. Nothing great, but nice. It was worth the money - which was &#60; $2
Its okay  I have others that are more soothing that I can actually get to sleep by.  I'd recommend them first.
some of the sounds in this one are a little too loud, and wake me up if i try to use this one for sleep.  So, best save this one for meditation and not sleeping.
Ordered to show my son that Christian dubstep is out there as well.  There are a couple of songs that I can definitely see as being uplifting, but all in all, sounds like more dubstep to me.
It works well for mediation, but we did find the singing bowls to be distracting for when trying to clear the mind when preparing for sleep.
I thought it would be a bit better but it was not a bad CD, what threw me off the most was the beats were just doing too much maybe it was just me?
unlike others I have heard, her voice seemed strained, not so much soaking as it is commanding, kinda misunderstood what it was intended for, and believe it works well for that ,but  just not what I was expecting.
I LOVE BISHOP MORTON'S MUSIC - ESPECIALLY HIS "BOW DOWN" BUT THIS VERSION WAS WAY SHORTER THAN I THOUGHT.  WONT PLAY IT MUCH - I GUESS I WILL HAVE TO BUY THE ALBUM.
I was expecting something a little more mystical, but this cd is too simplistic and some of the background sounds are instrusive rather than relaxing. The best point is the narrator's lovely voice.
This is a good way to stay in Mary's presence without having to do formal prayer. The familiar music can increase one's devotion in quiet prayerful attitude, even while working.
PLAYED THIS DISK AND IT GETS YOU TO THE POINT OF ALMOST DOZING OFF WHEN THERE IS THIS LOUD HOOT (OWL), WHICH CAUSES YOU TO WAKE RIGHT UP.  THIS HAPPENS SEVERAL TIMES DURING THE PLAYING OF THE DISK.WHO EVER PRODUCED THIS DISK, MUST HAVE THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD JOKE!!!!  WHAT WAS HE NUTS.  HE SHOULD HAVE BLANKED THAT OUT, IF A REAL OWL HOOTED DURING THE RECORDING.  IT WAS SUPPOSE TO RELAX YOU????RICHARD L. SHOCKLEY
Excellent musicality, Good performance of old standards in the Black Church. Keeping a tradition alive. May become a benchmark for making gospel music in the future.
"Without the sun I am in darkness, so be the light, the light that shines through...I won't be afraid to step into your flame, to burn in you."Achor is a mellow, calm, worship-filled album by Josh White. He uses multiple instruments from a slide guitar in the first track, "He Who Feeds The Ravens", to soft pipe instruments in "To Burn In You."The album has a backyard feel with mostly acoustic instruments. Throughout the album he goes from sounding similar to The David Crowder Band to a more country vibe to a worship leader.White has a confident voice that speaks above the music. The second track, "Holy Ghost Revival," is a upbeat, bluegrass song that has prayers and worship in it.  The second verse is a prayer for the spirit of God to move.White has been leading worship for ten years. He was a pastor/worship leader at Solid Rock Church in Portland, OR. The album title Achor means "trouble" in reference to Hosea 2:15 "the valley of Achor as a Door of Hope."White said the album was birthed out of the process of learning more about Jesus and is an expression of growing closer to Jesus as the body of Christ.
This cd was a little disappointing.  I had heard him live and what I heard was on the cd and I liked it but I wasn't crazy about the rest of it.  This is why I prefer downloading only the songs I like.
This album was the first time I had purchased The Hoppers music, I was expecting more of what I hear on the Gaither shows, I love the Hoppers and will buy again. This just wasn't one of my favorite albums
Great swamp cricket sound with friendly bugs. Consistant volume. My favorite album.... but....... NO BURN RIGHTS.  It won't copy CD.....too bad
The crickets sound like they are electronically produced. They don't sound as peaceful as the ones you would hear in a forest.
Speaking from someone who has just about everything Sandi has released album wise this project is just so/so. There is no reason why she can't record more new songs instead of adding &#34;We shall behold him&#34; which is featured on like at least four of her albums now. I'd love to hear her take a hymn that she hasn't already done and put her Sandi spin on it.I miss all the background vocals she use to have too they seem to be fading a little with each album, to me they add to the dynamics in her voice. But all in all it is still a nice CD.
Was hoping for a little deep &#34;croak croak&#34;.  Instead it was like listening to a cricket caught under your bed at night.  Not condusive to sleep and relaxation.  Too bad, but most of the nature sounds from Joe Baker are great, especially rain/thunderstorms.
Was hoping for more, beats sounded lackluster and the lyrics were not as crisply delivered as I like to hear. Konviction is trying to bring some heat, but it just wasn't distinctive enough. Let's hope Vol.2 is a better effort.
My wife and I came across this when she was looking for a particular song to sing for an event at church.  She always prefers to use original backing tracks, but with some of the older songs, they are hard to find because they simply didn't make them.  If you need a certain song it is nice that this option is available in the event an original backing doesn't exist, however the quality of the instruments, arrangement, and recording simply don't come anywhere close to studio or the original's quality.  If you can't find a better backing it can be a purchase, but make sure you have exhausted your other options first.
I liked the message and the presentationThey have great harmonies. It very well done with a quality sound.A timely  message for Christmas.
My overall feeling concerning  &#34;A Hymn Revival&#34; by Lower Lights is that it is too much of an OK thing.  One or two -catchy and clever, more that that -reach for the off button, or at least pause -a very long pause.
Two or three of the songs are very powerful and clever in their delivery. At least two, IMHO, a little bit on the offensive side-- that is too much liberty is taken in jazzing up the tune to the point it made the hymn sound trivialized. The lead singer has an interesting voice-- but sometimes he sounded slightly off to me. My favorite by far is the rendition of Ye Elders of Israel.
This is okay, I work with a lot of Hypnosis and Mediation and I'm not finding this personally to be very beneficial for me. It might be fine for someone that isn't in my field.
Bueno la verdad que compre el album por una sola cancion que me encanta.  Grande y Fuerte..La verdad que no he dedicado tiempo en escuchar las demas canciones.
Miel San Marcos es una bendicion para nuestra Iglesia,.Sus canciones son tomados como punto de referencia. es una lastima que en la pais, Rep. Dom. casi no se distribuyan sus cds, pero siempre los tendremos mientras haya esta herramienta de compra.Bendiciones
I got this album in 2008 when Phil was trying to get known. He was giving it away as a free download....and he may still be doing that on his website for all I know. It's just his vocal, an acoustic guitar and the crowd singing. It's hard on the ears when listening through headphones because it's all highs. Need some bass to balance it out. Not as annoying on the home stereo because it auto enhances the sound for me.I'm not a fan of Phil's singing. It's too high pitched for my liking. If his vocals were more my flavor, I might love this album. Instead it's just OK. I like his songs that get picked up and recorded by other artists! He's a pretty good songwriter but I don't care to hear him sing on an album. I've seen him live and he's much better live than on this album, probably because he has a band with him. Very few people can rock a crowd of 3,000 with just his voice and guitar....and Phil isn't one of them.In my opinion, he could have included a drummer and bass on this acoustic album to help it have balance and drive. He tries to drive some of the songs by strumming on his guitar loudly, but you can only get a little bit of "umpff" from an acoustic guitar no matter how hard you strum it or beat on it.
I guess is too soon to tell if this is going to work. However, for .99 cents you can't go wrong.
This is the first time I've listened to Caedmon's Call. As a music composer and arranger of 15 years I listen to many different styles of music. I particularly like the style of "Rising Up the Dead." I haven't listened to their older material so have no bases of comparison.The reason I gave it a three star was for the following reasons. One, the vocals are not very strong. Maybe that's their sound. Second is the song structure. I never understood where the songwriters were coming from in their message, especially being a Christian band (an assumption) I didn't hear any Christian message. Last, in many of the songs I couldn't tell where the verse vamped into the chorus. The chorus is supposed to be the strongest part of the song. The real grabber of the song and I never felt grabbed.Caedmon's Call is a good band for who they are. Don't disappoint yourself by comparing them to another band or sound.
This CD is a soothing, meditative prayer that is repeated at intervals by a man with a hypnotic voice and nice relaxing music. However, I would not call it true lectio Divina which usually is even more simplified- a single word like love or short phrase- such as "GOd is LOve" repeated slowly in a breathing type pattern- until one forgets about one's natural surroundings. The problem with this is that the prayer for forgiveness and to forgive- which is a great way to start the meditation and prepare for Lectio Divina should then be dropped for a simpler phrase- in order to be transcended from this world we have to forgive and then forget about the hurts- not be reminded every 10 minutes.
I do believe in subliminal messaging, but I think it works best when you are comfortable listening to whatever background comes with it. When I listen to this I cannot listen to it with the volume up much, because there is sounds of a fire going in a fireplace and sounds of wind. The fireplace sound is an actual recording of a fire crackling and popping and then the sound of a strong wind storm. When the volume is turned up on this, the fireplace sounds hurt my ears and I can't seem to relax unless I turn down the volume. That's why I titled the review what I did. This I believe is more effective if you can tolerate the sounds that cover the subliminal messaging. Nature sounds don't relax me much like that it might with others. Synthesizer tones, binaural beats, or isochronic tones seem to work best for me as far as relaxation goes.
A strong release from this veteran southern gospel group. Several catchy tones here and all of them with a strong Biblical message. Some of the best efforts here include "I Get To", a guitar driven melody that reminds us all to be thankful for all that we have and "I Just Feel Like Something Good Is About To Happen" a cajun style, squeezebox featured song that gets us looking toward the things God has for us ahead. The title track begins with what I like to call the 3 Bridges shuffle but swiftly moves into great harmonies. Some of the weaker songs are "It took His Breathe Away" a ballad that just misses the mark and the last track "Journey's End".  All in all I recommend this album for an enjoyable time of honoring God with great harmonies from a great group of guys.
The instruments used were really unusual and the music was very upbeat.  I wasn't as impressed with the other songs on this.
This was Twila Paris's first album under a major label.  However, the style she is now famous for will not be found on here.  Instead, the music and Twila's singing sounds more like a sound-alike of Sandi Patti.  There are some great songs nonetheless, such as Elijah, Turn Around, Spring Water, and Victory Song.  That's not to say Twila does a bad job on these songs - her voice is beautiful; rather, these are not as good as her later efforts.  Still, it's a nice listen if you're a fan of Twila's and want to hear some of her earliest music.
Good gospel music, but personally the prior album was better.  The reason for purchasing this album was the song, &#34;Who I Am&#34;.  Great song to meditate on.  This is still an Awesome group.
Audrey's song "Restless" is an amazing, simply gorgeous song.  I was excited to find the accompaniment tracks as an mp3 download, but was still slightly disappointed.  I generally go to Christian bookstores to find tracks so that I can listen to them beforehand to see if it is a version I like, but I was familiar with the Premiere Performance Plus name and their usual good quality, so I purchased based on that.This track is NOT the complete album version, though it is not really missing anything important.  The album version of the song is 4:55 long, but the track you are getting here is about 4:20.  There are no lyrics really missing, but some of the instrumental transition is cut, which (for me) means that it will take a bit of practice to get used to those places where you're expecting a moment to pause, but don't actually get one.  Personally, when I go looking for a track to sing, I like to get as close to the original as possible.  The preview doesn't really help in identifying those little places where things are cut, but I guess that's what you're getting into when you get an mp3 download.So I give it 3 stars, because there are no lyrics included with the purchase (although they are easy enough to find online) and if you're not as picky as I am, this is still a good version.  And I may still use it, so it's not a total loss.  Just be aware (if you ARE picky like me) that this is a slightly shortened version.
Saw a Youtube video with this guy play and was blown away. Bought the album and overall his vocals and guest vocals are mediocre and the lyrics predictable hippie verses. Perhaps better to have grab individual tracks than the whole album.
These kids tried real hard to modernize the hymn, and on a few cuts, they succeeded with stellar results.  I like the title of the record &#34;Everything is Sacred.&#34;  A good reminder.
Honestly, I don't think this is very "country". It sounds to me like they are just playing a verse or two out of a hymn book - which I have absolutely NO problem with, it just isn't anything super special. The songs are quite short. Overall nice playing, and I think it's a great listen.
Its got beats. Its got the lyrics. But it's a lacking all of that really good spiritual stuff that he used to include on his albums. It's a decent album so you'll listen to it when wanting to just hear some beats but you'll switch to others when you want to be fed spiritually and get the word.
As i was listening to the samples i liked these songs for the youth and young adult men of our future. these songs gave me some uplifting in the youthful way. so i bought the cd for my sons and the youth and young men in my church, and of course myself. PRAISE GOD!!
NICE CD i only like 2 songs on it..But i purchased it for someone else anyway.he really likes the cd.
The performances on the cd are all very good. I would recommend this cd for personal worship.  I wouldn't use it in a church setting.
This is not their best work.  I enjoyed listening to it, but I had expected something more enthralling from them.
The accompaniment music is lovely, and uses a number of instruments and some vocals. This was just what I needed, as two of the songs chosen for a funeral service were included on this album, and no musicians were present for the service. One small disappointment was that one of the songs had no intro, and I needed to start singing on the very first note. That was a bit awkward. One happy surprise was that this music was pitched perfectly for an alto voice.  I look forward to using this beautiful, traditional music for future events. This is a valuable collection to have in my music library.
I have only listened to/purchased two of the tracks: "More Love to Thee/O Love That Wilt Not Let Me Go" (which has a little background vocal in it, even though it is not mentioned in the list) and "I Surrender All" (with background vocals).Obviously, since these are only accompaniment tracks, there is no demonstration recording for you to listen to, so you do need to know the song well enough to figure it out without that help.  I'm just mentioning this in case you might miss that.Be advised that there is absolutely *no* introductory music at the beginning of "More Love/O Love" -- the first note of the track is also the first note you need to sing, so if that's a problem to you, you might not want the recording.  You will need to have your starting note right there with the first plink of the piano.In "More Love" there is just a really short (two short lines) background vocal stuck in in the middle.  It would be better without that (IMO), as it is more of a distraction than a help or asset.  There are two verses of "More Love to Thee" and three for "O Love That Wilt Not Let Me Go."In "I Surrender" there are a few weird chords which I think sound bad and make it harder to sing.  The background vocal is sort of an echo on the chorus of the second and third verses.  There are three verses included.The accompaniment for "More Love/O Love" consists mostly of a digital-sounding piano, with a digital wind instrument type of sound briefly playing between the two songs and playing again beginning between the second and third verses of "O Love" and sporadically throughout that third verse, in addition to the above-mentioned brief vocal.The accompaniment for "I Surrender" consists of only a digital-sounding piano (and the BGV).
I like the album. Each song had a very familiar sound to it. Not sure if the majority of these songs were re-recorded or something. Never the less, I did like the album.
My father is from Sri Lanka, so I have an internal affinity to South Asian instruments and music.  I was first introduced to Aradhna through the band Iona.  How overjoyed I was to hear some Christian music that wasn't western in style.  Before purchasing this album, I had first purchased "Amrit Vani" which is very heavily Indian, as well as Satsang (also very heavily Indian).  I had the pleasure of seeing the video for "Mukteshwar" before purchasing "Namaste Sate".  That song is bangin' and I thought the whole album would be that way, but unfortunately, these wonderful, anointed musicians leaned a little too heavily on the western influences. :(  There are about 5 to 6 songs on here that I have added to my MP3 player, but the rest are either too western or just too loud and guitar driven (felt like the distortion was scratching my ears).  Here are the songs I like:1.Mukteshwar- wonderful song based on the beatitudes...THE BEST TRACK ON THE ALBUM5. Suralata- great upbeat feel.  The beat is kinda western, but I am used to hearing some of this in Sri Lankan music6. Asato Ma- very relaxing piece.  Chris' vocals are quite good on here.  Lots of sitar and tabla as well.7. Chosen- reminds me of Dyhana Mulam from Amrit Vani.  Starts out with drones from the sitar and is actually in the lydian mode!!!  This mode isn't used much in western pop music....I've heard it in Bollywood movies before and love the dreamy, trippy effect it produces.10. Herana- very gentle piece with Guitar and cello.  The only thing Indian about this song is the lyrics.  Nevertheless, it's very soothing and interesting.  It would have been nice to hear some Indian classical violin or sitar here.The rest of the songs are not in Aradhna's traditional style.  If I want to hear western Christian music, I will listen to my favorites: Delirious?, Tim Hughes, Chris Tomlin, Matt Redman, Laura Story, etc.  I turn to Aradhna to fill that South Asian Christian music void that no other band can fill.  I hope these lads return to their earlier style on the next album.  Nevertheless, I urge those reading this review: LISTEN TO THESE SONGS AND DECIDE FOR YOURSELF!  If you're not used to South Asian style music, this may be a good start for you (as another reviewer has mentioned).  I'm just a big fan of indigineous music that lifts Christ up. :)
I found this CD quite different from &#34;Yesterday Toady and Forever.  the songs are new but not what I expected.  she has a good voice
While I absolutely LOVE the Maranatha singers, this album was disappointing.  Yes it has all the great songs I love, but they all end abruptly.  Some just have one verse, 2 choruses, and that's it.  If you love this music, its better to buy the original source albums.
This was OK. I expected more &#34;fuller&#34; music. It was piano but not played at the fullest with all the chords. I felt like it was missing body - if that makes any sense!
Lots of songs and very well played, but most are 1 to 2 minutes long. I'd prefer less songs, but longer more complete songs.
This CD has about 24 songs with piano being the only accompanyment.  I thought it would be like an orchestra with the piano as focus but it isn't.  If you just want some quiet listening, this is the CD for you.
Good album. Not sure I was expecting the female voice being off key. A little distracting. But it is very worshipful.
I should have heeding another reviewer's words.  In truth, I don't mind when songs are covered, but these are a little bland.  Still, I like the songs that are on the album.
Dr. Cheairs has a marvelous voice.  It is unfortunate that the sound mixers who put this together didn't appear to appreciate the balance that needs to be achieved between a singer's voice and the background instrumentals.  In most of these songs the instrumentals come very close to drowning out the voice of Dr. Cheairs, and certainly detract from the lyrics.  Having female voices for his support singers actually works very well, though personally I would have preferred male voices for the support singers.  The lyrics are appropriate for Christian music.
As the other reviewers have written, Sovereign Grace is a tremendous blessing of a ministry.  I won't focus on the lyrical content of the songs; they are all excellent and theologically sound.Musically, I've never appreciated SG's music, so there's my truth-in-advertising statement up front.  I find most of it sounds predictable and forgettable. A lot of it wavers between music that is just slightly too fast and loud to be called "contemporary rock" and yet not aggressive enough to be called punk, leaving it in this lukewarm musical no-man's-land.  It's like they're trying to be radical but still sort of safe, you know?  Also, to my ears, their artists tend to sing with a distinct self-awareness vibe, which makes the album sound far more like a typical pop performance album rather than a template for worship.  I am hesitant to call that out, but others around me have independently identified the same thing, so I can't help thinking there must be something to it.  So that is how I am reviewing this album; as a Christian pop album.There are a couple of pretty good songs on this album - "You Have Been Raised" is an interesting mix of different tempos with a really catchy chorus... "We Have Been Healed" I actually introduced to a youth night where I lead worship, and it went over pretty well, I think.  And "Behold Our God" is a strong, lyrically simple track that would work well with a congregation.The rest of the songs - again, only musically - are just eh.  Not bad, not great.  If you are looking for musical innovation you are not going to find it here, or probably on any Sovereign Grace release.  I can see how certain people might like it, but I like music that is a little rougher, a little more raw and not so fancied up with perfectly clean production or wonderfully talented but ultimately interchangeable-sounding vocalists.
Sovereign Grace should be applauded for consistently supplying the Church with gospel-centred music. The wider church has at times accepted poetic words and emotionalism in the place where only gospel truths should stand. This album continues in that tradition, rejoicing in the finished work of Christ on the cross.My one complaint with this album, as with their last release "Sons & Daughters," is that with an increased emphasis on diverse arrangements and musical and melodic innovation, these songs are becoming more and more divorced from what should be their primary purpose: being used in congregational worship. Church worship teams are made of amateurs, many worship leaders are themselves people who hold full-time jobs in other vocations. Many of these songs have abrupt changes, especially from verses to chorus, changing wholesale in dynamic and feel. For the listener, this of course provides a rich and interesting experience. For the worship leader in a small local church struggling to emphasise content over musical style, it's a pottential nightmare.Let me stress that this is not so much about ability, but philosophy. Sovereign Grace has historically been all about congregational worship and serving local churches. This includes pursuing musical excellence. However, sometimes our quest for excellence obfuscates our primary quest to give glory to God.On the whole, the lyrical content is powerful and is certainly the strength of the album. This album takes hard-core, radical truths about Christ and puts them into words which can be easily sung, memorised and shared. The vocalists, in particular should be commended for excellent work. Their performances emphasize passion and response to Christ's work without sounding self-indulgent. Yet another consistent hallmark of Sovereign Grace releases.While the musical/arrangement dynamics may be too complicated and perhaps unnecessary, the style of production seems slightly more focussed and minimalist than previous releases. This enables the instrumentation to support the lyrical content without being distracting or overwhelming.The gem of the album is easily "Behold Our God" which provides clear truth with music that boils over with passion in the risen saviour and exactly what that means for believers both in grace for salvation and for daily fears and struggles. The melody is easy to learn and the chords are straightforward, yet innovative enough to provide essential support to the powerful words. Hopefully future releases move in the direction of this song as opposed to some of the less corporate-friendly songs on the album.If this were an album purely for listening, it would be 5/5 without question. However, knowing that Sovereign Grace desires to serve local churches with its music, I feel that this album falls short in that respect and may present more problems than solutions. An ideal compromise would be a live/corporate album with these wonderful songs, so that local worship leaders can access these songs without the barriers present on the album.
Since I have loved a lot of Sovereign Grace's music in the past, I decided to download this album.  I've listened to it through nearly three times now. I do like the vocalists (have always loved Shannon Harris) and the words are great, but I do not care for any of the melodies at all. They aren't catchy or easy to remember save a few of the choruses.They don't strike me at all as a song I'd like to sing in church.  I think congregations would have difficulty with the melodies.  Sovereign Grace churches always sing SGM music because they just do, but I really don't think they'll be a hit in non-SGM churches.There's no stand out song like "Before the Throne of God" or "I Will Glory in My Reedemer" or "I Stand in Awe".Maybe the album will grow on me as I listen to it more.
Pretty good album. Nothing really "grabs" you as greatness here, though. The instrumentation is good, but nothing stellar. The lyrics are solid, however, and many of the songs can be vamped up a bit and used for corporate worship. I have been using the song, You Have Been Raised, in my sets lately at church as the worship leader.GroovyChristian.com
Song for the church is pretty good.  Many of the others are okay - some less.  The style is 70's.
I have been using guided meditations for quite some time now and the "meat" of this guided meditation is about 20 minutes long, good if you have a short amount of time.  The music is a little on the corny side, and I think that she speaks a bit quickly, but she gets the job done.  Worth the price.
I downloaded this recording based upon the stellar reviews from reviewers and others who witnessed the the live production in Tempe, AZ.  While it is a rather emotional production, it does not rise to greatness.  Whether it will stand the test of general consumption is yet to be seen."Lamb of God" is a true oratorio both in scope and form, having a structure of recitative, solo and chorus based upon a religious text.  It tells the story of Christ's ministry and Resurrection through Biblical events.  The Gethsemane section is particularly poignant, perhaps the best in the recording.  Gardner certainly rises above many others.  It has a powerful message, but lacks musical depth and gravitas.The music and production is definitely done in a quasi-popular style, and the performers in this recording  appear to be mostly young adults.  The London Symphony will record most anything.  It is famous for doing movie tracks.Many Mormons tend to be rather cloistered in their musical experience.  When it comes to live classical or religious music, many Mormon's experiences end at amateur performances at their local stake center. Except for General Conference, my experience is that most Mormons don't even listen to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.  When reviewers write that this is the best music they have ever heard, then they need to broaden their experience.This certainly stands unique in its scope and power when compared to other Mormon productions, but I wonder how it will stand when compared next to standard works. (Sorry for the buzz-kill.)
Purchased music for a test run of the Cloud.  Did not enjoy the music too much, but it served the purpose.
Nice hymns, I download this to my cellphone and even used one as my ringtone for a very long time.
I DID NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM; JUST REVIEWED IT ON THE WEBSITE.SEARCHED FOR C.D. ALBUMS ON-LINE, COULD FIND ONLY CD'S SOLD SEPARATELY.I DO NOT WANT TO DOWNLOAD. WOULD PURCHASE THE GOSPEL HYMNS IF I COULD GETAN ALBUM OF THE MUSIC ON CD'S SHIPPED TO ME.
This compilation of gospel music is kind of bland. It is useful for generic background music, but not general listening
I don't listen to this much, but the songs are good traditional hymns.  I don't really use my kindle for music, this is the only one I have.
Not all the songs on this album are commonly known yet it is great for church meetings and outings as well as quiet Sabbaths.
been so long and cant recall to give an accurate review on. if i could remember more about it it wold help
Not bad but not my cup of tea. Very good hymns but not the best music for my taste . thanks
Prior to purchasing this CD, Yolanda Adams was one of those artists whose CD I would buy based on their name alone.  I love the single "Be Still" and was expecting more of the songs to be like it.  However, I see that she decided to try something a little different...most of the songs have fast beats.  Given her magnificent career, I guess she's earned the right to step outside of the box a little.  This is not a bad CD, it's just not the type of music I expect to hear from her.  When I think of a Yolanda Adams song, I think of her crystal clear voice pouring out beautiful praises.  On this CD, the first thing I notice is the music and that music distracts from her voice and the message.
I was so surprised with this latest CD.  It wasn't your normal "Yolanda Adams"!  After my review of the entire project, I'm led to believe she intended to go in a new direction from any of her previously released CDs, as it is so evident from track to track.  I know "Becoming" is ministry, but I just didn't get a sense of familiarity.  I felt like she was leading me on a new journey...a path most of us have not heard from her which isn't bad...just REALLY different.  I also sensed that Ms Adams is trying to reach a "broader" audience this time...making some of the tracks sound hollow, and very "treble" because of its Pop/Contemporary Christian feel.  Puts me in the mind of Nicole Mullens, Chris Tomlin, and Casting Crowns...which are all great artists!!!  I realize that Jesus was a minister to the masses, and so, we are therefore commissioned to go into all the world to preach the Good News of the Gospel, as well.This is what Yolanda is "ULITMATELY" doing..."BECOMING"!My favorite is "Be Still".  God Bless..
Nice Project, expected  a little more considering this group.  Should have included more traditional songs  then I would have really heard the beauty of  the choir.  Nevetherless, it was a nice project.
This is a album that you get and it has a lot of ok songs on it but it was definatly worth the money. Get the downloaded version!!
WOW tends to have a close to even split between slow and fast songs.  This year averages on the slow side.  A few of my favorite tracks are God So Loved, Testify to Love, and Healing Waters.  I could live with or without the rest of the tracks.It is important to note that the tracks are labeled incorrectly.  All of the songs are correct, but scrambled.  That is, you will have to relabel the tracks after downloading.  This is a problem with the producer, not Amazon.  I have the physical CD, and the same problem exists there.
I bought this as a training aid so I could quickly learn this in preparation for my serving as a song leader during services. It is comprehensive and fairly well produced.  For my purposes, a version that better featured the vocals and streamlined the accompaniment would be better. In some places the vocals tend to be dramatic to the point of remonding me of Broadway. That may be a function of the composition as well as the performance.I would prefer to have bought this as a physical CD instead of an MP3 download, but that may be just me being behind the times. I find it easier to pass around a CD to friends, knowing I am not making illegal copies.
I enjoyed a few songs from this artist; but Not nearly as much as her previous project that I bought.
I bought because it v said &#34;testimony&#34;. I wanted to hear how they found the church more and why. Instead the tracks talk about the controversy in the church, which is helpful. I would love to see the couple produce an inspirational work like &#34;Panthers to priest&#34; that encourage conversion. Otherwise the tasks were immensely informative.
The pop-punk band Mason Summers formed in 2005 when Mikey Scars (guitar & vocals), Lydia Danger (bass & vocals) and Mac (drums) all hooked up in Maryland, US. They released their first EP `Nostalgia' (2006) and went on to record their first full-length release `Gain The World' (2008). They have just recorded their second full-length album `Who Wants The Future?' (2011). Their sound has been compared to Green Day with other punk rock influences thrown in.Mason Summers are also huge supporters of humanitarian organizations and contributes to Compassion International [...] . They have featured on the Compassion International music compilation which helps feed thousands of hungry children worldwide. The band also donates 50% of proceeds from their merchandise to the cause.The title track `Who Wants the Future?' contemplates how people can be defined by a past event and never move on. Suddenly they find that everything around them has changed, whilst they have not "I'm like a war-time profiteer, I'm runnin' the red-lights now / I'm getting hit with a vision loud / Can I please just go home again?"`Battleflag' is a more immediate, guitar fuelled punk anthem where Mikey and Lydia trade gruff vocals. There is a quirky mid-section chorus sung by children "We'll sing our song to keep us marching on / Until the battleflag is raised / We'll sing our song until the war is done / Until the empires crash and burn away".A thumping bass line opens `Devil's Plea' along with jangling guitar and Mikey and Lydia singing alternate lines. The same song style can also be found in `Pedestal' and `Pride'. There are also ballads (All The While & Should Buildings Fall), upbeat jazziness (Lonely Planet) and a reggae track (Two Or More) for added variety.
I was looking for a Christian CD that was in the meditation style genre.  This CD is in that style, but there are some things I just can't figure out.This is not her first CD, so why in the world would there be jarring stops and starts in the middle of the music when the track name changes?  That's the kind of mistake someone makes when they're making a CD for the first time and doing it on their own.  There should be no break at all.  That is done all the time; it's very common for both music and speaking CDs.  So, that's annoying, the sudden, completely abrupt stops and starts, lasting a few seconds each, in the middle of the music.  I did download this so I don't know if the same errors occur on the CD as with the download.The other thing is, this is not very musical.  It is a CD of a person playing the same 3 or 4 chords for 40 minutes.  There's not much musicality here.Having said that, there is a truly great vibe on the CD, it feels honoring and glorifying to the Lord, and it still does what I needed it to do, and that is provide background during prayer or when I'm preparing for bed.  It is very soothing and relaxing in spite of its deficiencies.  It still accomplishes that though I wish it was better.
Tried not to buy this, I really did! Couldn't stop myself! Thinking about getting them all? I don't know? May be not?
Got their Kingdom of Heaven CD and loved it.  This did not meet the same expectations for me.  But, you may like it!
Christion Gray is &#34;deep&#34; and very creative.  He voice, without a doubt, is God-given.  Why 3 out of 5?  Its all about preferance.  I enjoy most of Christon Gray's work and this album has some good tracks with profound messages.  I just rate the album as whole three stars out of five.  Do I regret purchasing this download?  Not at all.  It's still an album you want to have in your collection.
I think the song is worth buying and hope to hear more from this artist.  I had never heard of him until I saw his video on the dasouth.com.
I have to warn you, as I wish someone had warned me.I bought this album (2 of them in fact), hoping for the same upbeat, dancing in my seat kind of sound that I got from Sarah Reeves' first two albums.  I LOVED them, by the way.When I got this cd in the mail I couldn't wait to hear the music, So I put the album in my Computer's disk drive.  At first I thought that my disk drive was off and playing things too slowly.  Then I put the CD in my Portable CD player - and found that it was the cd, not my player.  The music really is that slow in the first song, "My Cup Overflows."So I thought to myself, okay...we're off to a slow start, but things will lighten up with the next song.  I'm afraid not. The songs are all slow, serious, and more like easy listening and slow piano ballads instead of the Pop of her first two albums.What I liked: I still love the fact that Sarah Reeves is willing to bring scripture into her music, and is not afraid to name the name of Jesus.What I didn't like: I honestly found myself getting bored. This stuff would be great to put in while I try to sleep, but not for a long car drive, like the first two albums were.I suppose that Sarah Reeves is well into her twenties now, and her music is maturing with her.  But the reality is that I believe she's going to lose her fan base.  I certainly liked the music on this album or it would have been lower than 3 stars, but a whole album of this? It's excessive.I would really have appreciated a few upbeat songs, no in reality I would have liked mostly up beat songs, and a few ballads. But instead, the full album of slow songs is like a sleeping pill for me.  I wanted something to wake up my heart (Like Awaken on the Sweet Sound album) but instead, it's making me yawn.I'm still keeping my eye out for the next album, but Sarah, PLEASE Wake me up instead of putting me to sleep!
Unshackled is an old-school street punk band from El Paso (Texas) that has been compared to The Exploited, Rancid, Cock Sparrer and Minor Threat. As far as I can tell, this is their first full-length album `The Overcoming Years' (2011).The band lists themselves as Joe Straightedge (vocals), Tick St. Grave (guitar), Connor Himself (guitar), Isaac Espinosa (bass) and Eddie Trejo (drums). However, the vocal duties switch between four of the band members, which makes for varied listening.The album opens with a short intro track of horses charging and the sounds of battle, and is totally unrelated to anything else on here. They rampage through `You Forgot Something' with its dual vocals and then strike chiming riffs for the oi-punk of `To Those Who Know Better (Grow a Pair)' with its breathtakingly harsh, tough-love message. "It's not that I don't really care about your plight / In fact I'm concerned with whether you live or die / But just think about the reason why you wanna end your life / There are others just like you who carry on and fight / We can't dwell on the things that hurt us the most / They just tear us up inside and turn us into ghosts / Death comes so easy, it's livin' that's rough / You `aint such an outcast when so many have it tough".One of my favourites is `Grave Saint Life' with its drum intro, clanging guitar and rough vocals. Another lyrically challenge is `Take Everything' with the chorus "The porn industry is smiling down on me / and what do we have to show? / A lustful nation that's lost its hope / SEX LUST LIES MISTRUST / We gotta do something / before our lives turn to dust!" This is followed by the rebellious declaration that "Jesus Is Punk Rock".The production is obviously of a DIY nature, but I don't think it detracts too much from the raw punk outfit. However, it does feel like they were trying to cram all of their ideas into one album, rather being more selective.
Listening to "L.O.V.E." and "Collage," the opening tracks on Collage by The Katinas, you might feel like you had wandered into a club setting. The electronic beats and programming may catch you by surprise. The intent is to keep the music fresh, and this willingness to experiment carries over into the rest of the recording, which must have made this fun for these five brothers from American Samoa. If dance and synthesized sounds are not what you like, don't give up on this CD. The other tracks have a more familiar sound.In their 21 years together, the brothers realize that no matter how much they vary the music to stay relevant, the message is most important. That is especially the case on "Home," which they have performed during altar calls at the "Harvest Crusades" conducted by evangelist Greg Laurie. The chorus is an invitation to every prodigal, "Whoever you are, wherever you've been / It don't matter to Him / This is love / Turn around / Come on home." Watch them sing it on the Official Music Video.This strong vertical focus is maintained throughout. "I'll Wait" is about yielding to God's timing no matter how long it takes, learning to find peace in being still."Jehovah," a lovely worship-oriented song, includes strong guest vocals from CeCe Winans. TobyMac, Jeremy Camp and B. Reith add their talents and vocals to other songs.The band puts their own subtle stamp on enjoyable versions of David Crowder's "How He Loves" and Delirious' "Majesty." Given the strength of the compositions and the reverent treatment here, it is easy to enter into a spirit of worship as you listen.Among the pleasant surprises are two back-to-back feel-good tracks. "Every Single Bit of You," written with B. Reith, is a sprightly love song. It's followed by "La'u Pele Ea," which has a tropical sound and sung, I presume, in the brothers' native language.Since loving God and our neighbors summarizes the whole Law, a song like "Love People" that repeats this refrain is a welcome reminder. TobyMac and B. Reith share the songwriting credit with The Katinas.John Katina, one of the brothers, calls Collage the bands' favorite recording. It's easy to understand why with its smooth blend of diverse music influences and strong spiritual focus.
Crystavox debuted in 1990 with this self-titled release. The Christian band had a relatively heavy, very melodic, rock sound that was somewhere between Whitecross and Barren Cross, which I suppose means they sound like Dokken. There are some metallic aspects of the band's sound, but they're more a melodic rock band than anything else.Lyrically, Crystavox tends towards the more evangelical end of the spectrum. Unlike Stryper or Guardian, whose message was often open to interpretation, Crystavox is unambiguously Christian in nature, which has the potential to alienate any non-Christian rock fans who might otherwise enjoy the band's sound. Sometimes you just don't want a Sunday school lesson in the middle of your rock & roll songs.Crystavox issued one more album - 1992's Bottom Line - before calling it quits. Their debut is a perfectly decent melodic rock album, but unless you're a serious Christian rock collector, I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to track it down.
Well,  what i dont like about this meditation is that it seems like it might have an element of hypnosis and that there is no protection from energies that are not for your highest good. Someone who is psychically healthy and strong might have no problems but for most people their are vulnerabilities and weak spots in the psyche and precautions should be taken.You can say and intend "source intelligence please protect me, please cut all psychic cords that are not for my highest good".  Visualize and intend that you will only connect to that which for your highest good. I would not visualize a large white light over the head because you could be enlarging one or more of the higher chakras and opening yourself to whatever psychic energies are trying to attach to you.Your chakras should be about 8 inches in diameter to be functioning properly. I would just visualize a smaller chakra sized light (rainbow or multicolored lights could be even better because you can take in and use whatever colors you need).All that being said,  it is a pretty good spirit guide meditation. I had an awesome connection to an amazing personal spirit guide who gave me a multicolored light transmission. After the med I just noticed that I had opened up even more to someones energies that are not for my highest good and I had to do some clearing and strengthening work. I will still use and recommend this Cd but with a few procautions.
Didn't love or hate album it was just ok liked some songs like true swagger but didn't like Techno songs like comfort dance zone.
I was disappointed because the cd only contained about 3 really great songs; the should have included a better selection of songs.
Two of the mp3 files have skips, like the CD they were ripped from had fingerprints on it or a record skipped a groove. Otherwise, very nice.
Not as good as the Merkaba meditation but its nice, not as easy to get lost in. Not a huge fan of live recordings but it had to be the best live recording. So all in all its okay, but Im not in love with it like the others. This company is great though, love their recordings.
Bought this on Amazon's recommendation because I'm a fan of Fish; prog rock artist who's been going strong for over 30 years and is still touring under the name FISH."Payphone And A Prayer" is from a solo christian guitarist who calls himself Fish.  Gave it a listen.  It isn't horrible, but it is definitely was not what I'm looking for.  I imagine 99% of the people coming across this are looking for the Fish who struggles with faith ("Vigil In The Wilderness", "What Colour Is God?") rather than this guy, who has figured it all out and will explain it to you.
I love Hallelujah - it is awesome but most of these songs are generic - which explains the cheaper album price
I do not own this...but, I've seen many people saying this album is not good, and when I previewed it, I didn't really like it. That is to say nothing bad about the person or persons behind the project. Good try is all I can say. I want to say that GOOD Christian-made dubstep exists. Please, do not base your opinions about Christian made dubstep on one album or one song. Look around. If you would like to hear some awesome Christian made dubstep, please check out the channel on youtube with the screen name rz4Jesus to hear some awesome dubstep. (It won't allow me to post the actual links here.) Hope you enjoy!
Some songs I have heard before on different Albums that Kelanie has launched.  This CD spins those songs in what seems to be a studio setting rather than her typical live band setting. Lots tech wiz sound added in to the mix makes it interesting. Very different from her typical style. Songs are solid though and perhaps this marks the beginning of something new.
Used it a couple of times during Sunday Morning worship. The music is very close to the original and sounds good. Would like a little more punch in the drums and bass at times but overall good and recommended for church worship.
I was Surprised to hear Sounds that wee pretty much like the sounds from a real shofar.  Someone had a good idea.
I strongly recommend you listen to all the samples before buying.  i tend to go with my educated hunch and buy albums I expect to be amazing.  Shai Linne's last album amazed me in the legacy of his successes for the Kingdom however this album let me down TREMENDOUSLY.The Word is as solid as any Shai Linne album but the passion feels far from the beats and overall reception.  The tracks I like are amazing just as expected but the many tracks i dislike are so simplistic it almost feels like what I would hear if my 50 year old dad decided he would "all of a sudden" make hip hop.I wasnt diggin any of the songs with the kids choirs(seemed like a good idea but wasnt, artistically, in my opinion) nor did many of the hooks seem well thought out(you know if you asked a 5 year old to make a hook how it might sound SUPER simple?  Thats how many of the hooks felt).Im sure many people will try and religiously look at me like Im the devil for having an unreligious, authentic, Kingdom minded(honest construction) opinion.  I mean we dont hire Christians to do brain surgury but we hire QUALIFIED surgeons and pray that they are of the Kingdom even for their own sake.So outside of false encouragement, from one honest adult to another , I admit I will not be listening to many of these tracks again.  Who knows...maybe the tracks will grow on me however I doubt that my "earbuds" will thirst for more bland artistry.  Best track on the album is the solo by Timothy Brindle in my opinion.Bottom line: Most of the beats are unbearably lame in my opinion and unfortunately the sharp theology and far too repetitious lyricism was not able to redeem those tracks. The good tracks however are traditional Shai Linne richness.  The album feels real ambitious yet I dont feel like God's attributes are done much justice nor Shai Linne's capabilities.  im glad i bought this for the sake of supporting the preaching of the gospel and I hope many people disagree with me AUTHENTICALLY for that sake alone.Artistically however, i will be more on my toes because this has happened to me before(with Trip Lee's last album among other people) and I found myself very disappointed by the artists I esteemed "SUPER INSPIRING" and effective in using art to win over the minds of listeners for the Kingdom.  I pray all the Lampmode artists be encouraged but on the real:  I am looking forward to Json and Hazakim's new joints(because they are among the very few who seem to be getting better instead of losing the skill that merits results).If the samples give you the same feeling as me, look into your heart and if you have the money, please support your Christian brother.  if you dont, please wait for some low quality Youtube videos to pop up in which you can hear the full songs once and call it a day.  Shai Linne's 1st and 3rd albums however are MUST BUYS in the HHH community with MANY powerful tracks guaranteed to stir the mind of the unbeliever and backslider.  Please support and encourage him in his efforts for the Lord and the Kingdom.
I was expecting a little more Greek influence in some of the songs.  This was one more album added to my collection of &#34;different&#34; Christmas music.
While I really enjoy &#34;Shifting the Atmosphere&#34; and other songs on the cd.  I would not purchase this full cd again or give it as a gift.  It would be more cost effective to just purchase the singles of the songs I liked.  There are may three songs that I don't skip over.
Only about five of the songs I like. The title song is great and #7 is a great praise song  I played it over and over on the last leg of a trip, but take care when driving it makes you want to pull over and do a little dance for God.
Well let me start by saying "Shifting the Atmosphere" is my favorite cut. It almost feels like a continuation of his first project(A Place of Worship) which I absolutely loved! I noticed he's also on Verity Records now, and although it maybe a great move for him financially, the project seemed tampered with. Like as if there were too many hands on the project. On the first half, its like I could picture "other" gospel artist singing certain songs. Then by the 8th song "Nothing Without You" it shifts back to Jason's own unique style & sound. Anyway its a solid CD I like it, however, his first project spoke to me more, and maybe this one needs to grow on me.
Jason's voice shines on &#34;Shifting the Atmosphere,&#34; which is honestly the best song on the entire CD. He should have selected songs that showcase his smooth vocals, such as that selection.  He has little need for background vocalists or vocalists who echo what he sings; that's for vocalists who really can't sing, IMO. Jason is much too talented and his voice alone is so powerful.  I must admit, I was disappointed overall, because I heard background singers doing the majority of the singing on many of the songs. The songs that feature him as a soloist (and the duet) are what I enjoyed the most. He should do more worship &#34;ballads&#34; and write songs that compliment his beautiful voice; songs that bring the listener directly into the presence of  the Lord.  I trust he'll do better on his next project.
I really like the tone and richness of Jason Nelson's voice - BUT after a few cuts, there is a sameness about the songs with some of them rambling on unnecessarily. I know better days - and CDs - are ahead for Jason.
Anytime I buy a CD I'm hoping that there are a number of tracks to enjoy. I'm sorry to say that is not the case with this. I hope it was just one of those things for this artist.
He need to have a little more umf (bring it which I know he can maybe he will with his next album)
The Shifting the Atmosphere album is good.  This album is for people looking for worship music.  I personally like the God is Good song. It has a great vibe. Shifting the Atmosphere track is also good. Overall, this album is good.
I brought this for Shifting the Atmosphere I tried to listen to the rest but it didn't all come together
The sound is good.  I would buy it again but as someone who has sung a lot of Gegorian Chant I was a bit put back by the lack of words.  Sometimes not having words can be a positive and this may be the case here.
This is a matter of personal preference, and am not discouraging anyone from buying this album.  I really like Shantala and have seen them in person.  This particular album is not one of my favorites, though.
This is not my favorite cd of his, but still a good one. The cd is fairly upbeat and a nice listen.
Good group. Bought cd after hearing them at the austin pow wow. Good northern traditional music. Glad I was able to find in digital format
This CD has the high and low versions, both  &#34;without vocal background&#34;.  But the original version is &#34;with vocal background&#34;.  I need the original version without vocal background.  For that reason, I'm giving this version a lower rating.  Love the song and the Gaither's but I'm surely glad I didn't order this.
God be with you till we meet again, was the reason I bought this album; turns out that was the highlight of the CD.
This is a nice mediation.  It is soothing and relaxing and helps you breathe into your stress and relax.  I don't use this every day but it's a nice change every now and again.
I liked, maybe not loved, but enjoyed the meditation in this audio.  The only thing I did not like was the disclaimer at the end of the mediation.If you are going to do a disclaimer put it a separate track, or in the beginning, not at the tail end of a meditation.
A great collaborative effort; new songs were lovely to hear and insightful; fine mix of edgy sound and worshipful tones.
I think there were too many collaborations which didn't allow me to see who B-Shock was a christian artist. The majority of the tracks on the album are nice but some of the content and the way it was delivered could have been better. I pray that the next album will be better, I really don't mean to sound harsh but I'm just being honest. The main thing is that it is reaching out to the lost and winning souls which is why we all have the gifts that God has given us individually, but you are supposed to work on your craft so that you can use it to the best of your ability. Overall nice album to have in your collection that's why I got it
I bought this album because I love the original album by Lower Lights--&#34;A Hymn Revival&#34;.  That album brought some of my favorite hymns down to a more enjoyable level.  &#34;Come Let Us Adore Him&#34; does the same thing with familiar Christmas songs, but, in my opinion, carries it a little too far.  The songs have an airy, country/folksy/bluegrass flavor that I found very enjoyable on some tracks; a little too much on others.
This album has it's ups and downs.  There are some songs where you will just want to turn it up!  While there are others that make you say, "What was he thinking?"  But for the price, I would give it a try, the main singer has an interesting rapping voice too.
I didn't realize this was sermons. I was looking for motivational items. Eric is one of the best motivational and life reality speakers I have heard in a long time.
The one side with the man helping you to relax and be with God is good. It was a waste of money having the second part just music.
I am disappointed in the price.  I bought others to share with friends, but this one I paid almost double.
I love Beckah Shae's music, but I guess I'm just not a big fan of the acapella-style music.  I prefer to have instruments and music.
A nice collection of standard hymns. My main complaint would be that the renditions are fairly vanilla.  That's ok, as it's hard to go wrong with a time-honored classic.  To be fair, I just finished listening to Carrie Underwood's version of How Great Thou Art.  So to make a comparison  after listening to that is hardly fair.
I think I spent $1 for this collection of 33 Hymns.  At approximately three cents per hymn, I think I got an okay deal.
Sometimes I am in the mood for this it was a great value for  the price. mainly why I bought it.
I found that I wasn't thrilled with this piano version. The rest of the CD is very bland. The next time I'll order a different CD.
Yes, the lyrics are very consistent but I do think that there's not a lot of consistence in the stylistic approach of David Lehman.  I think some would say that this is a good thing and to some extent it is a good thing... but David Lehmann has too much difference in his range of style since he did cram in another album that the whole product seems to not agree with itself.
I didn't like it at all. Some set of useless short meditations to me.  I thought it would be a traditional set for reiki 1-2 attunment, but not.
The music is pleasant and relaxing. Have not listened to this as much as needed for it to work. It was free which is why I chose it.
I decided to try something new and I purchased this CD.  It's okay and I'm looking forward to other projects that she will put out in the coming years.  A nice praise and worship CD.
Classic old style hymns. Not the best rendition, but it was free. If you need something to fill in the dead space in a traditional church or nursing home, this would be a good product.
I paid $1 for this collection of hymns.  At two and a half cents per hymn, I think it was an okay deal.
I don't mean to be overly critical because this is a good buy.  And it's something I'll keep in my library and listen to.  However, I've heard a lot of local gospel that sounded better.  A lot of the vocals are decent but some of the music seems strange or maybe just different than what I'm used to.
Just a so so collection of hymns. Not quit up to the standards of other collections I already own.  The profomances are middle of the road.
there were only three songs on this album I wanted. it was cheaper to buy the album than the three songs I wanted.
The hymns are great - they remind me of growing up in my Southern Baptist church.  However, they are played WAY TOO SLOW!  Seriously, we even sang them more enthusiastically 20+ years ago than this recording.  Bummer.
I love hymns. But this is a typically cheesy collection of average-quality tracks. Nothing special, but certainly not bad. I listen sometimes just to remember my history.
Its not my typical type to buy, but i likecit. Its a good choral album. Personally im into more contemporary music.
I should've known that this was going to be &#34;just ok&#34; because of what I paid for it.  Live and learn!!!!
This is ok I was looking for something else but settled for this one I am still looking for more up to date songs.
Wasn't exactly what I thought.  Is good for the sounds an selections.  I will add some of these selections to my listening playlists.
I was looking for a more guided meditation but this one is just one statement repeated several times and good music. Not what I was looking for but okay.
The more extensive versions are far more expensive and look to be well-worth the money. This version only gives the meditation repeated several times and music until time's up.  Works OK for traveling on the bus.
It's okay but not great. I find it relaxing but was hoping for more of a guided meditation. This one almost feels a bit cheesy.
Beware,.. this is ONLY the music/sound and has no spoken words on the tracks at all. There is a version out there with the words too but so far I have not been able to find a copy. If anyone has some information on this feel free to post it here.I like the music only version, but the one with the words is much better and worth looking for!Good luck.
Totally agree with the review by &#34;bookbuyer&#34; above.  The best one for me was Tiffany Murray (Day 3 &#34;The Creator&#34;) - both her voice & the meditation itself was amazing.  I could not listen to &#34;David Ji&#34; ... his overly affected delivery seems better suited for 70s porn than meditation.
Not entirely what I expected and I wasn't as excited about it; but it still is a good album and I enjoyed listening to it.
This CD is absolutely beautiful and so anointed, but if you get the MP3 downloads, which I did, the songs stop abruptly to go to the next song instead of a continuous flow that Julie True intended.  This is the only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 stars.  I would recommend buying the CD instead of getting the MP3 download, but if your strapped for cash, it's still anointed and beautiful!
Music was good...just as I had expected however the CD itself was barely playable due to mistracking errors.I did get to listen to the first four songs...
It starts out with some relaxing music then the next song some guy suddenly starts singing really loud and it scares the bejesus out of you. It makes good back ground music but not meditation music.
Good listening  but I perfer my  christmas music seperated from my other hymns on a differeny cd. I like my hymns togethet on a seperate CD
I should have expected this to be mainly Christmas Music, but still a good selection and one I listen to on a frequent basis.  You really can't beat it for the price though and a good mix to go with my overall general music collection.  I think most for the money will be rather pleased with this large collection of music.
I got this album because someone had recommended it to me. I like it, but it did not hit me like my friend thought it might.
I enjoy listening to this when I want to relax. Piano music is played in a slow calming way. Nice mix of hymns and religious tunes.
It was okay, I've heard better. Unfortunately, albums today are being judged based off of other albums in their genre. In comparison, they still have some work to do. Sharpen the sounds up, get better beats, more current/applicable lyrics that are edifying, lifting up, kingdom-focused and Christ-centered.It just...I don't know, it kinda sounds like they are talking about nothing. And the beats aren't complementing the voices. It all kind of clashes.But it's not horrible, and it's not great, it's like - C material
There were a few really bangin' songs on the cd.  The cd is nothing really to brag about.  If you are for supporting Christian rappers go ahead & get it but if I were to do it over again I would say I can take it or leave it.
I didn't realize it would only play through 2 times. I was hoping to use it at a very small church that has no music leader at this time. When we tried to use it to sing hymns, the music was fine but it doesn't play all four or five stanzas. I don't even know if I could have found this out before I downloaded it. I didn't even consider the possibility!
I bought it for quiet nap music for my class of preschoolers. It works great!!! It helps them go to sleep and its wonderful to listen to as I watch them at nap.
This is pretty good and has a nice bay area feel to a lot of the songs. My favorite are #5, #6, and #10. I have the actual CD and there are 2 more [bonus] tracks, which aren't even listed on the back cover. I titled them "Headphones (She Wet)" and "Stuntin' Hard", which are both pretty good. Worth listening to.
i really thought the singers for songs 5, 7 and 9 were really promising; also, who ever produced the song for #9 seems to have either worked with the singer alot or is very instinctive in his talents.
These pieces are nicely sung, the instrumental accompaniment is well played, and the lyrics are for the most part clear and understandable as well as generally uplifting, which is why I gave the album 3 stars. I would have liked to have given it 5 stars, but despite those pluses the album is frustratingly disappointing for several reasons. For one thing, there is a sameness to the styling, which would be less problematic for me if I actually found that style of the music appealing. I don't. Touchy feely, warm and fuzzy has it's place, certainly, but there is more to devotion and service to the Lord than touchy feely, warm and fuzzy--especially when the lyrics are saying something decidedly different, which is the case with a number of pieces in the album. Having said that, I can't help but feel regretful that there has been so little advantage taken of the fact that this is an all male ensemble, because not one of the pieces sounds remotely masculine to me. If fact, to my ear they seem decidedly feminine, which in and of itself follows a cultural trend that puts down masculinity and emphasizes softness and femininity. There used to be a time when music produced by BJU was filled with bold colors, and had a clear-cut vigorous testimony for the Lord, but these pieces are timid and unnecessarily full of pale pastels that leave me disappointed and wishing I'd never downloaded the album. I regret listening to it and I regret that I find myself being so disinclined to praise it.
So I purchased this mp3 right before my son was born and played it to him at least once a day to help him relax or sleep hoping that the first words that he spoke would be something in Punjabi.  We don't speak Punjabi in our house, nor are we Punjabi, but I wanted to check if these Sublimal recordings would actually work.  He is now 18 months old and has not said a word of Punjabi yet.I have a few of these Sublimal Systems recordings and honestly there is only like five or six different new age recordings all relabled to help you with various things.  The music is nice, however I doubt there is any sublimal messages getting through.  There is no instuctions on how to use this recordings and no website about them except some facebook page.  The music is fairly nice on most of them and worth the 99 cents.
I downloaded this album really late at night with the lights off. Although it scared the crap-ola out of me, I really dug it and never stopped listening until the whole album was over. There are these really cool interludes all throughout the album, some instrumental, some just downright creepy! This guy produces growls and shrills that will give you chills down your back. The riffs are really cool, they change up the time signature quite a bit and its just scary as hell!
My first CD from this artist. It was a little disappointing. I thought is would have more sophistication in terms of lyrics. It's basically a worship album. The lyrics are pretty simplistic, almost corny.
I have been listening to Petra since I was a kid and have always looked to John Schlitt as a role model.  I bought this album because I want to support him.  Sadly, this album is mediocre.
John has one good song on this album, and it is the patriotic one (Faith & Freedom). I love John's music and have been a big fan since I first heard of Petra in 1996.  The rest of the album is not excitable or exciting.  Instead of intensity, the sound is more like a safe rock album.  I expected it to be better per the hype.
The water sounds are okay, but nothing I remember to turn on.  Also when I transferred it to my iPod only the base track (SAM) came through, not the water sounds.
The beat selection for this mixtape was nice and lyrically i thought nehemiah was on point he just doesn't have enough energy to keep most people's attention.
I should have reviewed prior to buying, the artist does have some good songs on the album but overall it is okay.
It seems to be a bunch of remakes of popular songs. They are good remakes but it isn't my cup of tea. The lyrics are mostly gospel which is a nice switch every once and a while.
Look forward to see how far he goes.  I think there is some hidden talent that might surprise us down the road.
I like the Hillsong concert in Austrailia, but the last 3 songs are not from that concert.  Wish'd  I'd have read the playlist
it has taken about a dozen spins for me to get even luke-warmly into this CD.  I used to love Hillsong, don't get me wrong, but their recent work has been mighty bland to these ears.  In my opinion, they have gone downhill in so many respects: musically, lyrically & sonically.  The lyrics have a straight forward feel, nothing poetical any more.  Musically the hooks are long gone, tempos are predictable and melodies are formulaic.  Sonically, this Hillsong is virtually unenjoyable on any playback system other than computer speakers, cars or earbuds.
a lot of songs but really only 3 or so worth buying.Nearly like they had a couple home run songs and churned out a full record to sell those few songs.
I am not going to completely write off this recording because about 1/3 of the songs are good, the title track in particular. The problem is that the majority of the songs sound as if they are "Nashville style" writing formats using somewhat trendy "church" phrasing. That's my beef. The wonderful spiritual moments thru song on the earlier recordings of Hillsong just isn't there. Worthy is The Lamb, At The Cross, and From The Inside Out quality song writing can't be found. Maybe a good small venue live recording using less would be more next time.
This album is a lot more subdued and docile than most Hillsong albums.  Please note, this is NOT a Hillsong United album, and isn't meant to be super-upbeat.  Even so, there were only a few noteworthy tracks.  Probably safe to avoid.
If I knew there was a deluxe edition with a whole lot more songs that did not come in this CD, I would have bought that instead.
I expected it to be a little more out of this cd My favorite song on this CD is I deserve.
the cd has great sounds.  I was a little disappointed because the song wasn't like the radio version. but overall its a pretty good cd.
Do not operate heavy machinery while listening. Will mess you up.Does not seem to do anything else other than make feel odd,
Chanting is beautiful, recording is poor. Volume goes up and down, microphone pops. I am glad that I didn`t pay $25 for the CD. Maybe it was a bad download.
if you're looking for just nice music for your quiet time, this is good for that.  If, however, you're looking to be moved by powerful music this isn't what you're looking for.  Try the LSO &#34;Hymns of Triumph&#34; if you want to be moved.
The Cd plays but it takes a while to get started and there are long pauses more than the normal pause between songs. If the Cd is interrupted by trying to skip to different songs then it wont play at all and has to be started over.
I love these kids! I somehow discovered them on Youtube; their versions of Kirk Franklin's &#34;The Appeal&#34; and The Winans &#34;Millions&#34; touched me so much, I had to support these young people on fire for God, by buying their CD. However, I do agree with a previous reviewer, that, the writing of the songs on this CD doesn't do much for their gifted voices...I actually would have been happier with them doing covers of other songs accapella, like they do on their youtube page. The songs are up beat and their voices are great, but the writing isn't strong/anoited enough, nor is there a lot of diversity in the songs.I'll anxiously await the songs that the Lord gives Kirk for them, since he just signed the onto his label a few months ago! ;-)
Love the gifting and annoitment of these young people. Excite to see where Kirk Franklin takes them, now that he has them on his label.
These children have wonderful gifts. Their voices are very angelic. Unfortunately, these are not the best songs for their level of talent.
I've been wanting a Scriptural Rosary CD to pray along with, but this was disappointing.  I listened to a sample before I bought it, but the things that now bother me weren't apparent to me beforehand.  First, they say the prayer wrong - it's "blessed are you AMONG women," not "AMONGST women".  Since the Hail Mary is the main prayer, it's gone from being a little annoying to making me not want to listen to it at all.  The second reason I no longer listen to it is because the leader has a really scratchy voice.  On the sample, I thought maybe she would clear her throat or something - at least that they all don't sound that way.  They do - it gets distracting after a while.  I love the Rosary and will keep my eye out for another Scriptural Rosary CD.
I heard Donnie McKlurkin interview Travis Malloy on the radio and liked the song that I heard. I went on-line and ordered the whole album but should have just stuck with the one song. It's just an okay album for me!
It is roots reggae and well done. Nothing special in the vocals considering there are so many excellent singers throughout Reggae. Still a good and righteous recording overall.
I love remixes. I love plumb. I like all of the remixes on this album. Unfortunately, they are mostly just okay. Being a remix album I would have thought there would be more variation, but after about the second or third time through, I still found it difficult to tell many of the same songs apart. I'd still recommend this to buy, but be aware that it probably won't WOW you.
I only really enjoyed a couple of the songs on this CD. I love&#34; Need You Now&#34; so much that I thought there might be more songs like that. I wish I had just downloaded it from I-Tunes.
I would not recommend this cd to someone who was looking for an uplifting spiritual cd.  Lyrics are rather secular and one would have to really dig to find spiritual significance here.  It did not meet my expectations and I wouldn't recommend this cd.  It will be out in the garage sale box.
She has one song on this CD that is awesome. She is a bit different but I really love this one song on this CD.
I ordered this CD for 1 song in particular, it has 2 that are familiar.  This one also is not one of my favorites.
I ordered this thinking it was Christian music. If it is, it's definitely not what I'm used to listening to as it seems a little dark. Love her voice though and some really good songs on this CD, just not what I expected.
The title song, &#34;Need you now&#34; is fantastic, that is why I bought cd.Other songs were a disappointment, not all of them are Christian.
Prime Cuts: Unlovable, Need You Now, Say Your NameSometimes God speaks through some of the most unexpected people.  Ask Tiffany Arbuckle Lee aka Plumb.  Way back in the year 2000, Plumb was at the cusp of leaving her singing career after being haggard by the politics of the industry.  Just as Plumb sang her swan song at her farewell concert, a girl gave her note detailing how the song &#34;Damaged&#34; had rescued her from despair and how she had hoped that Plumb would continue to use her music as a vessel of God's healing. Taking this as an ominous sign from God, Plumb realized that her life's mission had yet to be complete.  So, she signed with the esteemed Curb Records in 2003 and has so far blessed us with three studio albums and a compilation collection.  More importantly, Plumb has a unique way of ministering God's healing to troubled souls especially teenagers suffering from abuse or shattered self-images with songs such as &#34;Boys Don't Cry,&#34; &#34;Nice, Nave and Beautiful,&#34; &#34;Cut,&#34; &#34;Real&#34; and &#34;God-Shaped Hole.&#34;  &#34;Need You Now,&#34; Plumb's fourth studio album under the Curb imprint, will no doubt continue to advance such a Godly ministry with its lyrically poignant songs addressing issues of faith in the plight of our brokenness.  Hard to imagine, though is that &#34;Need You Now&#34; is Plumb's first album of all new material since 2007's &#34;Blink.&#34;  While &#34;Blink&#34; was a sonic detour into heavy ballads and lullabies, &#34;Need You Now&#34; is a return to her signature form of electronic rock/pop.  Plumb again joins Jars of Clay's guitarist Matt Bronleewe in crafting most of the tunes with the occasional scribal input from Ben Glover, Joy Williams and Jars of Clay front man Dan Haseltine.The songs of Plumb have always straddled between the fine line between human love and divine love.  Such ambiguity has certainly given her the advantageous edge of taking her songs beyond the Contemporary Christian genre.  To date, three of Plumb's songs (&#34;In My Arms,&#34; &#34;Hang O&#34; and &#34;Drifting&#34;) have even climbed up to the upper echelon of Billboard's Dance charts.  And her 2003 hit &#34;Real&#34; even made quite a splash in the UK secular chart.  The same is said of the majority of the tracks here on &#34;Need You Now.&#34;  Though God is never mentioned, album opener &#34;Invisible&#34; could be read as a desperate cry for a lover's attention or God's redemption.  A brassy and soulful tune, &#34;Invisible&#34; calls to mind Adele's &#34;Skyfall&#34; where the majestic clamour of orchestra and the ethereal swirling of electronica meet.  &#34;Drifting,&#34; the album's debut single, is more a mainline rock ballad with Jars of Clay's Dan Haseltine helping build to the song's stratospheric climax. While songs like the cutesy &#34;Chocolate and Ice Cream&#34; and &#34;One Drop&#34; are more overtly romantic flurries with Plumb adopting some of Colbie Caillat-inspired sparkling Californian electronic bells and syncopated beats.Months before the release of this album, Plumb has tweeted that this release was supposed to be titled &#34;Faster than a Bullet&#34; (a phrase taken from the song &#34;At Arm's Length&#34;).  However, the recent tragic shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School have rendered such a titular inappropriate.  Feeling overwhelmed by the whole catastrophe, Plumb has dedicated the album's second single &#34;Need You Now&#34; to the family and friends of the victims.  The title cut &#34;Need You Now&#34; is the nerve center of this record.  It is also one of Plumb best compositions to date:  passionately delivered over a mid-tempo string-laden ballad, this is also Plumb most explicit cry to God mentioning Him not with a mere pronoun but by name.  &#34;Unlovable&#34; is the other track that is more religiously explicit-here Plumb addresses the hypocritical nature of some churches who have tasted God's grace but yet thrifty in extending it to others.  While &#34;Say Your Name&#34; is an anthemic cry to God; it is wistfully built up by a cacophony of strings, a tremulous drum beats and a rush of synthesizers.&#34;At Arm's Length&#34; sounds like words lifted out of the book of Hosea where God is pictured as a love sick paramour desperately calling us to be reconciled to Him.  But here also lies the problem with this album:  though it is true and right to speak of God as our forlorn lover waiting for us and the Bible is replete with such examples.  But God on the other hand is holy; in an album where God is spoken of in the guise of the generic &#34;he,&#34; it's hard to convey that in such rhetoric.  Hence, what is missing from &#34;Need You Now&#34; is that the glorious &#34;otherness&#34; of God sometimes is compromised over our human longings.  Also, when Plumb does mention God by name (as in the title cut) there is such power, such sweetness, such comfort that it really behooves us why God and Jesus are not mentioned more often.  Let's just wish with the next album Plumb will let Jesus out of the closet a tad more.
Doesn't quite live up to the caliber of the first album.  Volume 1 is one of my all-time favorites, but this one is a little disappointing.
It had all the correct songs on it, however I downloaded the album to my computer and everything came up as &#34;unkown&#34;; including the album name, artist, and all of the songs.
I guess I expected that the songs would have more of a Latin flavor, but they are indeed performed very similarly to the American versions.... That's not bad, just not what I imagined I was getting.
I have more phobias, fears and anxiety than a balding fox with dermatitis and lice running around Farmer Brown's hen house. So when I happened upon a ninety-nine cent chance to help eradicate, or at least lessen, any fears I have, I figured it was worth a try.After reading a few reviews of the other Binaural Beat products, I can report that three of the major complaints don't seem to be a factor for me.1. The subtle whispers some have heard, either to their like or dislike, I can't seem to hear at all. But I have rarely listened to this program using headphones, so that might account for it. I am not entirely sure this is meant to be listened to with headphones. It's most suitable as a background ambiance as you go about your day or fall asleep at night.2. The loud and piercing vocal warnings/disclaimers at the beginning and end of the tracks are really as loud and piercing as other reviewers have proclaimed. Using a little trick in my digital audio program, I can choose the start time and the end time of any track. This squashes that issue. There's no gradual audio crescendo of volume at the beginning or ending of the track, and thus you are not missing anything aesthetic if you change the track's start and finish times, and then give the track a perpetual repeat.3. Poor selection of nature sounds, such as really loud squawking birds, are not in "Eliminate Fears." What does it sound like, then? It's a soothing babbling brook over some low to mid-range, symphonic-like, almost metallic drones, slightly whorled, distorted. What you hear in the audio sample is what you hear for almost an hour.I'm giving it three stars out of five for the maintenance involved. Most people buy a track and don't want to have to fix it up, do this or that to it, and this exertion to avoid the disclaimers is a bit troublesome. We like our music to be move-in ready.Does this help eliminate fears? Well, I can say that I am writing a review for a product after years of wanting to write a review but being too shy to do so. And, yes, I am listening to "Eliminate Fears" as I type this. It seems a decent use of ninety-nine cents, and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another of the Binaural Beat series.
Have downloaded a couple of these hour long sleep meditation programs and whether it's working or I believe they are I seem to be dealing with things better.  They are cheap, give it a try instead of med's
It was a good album, but some tracks did not sound as good as one that caused me to buy this album to begin with.Would not recommend other stuff by him.hobo3121
I was anticipating some real handclapping foot stomping Start to finish on this project but it didn't do that. HOWEVER....there's a few songs on here that I will be doing with my choir. On that note....I'm still listening..because sometimes a project requires few rounds of listening.
I gave the Georgia Mass Choir CD three stars because it was a decent recording, just not for me; I gave it to a friend to give to her husband, a musician.
This is certainly not as interesting of an album as the classic Tourniquet albums from the early 90s, but it is certainly better than some of the other albums Tourniquet has put out.  The guest solos from Dobles, Friedman, and Travers add a lot to the sound of the album, while the rhythm guitars are pretty typical in sound for Tourniquet.  Ted's drums are creative and powerful as ever.  I've never been a fan of Luke Easter's vocals, but on this album, they honestly come off as grating and difficult to listen to.  I realize that Luke has been part of the band for almost 2 decades now, but Tourniquet would sound better without him and this album reaffirms it for me.  Overall, this album will appeal to a Tourniquet fan, but if you're not a long-time listener of the band, pick up one of their first 3 albums instead.
Describing Tourniquet is not a straightforward task.  Take very melodic, frequently harmonized, metal guitar riffs and lay them on top of intricate and highly technical drumming.  Now throw into the mix very bad shredding guitar solos, add terrible vocals (doesn't matter, whether it's the original vocalist or the current one) and spread it on top of a range of musical ideas from breathtakingly brilliant to downright embarrassing.  When they get it right, the results are incredible.  When they miss, they miss big.  All in all, this is Tourniquet, a band that for the most part is a brain child of the drummer Ted Kirkpatrick, who is helped by vocalist Luke Easter and guitarist Aaron Guerra.The latest album comes out after a 9-year hiatus.  Previous album was a fairly disappointing "Where Moth and Rust Destroy", and the one before it, "Microscopic View of a Telescopic Realm" was incredible.  So I didn't really know what to expect from this disc, except I really wanted to like it.  The first spin thoroughly disappointed me, and I was about to give up on it.  Then I decided to give it a few more listens, and it started growing on me.  This is definitely not a straightforward metal album, and it stays true to the good old Tourniquet tradition of combining wonderful melodies with stunts so bad they should have never been allowed to see the light of day (the ending of the title track comes to mind).  While I don't think this release comes close to the magnificence of MVoaTR, it's still a solid offering.The complicating factor here is that it's hard to actually pick a few good songs because virtually every track has good and bad parts.  For example, the title track starts off strong, goes into one of the catchiest choruses in heavy metal, but then stumbles into a pointless shredding solo and dies a horrible death by suddenly turning into a very badly executed cover of a Christian hymn.  Believe me, I don't mind Christian hymns, just not at the end of speed metal songs.  And such roller-coaster happens on virtually every track.  My hope is that with repeated listens I will learn to ignore the bad parts and concentrate on good ones.Speaking of pointless shredding solos, there are tons of them, and they are executed by some big names in heavy metal, such as Marty Friedman and Karl Sanders.  The problem is that it seems that very few of the guest guitarists took the time to figure out whether the solos fit the music.  Most of them sound like "Rock Guitar Idol" tryouts, with each guitarist showing off his skills and trying to squeeze as many notes into a bar as possible.  One pleasant exception is Santiago Dobles, whose lead actually makes sense in the context of songs.  Same goes for Aaron's solos.However, the most irritating thing about this release are the lyrics.  They are terrible.  It's already bad enough that Ted Kirkpatrick keeps coming up with with bizarre metaphors like the one in "Flowering Cadaver" (although granted, nothing can beat the "God is just like a giant squid" allegory off the previous album).  But is it really necessary to actually explain them in the second verse of every song?  I have a brain, I can figure out the meaning without the explanation.In conclusion, despite the fact that this review seems highly critical of the album, I'd like to re-iterate that this is not a bad release at all.  I will continue listening to it and picking out good parts.  I'm just hoping that in the long run the few aspects that really grate on my nerves today will grate less.
This album is amazing! The instruments are wonderful, the song writing is strong. Much guitar shred and tons of killer riffs.  HOWEVER, vocals are just plain awful, they make the parts with lyrics seem comedic and amateur. Lucky for us the album has minimal vocals and lots of the great guitar work and drums that we all can love.I give the album a 9.5 out of 10 for the instrumentation and song writing and a 3 for the vocals (would have been a 1 but the screamed echoed and/or higher pitch vocals in places pushed it up a notch or two).
Not as good as the other two albums they have. I like two or three songs on this one... but the other two albums I love every single song!! Sooo
I'm probably one of the biggest Jeff Deyo fans ever. I've seen him lead worship live about 10 times or so, and I'm very disappointed with this album. I feel, when I listen to this album, that I'm listening to a album from ten years ago. Jeff is usually pretty good at "stay with the times" when it comes to his writing. Songs now are very complex and the lyrics are very poetic (like Gungor, or some of the new Hillsong, or Desperation Band). When I listen to this album it brings me back to the late 90s or early 2000s when worship music was very, very simple. Sorry Jeff, I know you can do better
&#34;Moving Mountains&#34; is a solid album, but not to the level of his earlier work. There are some very nice songs, but in the end it is no better than &#34;Unveil&#34; to me. Jeff's strength has always been cutting edge music, and he delivers it best live. This album does not feel cutting edge, but feels as if he is trying to capture previous glory, and it comes up short.
Took me back to a time when I actually listened to music with my undivided attention to catch every bar
I've heard this singer, and like her very much.  However, I didn't realize that there would only be 4 songs on this album.
I like that the teaching and songs mixed together.  Overall a nice reminder of the Breaking Free series and a good introduction to Beth Moore if you are new to her style.
Just a warning -- I downloaded track 8 - Can't Live a Day, and the file sounds like it had encoding errors, with crackling throughout the song, especially audible near the earlier parts. I haven't listened to the rest of the album, but please beware. This was late February 2013. (EDIT: I originally wrote that I had not heard from amazon, but I was in error: I found the email and amazon's technicians are working to resolve the issue. The customer service rep also made an exception and refunded me, due to the circumstances, so this restores my faith in buying MP3s from amazon. And besides, this is the first time it's happened to me in several years.)
This cd was ok I'm ok with this purchase it's some nice songs I enjoy on here so with that being said its a ok cd
Have been listening to Kenneth Copeland's music since the 80's.  The vintage stuff is nearly impossible to find.  In my search discovered that he started out singing rock music before his conversion.  Would never hold that against him, as music is a relative thing and everybody's taste changes over time.  About this CD in particular, it is good just feel more compassion in his earlier recordings.
A nice first record although somewhat simple.  Not my everyday preference in style, but a good refreshing album nonetheless.  I would recommend it, though.
I received the download promptly, but was a little disappointed in the quality of the music.  True, all the songs are there, but the instrumentals are not anything like the original songs.  There are no lyrics.
Nice album. LP is a consistent gospel rapper who you can tell studies the Bible well. Listen to this to further your personal walk with Christ and share with others.
I was hoping for more claim relaxing sound it was really had to fall asleep listing to becoming a better love
I haven't seen any change in my development of belling dance yet.  Will continue to listen in my spare time to see what develops.
Since detox is a medical measurement and I haven't really toxic lifestyle to begin with, I'm not sure how well this is working. But I have it in my rotation for good health. The others like this are doing the trick though.
I saw this young lady on Youtube.  I thought I was going to get that churchy feel from the cd...But the cd is very contemporary and edgy.  I am still waiting for a church sound that will move the masses. I now understand the title--Don't Box Me In...
I was a little disappointed with this CD. Not really my cup of tea. I really thought I would have enjoyed the selections more.
This was not worth 8.00,PLUS I had a hard time with the new Amazon Cloud Launcher; I just wanted it downloaded into iTunes..IS THAT SO WRONG?!
I received the wrong sermon the title is correct but the sermon is wrong. I was expecting the sermon about the mother eagle stirring g her nest not about a man who had an eagle and thought it was a chicken.
I think it is helping me feel less painful emotionally.  But, I still have a ways to go. This is no &#34;cure all&#34;, so don't substitute this for professional help.  I think, in my mind, that it does temporarily help. It won't cure you. And has anyone EVER heard od dissolving karma? I don't even believe in karma, he!! or the devil.  So I don't believe this will dissolve karma. Email me if you believe you can. I think we make our own circumstances by our thoughts.
The ethereal music is just alright, I've heard much more pleasant.  I don't feel anything when listening, like others do, but I don't expect each & every track to be perfect for me; you have to be willing to be patient and experiement with what works for you.
I love Binaural Beat ... Some of them work wonders. Others, I may not listen to enough to see if there are any results. This one helps me feel better the next day. I really don't know what exact reaction I'm supposed to notice or feel. I will keep giving it a good ole college try. Maybe I will make progress. If you have results, could you direct me in the right direction? Thank you!.
Nice to listed to, but unless you are partially in the game of channeling, I would not write home about it! This is more like a long term skill to where listening to it will not make any life changing events immediate!
I was expecting the lyrics along with the music. I still would like to have that. But, nice music, nonetheless.
I bought the cd because i really liked the song &#34;oh how i need you&#34;. There are a couple other good songs on the album, but overall I thought it was just alright.
I wasn't sure how to feel about this album.  It had an eclectic mix of just about everything.  All Things New was a worshipful, peaceful, easy listening type of song.  Heaven had a soft, country rock sound and then  Build It On The Rock (the one I liked the most) offered a bluesy, upbeat, gospel/ "Michael English" style.There was no real consistency, and the album was all over the place from soft rock, to country rock, to bluesy gospel. The background music at times, sounded a lot like the 80's with a heavy drum beat and synthesizer sound. It was a little strange for me to listen to. This isn't an album I would buy for myself, but those looking for a wide variety of styles all in one place, will appreciate the diversity.
There are a couple of ungodly CCM songs on this album. Beware if you are striving for holiness. 1 Jn 2:15-16  - Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the father is not in him. For all that is in the world - the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the father but is of the world.
Not his usual uplifting genre, rather dull. Did not move me the way his other CDs do. It's OK but not his best.
not a favorite - didn't finish listening to it and will likely not listen to it again - too repetitive
Ok CD.  Packaged well with professional presentation. Just  missing a hit/stand out song that makes you want to listen time and time again.
The sound was great. I also loved the lyrics and production but it had a lot of repetition sounds. Great album to relax to.
love the option to listen to the music on my amazon mp3 player but have to use a different player for the video.  Didn't realize this when i bought it was hoping to be able to do both on same device on my phone
This CD is nice & is not disappointing. I bought this CD thinking that it had a certain song on it that my husband wanted, but found out after he listened to it that it was not the one that I wanted.
I really like Chris Tomlin ,but this was not was of his best cd's.It has a few good songs on it but I don't play it a lot.
Personally, I think this guy is overrated.  A lot of the music sounds the same.  There are a few decent tunes,but the melodies aren't that great.  These songs are more for listening because many of them are too highfor the average singer.  I also noticed that he borrows (quotes)  a few measures from popular pop tunes.I am curious to see where this guy five years from ago.
The CD is amazing!!  Everybody who loves to worship God should have it.  I ordered 2 of them, one of them had a cracked case in 2 places, but the cd worked fine.
Chris does it again, great musicianship, great arrangements great vocals. God's Great Dance Floor has become a radio standard, but there are other songs on this production we will be listening to for many years to come such as &#34;Crown Him&#34;, and &#34;White Flag.&#34; Overall, Chris and his mates seem to be having fun throughout the album, and what can be more fun than praising the savior?
Like the title states - Its Chris Tomlin, so its hard to go wrong with his style of praise and worship. I was a bit disappointed in this album, but considering his previous two albums and the ultimate praise and worship flowing from my speakers in &#34;Hello Love&#34; and &#34;If our God is for us&#34;, i suppose it was inevitable to have an album that was a bit of a let down. I still like Burning Lights, but it lacks that song that really makes you close your eyes and get your praise on like the two previous albums.
Wasn't quite what I was looking for but was good for the most part. I just like a different style of gospel music I'll try some more later
These are excellent renditions and I'll hopefully be introducing my congregation to several of them, but there is a major problem in the recording levels - at least the version released on iTunes (Update: listened to the Amazon version, and it's the same there too).  It seems like the gain was turned up way too high (particularly in the congregational portions, but it happens throughout the album).  This results in really distracting sound breakup throughout the album.Songwise, this is a solid 5 star album, but the version I bought is - from sheerly a technical perspective - a 2-star.  Hopefully a remastered (or fixed) version will be released soon!
This is actually a review of the preview.  I like the selections and seriously considered buying the album but every preview of the tracks glitched. The Choirs sounded good in the portions of the previews that were working. Since this wasn't happening on other albums I didn't want to risk the money.
Im not sure what happened to Thi'sl.  I love Chronicles, this disk has some good songs but it's just ok.  Sounds a little low budget and the timing is not matched well to the beats.
Not sure if it works or not but I believe in subliminal messages.  I don't like with the guy that comes on with the warning at the end.  I used these mostly when I go to sleep at night.
I personally like Marlon Vincent andi canreally relate to him as im sure many others can. This is a good album. Marlon Vincent is an excellent rapper but what he really needs to do to come up I think is to start collaborating with other great rappers in ChristianHipHop and goin in on some tracks. I like his voice and style. This is A good album. Always room for improvement in the future though. All through #Jesus.#GOD BLESS YALL
I was just experimenting with downloading music on my kindle fire and saw that, that song was free. I was a pretty good song.
The writing on this song is a little weak, not giving the song much foundation. Great voice wasted on this weak track.
Although I could be wrong, I believe my ears hear a lot of old school rap in Nick's work that reminds me, to a small extent, of Eminem. The music isn't over produced, but is allowed to speak for itself. Whether he meant it to be or not, it's Indie Detroit. The market will determine how salable it is, but it's good to hear rap that doesn't count on crushing mega base or too many other tricks to do its job. There's a lot of heart in Nick's work that listeners, especially his fans, should enjoy.
Being a mother, grandmother and great grandmother there is nothing I love more than hearing children and babies laugh.  Wonderful!Lost seventeen pounds so far.
The quality of the recording was not very good, but the music is good. Daniel's newest recording is far better.
Being a fan of Jason and his ministry, I was anticipating another great new CD.  This one did not live up to the previous projects.  The great &#34;Jason&#34; sound wasn't there.  It seemed he was trying to sound like someone else. I was disappointed.  I know a lot of hard work went into the production, but just not up to the past.
However, if pop love songs are your style, this is a winner. Give it a listen. You might like it.
This isn't Ryan Adams. I'm a big Ryan Adams fan. This isn't him. It's a different one.Songs alright but not Ryan Adams.
Is this THE Ryan Adams or another artist named Ryan Adams. It doesn't sound like him, and I am sure that he would be promoting it via twitter ect.Anyone out there know anything about this?
I'm a huge Rend Collective Experiment fan. They're one of the best &#34;Christian&#34; bands out there. I put Christian in quotes, not because the band is not made up of Christian or they don't sing about Christian themes, but because I don't think Christian should be a genre. But that's another topic for another time.Rend's other albums are fantastic. This one is really fun, as well, however, it seems more tinny and not as effective as the others. There's a lot of use of mandolins and guitars capo'd way too high on the neck.In the end, it's worth buying and listening to a few times, but if you're only going to buy one Rend album, pick a different one.
Mr. Jackson does a really great job on some old hymns, and the information about the origin of the guitars is quite interesting. However, there is an awful lot of sliding noise on the strings which is a bit annoying. You expect some of this on an accoustic guitar album, but there seems to be a bit more here than usual. One would think the extra sounds could be edited out with today's modern sound editing techniques, but maybe not.
Love the words of the song, but can't get pass the fact that it sounds like an R.Kelly song! If it was in a different format it would be awesome!
He sound to much i like R. Kelly trapped in the closet.  But I still have this song on my phone.
I brought the album because I saw that it made it to 25 on the gospel charts and for the price you cant lose. Any way a very good cd. I like the mic check song and they are a lot of solid singles on the CD.
I like the cd, but two of the tracks I wasn't really feeling them. Overall good though. Great message for couples!
Enjoyed the harmony and easy listening venue. Wasn't what I expected, but still a good choice. Nice background for working.
I do not care that they run from one song into the next for the entire album. It is a style of singing, but not for me. Although I do listen to it from time to time.
You have to have a wi fi connection to play this product.  I would prefer to put the CD on my kindle fire, so I can listen anytime.  I love the music on this album.
This song is about the power in the blood of Christ, Our Savior, Our Redeemer, and our Soon Coming King! It seems to me that every song can't be made to fit a worldly rhythm and rhyme. This happens to be one of them that should be kept santimonious, and sacred.
there were a lot of silence at beginning of several songs. Over all a decent cd.It ok  for listening to
This was a nice selection of simple music - perfect for background.. Don't quite know how the songs would be especially connected to Pope Francis though.
I like to listen to hymns when I want to relax and this collection provided several that are not in other collections I have.
After downloading this entire &#34;CD&#34; and listening through it, I would have gladly paid for it. It is contemporary. The quality of the recordings is good. The balance of singing to the instruments is perfect and it is very easy to hear.
Just tried because it was free. I haven't had a chance to hear it all. But you may like it.
Easy listening praise and worship for believers.  I would recommend this to all who enjoymusic uplifting the spirit and soul.
I'm a COGIC girl, but I want to hear this because the title caught my eye. I enjoyed listening to music.....
If that is your thing, good for you. The sound was quite nice and the price was right. Check it out, you may like it.
Lots of different bluegrass songs that I've never heard. Not the typical &#34;pop&#34; bluegrass music.Pleasant but not my type of bluegrass music.
I love bluegrass and this is a really good album. Lots of old songs I grew up with and it brings back good memories. I recommend this for anyone who like bluegrass music
You can't argue with free.  With so many choices in music out there, it really is hard to find music I like.  I like these free albums from up and coming artists to attempt to find new voices that are nice.  This is one of those albums that is ok, but is nothing special, IMO.
Have heard better!!  Of course I've heard worse as well.  I'm one of the &#34;old time&#34; bluegrass people!  Try it anyway.
This was a free download.  I have enjoyed most of the music. It reminds me of home in Eastern Kentucky.
still looking for 'High Country' to be featured for the classics,and 'Hot Buttered Rum' for the newbies....lots of better bands out there!
It's a mix of artists and some I liked much better than others.  The price was great and a good sampler of people I had not heard.
Sometimes there's a thin line between country and bluegrass and some of the songs featured on this sampler straddle that line, some however, are straight out country to my ears and that, I could have done without, Still - there's some solid bluegrass here. Well worth a listen even if it's just to sort out the keepers
This sampler is a nice exposure to the varied styles of bluegrass.  You get traditional style with Doyle Lawson and Quicksilver, and a sample of slightly more current style with the Grascals and Boxcars.
I like the sound
This album contains some of the best artists and music new and old that Bluegrass has to offer today. Too bad the technical aspects of this collection are hit-or-miss.
Ordered this after hearing the author speaking about it on the radio. I was disappointed due to I got it on my Kindle Fire and it is such small print I can't see it. It will not enlarge as other items do. Good idea though.
An ok look at some of the bluegrass bands that are out there. The free download made it even more inviting
This was a fair cross-section of bluegrass music, with a strong bias towards the gospel side.  But I was a little disappointed.  Judging by the name of the album, I had hoped this would be chock-full of bluegrass awesomeness.  Instead, it was just run-of-the-mill bluegrass music.  Ho hum...
Perhaps miscategorised, but not what I was expecting when I acquired it. It is ok as a compilation of various bluegrass music but not worth a high rating.
i downloaded for someone else...i normally do not care for country, bluegrass, or pop as i lean toward progressive jazz.
Preashea Hilliard and Tasha Cobb both offer better praise and worship. I saw all the five star ratings andgave this a try. It was so so at the very least.
If you like the originals and like dance music it's worth a listen, but nothing on this album really got my attention.  It does reflect the more recent trends in electronic music.
This is not what I expected.  The song are a little too contemporary for me. I was expecting a more solemn choir music.
Lots of good music cheap
This is an average gospel album. The choice of songs is excellent, but the style tends to get repetitious. Without the variations, after about ten minutes, it sounds like an average small church choir. An good church choir would have more solos and instruments to vary the tone somewhat. I wanted sometime to listen to as I drove around town or hit the road for meetings, but fear I might fall to sleep. Overall, this is not bad for the price.
Well group is fresh out the box and already one of the members now former, Malachi, is out. To me that is not a good thing since their first album was very good. But nevertheless, with T Haddy in there, album is worth getting but curious of how they will progress with now 2 man group. Bring that heat fellaz!
Ok, there may be alot of Thaddy but since I'm a fan of T haddy, I enjoyed it. However, because of the autotune  some of the the tracks sound alot. T haddy I know that's you style but your a great singer just come out of the box.  Next project have a little more rapping.  My favorite track on it is the remix of Jesus Piece.  Ace boogie is going to great artist, great choice.  It would great if you"ll did a project with Reconcile that would  bang............... southern style!
Way to much "T Haddy on the track", not enough lyrical content. Way too many skits(every other track). It says 20 tracks, but with all the skits inbetween it's like 10 or 12 tracks. I give it 3up stars b/c of the beats, which in my case have never been an issue with GA. Not to keep beating a dead horse, but I think it would've sounded a lot better with Malachi up on it and a lot less T Haddy, sorry T Haddy, but we dont need all that auto-tune...
Keep in mind two things about my review. One, I am not a Christian and two I am comparing this album to his previous. Even though I do not usually purchase "Christian albums", the content in Bizzle's first CD was exactly what the youth I worked with needed to hear. His lyrics were refreshing, intelligent and provoked discussion. In addition, it appealed to those of all cultures, ethnicities and orientations. This album however places Bizzle in one "lane" and leaves him there. I will agree the bar was set high but I think Bizzle needs to revisit what made him passionate about his craft earlier in his career. (Mixtapes included). If not, he will find himself only "preaching to the choir".
The previous album is a big favorite of ours. My son goes to sleep by it every night. IT explored a largely acoustic space with a softness and peacefulness that was consistent through the album. this album is more straight forward americana that tends to get lost in what the whole album wants to accomplish. The individual tracks are good and Matt's voice is excellent, but the album as a whole does not set just one mood. I threw it in a playlist and enjoyed the album much more this way
Not as strong as their other albums.  Rather than letting their voices and guitars do the work this album sounds over produced with a lot of other noise.
I chose this rating because the advertisement did not make it clear that every praise would be the only full length song or that the cd was not a full cd, but only one full length song, and 3 excerpts from other songs on the cd. For that reason, i was extremely disappointed.
I love Rick Pino but this album was not really what I was expecting it to be. It will still bless you but I had higher hopes.
The cd was okay for the money.. Its always a risk buying music you never herd of. I really like it when you find awesome music on the cheap.
After I downloaded Citizens from Mars Hill's music's release, I was stoked for another one of the Mega Church's release and in fact downloaded it before it was released my time on the day of its release. (It was released midnight Eastern time, I'm on the western seaboard)Sad to say I was a little let down. Whereas on the Citizens I could easily say I like most of their record, when it comes to this CD there are only a few that I'll listen to.Among them are, &#34;Mediator,&#34; &#34;Orion,&#34; and their rearrangement of hymns. There's a few others I like, but for the gist of it, I feel their potential hasn't been reached yet. Perhaps they can perfect their songs in time for a second release.
Although I've been a Lemmie Battles fan for years I was a little dissapointed with this CD. This CD has a much more contemporary sound even in a very traditional spiritual. I like a couple of songs on this CD but overall not as good as her past CDs.
I need more change up in the piece. After 5 or 6 minutes my ears get bored with the same synth patterns. Like, get it over with already! I give it an 3 star ok rating, because parts of it are ok, but I don't think I will ever let it play all the way through to its +60 minute completion. I could never meditate to this, I would just go to speep.
This music was not what I expected.  There were a lot of changes from the original songs.  One song was completely ruined by the change.
Not done as well as a the previous remix album but entertaining enough. Good I have gone with out or maybe bought a few individual tacks sure...
A few good tracks on this album in my opinion but vol. 1 was a better remix of Thousand Foot Krutch Music.
Not as many numbers as expected.
This was a gift for my sister. It was something she wanted and she was very fairly with it. It arrived quickly.
I was disappointed in the music.It is like most other music CDs. It did not offer anything special.I could have listened to my classical music on my other CDs.
It's a great feeling when you find out a band you loved two decades ago has returned!  One thing that has been an Achilles Heel for Sacred Warrior is production quality.  Unfortunately the production on Waiting in Darkness has a few issues as well- not as much as earlier releases, but still not what it could be.  For example, on some of the tracks &#34;Waiting In Darkness&#34;, &#34;Sinking Sand&#34; the production is a little muddy.  So what happens is Tony's drums, specifically the double bass, gets a little lost in the &#34;mud&#34; as it were.  More clarity in the production would do wonders!  But, there's a lot of good stuff here that makes this a worth while purchase for SW fans. Ray's voice was definitely a force that shined on the other releases, and it would be unfair to expect a cloned Ray.  However, Eli is powerhouse in his own right.  His higher range is phenomenal, and he is a good fit for Sacred Warrior.  It's too soon to see where this album fits in with the others, but is that even really necessary?  I guess we like to compare and rank things, but that's somewhat unfair when there is a two decade time gap, and a new singer.  I understand those fans who don't see it being SW without Ray.  For me I just need to look at is as &#34;Is this a good album?  Do I enjoy it?&#34;  I do.  It's a similar dilemma as Becoming The Archetype and their latest release &#34;I Am&#34;.  So let me conclude and say give it a listen.  I look forward to more Sacred Warrior music (hopefully with top-notch production that they are long overdue to receive!).
Okay.  not great, but okay  I hope to warm up to it before too long, but for now i'ts just okay
the pitch was the first song released, and uncoincidentally enough it's the best track on this EP. this is worth the $5, but if you want to hear this band at its best you need to find When I Am God or Son of the Morning
song sound good. but it does not sound like the radio version ,which is better than the 1on1 song i got on amazon
I really did not care for her voice. Also, the progession of each step and questions were too fast for me.
Sevin is one of the best gospel rappers out. Buying this album I was hoping it would have more joy and show his talent. The record is depressing and it seems he never lets lose.
It is okay butI have heard better nature sounds that were a little more interesting. It just gets a little monemteous
This is not a busy recording.... It comes in handy when I want to listen to a little something, but not much.