The Army Field Band and Soldiers Chorus has done more than their fair share of work representing the US abroad. This is a sampling of the kind of music they have used to represent our great nation overseas. From the traditional Armed Forces Medley to the more modern pieces this album lets freedom ring from every track.
She Came Out Of a Group ("La Banda Desafinada") To Go On a Solo Career And Without a Doubt, It Was The Best Decision She Has Made, Since She Made The Choice To Go To The Pop Genre, Showing Off Her MAD SKILLS And Abilities With Her Powerful Vocals On Themes Like "No Me Abandonar&aacute;s" (Her First Single)& "Eres Mi Fuerza" (A Duet With Jaime Barcelo of "Leon de Jud&aacute;"). These Two Great Hits Are Ballads.Beside Those Two Hits, My Favorites Are:#6 "Due&ntilde;o" (Pop) Precious Uptempo Song.#7 "Eres Dios" A Very Mellow Ballad Which Exalts God.#9 "Yo Lo Siento" (Techno) Great For Those Who Like To Work Out With Music.She Opens The CD With A Latin Style Flavor (Very Nice) and There's Even A Bol&eacute;ro (Trk#6) "Siempre Con El", So You Can See It Has All Types Of Goodies For Every Taste.I Believe, Without a Doubt, That Christine Will Be Singing For A Very Very Long Time And With Plenty Of Success, Being She's Blessed With A Very Powerful And Beautiful Voice With A High Range.
Punk is fantastic because it is stripped-down and simple. Most punk sounds the same. You either like that about punk or you don't. Great album.
When I first became a believer at age fifty I had already been exposed to the rather shallow and repetitive style of most "Christian Contemporary Music" and was not very enthused. I am sure I am influenced by my age and my childhood exposure to songs with deep meaning and memorable melodies. But, no one today writes with the reverence and awe that writers like Isaac Watts and John Wesley did.While there are always exceptions in modern songs (Casting Crowns and Mercy Me for example), I wanted to find songs that were both nostalgic and reverent in their approach to the gospel and to God. Mary Barrett's two hymn based albums "Take My Life" and "Hymns 2" are exceptionally well done newer renditions of some great old songs.My least favorite songs on this album are ones I remember hearing a thousand times as a kid, but Mary's versions are fresh and simple enough to coax a second listen. On this album "Hymns 2- Be Still My Soul" I adore her treatment of the title song "Be Still My Soul", "O Sacred Head Now Wounded", "Come Ye Sinners" and especially "Sweet Hour of Prayer". The last verse of "Prayer" is so very powerfully hopeful I often had to wipe tears from my eyes while listening to it the first few times.This is an excellent album of simple, but artful songs that do not focus on the singer (who has a wonderfully unique and pretty voice) and the layers of her singing harmony are spot on. She is accompanied by studio quality musicians and background vocals on both albums. The arrangements are very near perfect, in my non-audiophile opinion.
This album is worth having for no other reason than that it's unique. Project Ars Nova once again offers something new and different - a collection of songs from Cyprus, all dated between the years 1413 and 1422. The music is good, and the performance is excellent as always. So why only four stars? Because while the music it good, I don't think it's great. There's nothing here truly outstanding, and its main attraction is its historical value. For that alone I'm glad I bought it, but it's not the prize of my collection. Not even close.Still, if your a completist like me, you'll have to have it.
So... this is an earlier P&C release and I was interested because of Gruf the Druid (now known as Gruf I guess).  I did enjoy this album quite a bit but recommend either of the Gruf albums for Hip Hop fans.
I loved going to hear this group (when they were known by another name) in upstate New York. Good guitar, good vocal, good songs. This album is a whole new experience. I recommend this album to anyone who wants fresh, cutting edge, driving music. Kudos to Spanking Charlene.
By and large, Fools Wisdom is a better album than Wildwall, but there are two stellar tracks on this album (numbers 9 and 10 above), the title cut, "Wildwall" and "England Goodbye". Alwyn Wall also made solo albums, one produced or "presented" by Larry Norman. Malcolm Wild made what is to me one of the outstanding albums of the Jesus Movement era under the moniker, Malcolm and the Mirrors: Red Alert. This was released on the A&S; label, associated with Maranatha! Music and Calvary Chapel, Costa Mesa, if I recall.Numerous albums from this time (and these labels) for some reason do not exist on CD or MP3s. Barry McGuire's Lighten Up comes to mind (Myrrh label). I'm glad to see Wildwall on MP3 format for the two songs noted, which, in my view, indicated a strong, confident direction M&A; could have taken. The rest of the album ranges from OK to goofy, and perhaps this playfulness provided the needed space for the stronger songs to emerge. The general style, like Fool's Wisdom, is folk-rock,and the duo's chemistry, even heard today, remains something special.
This album is a nice and is of great quality.  A wonderful Eid gift for any Muslim.  Sami Yusuf is the producer on this record and also performs on one of the tracks with them.
This collection of concert band and patriotic music is a great representation of the talent of the Army Ground Forces Band. Although lesser known than many of the other military bands, the recruiting process is equally selective requiring that their 64 members pass rigorous auditions to form one of the best ensembles in the United States. The best tracks are the "Band of Brothers Suite" and "Festival Overture on the Star Spangled Banner." If you would like to hear exciting concert band music performed by talented musicians, this album would be a great selection for you.
This is a good quality recording of a fun, fantasy work not often performed because of its extreme level of difficulty.
I bought this CD to become more familiar with the songs since my choral group is doing selections from Britten's Ceremony of Carols for our upcoming Christmas concerts in honor of Britten's 100th birthday.  I wasn't crazy about the music at first because it is challenging to perform and listen to, but once you understand the middle-english that it's written in and the story he is telling with his music, you learn to appreciate it and even may come to like it, as I have.  The music and vocals are beautifully done and they invoke a nostalgic view of Christmas and what it really means.
Randall Thompson was a great American composer. He attended harvarduniversity and even went back to teach there. Well known for his choralmusic he has written many great works including but not limited to ThePeaceable Kingdom and The Testament to Freedom both inspired by Edward Hicksthe painter and his work. This is a great collection of his work and onethat should be cherished. You can really see why this composers work is ofsuch legendary esteem while listening to this album.  This is part of aseries of legacy of albums and if you liked this one you should check outsome of the others. This is one of my favorites in the series: The Legacy ofRobert Russell Bennett
One of my brothers loved this group and was inspired to sing by Brian Free.  I heard their music often at home and in the car thanks to him. I remember going to one concert with him and he was ready to &#34;join them&#34; if they asked!
This is very good music, and though his target audience is most definitely Christian, his lyrics address both the difficulties and joys of those who try to live and help others live a meaningful and abundant life.  Furthermore, the music is good enough that I believe even staunch atheists could enjoy it.  Medema's skill in musical improvisation shines through in his compositions, which are so natural that many of them have the rare quality that when you hear one of them for the first time, you feel not only like you've heard the song before, but also like it's one that you have loved your entire life.Ken Medema is a musical therapist and gifted performer who has used his improvisational abilities to help his clients tell their own personal stories.  His piano skills are amazing, and his songs have the benefit of being rich, textured, and much better than the slick and overstylized music that usually comes from the Christian music genre.As you can tell, I have never been much of a fan of Christian music as a genre, too often the genre seems to address only mountaintop moments and seems to ignore issues like struggles and doubts in the Christian faith life.  Ken Medema's music however deeply engages all aspects of life, Spiritual practice, and daily living.This album is fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone who likes good music and is not too tied to having their music sound like whatever is currently playing on the radio.  Medema has his own unique voice and it certainly a worthy one.
This was one of my favorite albums when I was a teenager.  It was such a blast to hear these songs again after more then 20 years.  The melodies and the musicality (I think that is the right word) are very charming.  The lyrics speak of a bold desire for people to get right with God and present stark warnings about God's coming wrath, while wrapped in soothing tunes that seem to calm the spirit.  It is an interesting juxtaposition.  The evangelical messages on this album are not phrased the way I would present them, though they are true.  None-the-less, I still enjoy listening to these old songs and I praise God for them.
Not going to go into a lot of detail. I just have to say in 1975 this was a  big deal to me, and it stands the test of time. If you like Simon and Gar.... then you will love this. Folk, easy rock.... you get the idea... but done very well. Vocals/harmony's that are perfect for the style. Just as beautiful now as it was 30 plus years ago.Larry Norman loved these guys, and for good reason.... excellent music!
I bought the for my great aunt and she loved it. From what understand she listens to it all the time.
I am truly enjoying the stillness of this music. The tempo is good and the piano playing is beautiful. It quiets my soul.
I agree with the previous reviewer.  This is not the exact same as the early 1970's release.  Never the less, the mysic is great.
I have not heard the whole thing, but what I have heard I like. I would recommend it to my friends.
Very nice album and when I discovered that Shawn McLemore's wife Rhonda was part of the group I knew it would be nice, but her part, that sister can sang too! Do another one plus for it was fresh and your speaking the truth.
What a great collection of American dance numbers! This will make anyone get up and shake a tail feather :)This is a great album for anyone who loves American music or American history. This album starts soft but builds to a powerful conclusion. Some instrumental albums tend to be a bit on the boring side, but this one has a great classical sound and WON'T put you to sleep!!
At first I was disappointed by this album. All the songs are about 2 minutes long, leaving an unfinished, dashed off impression.  However, after a few repeated listens, I found that the songs lingered in my mind, infected me, if you will, much like an old fashioned commercial jingle. Part of my initial problem is that I'm conditioned toward much longer songs, 5 - 15 minutes.  These short tunes took me by surprise but they work extremely well on my subconscious. I love Mike Peters' intense-as-always vocals, the solid guitar riffs, and the beautiful orchestral accompaniment. The lyrics are not top-tier for Peters, but they are adequate for what he seems to be attempting to do here. The orchestral elements suggested echoes of the Beatles' White Album and/or Abbey Road.  I'm well satisfied with this purchase.
Basso Profondo From Old Russian. Popular And Sacred Russian Songs is a very good recording-especially if you appreciate Russian Orthodox choirs.  There are a few non-church music offerings.  I particularly liked the rendition of The Legend of The Twelve Robbers-which I have also known by The Legend of the Twelve Thieves.  If you love Russian choral music-especially Russian Orthodox Church music you will enjoy this-and the Basso Profundo in this CD certainly lives up to his name.  He will shiver your timbers.
Sufficiently complex sound.  Melodic, but not really any strong hooks, and nothing that really got my head nodding with the beat.  Some tribal influences.  Nothing annoyingly repetitous (a big plus for me).  Lots of variety (maybe too much - Track 7 is more of an R&B song and seemed out of place).  When present, pro-Christian lyrics (that I sometimes wished were more integrated with the music - the sparse vocals on Tracks 1 and 2 seemed to be just "sitting on top of the music").  Overall, it's pretty decent stuff, but I would highly recommend starting with all of Andy Hunter's stuff and then go here if you want more of similar.
The arrangements are full of soul and skill, the harmonies outstanding, and the tone worshipful and full of hope. This early John Michael Talbot album has been difficult to find in electronic format. It's a delightful discovery.
I really like JMT's earlier music, especially after he entered into CCM.  While this has a blend of some of it, it has much of his music after his move into Catholicism as well.  Very pleased with the album though.
I love Bob Bennett. He is my favorite singer, songwriter, guitar player. This album is very good. It definitely has that early eighties production sound. The songs, as always are well written and performed. There is a lot of Jesus in Bob's music, which is my favorite part!
I found this artist wallpaper rusg some videos on YouTube. I was pleasantly surprised to find that she's from North Carolina. Her songs are wonderful and I immediately added them to my playlist rotation.
To much of a pop direction - but it helped them sell albums and maybe they were satisfied with the sound.
My husband had Degarmo & Key on cassette tape and wanted a digital copy, so this made a good stocking stuffer.
My favorite singers.  I always enjoy listening to &#34;Bebe & Cece&#34;, they are the group that make Christian music so enjoyable.
A great Christmas CD. A few well known favorites with the classic Steve Green vocals. Plus, several non-traditional songs including "Holy Child" and "Rose of Bethlehem", my two favorites on the CD. Only reason I didn't give five stars was personal preference. There always seems to be one song on each of Steve Green's CDs that I'm not such a fan of. This time, it's "Good News". The lyrics are fine, I'm just not such a fan of the tune.
During Several Years I Have Enjoyd His Way To Preform. His Albuns AS Hank Wilson Are Just Super.  AS A Willie Nelson Fan, I Just Can`t Get Enough.  With There`s Songs. This Shows An Other Side Of Leoa Russell. I Love It,
I really like this cd, from the first song to the last all our really exceptional. I have reviewed many of Leon Russell albums, and this one rates high with me. I can not hear "I See The Light" enough, the songs just totally takes me away. This cd so takes me-- it has changed my vocabulary daily, from hearing "Say Yes To Jesus" it really made me think, and now i say Thank You Jesus everyday. The Road To Jericho is just so wonderful, and i believe Leon Russell is highly blessed with insight. In 1978 Leon did a song called "On the Last Day" it may be my favorite Russell composition. It would be my hope others hear this cd, and are as moved as i have been by this gifted artist.
This is a great CD of favorite hymns, but most of them sound synthesized so it takes away from the dramatics a bit.  Guess full orchestras are now a thing of the past because nobody can afford to pay that many musicians!
I wish I could retrieve this again, because the SD card I saved it to broke and I did not have a back up for it. Will need to buy it again to get the collection again.
These guys are amazing musicians singing totally ridiculous metal songs in the key of Spinal Tap's "sea of retarded sexuality". They even complete the picture by appearing to take themselves seriously, like Ricky Gervais singing "If You Don't Know Me by Now" in The Office (UK) special. Imagine Spinal Tap with a singer who can match the greatest metal wailers of all time, a guitarist who could outshred Chris Guest, and more cowbell, and you get Children of the Unicorn. I highly recommend "Icicle Dagger", "Night Shark", and "The Fire in Your Pants".
I first discovered this album in 2001.  Simply an amazing start for a young christian dj.  His subsequent albums have only gotten better.
This collection of Christmas music has many familiar tunes and some new sounds.  The voices are young and well blended.  I keep one in my car for getting into the holiday mood and have sent one to my sister to enjoy.  The sound brings back memories of my days in chorus when the parts are learned separately then the moment comes when all of the voices sing.  It lifts my spirit.
TJ McCloud loves his God and his girl. These songs are beautifully written and preformed with evidence of a talented and well developed singer-songwriter. The lyrics are inspiring, romantic, and real. There isn't a pretense of being a Christian artist, but there isn't a shying away from singing about God. Also, the love songs are some of my favorite relaxed melodies and lyrics.
This was Dan's first solo album after leaving the group America. It was also his biggest commercial hit. Released in 1979, the title song went to number 1 on the CCM charts and stayed there for 13 weeks! It also crossed over to the Billboard Pop chart and Adult Contemporary chart were it peeked at number 6 and stayed on the charts for a then record 34 weeks! Regardless of what you may read elsewhere, this was CCM's first crossover hit. Two other singles were released from this album, "Ready for Love" which was a big hit on Canadian Adult Contemporary stations, reaching number 7; and "Divine Lady" which was a hit on CCM stations in the US.  It also contains what Dan described as his last song with America, Love Was Just Another Word - which features his America band mates Dewey Bunnell and Gerry Beckley. A must for CCM fans or America fans!
I purchased this product as an mp3 album download. First of all, Amazon has the most simple mp3 album downloads i have found online thus far. Second, this was actually a relaxing guided meditation cd. Sometimes you buy these cd's and the person's voice is like a nightmare! Male or female! This woman has an accent, which is naturally relaxing in itself for me, and her voice is pleasant. I would reccommend it to anyone.
This is grand religious music - but without the words that make it religious.  Does that mean that this is the elevator music of the hymns?  I don't think so.  For those who already  know these hymns, the words come into your mind whenever you pay attention to the music; but even if they're unfamiliar to you, there is a sweetness to these performances that creates a calming mood.  This is not a bad choice to have playing in your home or car as the background music for a peaceful life.
If you're not a fan of Christian Top 20 radio, enjoy the folk genre, and are into intimate worship, then more than likely you'll love Sarah McMillan. No tired music/lyrics here...just refreshing brilliance. My favorites are Treasure, Sing My Love, Open My Eyes, and Down the Banks. These are also my recommendations if you aren't interested in buying the entire album. Flesh and Bones, Bright Wings, and He Waters My Soul are good, but aren't quite up to par with the aforementioned songs. The only selection on here that seems lacking is Satisfy Me. It's the fourth song in and sort of disconnects an otherwise smoothly flowing experience. I just omit it from my burn and enjoy listening to the rest of it from start to finish. It's a lovely voice with a beautiful message that will certainly feed your soul!
This is a great live project. From the very first tract you feel as if you were at the live recording. I've been a fan of Danny Eason & Abundant Life from day 1. It's great to be able to hear this project.
For those of us old enough to remember, Contemporay Christian music wasn't very popular to begin with; that is, with the "Christian establishment".  Christians rocking out was VERY controversial.  Then there was this one band that really just didn't give a crap what anyone said.  They were going to rock, they were going to do progressive rock, they were going to have distortion and wailing guitars; and they were going to do it against a backdrop of powerfully impactful and poetic lyrics that cut straight through the BS of the day.  Resurrection Band was about as subtle as a hand grenade.  When they tackled a subject, they did it with bravado and made no apologies for their brash in your face message.  And they did it in a musical style that was absolutely fearless.  Some of the music was very progressive in nature, that classic Yes/ELP/Genesis style that by 1979 was a bit dated for some listeners; but wonderfully refreshing to new listeners of Christian Music.  The song Africaans was about Apartheid.  It came out years before it was "cool" to discuss the evils of Apartheid, and Glen Kaiser tackled it with brute force like no one else ever did.Rainbow's End, Colors, and Mommy Don't Love Daddy Anymore are the three greatest albums from Resurrection Band.  Rainbows end has it all, folk-ish rock, progressive, hard rock, and whisps of heavy metal.  Beginning with Colors Resurrection Band became a hard rock/heavy metal band, but don't fool yourself into thinking anything was lost.  The quality of the songs increased and the messages were stronger than ever.  Just last week I listened to "The Chair" (Mommy Don't Love Daddy Anymore" ) and here a full 30 years later the message resonated so powerfully it brought a tear to my eye.  Glen Kaiser is a master lyricist and his gruff voice oozes his passionate care for people.
I'm sure is a great album and the title song is smooth as silk. I was browsing the reggae pages and found this diamond. I highly recomend this album. I searched the web for more info on the voice and just as i suspected its Bunny Rugs from "Third world" need I say more? This time showing his gospel side.This album will bless your soul.Respect.
I first saw this duo when they opened for Caedmon's Call in the 90's when I was in college in Louisiana. I loved them then and I still listen to their two albums. Being from Louisiana, I love "My Home" because all of the great south Louisiana references. Harmonies are great and the guitars interact well. Very good mid-90's acoustic Christian album in the vein of Indigo Girls. Honest writing (I seem to hear a little Rich Mullins influence?) and all around good guys. I hope they are doing well. Go find them on Facebook. I did. I hope they "friend" me.
I first became familiar with Misty's music through Relentless, which has just about the most power packed songs of any album I have ever heard.  Since then I have explored nearly all of her other albums, and have never been disappointed.  In an article listing top worship albums of the last twenty years, this album was included.  I was puzzled at the time because I had already heard the incredible versatility and movement that Misty's album Relentless brings and could hardly imagine anything better.  But the author's real point was that Eternity was an excellent introduction for us to the heart of worship that Misty has and the special direction and approach that she takes with worship.  Having now listened to the album for myself, I find I agree.  Relentless may have more breadth of influence today for listeners, but Eternity gives a great foundational picture of where Christ positioned Misty as a worshiper.The heart and the songs of this album are echoed all throughout her later music.  The title track of Eternity is one of the most moving pictures of a hopeful recognition of our mortal nature transposed against the nature of God, and this essence is expounded on significantly in her album Point of Life (especially the title track and My Soul Cries).  My Devotion is just a taste of her sold out nature that will later become downright radical in Relentless' I Will Waste My Lift.  Isaiah 49 is a sensitive adaption of a beautiful scripture--a wonderful concept which we see again in Psalm 150 (also from Point of Life).  I was downright startled to hear Let Me Love You More so up beat as I had only known the sweet, mellowness the song takes on in the Relentless' version.  The ending of Until the Day Breaks is repeated wonderfully in the context of Fling Wide's Lovesick.  One especially sweet song in Eternity is Glance, a gorgeous love song which fittingly comes prior to Relentless's ending with Dove's Eyes.This album, like all albums by Misty Edwards, is very much worth listening to.  Places in worship are timeless, and this album takes you to many special ones.  Truly the most amazing place is seeing the glance of Christ for yourself!
Inspirational, peaceful, meditative music. I would recommend for soothing yourself to rest, and inspiring prayer times. Kind of running out of adjectives....
As the other reviewer on for this album states, if you like the classic Beatles songs from their "Drive my car" era, you'll probably enjoy these tunes quite a bit. This is a collaboration between by all accounts, one of the finest guitarists in the last 50 years (Keaggy) and one of the best Christian songwriters from that era (Stonehill) that results in a wonderful Retro-Pop album that any Keaggy or Beatles fan will likely enjoy.I own quit a bit of Keaggy's catalog and I'd have to say this represents some of his absolute finest non-instrumental album works and ends up being similar to albums like Crimson and Blue, but with stronger songwriting throughout, in my opinion.For those who are not Christians and are worried about being preached at, don't be. The themes/lyrics on this album are spiritual in nature, but in most cases no more so than early Kansas was with songs like Portrait. The quality of music is excellent and should not be overlooked solely based on the fact that a couple of Christians happened to write it.
When I was asked to perform a wedding in November  I looked for traditional service material to allow me to do what the Lord had asked - this book had many ideas ond I used several.
I like this track because it uses a fresh approach to the background arrangement, while leaving the melody unaltered.  The Katinas style on this track is more R&B or soul or smooth jazz, while most arrangements use a folk-pop sound.
More often than not, when I purchase an album that I loved during my Christian rock heyday in college, it doesn't sound near as good as I remember.  I have too many albums that I repurchased that I have listened to only once.  Not 7, by David Meece.  Sure, the style is a bit outdated.  But the music and lyrics are worthy of regular replays on my mp3 player.  What I love about this album is that I can sing along, which I do often in my car. Highly recommended.
First of all, IMO, Stryper will always be the best Christian rock band.  That said, Holy Soldier gives them a run for their money with this cd.  You can honestly listen to it from beginning to end, and enjoy every song.  Some are more catchy than others, but they all are entertaining.  These guys know how to play their instruments.  This is not just a group of guys who got a record deal because they are Christians (not naming any groups, but it does happen), but a group of Christians that know how to play real Hair Metal/Hard Rock.  Think Bon Jovi, Dokken, Sammy Hagar, and Stryper.  If you like the style of those bands, you will like this cd.  If you have this cd, take a listen toLast Train.
There are three different keys that can cover most singers.  No background vocals. Orchestration is OK and pretty much like the Twila Paris original.
The message here is a good one I can relate to all the verses in this song. I will sing this over and over in my mind.
has options for voice range and with or with out vocals in the background.Music sounds very close to George Strait's music.
Faithful to the original - just be certain to get a good breath before you start singing and plan out the rest of your breaths.  Otherwise you are sure to fade out at some point.
The words Janet sings touch my heart.  I believe God used it to verify that he loves me.  Janet sings -- I love you, I love you.  It touched my heart when I needed it most.
I ended up changing the pitch of the lowest track so that it was low enough for me to sing. Even dropping an octave from the high or medium tracks didn't work.Other than that, I loved this album.
this s a good item and satisfied with the quality and sound.  Would recommend this for a good worship song.
I stumbled accross this looking for a new Skillet CD.  I love finding music that I can listen to with the kids in the car, and that we all like.  This is deffinately one of those CDs.  I can't wait to hear the rest of their albums.  Definately will be buyin more!
A healthy 17 tracks will shock people who know that P.O.D. hasn't had 17 "greatest hits", at least not by radio's standards.  So is this greatest hits just another packaging of "let's put the best known and fan-friendly songs on here along with the radio releases to pad this out" type of project?  Thankfully, no.  What is done here is the taking of radio hits (both major as in "Boom" and "Alive" and "Youth of the Nation"  and "Rock the Party (Off the Hook)" as well as minor as in "Satellite" and "Lights Out") and combined them with less well-known fare, especially tracks taken off of other albums.Included are "Going In Blind" (previously unreleased), "Sleeping Awake" (from "The Matrix: Reloaded" soundtrack), "Truly Amazing" (inspired from "The Passion of the Christ"), "If It Wasn't For You" (from "The Warriors EP: Vol. 2"), and "Here We Go" (previously unreleased).  While this is fan service none of these additions raise themselves up to the level of standout songs like "Roots In Stereo" so five of these songs (none of them bad per se) do bring the overall feel of the album down.  4.5 stars.
Track 6 is such a moving and powerful expression of how awesome our GOD is.  Simple, yet very effective in evoking spiritual emotions and feelings.  It's great for a praise and worship session.
Great to hear a unique take on modern worship. Not for everyone but I love it. Some tracks may come off as a bit hard core for worship music.
This CD is a powerful worship experience. Simplistic, yet intense.  You are transported into the presence of God on the wings of flowing melodies .  Names of God is my favorite.
I love praise & worship music that is authentic and this is definitely one special project.  I loved the energy and the spirit of excellence in which these young people praised the Lord.  If you love praise & worship music you will love this one!Elder Jacob Grant
(4.5stars)Names like Bushman, Junior Kelly, Lutan Fyah and Stephen Marley come to mind when speaking of modern reggae artists who are very well polished and refined in their skills and overall presentation. Although one could argue that they all have yet to (and perhaps never will) attain a level of reggae star such as some of their far less polished peers, there can be no denying that time and time again these artists consistently push vibes of a certain level of quality and rarely dip between. In my opinion, it is really these artists who help continuously push reggae music to another level, particularly in the international sense as (at least in some cases) they tend to be FAR more active than their more well known peers. Stephen Marley's case is a very different case as his career will always be much more tied into a producer's role than an (vocal) artist, but one could seriously make the case of him being even more well polished and exercising an even greater degree of quality control than his more celebrated brothers, Ziggy, Kymani and of course Damian. Bushman, throughout his career drawing comparisons to the Messenjah Luciano (and more recently Natty King) has quietly but definitively forced himself into the minds of reggae lover's everywhere due to the fact that (save for one album, which was released twice) you'd be VERY hard pressed to find material from the baritone voiced St. Thomas native which would qualify as poor (and look out for his new album Get It In Your Mind, coming for 2008). This is true despite the fact that his career now tops a decade long of nearly pure top notch consistency.  In the (similar) cases of Junior Kelly and Lutan Fyah, both artists have scored with minor (and between them on MAJOR) hits throughout their careers and those tunes have, as expected, drawn attention to their other efforts. Of course those `other' pieces have demonstrated that both are well worth keeping an eye on as Kelly for his part, has shown himself to be one of the most melodic rootsmen of this generation making a style of reggae which both carries a heavy message and is `danceable'; While Lutan Fyah is without a doubt one of the strongest young names to emerge on the roots scene in the last two decades, possessing a bag of lyrics which seemingly has no bottom. Just to mention: Even in the dancehall vibe, while it is COMPLETELY faster paced (both literally and figuratively) and ever changing, we have also seen the likes of General Degree, Roundhead and Delly Ranx become mainstays through their consistencies as well. These are all artists which almost exclusively `serve' the reggae heads all over the world and while the Luciano's (who could definitely fit on the list as well), Sizzla's, Capleton's and Anthony B's of the world continue to capitalize more on the bigger scale, something is definitely to mentioned for consistency, of which all of these artists, are reigning kings.I believe another such an artist possessing the ability to achieve a certain level of status ultimately through his consistency is St. Croix chanter Ras Attitude. Throughout his career (which now nears its first completed decade) Attitude has attracted attention from the most hardcore of reggae heads and is just now beginning to attract attention outside of that group as well. Ras Attitude had the supreme fortune of being attached to Virgin Island super producer Batch who was in the process of establishing his own name as one of the most talented musicians and producers in the VI reggae scene altogether.  Batch had (and continues to have) so much confidence in Attitude that he actually made him the star of his very own label, Sound V.I.Zion as in 2001, Happiness by Ras Attitude became the label's very first release. If you have yet to actually hear Attitude's vibes I often draw comparisons between himself and fellow Virgin Island chanter (of St. Thomas) Pressure Busspipe as well as Lutan Fyah. I would also (particularly in the case of this album) go on to add Junior Kelly to that list as well as he does seem to have a bit of DIRECT personality which tends to show itself in his music at times much like Junior Kelly (for Kelly, you can almost tell by his voice changing that it sounds as if he's smiling while singing and for Attitude, he has this almost owlish chant which often introduces his songs or his presence on songs), also like Kelly, Attitude tends to choose the singing route just as much as he does the chanting style. In 2001, Attitude release the aforementioned Happiness album for Batch's Sound V.I.Zion Records, since then he has released four subsequent records for various labels (including a next stop for Batch with his sophomore release, the very fine Love Life in 2004) and made quite a name and a fan base for himself in the reggae thirsty communities all over the world. Interestingly enough, much like many of his peers from the VI Attitude has found a definite home for his music in California in the states which tends to favour, almost exclusively, the rootical side of the vibes over the dancehall which has made it quite a popular stopping point for not only artists of a varying degree (I know of a few who have actually left the Caribbean altogether and made a home in the west coast state due to its accessibility to their audiences as well as producing talents consistently popping up) but producers and labels as well. Ras Attitude prior to this release, had already taken advantage of the vibes through the release of his third project, 2005's Holding Firm, a VERY solid mature piece of modern reggae for San Diego based label Zion High Productions released in conjunction with Lustre Kings Productions (which is probably the most well known modern reggae Californian based label and maybe the best) and Sound V.I.Zion Records as well. The vibes from Holding Firm were of such a strong and consistent quality that it certainly comes as to no great shock at all that Ras Attitude returned the following year to voice this album, for North California based Royal Inity Records, Royal Lionage.To put it simply: Holding Firm was very strong album, Royal Lionage is stronger. The album comes through different (but ultimately similar) means as Sound V.I.Zion and Royal Inity linked to produce what is without a doubt at the very least the second strongest album of Attitude's now five albums (it is, in my opinion, only eclipsed by his most recent effort, Trodding Home). Royal Inity itself is quite a big deal as it is a label which is operated in part by members of California reggae act, Groundation and Royal Lionage (the label's first (and only to date) LP release)is co produced by current Groundation member Ryan Newman. It also features Groundation members Marcus Urani and Kelsey Howard playing on tunes on the album as well. While Holding Firm took a while to grow on me (I actually bought it twice having given it away the first time, now it is one of my favourites) Royal Lionage stuck to me very quickly. The album opens with the classic and epochal big vibes of I Know. I Know is an excellent way to start the album it has an old vibes to it but it's incorporated into Attitude's very modern chant so it actually has the overall FEEL of a new vibes. Trust that if you heard the riddim track alone (or just are perceptive enough to tune into the riddim itself) you'll feel that classic vibes. At the end of the day the tune rates very highly on an album which is very well jam packed at the top. Next up is Revelation Time one of the signature tracks of Royal Lionage (very very nice album title I must add) and definitely one of the real highlights here. Even though the tune is prefaced by a corny sort of interlude, when the song gets going it is downright magical. The tune features so many different subtle changes throughout its 4:31 as Attitude goes from singing (on the very lovely chorus) to chanting to flat out rapping on the opening first (a bit in the third as well). Of course the message  is crucial as it always is in Attitude's music as he speaks about the Revelation and various things people (particularly the children) encounter which can steer us away from righteousness ultimately, and does so over a minimalist riddim which serves perfect as you key in on every single word. Finishing the opening of Royal Lionage is one of my favourite tunes altogether on the album (you find yourself saying `one of my favourite songs' a lot on this album) the absolutely wonderful Joyful Day. Joyful Day has a much more upful rootical vibes to it, almost bouncy even and it works at every turn. It sounds very much like the type of tune which you find (probably as the opener) on a Junior Kelly album and Attitude uses his very fine singing voice throughout. I just really found the song to be a definite one to just make you feel good and really appreciate the day as it is (I've been listening to a ton of soca and Joyful Day is night to day when compared to soca but the feeling I got from was the same). Definitely a strong opening few tracks for Royal Lionage.Joyful Day actually ends the opening of the album but at the same time begins a VERY strong stretch of three songs (including itself) which go to make up some of the real top order of Roayal Lionage. Check the somewhat hip-hoppish but very strong Push Up Your Level Rasta. Speaking of Junior Kelly, the tune reminds me very much of (in terms of message) Kelly's hit Rasta Should Be Deeper. In sound, it does have a feel of a hip hop track (I believe that the album's executive producer, Will Robinson actually has a background in hip hop) and Attitude goes completely hype over the track. Even at one point in the late portion of the middle, he dispenses with all style completely and delivers in an almost complete SQUEEK. Definitely something to hear. Although the first `interlude' is just bad, the one which comes between Push Up Your Level Rasta and the absolute brilliance which is More to Life is adorable as it apparently features Attitude's young daughter. Musically speaking, More to Life has just about as big of claim as Royal Lionage's best track (and it would be were it not for a VERY addictive track later). The song flows over an almost hypnotizing beautiful one drop (with a STRONG string piece throughout) and speaks of all the negative things and material things which really don't matter as there is FAR much more to life than them and (as Sizzla said) they will fade away. Very nice track and one you definitely need to check.Royal Lionage maintains its strength. Check another signature piece here, the vocodered vibes of Where There is Jah Will which features over probably the heaviest one drop on the album, Royal Inity's first official riddim release, the very nice Mad Notes. Upstream of Life is another bouncy selection and a nice one for all of the Empress (my Empress did very much so love the track) and its another track which finds Attitude singing exclusively throughout. Again, the closing stretch here is again one to keep an eye on and includes my choice as Royal Lionage's best track. Kette Drum is mad. Featuring a very heavy conga drum throughout and just a slew of various types of drums throughout over a riddim which is SIMPLY COMPLEX and a message which celebrates a vibe which is arguably the basis for all one-drop reggae music. Know Who Is Jah! The song has almost an R&B; edge to it, but BEWARE, you will listen to the song once and you will not be able to stop! My choice as the best tune on Royal Lionage, Know Who Is Jah is a tune which has the strongest message on the album, "Everybody shoulda know who is Jah, the Lion Conquerah, the whole world should fear HIM". Magic! And the song is delivered in one smooth vibes which makes it stick so deep in the mind, VERY STRONG! As I said, definitely watch out for the track, it sneaks up on you and it certainly catches the attention, hopefully the message does as well. Rounding out Royal Lionage is the well powerful drum heavy Shelter Me Oh Jah. As I said I consider Attitude's vibes to be a cross between Pressure Busspipe and Lutan Fyah, but Shelter Me Oh Jah is a track which ONLY he could sing.  It has such a building vibes throughout the tune and a message which you definitely need to pay attention to; Attitude is essentially saying for all to beware of all the negative things and the evil things in the world and to call on the protection of Jah to steer us away from those things and he sums it up quite well when he says, "Jah I know in your arms its painless!".  Truly! And you will truly be impressed by Shelter Me Oh Jah perhaps the most musically impressive track on Royal Lionage.Overall, I am SO tempted to give Royal Lionage a five star rating and the only thing preventing me from doing so is that the album checks in at a mere eleven tracks (and in my review I talked about every song except Live Up, another very nice tune) with the longest of those tracks coming at nineteen seconds shy of five minutes. I almost found myself wondering `okay where is the rest of it' after making my way through it the first few times. If all albums were eleven tracks long however, this would be five stars easy, yes its that good. I will say that even though there are spots of a hip hop or R&B; vibes, this one (like most of Ras Attitude's work) is strictly for the reggae heads (newer fans I would probably recommend the Love Life album as it was harder and on an almost dancehall vibes at times). Reggae heads, meet one of the new pillars of consistency, when you find yourself spinning the shine off of Junior Kelly, Lutan Fyah, Pressure and Jah Mason, check Royal Lionage, Ras Attitude is in that royal class.
El motivo de mi compra fue para ambientar mi consultorio (soy ortodoncista) y realmente me gust&ograve;. envuelve el lugar tiene acordes suaves que no saltan, pasa desapercibido pero llena el espacio de mi consulta. para mi gusto es apropiado en mi consultorio. no me agrad&ograve; por completo ya que el sonido mismo es un poco bajo frente a otros trabajos donde basta con aumentar levemente el volumen del computador para escucharse correctamente.
Excellent for what it is; Electronic / Jazz - Christian - Blues. VIH (Victory In Heaven) The recordings are done well, it just does not have all the mastering that a lot of today's listeners are use to getting when they hear an over produced piece.
I haven't purchased this project, but I heard the Hallelujah Slide on the Gospel Music Choice channel on cable.  It was cute...enough for me to actually look it up on Amazon.com.  Not so crazy about southern gospel, but I definitely intend to purchase that track.  Cute, fun and different enough to put in the playlist for Christian social events. Title made me nervous that it'd be corny, but I found the actual song pretty clever.
At little different take on hymns, but certainly enjoyable.  Nice for easy listening.  Our Daily Bread have several types of CDs I'll have to try a couple more.
I'll get the 800 pound gorilla out of the way right off-TSO, SRO-yes, this is a direct Christian tribute to Trans-Siberian Orchestra, and a pretty good one, at that.  These extremely capable musicians go so far as to reference a couple popular TSO tunes (without note-for-note cribbing, mind you).  Overall, this is a very good first effort.  My particular favorites are Holy, Holy, Holy, Awesome God, and Praise Ye The Lord, The Almighty.  The performances are uniformly excellent, with some very clever arrangements.  I hope to see  more from SRO.
We are studying Genesis in Bible Study Fellowship so these songs go along perfectly.  My son loves a couple of the songs, but the others are growing on him...
This is a really good album to have come out in 05. The message is going hard and the beats Are slamming. Gospel rap should have you amped for righteous and a hatred for sin, and this album is that. the only negative, is that on a couple of songs, it's hard to understand the a artist.
This is my first audio yoga class purchase, and I am pretty happy with it. Although it takes some time to get used to the pace and the background music, the overall experience is pleasant. It's a very easy workout, if you know how to do basic postures, you'll be able to follow easily. The pace is sometimes uneven - too quick at one moment, too slow at another, but it's a minor drawback. Overall, although I don't think it can replace a collective yoga class experience, it's a nice companion for your at home practice. By the way: the 45 minutes quick yoga practice isn't worth it - it lacks the warming up and the final relaxation, that, to me, are essential - I recommend to purchase the whole package.
I was scoping through Amazon's MP3 recommendations for me and ran into the Free Austin Sampler album....didn't like much of what I was hearing... in my opinion too many wanabees and too many artists trying to hard. BUT...I heard The Canvas Waiting "Ghosts". Which led me to this solid album, "In Sear of Beginnings"Strong vocals, purposeful/intentional lyrics, a solid band,and great production makes this an album to own. Songs range from the yearning lyrics and soaring sounds of "These Familiar Arms" to songs like "Scout" with grinding guitar and driving purcussions.This is a rich album, worth listening to carefully. But it!
Jon's incredibly clear voice approaches that of Elton John's.  His minor chord driven arrangement of "I Want Jesus to Walk with Me" is both powerful and mysterious -- which symbolizes the relationship with Jesus, as comfortable yet surrendered.  Carry Me Home is an easy melody to internalize and relate with as we all have our journeys away from and back to our home.  This should be in everyone's iPod or CD player in the car, to help us tune back to more spiritual things.
I especially like two of the songs from this album. She has a great voice.* Baby I'll Wait* So Alive
love to hear the sounds  of the insterments and can work right along with the music .  Takes me back to the country.
I originally had this on cassette tape.  I love the old school gospel.  This CD you could sing  along  remember all the hits.  Great old school gospel.  Great  sound quality.
This was a great album I just love the way it brings back that old time religion. I know that this album will help give me peace.
When this cd came out years ago my aunt had a copy and it was a little different than the cd that we were used to with the Sound of Benjamin, so we didn't really like it. I think over the years with my more extensive knowledge of Jazz, I love Ben's stylings more and more. This is a oldie, but goodie. My faves: 911 Emergency, I Believe You Love Me Now, and Eden. All of these have different sounds yet all very smooth and relaxing.
This instrumental does justice to the songs and hymns - great addition to your music library if you like mountain music!
I have used these songs in our camp ministry in a sing-along fashion.  For those of us who do not always have musicians (or any musical ability of our own) this is a great resource.  The only downer is that there is very little variety as far as the vocal sound.
This is the first time that I remember Amazon offering a free inspirational song. What a great start! May there be many more. There is lots of variety and a BIG sound. It's somewhat short but it really moves along. There is a lot packed in 3 1/2 minutes.
Amanda Falk is an independent artist who is based in Winnipeg, Canada. This, her debut album, has songs that show us Amanda at her most vulnerable. Songs about break-ups, losing loved ones, and the place God has in her life make this album easy to listen to, as we can almost all relate to at least some of her experiences. And those we cannot relate to, we want to understand. Through her lyrics and captivating voice, I was drawn into each song, feeling the pain, the doubt, the vulnerability, and the joy that Amanda undoubtedly did.While most songs are strong, there are a few that don't jive with me. But I did really enjoy Fireflies, Endless, Small, and Enough in particular. I strongly recommend this to anyone who wants a soft, soothing album to listen to while caressing a warm mug of tea or coffee. Great work, Amanda!
This band has a couple of ex-Tourniquet members Guy Ritter and Gary Lenaire. So it gives just a taste of Tourniquet with a little different twist.  Great vocals, great riffs, a very tight sound. Whatever If, and Superficial Intelligence are just a couple of my favorites but I will say there is no song on this album I must skip which is unusual for me. I really wish the bands previous album Diet Of Worms was available on MP3.
This CD, like all official releases and mixtapes by The Street Pastor, aka Yaves, or simply Street Pastor, is solid and always worth a listen. But this guy is a sold-out Christian - no explicit lyrics here, unless they mean being explicit about expressing his love for God.
This is a very relaxing cd, I gave it to my brother while he had to go through chemo and he said he put it on every time he was in his truck going to work, his 3 children ages 7-11 always asked him to play it when they went for rides too. Recommend this for those that are going through a tough illness. I had a cd similar to this one in 1990 while I was doing chemo, and it gave me such a peace to be reminded that God is in control and has me in the palm of His hand. Give this to someone you know that is troubled. Fast delivery right to my computer!
I've followed these guys for a couple of years when I first stumbled upon their music while listening to RadioU, and I have to say that this EP made me happy. There are a few songs I don't like at all, but the rest are pure awesomness. The raw and dirty sounding vocals are astounding, and definitely help make the album. The guitar, drumming, melody, and clean vocals are all perfect as well. I would recommend this album to any metal lover, and my two favorite songs are "The Vindicator" and "To The Gates". Both songs are revolutionary in sound, and I would go so far as to say "The Vindicator" is one of the most peaceful/calming hardcore song I've ever heard. Not sure if that's where the band was going with it, but I love it and fall asleep to it on occasion. Great band, great album, 4/5.
She has a really pleasant voice which is in just the right range for my daughter and I to sing along.  I really like her choice of songs.  I wish there was a downloadable booklet for the words.
This is a really good CD. It has very good worship music. if your goal is to get into the presence of The Lord this will do it.
What a shame. I heard Carol of the Bells on Pandora, came here to buy and all I hear are bad digitally recorded versions of the songs. One can only imagine if the downloads you might buy here would be the bad version or good. I still may take a chance on it because I love guitar music in general and there aren't enough good Christmas guitar songs out there. Please Amazon, I am a big fan but fix these recordings! I can't believe the artist himself has not complained in 10 years! I'll give it 5 stars when the samples get re-recorded.
If you love Japanese Flutes and the shakuhachi as well as a hint of celtic style music, definitely give this album a try.  She is a highly respected shakuhachi in Japan (which is saying a lot) and has a celtic background which ever so slightly peeks through is a delicate way that feels like a memory or reflection and doesnt over power the traditional tones of her shakuhachi technique.I only purchased one of the tracks,  3. Light Braiding, so I can only speak of it. When I first heard this track I could hear in it, something that I myself have felt and known. Like an echo of something deeper, and I honestly can say that this mp3 was definitely written from that inner place and calls us to it.
I discovered this album when doing a song search.  I decided to pick it up and I'm so glad.  It is a wonderful and sweet worship album.  I love the mixture of voices and many different instruments.  I love the honest and raw worship.  I would recommend this album highly.
Christian progressive rock.  Heavily influenced by Rush, with some hints of Queen and Floyd.  Most of it is a 50 min or so piece that is (when I can understand the lyrics) sort of a journey through hypocrisy, weak and sleepy Christianity, the depths of hell(or is it Despond?) and finally to redemption at the end.  The tone of most of it is pretty gloomy until near the end.  Another piece at the beginning and also an instrumental in the tradition of "La Villa Strangiato."  Amazing bassist reminds me of Geddy Lee, and the guitar work seems really strong to me too. The band is really slow in places but shows in others that they can really crank it up and rock, too.  Only weak point to me is the vocals, as they are a bit too high-pitched to me and are really turned down a little much in the mix.  If you are a fan of Rush, definitely check out.  cannot wait for their next work, O Nox Ultima.
I was looking for this album for awhile and found it on Amazon.  It was worth the wait.  Loved it!
I bought it to quiet my spirit and allow me to relax.  It does that very well.  Good purchase for me
This man has the gift of spoken word. He is not afraid to talk about controversial topics in the church. He tells truth and I do not mind being corrected by his words.
I have seen this group a couple times in concert and are great!  This CD is just as good!  They have a love for the Lord and it shows!
I really like this recording. The choice of songs is excellent. They really lead you into the Lord's presence.The only thing I didn't like is that the last song is cut off.  I don't know if it is the fault of Amazon or the supplier, but song 16 "Make Me Over" ends abruptly.
Most people do not even know about them. I got a few songs for free and decided I like them a lot. I am buying the rest. It is music you will want to sing and dance to! They are into it and it is true.
I purchased this cd when it first came out, largely because it contained some unsung ministry. I was not disappointed. The songs are good, but second to his live ministry. My favorite is the story he tells about picking up a hitchhiker who ends up a little "ripe" from not having bathed, and how easy it was to dismiss him, but how our Heavenly Father puts up and actually loves us through the foul stench of our sin.  On this cd, Rich used humor and personal experiences to demonstrate God's love for a fallen people. Definitely worth hearing more than a few times.
it very nice we you for a los a moments i realy recomend to any one very good thank you
Easy to listen to this music.  The melody encourages humming along.The price is very reasonable. Instant download is fast and convenient.
This album is one of my favorites. I sing along and it never fails to put my in a peaceful state. Linda's voice is authentic and her songs are heart felt.
I liked most of the songs on the album. My favorites are Won't work, I will Praise Thee, and God Is.
It was great to hear all the old Christmas songs in the Cherokee language and with real heart it was a Merry Christmas
I like it but it was not as relaxing as I thought it would be. this was my mistake But my granddaughter loves it.
I purchased 3 songs off this album (4, 6, 9) because I like the soft side of Matt, the piano side.  Can't wait til his official "after Idol" album comes out!  Go Matt!
This album is well worth the money.  The only reason that I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that 5 would take something epic like Crowder's Illuminate CD to catch 5 stars.  It is good, thick music.  Slightly foreboding, kind of the tension where the dark of earth meets the light of heaven.  Great album.
Nice melodic spiritual music.  Enjoying the music and it calms my soul. a1324 134 134 134 12 1324 134 134 134 12
I found that I was doing a thumbs up on so many of these songs on Pandora that it only made sense to purchase the album. It was a wise move. I purchased another one for my Dad who also liked it a lot. He has been playing piano for many years.
not beautiful but real and down to earth.  I wish written text was provided for the words but it is great to hear authentic chants.
"Falling Asleep With Your Angels"- Is a nice uplifting experience before going to sleep last night. I am looking forward to listening to it again tonight.It was comforting and gave me hope. And the musical score was very enriching to me.I bet if I use this again I will get even more results. What I hope to receive is a communication with these angelic beings, perhaps guidance and assistance in everyday things and circumstances.I do believe angels exist because I have heard many stories about them from interviews on the internet. I am glad that there exists this listening media which tends to encourage me and guide me into such an exploration.I noticed it's similar to an exercise in Sue Storms book.For 99 cents, it's well worth a try.
After a strong debut from Amanda Falk, I wondered where she would go with this release. On her sophomore album, Amanda has truly found her target audience: adolescent girls struggling to find an identity in a world so obsessed with physical beauty. Songs like "Beautiful", "Lonely", "We All Cry", and "Fragile", we see that Amanda feels called to reach out to a generation that has been flooded with pressure to "fit in" and "look good."These songs, as well as others like "Can I Just Come", "Love Like You", and "This is Love" (all of which talk about Amanda's relationship with God) are strong numbers which will touch many lives.Two things kept me from giving this release 5 stars. First, the songs do not quite have the same vulnerability as her first release. This can be attributed to Amanda's personal growth both as a person and as a musician. But it can also be studio pressure to sound more like the mainstream. Second, because Amanda's calling is to adolescent girls, some of the songs do not hit me the way her previous release did. This is no one's fault, and should not stop anyone from picking up this, a strong follow-up to her solid debut album. Check it out!
Can't fault the music.  It's great. BUT.... the medium and high tracks are labeled wrong (they have been swapped). Easy enough to figure out. My biggest complaint is that the High/Medium/Low labeled "with background vocals," DO NOT CONTAIN ANY BACKGROUND VOCALS!!! The with and without background vocals are identical -- no background vocals on any of the tracks. So I just paid for 3 tracks that are supposed to contain background vocals and do not.  If you are looking for background vocal tracks, you may not want to purchase this accompaniment. :(
I bought this for my daughter so she could continue to sing with/or without someone. It's not a bad CD, just not what I was expecting. I was hoping since this is a 2 person song, you could get the background vocal of the person singing for Andrea, but you don't. We didn't care for the singer they chose to sing the full song, so we just skip that track. The lyric sheet that comes with it has the wrong lyrics. It's supposed to be the English version, but they have some of the verses wrong. I went to Musicnotes.com and printed the Piano/Singer Pro version of this song by Celine Dion & Andrea Bocellli. My daughter decided to play it on the piano and sing it with or without a second person and use the CD if no piano is available. If one doesn't have that ability, I would definitely advise them to buy this CD, download the music from Musicnotes.com and use the words from the download with the CD track in your key and sing itI gave this a Four Star rating because there is nothing wrong with the CD, just the lyrics, which is a minor issue.
The music was wonderful and I found my range with no problems, but would have liked to have had the words to the songs, rather than having to go look to other sources, and piece them together.
I thought white noise might be strange. I really like this because it blocks out extraneous noise when working or reading and I don't even notice it.
This project has been out for a while, but I didn't find out about it until Fall 2010.  If I am not mistaken I came across a YouTube video of "Our Father" and instantly liked the song.  I decided to dig a little deeper and bought the whole cd. It's very enjoyable with a mix of soulful christian contemporary praise and worship.  One of my favorites on the album is "I Praise You".  It is such a simple praise song to God, but it's very effective. If you like this type of music, then check it out. I am almost certain that there will be a song or two that you would enjoy.
I really like this album - especially both parts of "In the Beginning".However, there is some stuff in the middle of the album which throws it off for me a bit. First off there is the "Tribute to love" which is not a song, but the prayer of an older man sharing his love for his recently departed wife. Very touching, but not something I would listen to more than once - it is actually a bit distracting during a soaking/ministry time (I end up standing up and changing the song).Also, there is a bit of Jason interacting with the crowd (which is cool) and some funner songs - "Where the Wild Things Are", "Yes, Yes, Yes", which are upbeat songs, that are not quite in the vein of prophetic worship that I equate Jason's music with. The album does not flow quite like Remember, or Open Up the Earth.SO... in a nutshell: Good album and there is a lot of wonderful deep worship. However, if you are going to play this album during a quiet time, ministry time, etc... you might consider making a playlist to skip the middle of the album and/or play the songs you want.
First off, this is a live album, and as such, it is not as seamless to listen to as other Upton albums. There are natural limitations to the recording quality in a live environment that can't be completely fixed later. While I personally prefer studio production values, this is still a beautiful, engaging album, one that is filled with the Father's hope.Upton is a songwriter with a strong prophetic gifting. He sings and speaks from the Father's heart. His songs are encouraging, convicting, filled with love, and most importantly, direct the listener to see and know God's desire for relationship.This is not a 'pop' Christian album. It is intended to be listened to with care and attention, not as background music. Set aside twenty or thirty minutes when you can listen to 3-4 tracks in a row and really let it sink in. You may be amazed at how much is communicated, not just from Upton, but from the Lord as well.
The CD 'One More Touch' is a new concept in Reggae Gospel called, 'Street Gospel', addressing social issues as they relate to spiritual up-liftment. This inspirational musical compilation exudes a refreshing sound that touches the heart of fans worldwide!..
This was a purchase for my daughter. She loved it very much. Will look for more by this artist. Thanks
Jason Smith, Ryan Hinton, Paul Hatch, Kimball Brown, Ben Haacke, and Lynn Haacke present a beautiful selection of Mormon religious music. While much of the music has the sound of four-square gospel or a traditional hymn feeling, occasionally the sweet perfection of the voices are enhanced by mixing a full choir behind their voices which creates the audible image of a huge organ filling a glorious cathedral. The music is very nice and beautiful.
The songs on here are wonderful! I would have given it a full 5 stars, but my kids seem to like the songs from their other cd "Sharing Time" better. We haven't listened to this one very much yet, so maybe soon, these songs will grow on them and they'll love them just as much as the other.
We like this album because the songs are in different styles and not kiddie versions.  The spoken tracks are somewhat hard to understand.  I would like to have a printed version of the verses.
I liked Scott Beck's "I've Seen the Light" Album because I like to hear positive music. Scott did not disappoint me on being positive. His voice is a little rough and plain but not too soft so it does not put you into a meditative state. His songs are  entertaining in his own way simple positive music way.The best songs in the album are 1)"Open my heart(chant)", 2)"The Spirit in you and I", 3)"Illusions".  The "Open my heart" chant reminds you that you can be open to the good.  "The Spirit in you and I" song reminds you that Spirit is everywhere supporting you. The "Illusions" song seems to say that everyday things find one looking at illusions that grasp your attention. I give it the album four stars because when you hear him sing it is like one of your friends are singing a cheery song around a campfire.
This guy has a beautiful voice and heart.  I stumbled across him while listening to different artists versions of the song "We all bow down".  I have not heard all of these songs, but I do know that his version of "beautiful" and "we all bow down" and the song "all I want"--these three are excellent.
While I in no way object to the label "Christian" that Amazon put on this CD, I do believe it is a pitty to pigeonhole Andrea's lovely message of peace, love, freedom and the Spirit within into one category. This album is much more than one specific religion/belief. Many Christians might not agree with how certain lines are phrased or some of the messages conveyed, or some beliefs expressed.Once again, it is nothing against the Christian religion, it is merely a disagreement on the category.That said, I am a big fan of Andrea Lane's. I have had the good fortune of seeing her perform many times and the true light she has that shines from within is of course impossible to see while listening to the CD, but if you, as she suggests, remain open, you will be able to feel it.Her lyrics are inspirational and echo within the heart and the soul.  They have helped me many a time to refocus, remain connected or simply build up on the already existing happiness of my heart. Andrea truly, really is Spirit's inspired and guided.  Of that, there is no doubt.This album (her second)is a bit more country-like musically, which isn't my favorite style of music, but the messages and vibes remain the same.I strongly suggest you also check out her first album "Blessings".  While short, it packs quite a punch.Basically, I dare any spiritual or open person to remain untouched by Andrea's simple, yet true words.
Great and very relaxing voice. I could listen to her for hours. Very soothing. Amazon hit the nail on the head when they recommended this recording
Greene is great on the harmonica. Just wish some of the songs were not as jazzed up as they were.
You wont find a wider variety of Gospel type music. Several of the songs could be considered prophetic. Some are very enlightening, but all are grounded in God's TRUTH! If you are dissappointed with this CD I would guess you might be one of the ones God talks about, as turning you over to your own vain imaginations?
good for meditation, and practice for church chanters as well as to appreciate the beauty of the Eastern Church. This series opens a window to the hauntingly beautiful chant and hymns of the orig. universal church  Many hymns in this and others in the series have found their way into RC and more formal liturgical hymn books of &#34;old Line&#34; protestant churches, but changed in the process of translation, then altering tunes to fit the new words. The Orthodox Liturgy is the basis of the Lutheran, Episcopal, Presbyterian and Roman Catholic churches, as well as being within a few words exactly retained by the Eastern Rite/Maronite Catholic branch of the RCC. Early Roman chant (see the series by Marcel Peres of these hymns) was essentially the same as Byzantine chant, and was only changed to the simpler, less melodic chant  known as Gregorian centuries later. The orig mass was in Greek, and slowly became a kind of bilingual Greek/Latin and then almost completely Latin over a slow process. Even today, liturgical &#34;fossils&#34; are seen in the LAtin Mass, such as Kyrie Eleison (Lord have Mercy in Greek) and the moving ancient &#34;Holy God, Holy Mighty, Holy Immortal one , have mercy on us&#34; which is sung in both Latin and Greek at times.
Pretty cool independent release. I hear one of these songs is going to be on a movie shot in Santa Barbara.I like Titties and Wrapped in Foil.
There is nothing wrong with ROOTS.  The tracks are solid and cohesive.  There was no reason to remix the songs in terms of helping the original album.  In all truthfulness, this EP is just a nice extension into the musical world of ROOTS.  The remixes keep the same tone as the originals, but put that slight twist to them just right that you feel like there's more to the individual song than you initially realized.  They're not the typical dance/techno/dubstep type that usually gets applied to pop songs.  If you really dig ROOTS, you'll appreciate this little EP.
The Weddings first cd....ya not that great. But since, they've emerged as a well-rounded awesome christian punk emo rock band of justice! From Fayatevilleoscarson or where ever they're from, I love their new stuff. Polarity is amazing and the new EP is equally as amazingness. Good job Wedding dudes and continue your dominance in a lost and ****** up world! Redeem is a great song. If you don't have The Weddings cd's, get them now. You will enjoy them.-From SLC, peace
The Wedding is one of those bands I've kept meaning to check out, but just never have for some reason. They've made the way to my iTunes wish list a few times, but something else always caught my attention, pushing the Fayetteville, AK rockers to the side again. Because of this, I was glad to be assigned this EP, even though it's been out for such a long time. Gave me just the excuse I needed.The Sound, The Steel EP is only 5 songs, but they pack quite a punch. Blending elements of punk, rock, and pop, these 5 songs are diverse enough to provide an interesting musical journey despite the short length. From the upbeat, punkish "Receive" to the piano-driven "Renew," which highlights Matt Shelton's extremely solid vocals, I found a lot to love in this little collection. "Reveal" is a fantastic (albeit musically typical) modern rock song, and the EP closes out with "Redeem," probably my favorite song on the album, both lyrically and musically. The crescendo towards the end of the song is powerful, capturing the concept of redemption within the sound itself.I've listened to these songs multiple times, and I'm hard pressed to find a whole lot to criticize. True, The Wedding isn't really going to blow you away with a sound you've never heard before, but this is just great rock music, with enough musical surprises and lyrical imagery to keep you interested throughout. There are catchy guitar riffs, a couple solos, and great vocals and songwriting.I'm hard-pressed to remember ever hearing an EP that was more satisfying than this little gem. Typically, EPs just give you a couple good songs with a few fillers, just trying to entice you to check out the full length album later. On this, I was satisfied and left wanting more at the same time...you know what I mean. The collection stands all on its own, but I'm definitely going to head back to iTunes and pick up The Wedding's earlier stuff and hope it's as good as this EP.
As a songwriter myself, I pay attention and remember people that write the songs I like.  And as a pianist, I also pay attention to people who have detailed and complex musical arrangements backing the vocals.  I first discovered Marcus Scott's music on the DFW album "Pressin' On" and wondered who this songwriter was that takes psalms and other scripture and turns them into such great songs with such detailed musical arrangements.  The scriptural backing gives his songs lyrical integrity that is missing in a lot of modern gospel music.  There are some really wonderful songs on this album but my favorite is "Saved".  I also love the title track and "I Call You Father".  This is a blessed and anointed songwriter here, people.  And if you're a gospel musician and you're looking for interesting music to play or teach, he's got that covered, too.
A friend of mine referred this album to me. At first I was reluctant to buy it because I never heard of C-Born Nacirfa and I really don't like rappers from Houston, TX. But man I'm so glad I bought this album. C-Born recaptures the elements of hip hop with flawless creativity. His style is unique totally untypical of Houston rappers. The production is on point. His lyrics are cleaver and bold, demanding attention. C-Born keeps it versatile with interesting subject matters, unlike the typical party and dance or the so called gangsta thug nonsense that currently floods the airwaves. This is exactly the kind of music that needs to be propagated especially in times like this. If you like artists like Immortal Technique, Nas, Dead Prez, Common or Mos Def then you will love C-Born Nacirfa. I recommend this album to anybody who still has a longing for real hip hop music. Don't sleep on it!!!
This is an awesome cd to cruise to.  I was surprised when I put the disc in my car beacause I was expecting a rocking solo album.  It has a different style than David Huff is know for.  Most shocking is a love song sung to his wife.  If you love David Huff or love smooth jazz buy it.
Saving Hollywood... I love it. If u like rap, this is worth a listen. If ur religious, DEFINITELY listen. This is one of those things u should hear for urself.Some would say that Brothatone is one of the best/hottest Gospel/Christan/holy "Rappers" out. They would be wrong. Brothatone is one of the best and most talented "Rappers" out now period. Compare his lyrics and style equally, and its no comparison to many. He doesnt get the attention and props because of his genre/message.Him and his message may not be for you, but the man is doing what he believes in, and I respect him tremendously. Listen to him honestly and/or meet him and u will prob do the same.
Solid first effort by Jerome. Well-crafted lyrics and melody, and avoids the production pitfalls of much that is out there in the genre. Great tunes for the local church or solitary worship.
Having enjoyed Charlie Miller's piano book I was glad to find he had a CD. He does a great job with each song and they are good to listen to. The quality of the recording is a little below some others, but not enough to miss out on this music. I'm a pianist and having a large collection of piano CDs I can say that this one is right up there with the best.
Used for yoga. Good beat and no down time, it can be a little slow in places but not too slow. The class is advanced and hatha flow.
I play a mix of soft new age & world music every night when I go down for meditation & sleep...very nice,  great value. As I listen to it more I enjoy it more...
It has a nice beat and clams your day down. I like listening at the of the day as the sun set.
If you want an introduction to the beauty and transcendent quality of Tibetan singing bowls, this is probably not a good place to start. As others have said, the ocean waves are very loud and often the bowls take a back seat to the sound of surf. But if you are a singing bowl fan and want to mix up the sound a bit, Moffett has come up with a clever approach in blending the often strong wave action with the prolonged tones of the bowls. I'm listening in a darkened room where the temperature is chilly, and I actually have the sensation of sitting on a beach, listening to singing bowls played nearby. This is a soundscape that's probably more brisk and invigorating than purely mellow -- and although it puts me in a different space than just straight singing bowl sounds, I really enjoyed it.
I have had the privilege to meet and worship with Canada's Tim Milner and he truly has a passion for praising our God. "Kiss The Son" is Tim's 2nd album and a great follow-up to "Form And Essence". Right from the opening song "O Worship The King", a hymn re-write with a new chorus similar to Chris Tomlin's version from Passion's Hymns album, Tim brings uplifting reverence and joy of worship to our King. The title song brings scripture to life and is based on Psalm 2: "Kiss The Son, lest He be angry" and Revelation 19:11-16.The other highlights for me are "Extol", "Greater Grace"-the first single released in Canada, "For Such A Time" and "Follow", a great rocking song of praise to our God. The album ends like it starts, with a nice hymn re-write of "This Is My Father's World" with Tim's wife Dorilee singing lead. I really enjoy the vibe of this album and the melodies and lyrics are all solid and biblical. Fans of Lincoln Brewster or Chris Tomlin should enjoy this solid worship album.
I was lookin' to buy the Truckin' Sessions and saw this album. I do like some of the religious albums of Johnny Cash and the Elvis religious albums are some of his best. I decided to give it a shot and see. Dale's vocals are really good classic sounding Dale and there is a good mix of music on here. I like the faster paced songs, but overall the album is a little slow. Still, worth having a listen.
I find these meditations both relaxing and helpful. Unfortunately, I downloaded the third chakra meditation twice, and both stop in the middle. The other tracks play through just fine. Were it not for this glitch, I'd give it five stars.
Though I've like individual Sovereign Grace Music songs in the past, usually the production style of the recorded version was just not my 'cup-of-tea', however this has changed with "Valley of Vision".  From blazing rockers to lush ballads, Sov. Grace has lost NONE of the doctrinally steeped lyrical depth, yet gained a passion and energy - even a modern-ness - that has eluded them on past records.  I already regularly used "Heavenly Father, Beautiful Son" and "It was Your Grace" in our youth services, and hope to one day introduce "Let Your Kingdom Come" and "All We Need" in our main services.  Very good stuff.  Advised.
I love this album - no regrets buying it.  I skip over a few of the songs when I'm not in the mood for them, but most of them are great.  I love the lyrics - none of that "feel good fluff" that so many Christian artists are selling these days.  This is scriptural truth, and listening to the songs is uplifting, encouraging and convicting.  My personal favorite is "It is not death to die", a song which I think everyone should hear at least once.
I really enjoyed. His voice and songs are really good; strong clear voice. They are mainly the slower, prayer type; some of the old hymns. Very relaxing and enjoyable.
Music is relaxing and peaceful . .. good for meditation
This is a nice meditation for imaging cleaning your chakras. The presentation is a little slick and glitzy for my taste, but it is a price I am willing to pay for an unusual idea.The idea here is to use white light and imagine spinning each chakra. In the process, dark spots and dull areas are flung away and drop down to the Earth where they can be handled and recycled. Nice idea.
Lovely to sit and chill out and listen to.  Helps to calm, relax and worship the Lord. A great CD
There is no consistently better male choral group than the Vocal Majority.  This album is a few years old and pretty conventional in its content and harmonization, but executed flawlessly.  The mp3 download quality suffers a bit but that is to be expected in mp3. There are only 9 songs, fewer than normally expected, but one of them is a rather lengthy medley and another is more than 6 minutes long.  The album itself is getting harder to find, so the download version might get to be the only option soon.
Bought this for my mother to listen to while she was in the hospital. She loved it! will buy more
I came across Alfonso doing a google search for Christian Electronica, and it is quite a challenge finding this niche group of artists. Needless to say Mr. Saadya appeared in the search results and after previewing a couple of tracks, I decided to grab "Last Call." Excellent production quality on par with secular artists, and definitely worth a listen. Christian artists in this genre are too few and far between. Keep doing your work for the Lord Alfonso, and continue being a blessing to his children.
from CD Roots: "Norwegian singer Iveland and her band perform with musicians and singers from Madagascar in an interesting experiement in crossing cultures to create a new art music. Anders Rnningen (guitar, valiha), Rune Arnesen (drums), Sveinung Hovensj (bass) and ivind Christiansen (harmonium). are joined by the Malagasy choirs Anakoro, Feon `ny fifohazana Mahavatse, KTKT and Lova; and musicians Patrice Ratsimbazafy and Jean Batiste Ranaivoarisoa on flute and drums. The CD was recorded in the Cathedral of Tulear."
The Apologetix are an incredibly talented parody group.  They can take songs from a wide range of artists and genres, change the lyrics to a Christian message, and sound virtually the same as the original version except for the lyrics.I have about ten or eleven of their CDs and they never disappoint.  This one is no different.  Whether one likes a given song or not depends a great deal upon whether he/she liked the first way the song was done.  There is usually something for everyone.On this particular album, there are several songs that I really like.  The ones that are my favorites are remakes of the following:  Boston's 'More Than A Feeling', John Cougar Mellencamp's 'Jack and Diane', 'Over My Head (Cable Car)' by The Fray, and 'Best Friend's Girl' by The Cars.This CD is a lot of fun.  I would recommend this one and any of the other albums by Apologetix.  The greatest hits and live albums are probably the best, but there is truly something for every taste on each one of their albums.
Sounds like a new, younger Teddy Pendergras. He is the cousin of the members of Silk, and I think he was the original lead singer, if memory serves.
I'm not sure why so many are upset with Amazon.com because it clearly says it is a "performance track" which for those of you that don't know is an instumental.Plus, all you had to do is listen to the track before purchasing. Amazon.com is not at fault here.
I have always liked this song, it is forever evolving.  I had to buy it to keep it with me always in my phone, thanks amazon
Holy is a dual delight.  You get the best of Matt and Cory!  Thoughtful consideration of where to place each song for a cd that takes you closer and closer to the throne of God.  All the songs are good but I have my personal favorites!  What are yours?
I usually steer clear of most contemporary Christian music but I really did like this album. I've never heard of Philmont until now.What I liked:+ Fun, lively punk music+ Lyrics that you can discern (No need to read them in the liner!)+ Lyrics aren't "fluffy" but have depth to them+ Lyrics don't overload the listener with Christian lingo but are thematic instead. In fact, Jesus' name isn't even directly in the lyrics. Some listeners of contemporary Christian music may have an issue with that, but I didn't.What I didn't like (as much):- The songs "I Can't Stand to Fall" and "The Difference", while meaningful, could sound a tad bit like the opening of a TV show.- Even after reading the lyrics for the song "Photosynthetic", it seems a bit out of place in terms of not having any discernible Christian theme to it. But that's okay.Overall, this is a great EP of 6 songs. I'm interested in Philmont's other albums now.
Who said Christian music had to be boring? Who said glorifying Jesus in song had to sound like a funeral? I'm always pleased to find talented artists ready to merge their favorite genre with the Words of Truth in Jesus. So yeehaa for Philmont. If you like Santus Real, you will like this. Pretty talented group of musicians. Can't wait to hear more from them in the future.
My background:  I grew up as a Christian starting in the 1980s, so that's my frame of reference.  I'm also a musician and currently play in worship band.  My personal preference in Christian music is choruses, like Hillsong, the Hosanna! series, etc... something that people can sing to.  I'm not a fan of the current CCM played as congregational worship music because I think many times it's great music, but too difficult/syncopated for the average person to sing and worship with.Anyway, as 'listening/performance' music, I like this new band Philmont and I think they have a sound that would appeal to those who like a fast rock sound.  They also mix in a couple slow ballad-type songs too like Another Name, which is good variety and shows their versatility.  Balance and tuning is good in the recording, and vocals are good.  This is certainly not what I would consider 'worship music', although I don't think they're targeting that demographic.  But if you need some rocking music as a background for your youth group meetings or parties, I think this CD would fit the bill.
I enjoyed "Oh Snap" by Philmont.  It's a bit on the sugary side, but catchy and solid nonetheless.  There are only 6 songs on this release, so here are the notes that I wrote while listening to each song.Track 1: "I Can't Stand to Fall"Notes: Some riffs remind me of Ten Foot Pole.  Good talent.  Musically tight.  This sounds vaguely familiar.  More pop than punk.  A bit too clean for my tastes but okay in keeping with Christian message.  Probably wouldn't know this is Christian-themed music if you weren't told.Track 2: "The Difference"Notes: Catchy rhythms.  Solid vocals.  Not brilliant but certainly quite competent.Track 3: "Another Name"Notes: Nice vocals.  Boring.  This one's a bit slow.Track 4: "My Hippocratic Oath"Notes: Shades of Millencolin.  Catchy tune.  Upbeat.  I don't like the "woah...oh...ah" stuff towards the end of the song.  Enjoyable overall.Track 5: "Photosynthetic"Notes:  Good drum work on this one.  I'm not crazy about the use of a triangle.  Good vocal control.  Energetic beat.  Song should have ended abruptly before the synthesizers kicked in.Track 6: "The Ascension"Notes: Milquetoast.  More solid vocals but the melody is too wimpy.  Putting me to sleep. Yawn...getting sleepy for sure now.  Was it the carbs in the pizza I just ate or this music?  Perhaps a combination of both, but the song is definitely on the dull side.  This was the only song I skipped prior to the end of the track.Conclusion: Not perfect, but a worthwhile collection.  4 stars.  I'd like to see them sharpen their edge and gruff it up a bit.  Personally, I would prefer harder/faster/louder while maintaining their positive theme.  Still, this was a well played effort by group of seemingly nice and talented young men.
If you like the kind of Christian music that is played on Air 1, you will most likely like this band.  They reminded me of Relient K.  Mostly an alternative rock sound, with a bit of pop and punk thrown in here and there.  My teenagers liked it, also.  That is usually a good sign!
TRACK 1: I Can't Stand to FallTypical upbeat Stellar Kart, American Rejects type of sound. The singer's call is how he hates falling into sin because it builds walls between God and him. The plea is for God to tear down those walls.TRACK 2: The DifferenceI love this song! Rock'n chorus about making sure there is a difference between the old life and the new life of following GodTRACK 3: Another NameA sort of ballad. After reading through the lyrics a couple of times, I believe the song is about the call for conversion. To move from guilt/blame and feeling you could get lost in life forever, but its time to accept a new life...a new identity.TRACK 4: My Hippocratic OathBack to an upbeat song with some of the better themed lyrics on the album. Song is about God's call to save us from ourselves.TRACK 5: PhotosyntheticNot as rock as Hippocratic Oath, but the best double-meaning lyrics on the album. Song is about how our actions proove who we really are, regardless of who we say we are or say we want to beTRACK 6: The AscensionAnother ballad type song. Song is about life ends and only those who have probably responded to the callings of the previous songs on the album will survive after The End.OVERALL:$5 for six songs. . .eh. . .not bad. They don't have to be a Reliant K or Stellar Kart. If I like the song, I'm cool with paying for it.But still as an unknown band they aren't even showing up on Pandora Radio. . .yet.Maybe they'll get a full vs. 1/2 album out that will do better and showcase them more. As one reviewer said, they don't necessarily stand out, but they aren't bad either.Enjoyable album.
Although this is not a CD I will be raving about and playing endlessly in my car it does have some nice tunes to have a listen too!  Punk however is not a word I would assign this group. I found a lot of the tunes good to listen too and had lyrics that I liked. However I think sometimes it could easily become background music that you just tune into every now and again.
My favorite track on this album was definitely the first.  I really enjoyed having good rock to listen to, without it being laced with expletives and objectionable ideas.  It's not overtly Christian, and by using nonspecific lyrics about "breaking down these walls" and "I can't live without you," the listener can interpret which relationship you want to focus on -- romantic relationships, or that between you and God.  The lyrics work both ways.  The music definitely rocks.I took off one star, because it seems to me like none of the other songs work as well as the strong first track.  And it was definitely all over far too quickly.
I do appreciate some good Christian rock.  I would more rank this closer to "decent" than "good."  It starts off great with their first track, "I can't stand to fall," but everything else sounds like all the Christian Rock out there... which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  But, other than the first song in my opinion, there isn't anything groundbreaking about this music.If you like Christian Rock, pick this up.  I don't think you'll regret it.  Just don't expect to be blown away.
I got this CD because my husband was trying to find some good Christian Rock music that didn't have 'cheesy' lyrics.I played it through a couple of times and really liked it.  It sounded a lot like the punk and alternative rock from about 1995-2005.  I enjoyed 3 of the songs on there, but wasn't so much a fan of the one slower song. I'm not such a great technical reviewer of music, I can just tell you that I liked it and if I didn't really pay too close attention I'd never have guessed it was a Christian band.And that is the great thing about it.It sounds just like the music that I like and am accustomed to, but it has a better message if you take the time to listen carefully.  Safe for the kids and all.  And, my husband liked it too when he finally got to have a listen, so everyone was happy.I wouldn't say that this is ground-breaking stuff.  This is more comfort music.  But for me that is just what I was after.  I know what I like, and this is it.
Named after a small town in New York, Philmont is a Christian pop punk/rock act that hales from Charlotte, North Carolina.  EMI/ForeFront Records has released their first debut album "Oh Snap," which is making a difference in the lives of our Christian youths.  With a snap of their fingers, and the determination of a raging rhino, Philmont is having fun tearing down the walls that separate us from Christ.The lead song "I Can't Stand To Fall" is my favorite.  (It appears to be the most popular among fans.)  It implores God to tear down the walls that separate us from Him.  (According to lead singer Scott Taube, it accurately describes the band's mission.)  When those Jericho-type walls that distract us come tumbling down, then Christians are able to concentrate on God.  Consequently, non-Christians will see "The Difference" in how they live.  When we feel discouraged, lose our way, or feel guilty about our past, we are to remember Jesus who will give us "Another Name" - the name of Christian.  "My Hippocratic Oath" compares Jesus to a life-saving physician; He will assuredly heal our souls and bodies.  "Photosynthetic" describes how easily our Christian testimonies can be destroyed by what we photograph and post on the Internet.  "The Ascension" appears to describe the end times in which we live and the urgency for us to live for Jesus.I enjoy listening to Christian music as I drive to and from my stressful occupation.  I`m thankful that "Oh Snap" has been added to my collection.  It provides an enjoyable repast of wholesome, inspiring music that contains subtle Christian lyrics.  I wish Philmont much future success and look forward to hearing more music from them.  "Oh Snap" is highly recommended for those who enjoy Christian pop punk/rock music.  After listening to it several times, it will make a difference in how you live for Jesus.  Perhaps "Oh Snap" will tear down those walls that are preventing you from having a closer relationship with Him.
The albumn OH SNAP by Philmont has some good music, although much of it is very similar.  I would have liked to see a little variety in the tempo. The lyrics and the beat are uplifting and catchy.  All in all, a nice addition to your music collection, but nothing spectacular.
I've been listening to Oh Snap in my car for a while now.the pros:1) Philmont's sound comes across a bit like green day.  I listen to a lot of alt rock, and Philmont is very good.2) Its very crisp, stacatto at times.  This makes them sound very tight and in sync.  They really have it together.  the production is very good (this is from a fellow musician's perspective).3) The lead vocals are good, his voice is great for the music they play.4) The backup vocals are very strong, so much so that on the final track its a duet.5) The lyrics are better than average.  Some thought and care went into them.  The writer actually had something different to say, and thats pretty rare these days.6) Ok, I'm going to say it.  I know they are christian rock, but, they don't really come off that way.  You can be secular and enjoy it.  The messages are cleverly woven and do not stick out.  If you've never bought a christian album (I haven't) then this could be your first and you would be very happy.the cons:1) While there are some hooks and riffs... well, they weren't that impressive.  Fun to listen to, but didn't get stuck in my head.2) The album itself just doesn't stand out as a musical masterpiece.  Not all can, of course.  The songs are good, but and I liked them, which is important.  But I don't feel like I made a great musical discovery.Overall I found philmont to be safe to listen to.  I don't see it becoming a seminal album, that takes me places emotionally or mentally, but its a good listen.  Its good music.  I will keep up with future Philmont releases and see how they improve.
I am a Christian and I love alternative rock music but I don't often listen to Christian rock because I grew up in the 80s and back then, with the exception of a very few bands, it was awful.It has gradually gotten better over the past decade and it's great to see new bands like Philmont who can create excellent music and vocals that can stand alongside the secular greats.This album was very impressive -- it's got several lovely tunes, great vocals and harmonies and some nice piano playing and guitar riffs. The lyrics are thoughtful, too. A few of the tunes are a little frantic and poppy and there's a bit too much synthesizer for my taste, but overall I was very pleased. My 15 year old son likes it even better than I do and he takes the CD to play at his youth group meetings.
Peppy, jumpy and full of power cords, Philmont reminded me of Hawk Nelson and OK GO. The lyrics point to the inability to live the Christian life without Jesus involved in the process. The beat is catchy on most songs and clever lyrics and words pictures would make Oh Snap an ideal opportunity for discussion/inclusion in a devotional in youth group settings. Song titles like Photosynthetic and My Hippocratic Oath make this a unique listen. Ballads, Another Name and The Ascension, prove that the vocalists have talent. Though this one is short, six songs total, it's a worthy offering.
Rising rock act Philmont's rhinoceros emblazoned teaser EP certainly made listeners take notice in the summer of 2008 with the digital release of "Oh Snap". The album comes out with the additional track "The Ascension" on April 21, 2009. They are randomly named after a small town in New York. If you like up-tempo punk rock like The All-American Rejects, Fall Out Boy and Hawk Nelson, you should enjoy Philmont.I've been enjoying the excitable opener "I Can't Stand to Fall" since last year. The lyrical hook of "tear down these walls that separate us now" well represents Philmont's overriding goal to always stay on the same page as God in every facet of life. The focus on spiritual matters is one of my favorite aspects of this solid debut EP. My other favorite song is "The Difference" This song addresses the difference between life as a Christian and life as a non-Christian. Our actions and words should reflect the difference that Christ has made in our lives. I also like the mix of a slower song like "Another Name" with the great guitar intro and lyrical intelligence of "My Hippocratic Oath". The latter song parallels a doctor's promise to always work in the patient's best interest to God's offer of salvation: "I can save your heart even though it's destined to fail ... I guarantee you'll never make it out alive without me."Nice combination of songs and sound. I'm looking forward to a full album release in the future from this promising band. If you like Hawk Nelson, Nevertheless and Everyday Sunday, you'll enjoy Philmont.
I generally stay away from reviewing music--but I was intrigued enough to take a chance on this Christian Rock CD because the product information page drew comparisons to Green Day.  Well, I don't know if I see a direct correlation in styling--I think there are more apt parallels--but Philmont's "Oh Snap" is a accomplished and enjoyable diversion.  I've listened to the track about a dozen times now (it's only six songs) and have really enjoyed it.  While there are Christian themes, the CD is enjoyable in a non-secular way as well.However, as much I have played the CD--nothing really sticks with me.  While I like several songs (My Hippocratic Oath is probably a favorite), I just don't remember "Oh Snap" when it concludes.  It all seems just a tad too familiar--and there is no particular hook that would cause me to rave about or recommend this to friends.  I think there is certainly talent, but nothing that has distinguished Philmont (yet) as having a unique sound or point of view.  So I like "Oh Snap"--I just don't love it!
The music of Philmont is certainly high energy with excellent guitar playing. The vocals did not impress me, but I know that this style of singing appeals to many teenagers I know. I screened the CD with a large group of music oriented teens and they all thought it was very good, especially the guitar playing.
I wish I understood more about this genre of music.  I wouldn't necessarily classify it as "rock" or "pop".  The sound, in my opinion is more like "ska" and that's fine.  The lyrics aren't profound or astounding. The production quality is good, but not outstanding. The sound is fun and upbeat. It's enjoyable.  There's nothing earth-shattering here, but it's fun, uplifting and lighthearted.  If you like the pop/rock/ska sound, it's good. Go for it.  Hey, it's only $5. What's to lose?
The sound is familiar - late 90's early 00's pop punk.  You know the sound, Blink 182 and all of their followers.  Though the sound is familiar, the Faith Centered lyrics are a nice change from much of what is pushed on the radio today.  I admit that song number 4 on the EP is probably my favorite.  The only draw back is the similarity from song to song, they found a sound that they are comfortable with and have dug in their heels and stuck with it.  I hope that when they get a full release that there will be a wider variety of sound on it.  Excellent CD, even your athiest punk friends will listen and love it.
First of all, I really liked the 80s looking CD cover and the title "Oh Snap". Even before I started listening to the CD, I had this expectation that the songs would be a little more playful and fun than usual Christian music. I wasn't mistaken. These guys sound like they enjoy what they are doing and having fun with some punk-inspired music. It's hard to say that it is punk-rock, but I would say it is punk-inspired pop music. The lyrics are mostly uplifting, but not too cheesy. If you are into Christian music and looking for something different within that area, I recommend picking this album up.
The only reason and I do mean ONLY reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because We Lift You Up is not on the album as advertised. However having said that... This is a great CD! Several of the songs can be sung as a solo which is nice for traveling out. My advice - add it to your prayer playlist and give it to your choir director and see if he/she will do some of the songs. Nothing like good anointed Holy Ghost singing!
It starts out with like a battle theme, leads into a couple rally cries, and throws in a few softer, almost ballad-like songs.If you're into heavy-hitting, uproarious songs that make your blood pump, grab "My Enemy", about beating back the devil until he's cowering, then screams "Come on, let's go!!!". Fun song.If you want something softer and more heartfelt, grab "Weight of The World", which is about Jesus being nailed to the cross, bearing the weight of the world.
The music is peaceful as well as lifting your spirits bringing joy and happiness to you, I listen to it every week.
Another great album from Beefy.  A great contribution to your Nerdcore collection.  Standout soungs: "You can Call me Beef" and "Minimum Wage Slave"
My first thought when I heard Jason Catron was "he sounds just like Josh Groban".Although often compared to Groban, Catron's music style has also been compared to Andrea Bocelli, Tony Bennett and Steve Green.Hymns The Collection is a beautiful moving album of classic hymns paired with rich orchestra sounds and soothing vocals. I enjoyed the fresh arrangements that gave the hymns a contemporary sound, yet remained true to their classic messages.This collection includes hymns like "All Creatures of Our God and King," with lyrics dating back to the 1200's, "It Is Well With My Soul", which has a newer arrangement, and "His Eye Is On the Sparrow," the favorite of Jason's mother.Jason also includes "You Raise Me Up", which definitely solidifies his similarities to Josh Groban for the listener.Jason calls this project "a natural progression, a pure worshipful record."A Nashville resident, Jason attended Belmont University and worked in the music industry for over six years, alongside artists like Nicole Nordeman, Natalie Grant, Newsong and Clay Crosse.Music lovers who are looking for majestic orchestra sounds and rich strings will be very satisfied with this album.
I have owned this CD for several years and whenever I play it I'm happy to hear it. The music is so joyous and soothing it feels you up with gladness. I have bought and given this CD as a gift to several friends and family, never once have I received a complaint on content. You too would be happy as an owner of Surrender.
The variety of styles in this album includes individual singers as well as choirs and vocal groups.  This to me is a complete plethora of pleasure and enjoyment.  Plus I am reminded of the hard and good times of our experiences
This Recording relaxes me and enjoy hearing the music, glorifying God! Thank you for the songs! It delights me to know that there was your hearts are in the music and the Songs!  Thank-You for blessing all with your songs...can not wait to see what is coming next!
Love it...Love this music, had not heard them before and now am listening to them daily will purchase more from this site
Great songs loved how you can really relate to the kids of today and situations that they are facing through your powerful use of words and beats...powerful music, encouraging music message that stands above alot of others music that is out here for my kids. I have a daughter that is in high school and she listens to Capone everyday her younger sister that is in middle school has memorized some of the songs. Great music keep it up.
I had a dream 2 weeks back and in the dream I was playing 50cents' bulletproof video game (which I don't play at all video games like that one, I actually don't listen to anything but christian music since I've been saved for 3 years now and stay away from junk like anything of the soft outside of Jesus) but in the dream I saw a 50cent  cd with a red cover sealed on the counter........not his 1st album either but a different cover, I thought it was a new 50cent cd and was wondering in the dream why did I have such a cd anyway? it was strange because at the same time I was playing the game?, makes no sense but I saw a bunch of unsaved family members there and would never show them anything but the new light I walk in around them...and interestingly enough I came across this album online searching for an album cover of a cd (to tag my mp3s for my blackberry music) which I had on ebay which didn't sell and I wondered why ? "redeemed thought" truth beauty goodness album.... anyway I thought this dude looked like 50 and man the cover is red ! like the dream ! I just listen to samples and knew this was hot! I'm a more underground  sound type dude but I feel the holy spirit leading me to buy this and that my family is gonna bump it, please pray it speaks to them as I will pray it speaks to you.time to get outside the normal I search for meaningful , everlasting music - rep christ , Amen.
If you're looking for the original accompaniment to this song  this is not it.  This is the ACOUSTIC version.  However, it's still a great song regardless.
This is the perfect background music without words.  They did an excellent job of capturing the song with instruments only!
I've really enjoyed this instrumental praise album. I use it as background while I'm writing. The music is upbeat - not to slow or mellow - to keep me moving. It includes some fresh takes on familiar songs that is truly worshipful.
Great CD.  I picked this up while in Atlanta looking for authentic Southern rap.  It has good bass and Playboy Tre has decent flow. The lyrics could use a little help at times. Skits are funny. You'll see some southern values too.
I was lucky enough to get turned onto The Theater Fire by a friend of friend.  It seems that they haven't come close to the main stream and that is simply bewildering to me.  Matter and Lights contains such a rare blend of continuity without becoming repetitive, case in point is the song Beatrice making not 1 not 2 but 3 appearances, each individualizing itself into a unique track.  It's really a an incredible album combining such influences from folk, blue grass, country, rock and even some overtones of classic punk.  It's such a unique blend of music that it keeps you coming back again for more.  This album has been in my constant rotation for over a year now.  I just hope The Theater Fire hasn't broken up yet and we can look forward to more in the future.  Do yourself a favor and get this album.
This was an old CD and I looked in several music stores before I was told to look on Amazon.  Delivery was very fast and merchandise was everything I expected.  I plan on buying more CDs in the future.
Nashville, TN's underwritten worship-band The Glorious Unseen come back with the digital EP "Cries for the Broken" following up their previous-year's release "Tonight, the Stars Speak" which gave me an indication that there is a different sound of worship that still invites the listener to the presence of God.  TGU's style of mixing ambient undertones with heartfelt worship music takes a bit of a turn for the EP; an acoustic version of five tracks originally played on "Tonight, the Stars Speak", plus two bonus tracks (one B-side and one cover).The EP begins with classic strumming of acoustic guitar chords on the first track "Wrapped Up In You", then a couple seconds in adds a violin to replace the electronic-synth on the full-length, to give it a raw authenticity.  The melodies are yet again simple, but nonetheless lovely and endearing.  Ben Crist's voice, deep, but not throaty or raspy, clearly blankets the softly-driven instrumental set in the background bringing the coffee shop worship music to a new level of elegant simplicity.  Janell Belcher (The Ember Days) is featured on all five of the acoustic songs adding a whole new element combining her high-pitched soprano with Crist's unique form of low-baritone, almost to the level of bass pitched.The B-Side "Your Promises Still Remain" is a track that should've ultimately been on "Tonight, the Stars Speak", but maybe didn't mesh well with the ten tracks released.  It's a great song that uses more of a traditional worship song, using a catchy melody, but still adding TGU's infallible mix of ambient undertones in between.  The last track is a cover of Third Day's "God of Wonders".  TGU is no stranger to covering worship songs; on "Tonight...", they covered David Crowder Band's "All This For a King".  Nothing new here, but still a lovely track to add to the mix.Overall, this is a great EP.  It shows a more dynamic side to TGU; maybe showing what they would sound like if they played a set at a local caf&eacute;; using a raw authentic acoustic style to match their already masterful ambient-electronics.
Listened to it all day and could continue forever.  These oldies are so special to me some from my grandparents days.  Makes you want to shout AMEN.
Inspiring in music notes  good for those who love country ,will recommend for the young at heart and those who 's tired of profanity in music
Very good songs. I just wish that they werfe by the original artists. The singers are good on here but it is not quiet the same. I still liked it very much.
Country music gospel is the type that has a way of reflecting the past of most of America.simple in rhythm and easy toKeep time to .mostly a matter of heritage.
Both songs start with piany and simple lyrics then changes to instrumental piano music within a couple of minutes.  This is not quite what I was looking for, but I ended up liking it quite a bit.
Listening to rain is relaxing for me,the only problem I have with this CD is that it is not long enough.
This cd was purchased to help ease my dog's stress on a road trip.  It worked well and I use it at home as well.
I love lying in bed and listening to the sound of rain and with this CD I am now able to experience that as often as I wish.  I've been listening to it every night and it helps calm down my busy mind and lull me off to sleep.  It is also very focussing - basically white noise - so would be good for those wanting to use it for meditation etc.  I do however agree with the reviewer who said there is something resembling a dripping tap noise in there.  Although this is only mildly annoying, it's the reason I give the CD four stars instead of five.  Overall though it was money well spent and I thoroughly recommend it.
It sounds great! The pitter patter of rain drops lulled me right to sleep the first night and continues to do so.
Relaxing sound when you are stressed up and need to unwind. The pulse goes clearly down and it is possible to fall asleep to it as well. If you are suffering from insomnia and use this CD to fall asleep, I think it may take some learning time to achieve that on a regular basis. So far I haven't achieved that &#34;guaranteed sleep&#34; by listening to it.
I like this CD very much.  The sound of the rain is very relaxing and it helps me to fall asleep.
I listen to the Rain for Sleeping every night. I really helps me to relax after a long day. I love the sound of rain..
sounds just like the rain. That's all--rain. Calming background for my therapy sessions. Thunder, etc, might startle my patients, but this helps helps get them relaxed
I would have to say that i like this CD but I'm not in love with it.  It could have been better.
The item itself is satisfactory.  Very soothing sounds.  Would purchase again.  However, case was cracked when delivered.  I switched another cd cover.
My partner wanted something with rain, but no thunder, so I thought this would be perfect.  It is soothing, but for me is a bit one note.  Could use a little wind or more variation in rainfall intensity, but seems to do the trick.
These are played at home. Very comforting, relaxing and centering. Would recommend for those who have jobs that take them away from the good sounds of life.
Not as strong thunder/rain as I had hoped for. Mostly just waves with hints of wind. Still quite relaxing however.
This album features what the title says - the sound of thunderstorms by the sea. You hear everything you're supposed to - the ocean waves, rain, and some thunder.
This is a nice CD, but one gets the impression that the sounds of the ocean and the thunderstorm were superimposed on each other from separate events.  None the less, and interesting CD and is sufficiently soothing to help with sleep
These songs are more for the parents of special needs kids. They remind us that even though it's hard sometimes, we can look for and find the good, that our little caterpillars someday when they return to God will become beautiful butterflies! While these were originally written with her deaf daughter Leah in mind, these songs speak to our family since we have a child with Asperger syndrome and my sister has a daughter with full-blown autism. And while these are a great collection for any parent, of course the kids familiar with Signing Time season one shows will also love it because it's familiar, pretty music. I bought this as a gift to my sister who has the autistic girl, and she was moved by the songs' messages.
K-Drama is coming into the mainstream rap game quite nicely his style is unorthodox straying away from the norm, like said in his song "Tear the walls down", "Im so good that my music doesn't have to sound hood, good cause that aint me im eclectic I read life upside down and backwards like im dyslectic".  He make this album worth listening to  with awesome beats that hit the stereo with a bang and good lyrics. His song Were still standing is the best to me love the way he shows that we go through so many things but if we keep fighting and trust in the lord we will make it Love that album buy it if you like Kingdom music and K-drama.
I've been a fan of the Gatlin Brothers for about 20 years and I love gospel music.  That's why I ordered this music.  I have iton my Fire, so I can carry it with me wherever I go and enjoy the music.  It's really great.
I like it. I had the cassette years ago. I wish they still made these. They really help you remember the scriptures.
Good songs and great verses that can be easily memorized.  It is a great way to remind myself to be thankful.
The music was very well done.  Nice, catchy tunes make it easy to memorize Scripture.  Would have preferred sticking to one version, but maybe the differing versions were easier to write music too?
Much music today follows a formula and is so predictable. This album is not so. I really enjoy the fresh sounds and variety. I am not particulary fond of screaming distortion but can't stand elevator music either. The balance between hard and soft on several of the tracks on this album provides enough surprises that it keeps my interest. Even though I have the MP3 files I will definitely purchase the hard copy for my CD library when it becomes available.
I was pleasantly surprised when I saw Vota in concert (opening up for Newsboys).  They took KJ-52's place and I am glad they did.  They have a fun, bouncy, upbeat sound.  I would describe their sound as a mix of The Fray and Phil Wickham (which not a bad comparison at all)!  Vota was formerly known as Casting Pearls, but I am assuming they changed their name after the success of Casting Crowns...but in my opinion, I'll choose their style over Casting Crowns any day.  My favorite song on this CD is actually the slower, more reflective song "Honestly."  I think this is a pretty solid debut, so I am looking forward for more things to come for Vota.
VOTA, formerly recognized as Casting Pearls, has reinvented themselves with a new name, new sound and new record label INO Records. The self-titled album released digitally in late fall 2008 and released retail February 10, 2009. This one time trio of front man/guitarist/songwriter Bryan Olesen, also formerly a guitarist with Newsboys before forming Casting Pearls, along with bassist Case Maranville and drummer Scott Rutz expanded to four members now including guitarist/keyboardist Riley Friesen.While Casting Pearls had more of an edgy rock sound, VOTA has more of a dance-flavored alternative rock sound, similar to Newsboys with hook-filled melodies and catchy lyrics. My favorite songs on the album are the main songs you'll hear when you see the band in concert, which I've had the privilege to do twice. They were on the Sanctus Real tour last year and most recently the Newsboys tour. "Hard To Believe" is the super-catchy opening song and a great way to jump start this solid album. Here are Bryan Olesen's comments about the song: "The more I dwell on what I really have in Christ, the more bold and excited I become about life. He loves you and I in a way that's not shown anywhere else."The next songs "Be Mine" and "Love's Taken Over" are also great examples of the uptempo dance rock style of the album with great messages about what it means to have God's love take over your life. "Honestly" is one of those great personal ballads that I keep coming back to on this album. Bryan's sincere vocals and personal testimony of the power of grace and mercy is very memorable and another great song to hear live. "Not Finished" and "I'll Go" are great rockers and have great energy. My other favorite song on the album is "Free To Fail" with the message of submitting our lives to God and having security in knowing He's given us life and the freedom to fail and get back up and live for Him.
After years as Casting Pearls, explaining that they were named so before infinitesimally more popular Casting Crowns, they  added a new member, changed their sound and finally their name to Vota.  Their should be no more confusion.Bryan Olesen's vibrato is still strong in the lead single, "Hard To Believe", singing his thankfulness through this anthem.  It was a good choice as a single in the Christian market, but there is an abundance of great pop-rock on this album to choose from."Be Mine" shows the band knows pop well, even though it is purposefully quieter than the lead track.  "Honestly" is another soft number, and addresses the topic of humanity and reality in the Christian life.  It seems when they have a deeper message, they convey it well.But the majority of the album aims for arena-sized rock, with mixed results:  "Love's Taken Over" is the strongest rock song on the album, "Not Finished" and "Give It To Me" aim just as high, and despite Bryan singing his heart out on "I'll Go", it sounds like just another "Hands and Feet".They find depth towards the back of the album with "Free To Fail", singing the darker sides of salvation and humanity.  Instead of awe and wonder, its the seemingly relentless struggles of life.  From the repetitious lead line to the repetitious cries of "we are free to fail now", the song elevates this album above mere pop, but an honest look at Christian life in the 21st century.Other songs skip around genres: "Save Ourselves" is them singing Coldplay, period.  And despite the great violin work in "Bye, Bye", it's a blatant Maroon 5 imitation.  Thankfully, they close the album with the beautiful and fitting "In My Heart".  A few obvious rhymes, but the melody, the mournful strings and the landscapes accomplish what they set out to do: show their abilities and heart for creating great music and art.The Christian band's job these days is to take a Christian theme or principle and make it rock.  Often, this compromises good songs and songwriting philosophies.  Vota is guilty of this on a couple of songs, but nearly every track shows the band has evolved perfectly from their Casting Pearls days and have made a great pop album.
THERE ARE PARTS OF THIS CD THAT JUST SOUND LIKE STATIC UNLESS THE VOLUME IS TURNED UP PRETTY HIGH.  OTHER PARTS SEEM FINE, AND VERY OBVIOUSLY REAL RAIN SOUND!
This CD is good for relaxation. My pulse goes down when I am stressed or anxious. But it is harder to fall asleep to the sound of the rain and the distant thunder.
The CD was delivered right on the deadline, and downloading the MP3 version from Amazon CloudPlayer was easy. As to the recording, it lived up to my expectations of relaxation and sound masking. I only have one objection that accounts for the lack of a fifth star. Bearing in mind that I&#8217;m no expert in the matter, an 18-minute clip seems to have been looped 4 times. While it is true that the loop is long enough to be indistinguishable, and that other nature recordings I&#8217;ve found on the Internet feature much shorter ones that become tiresome once your ear trains itself to the repetition, I would have preferred a longer sample because perhaps it could have provided even more variation (an uninterrupted recording of a prolonged storm, for instance). Also, the sound suggests rainfall on a hard, flat surface (like a driveway or walkway). Maybe Mr. Baker will delight us in the future with a recording made in the wild, because the characteristic sound of rainfall on soft ground and plants might be even more soothing, especially if broad-leaf undergrowth is present. At any rate, thank you for the peace of mind, Mr. Baker!
very soothing cdI go to sleep every night with the sounds of rain, thunderstorms and some wind  thank you
Very soothing and enjoyable.  When reading, it sounds like I am outside listening to the rain fall down.  Excellent CD.
Terrell King is an artist that you need to listen to he's very vocal and knows how to spread the word of the King almighty good stuff
love the songs I listen to it on the Acebeat Christian Radio/356 live site it ministers to me thank you Ken
"He Is Here" is a great praise & worship album from Panamanian gospel vocalist and songwriter Rosalina Vega.  Vega delivers with an inspiring and heartfelt vocal performance and a great range that breeches the operatic, similar to the vocals of Dionne Warwick.  On the majority of the tracks, Vega's vocal is solely accompanied by traditional, though skillful, piano arrangements crafted by pianist Michael Andrews.  These simple arrangements bring the message of her words to the forefront which is, simply, praising God through song.  "He Is Here" has four Vega originals and six traditional hymns and worship songs, and she sings each song beautifully, with immense inspiration and an open heart.  The album is well recorded and creates a nice balance between the vocals, piano, and gospel message.  "I Give My Heart" is a Vega original with nice piano work and inspiring, heartfelt lyrics about giving it all to Jesus.  "Forever More" is a spiritual track with a soothing arrangement and hopeful lyrics about the afterlife.  Her variations on traditional songs, including her operatic, multilingual rendition of "O Glorious Love" and her beautiful rendition of the standard hymn, "I Surrender All," are also noteworthy.  "He Is Here" is a great album with an inspiring message, and should be looked into by anyone who enjoys praise & worship music and great female vocalists. [...]
Emmanuel by Laura Story is, I think, meant to be a worshipful song, and in a matter I totally believe it is. But on the other hand after repeating the name "Emmanuel" countless times it gets a little repetitive. However, before I heard this MP3 I didn't really like Laura Story's voice, but I like her voice on the song "Emmanuel" better than an other one I've heard.Great song!
Bought this as a gift, for someone who is going through a test right now. They love it! They listen to it on a daily basis. Is is exactly what I was looking for and what they needed at the right time.
Excellent music for meditation or just to spend a good time. You can play it repeatedly and you won't be tired of listening to this amazing album!
There's not much information to be found on The Flying Colors series of children's CD's, even seeing as there's no bio on emusic, but i will enlighten with what information i have found. The "Flying Colors" group is/was produced by "King of the Yard Productions, Inc", an independent music outfit started in Portland, Ore in 2004, headed by a Chris Morrisette. The music of the Flying Colors Cd's definitely has a West Coast, hippyish feel, and i thought at first produced by Calvary Chapel or the like.I was skeptical at first, because while i do enjoy some light praise music here and there (as this is), i am not drawn to Contemporary Christian Music because most is phony, decisively non Christian and above all IRREVERENT.While Flying Colors does make use of techniques seen in satanic & chant music, such as audible 'hypnotic' and 'echoic' techniques such as the kids voice singing slightly after the adults (such as in Children Sing on the "Jesus Loves Me" CD) and the pairing of a very high/low range voice at the same time (the exact name of the term escapes me at the moment), i took a closer look (and listen) and the message and presentation of many of these songs is surprisingly reverent!As i said, these songs are very West Coast and resemble the very roots of CCM as it was introduced, especially in Cali, in the late 60's/early 70's by hippies. (Think "I've Been Redeemed") Early CCM tended to be more reverent and factual than later CCM. Lemme tell ya, it is VERY hard to find Christian music that is free of heresies, even many "gospel" songs have nothing to do with the gospel, replacing it instead with humanistic themes and inaccuracies.These songs are light enough to dance to, and weighty enough to worship God-for young and old alike! I love the bluesy feel of most of these songs, and the variety-many i have probably heard years ago at some long forgotten Sunday or Bible School meeting, or maybe not at all!! They are super cute as well as the drawing on the front!! My fave is "Sacred Fountain" which is actually an old Fanny Crosby song. These songs actually have a theme of HUMILITY, lacking desperately in the CCM of today!While i will shy away from songs such as "Holiness", which convey a Charismatic/works salvation theme, i will not split hairs over the echoic techniques this time because the messages are so wonderful and true and give the praise to Jesus Christ!!!The reason i am raving on and on about these collections is because it is so very rare to see such a reverent and humble presentation of Christian songs from the pagan world.May God bless the efforts of all these seekers that contributed to these albums!!
Album has some nice electronica.  The tracks vary, with some really good (Windswept) and some ok.  I like the style of music, but it can be a little repetitive.  I find the vocals a little odd occasionally, but the lyrics can be quite good.  This isn't my normal style of music, but I enjoyed listening to it.
Ezra's sweet jazzy sound makes me want to sit and listen to him all day.  The only reason for four stars instead of five is that a couple of songs seem out of place on this album.  I will keep looking for more!!
Embraced,Holly Starr's debut album, is a collection of surprisingly deep emotional ballads (Cold, I Love You Anyway) and anthemic hand-raising choruses (Majestic), and, everyone's favorite, those floor-busting jumpers (Glorious). It's a well-produced, well-rounded collection of pop Christian music that well conveys the artists heart for her listeners. Holly is first an evangelist and second a musician, her very first priority is sending a message of love to her audience and this is apparent in her music (Knocking).Though it caters primarily to a younger pop-loving crowd, there is plenty here for the grown-ups. The music of Embraced is energetic and its lyrics are anything but shallow.As a side note, if you get a chance to see Holly Starr live, even if you don't love the album, take it! Holly is one of those rare pop musicians out there who is twice as good live. All in all if you don't love Holly's music you will fall in love with her endless energy, her obvious joy, and her pure and selfless heart.
The only bad thing about this album is that there was not a follow up. At least not that I know off.
Richie has written an amazing heartfelt song about loss and redemption, suffering and healing, addiciton and recovery.I do not care what fellowship you are in, or if you just a fan of good stories and good music, this song is for you.Thank you, Richie, for blessing so many others with your gift.This song is for everyone.Peace to you,Bob Perry
Great song that will get stuck in your head. I really enjoy the bridge when she is singing the names of the Lord. Your can get this on their website for free, but why not choose to support their ministry?
It is very important for Christians to learn the Psalms which provide so much guidance for life.  If you learn to sing them, you will know them.  My kids get to know the Bible in many parts because of Jamie's music.Particularly like the first track.
The best CD I've gotten in a time.I listen to a lot of music and this is very, very, very, very, very good. If you like Flame, Lecrae and Trip lee you will want this.I hope to hear more music From these dudes.Thanking you
I really didn.t think that this album would keep me very interested, but I find my self playing it more and more each day.
mr redding does sound like dio , however bill menchen sounds like ozzie . you wont find to many singers that dont sound like someone else. that said, its about the message . that why we chose air supply or zebra, avalon or whitecross. we make our choice by listening
I love how this music calms my mind and senses, and actually puts me on relax mode.  =)  I even use it during reading session.
This is a simple program for inducing relaxation and reordering brain habits.  I've found it powerful, but not immediately -- it needs some time and repetition.It's worth the small price to buy this and try it.  The real investment is the time to use it.  It seems to require regular practice to keep up.
This cd basically guides the listener through coherent breathing with a brief description and then three different tracks that essentially time the breath cycles for the individual making coherent breathing much more enjoyable and natural. It's a very simple four track cd but not bad for the price and I believe the creator intended it to be purchased along with his book, thus the limited info on the cd. As suggested in an alternative health book, coherent breathing brings me much more peace when I practice it along with the ujjayi breathing technique.
I was browsing music for some old songs. I really like bluegrass and was looking up some old bluegrass songs I used to like.  I had heard of Carol Davis and one of my searches turned this album up.  I listened to some samples and decided to buy the album.  I do not regret the purchase.  While the lyrics don't apply to the times today or even in some recent pasts, I like to think about how times were in earlier days.  My parents were brought up during the time these songs are more relative to and from their stories/pictures, it just makes listening to the album enjoyable for me.
Though not exactly &#34;professional&#34; , the music is good and is uplifting.  The songs are comforting.  I need to do a little research on the people who made the album.
Many different sounds and vibes. They feel no pressure from big labels to conform. If you're looking for Pop love songs etc this isn't for you. If you like out of the box thinking artists I'd check them out.
Young and highly talented solo female artist Aisha releases her self-titled debut EP featuring soft acoustic pop music with artistic compositions. This gifted musician/songwriter showcases her vocal talents with sweet and delicate flair. Her articulation is polished and mature with lyrics that are pure and genuine. "Part of Me" exhibits great vocal range and the great control she has of her voice. "Shine" as an acoustic version is dreamy and gentle with strings and piano gracefully introducing the song. The radio mix of "Shine" showcases a bright and crisp piano and builds to a full band arrangement with an upbeat tempo. The CD features crystal clear production, as each instrument is well mixed with clean clarity that captures the essence of this style of music. "Aisha" features a wonderful collection of songs while introducing a gifted artist and is a CD well worth hearing.[...]
Love the piano work in the Intro. for "For God So Loved the World"... Great vocals too. Love that song...
I really enjoyed the project &#34;Live&#34;. The Rev. James Moore is one of my favorite singers. He had a voice that could really go high or low. It was an anointed voice. Secondly the reason for the purchase was the song Shine On Me. This song was used to set the spirit for my Sunday School class lesson. No one can deliver like the Rev. James Moore.
I like Lydia Ruffin's voice (I assume that's who is singing).  The arangements are different enough to take this out of the realm of the traditional (often syrupy) holiday music, and move it to something quite entertaining and up-beat.I would like to hear more of Dan's music and certainly more of Ms Ruffin.  (Amazon please put on some samples of Dan's other CD).
This greatest hits did not disappoint and was different enough from the 2003 Greatest Hits to satisfy me.
Over the past thirteen years Avalon has become a mainstay in CCM. Their blend of pop, dance, and R&B; inflected songs that invariably bring the honor to God are both infective and musically solid. Newcomers to the group can't go in wrong in starting with The Greatest Hits, a generous sampling of sixteen of their most well known offerings.Hard-core Avalon fans already in possession of the groups previous hit-filled compendium -Testify to Love: The Very Best of Avalon will find a large amount of overlap between the two discs. As a newcomer to the group myself, each song is fresh and previously unheard, but loner time fans will find only five tracks difference from the previous collection. In fact, the tracks that were recorded specifically for The Very Best of Avalon such as "New Day," and "Everything to Me" have been taken from that disc directly into this one.Still, dedicated fans may be able to justify the purchase. A new song, "Still My God," proves to be a real tearjerker, highlighting God's unchanging nature through our trials and challenges. The last four tracks on the disc: "All," "You Were There," "Orphans of God," and "In Christ Alone" have been swapped in from previous albums."Orphans of God" is a particularly moving inclusion from Stand - a symphonic, tender song of reassurance that celebrates God's unending grace. "All" is a somewhat more two-dimensional tune, exhibiting a bounty, R&B; influence. "You Were There" is an introspective, mellow song with a surprisingly forceful chorus."In Christ Alone" draws from the vein that is ever popular amongst CCM artists - covering traditional hymns with their own distinctive arrangements. A beautiful rendition, Avalon's take on the hymn features heart-plucking harmonies, big, bold vocalizations, and poignant guitar accompaniment in the simpler sections that bursts into an array of strong percussion back up during the chorus.The classics that were previously included in the last greatest hits collection are clearly appearing again for a reason. "Testify to Love" is an addictive headliner that pops into my head throughout the day and demands to be sung. "Knockin' On Heavens Door" proves itself as a perennial favourite on account of it's chorus that depicts the insistent, never-ending prayers of a believer confident in her position as a child of God.Personally, I could have passed on "Give It Up" from the oldies but goodies section of the disc - somewhere between the heavy reliance on synthesizers and the embellishing "na na na's" I tune out. Likewise the dance-style rhythms of "Wonder Why" generally leave me cold. "New Day" rounds out the trio of tunes that I wouldn't have missed if they'd been left out of the compilation.There are some true Avalon classics included that make the album. "Take You At Your Word" is an insanely catchy, upbeat song that catches me every time and finds me belting out the chorus at full volume. "Can't Live a Day" makes me cry more often than not as I'm reminded of my complete dependence on Jesus, "The Glory" is a story song that recalls Jesus' life and sacrifice, and "Adonai" is a slow song with understated accompaniment that nonetheless a heart-rending cry to the creator.I'll admit that at first listen, the music struck me as somewhat fluffy, but after repeated listening many of these songs have become woven into my life. I've come to appreciate their theologically sound, yet still entertaining perspective (not always present in CCM), the variety of represented moods, and the clear vocal abilities of the group's performers.Avalon: The Greatest Hits is indeed a highly pleasing album that provides not only an enjoyable listening experience, but one that leads its audience into an interactive state of worship. I'd be hard pressed to number the times the songs I initially viewed as simple have led me to tears of repentance and rejoicing. This resulting emotional response and turning towards God in a listener should be the highest praise an album can receive.
"Come, Let Us Adore" by Jonny Diaz is a simple, unpretentious little album with big music. Diaz accompanies himself on acoustic guitar on all these songs with some background instrumentation.  It makes for a quiet, thoughtful "offering" in the best sense of the word.1.  White Christmas - clear vocals, acoustic guitars, horns, a bit of a Latin flavor.  Very nice.2.  O Come All Ye Faithful - beginning is fairly traditional rendition with background orchestration a little overpowering at times.  I liked the mid break sequence that showed more of a praise music flavor, with the song ending with a  more upbeat energy.3.  Go Tell It on The Mountain - country western with some bluegrass thrown in; banjo in the background.  I really liked this rendition of an old song.  Good match for Diaz' clean, crisp voice.4.  What Child Is This - one of my favorite Christmas songs and Diaz does it justice.  I don't feel his voice is the very best on this song but it is definitely good; the flamenco style guitar work goes well with the song and most important of all, Diaz' sincerity in offering praise to God comes shining through. 5.  Asleep in the Hay - this song is definitely the highlight of the album.  Original song by Diaz.  Deceptively simple arrangement that showcases the lyrics to the song and Diaz' voice.I understand that Mandisa and Jonny Diaz are doing a Christmas tour this 2010 season.  That would be a great concert to hear and see.
Judging from her song "Adore", this is for any one who appreciates a good singer and good music, Jaci has an excellent voice. You may, like myself, listen to nearly all types of music. If any of her other songs are equal to "Adore" I recommend anything she sings.However.... keep in mind that this is also available on the mp3 download album "Greatest Hits". Don't dowload it twice like I did.
It has a good mixture of tempos and instruments. If you like Gospel Bluegrass, I think you will like this album.
I can live with just having the studio albums, but many people think the guitar solos you get live are added value to a good sounding live album.By the way, if you buy the mp3s individually it is about $21 dollars - not $12.
I was able to see D & K on this tour when I was in high school, and it was a great show.  I'm sure it sounds a little dated today, especially the synths, but this is a good quality recording of the band just as they were ending their prog rock beginning and heading into synth-pop.  'Emmanuel' is more of a scorcher live, and kicks off a couple of tracks that had not been on any of their albums and are particularly strong - Oklahoma Blues and Preacher I'll Need A Friend.  The closer is an acoustic version of I Have Decided that is also very strong.  A fantastic album if you were there, and a great album if you like the band's earlier work.
I'm not a big fan of downloading from the internet. I took a chance, and I must say,..this song sounds really good, Its nice, clear and crisp. I'm impressed!
Es muy buena producci&oacute;n musical especialmente para personas o iglesias biling&uuml;es Espa&ntilde;ol-Ingles o cualquiera que quiera aprender a cantar en los dos idiomas, ya que tambi&eacute;n est&aacute; disponible la versi&oacute;n en Ingles del album.
Que puede haber m&aacute;s agradable a Dios que la sinceridad y expontaniedad?Francamente no lo s&eacute;, pero en lo que he leido acerca de &Eacute;l, creo que este grupo nos lleva con este &aacute;lbum a un acercamiento festivo, sincero y muy personal a nuestro creador.
(4.5stars)For me, one of the most fascinating things about my general music listening experience these days is the fact that despite how much Reggae music I listen to, I still find moments when I am surprised, in a good way, by the quality of certain artists and certain vibes. I get new things in from new artists virtually every other day at this point and, likewise, it is virtually every other day when I find myself surprised, no matter to how large or small of a degree, there are TRULY some unknown, yet DIVINE practitioners of the greatest music in the world. As of lately, I've been wrapping my very impressed and surprised ears around the debut album from Teflon, Motherless Child, which is definitely a surprise and impressive although not in the `usual' sense (that is if usual exists in the context of a surprise). Teflon is a WELL TALENTED artist, however he impresses on his debut album while being held at half of his powers as only the roots side of the young Dancehall/Roots Reggae hybrid is showcased, but he pulls it off like an artist of twice his years. Also, joining Teflon is a new release from veteran crazy voiced singer Michael Fabulous, Never Give Up. Although not reaching up to those standards set by Teflon, I was just SHOCKED that I could listen through full on nineteen tracks worth of that voice and not tire of it (of course this is helped by the fact that Fabulous enlists the likes of Louie Culture, Queen Ifrica and even Capleton to join him through the balance of the album. I would also add Pixs (get well soon) and DAPP Band's album Shift The Energy, which is still catching my attention after around a month or so. There are also surprising holdovers from 2008 which I still find myself going back to last year in the form of King Cephas, whose debut album, Coming Of The King, ranked amongst the album's strongest releases altogether in  the year to my opinion and I'm DEFINITELY holding on to see what the King offers in the future. Even more significant to my tastes in 2008 was Back To Africa, the sophomore effort from Cruzan based Dominican singer Harry Mo. That album was LARGE and I still spin it at least once a week. Back To Africa was the very definition of IMPRESSIVE in 2008 for me as an album which, although I was already pretty sure I'd enjoy it, I didn't think it would rank as highly as it ended up doing! I don't think anyone did. So, my question would be for this year is: Who is going to be 2009's Harry Mo and King Cephas???Well, given that I have FAR more experience with the most likely candidates so far, the aforementioned Teflon and Michael Fabulous, as well as recent entrants such as Daweh Congo and especially the legendary Linval Thompson (BIG BIG album, Ghetto Living). I would, instead, look to an artist almost COMPLETELY out of the box, someone who just snuck up on me and dropped a downright BRILLIANT project. Enter King Hopeton. Having seen the cover for this album so many times and ignoring it at each and every passing, I finally decided to stop by and have a much closer look. WOW! I discovered that King Hopeton and I not only shared a common interest in Reggae music (DUH), but I had in fact come across the artist not too long ago in one of the most POWERFUL set of circumstances AND we also had a bit of origin in common as well. Thus, IMMEDIATELY throw the name King Hopeton as the latest breakout from the greatest place on the planet, St. Ann, Jamaica (BIGGUP ALL ST. ANN MASSIVE!), just like yours truly. King Hopeton had also produced the lion's share of one of the STRONGEST and most POWERFUL album releases of the past ten years or so, Little Hero's (another big artist from out of St. Ann) MASSIVE Revelation, which has been, oddly enough (odd because I wouldn't have thought, definitely not odd because of its quality), RULING the Reggae charts in the western part of the world (which means King Hopeton suddenly has a bit deeper pockets doesn't he!). Hopeton is an accomplished musician as well, having earned his name originally as a musician (playing almost anything you could need) and subsequently, NOW, an artist. After pushing Revelation out of the door, King Hopeton and his label, DoubleLion, apparently turned their focus to his own (at least to my knowledge) debut album release, the LARGE shot, King Of Kings. For all of the modern roots heads out there and probably most of the old ones as well, trust me when I  tell you that AS SOON as you drop this one into your players and press play, you'll know, just as I did, IMMEDIATELY, that you're dealing with a real winner of a piece. King Of Kings is an album which is just all around SO well done and, although I'm quite sure it won't receive the levels of attention which you know it deserves (but, who knows, I did say the same thing about Revelation, I'm sure), I'd love to see this album get the opportunity to do a bit of damage on its own and should it receive such an opportunity, I'm sure it will do just that. Having opened the door for himself with his outstanding work on Revelation (that's just lately, his own other catalogue as a producer aligns him with some of the most powerful voices in all of Jamaican Reggae besides Hero), King Of Kings literally SHOVES him through the opening now as King Hopeton makes a case for himself to be taken seriously outside of just his work on instrument and behind the production boards. As with any 'new' (or not so new in this case) artist, I often look for somewhat similar tangents  through which to compare their style. In King Hopeton's case, it's a bit difficult, overall, however, I would say that he does have just a TOUCH of the odd voiced Nasio Fontaine (biggup St. Maarten) in his style and even more so, King Hopeton has a more of `soulful' type of quality as well, although he does retain more of that `earthy' quality, most often associated with Reggae music. As a writer, I'd liken him more to a straight forward version of Luciano. What a powerful combination that is, which works absolute WONDERS on King Of Kings.The familiarities continue. Besides being from where I'm from, producing one of my favourite albums from one of my favourite artists, not only did I figure out that King Hopeton and Double Lion (who gives us King Of Kings) have also worked with Jah Smood (another wicked artist that I have been quite high on for awhile) on his WICKED tune Freedom Streets AND, I had actually heard a few tunes from this album which I didn't necessarily associate with King Hopeton. Getting things started on King Hopeton's debut album King Of Kings is a tune which, although I haven't heard before, DEFINITELY sounds VERY familiar to my ears, the SUBLIME Can You See The Light. I don't know the name of the riddim, but this tune flows over the very same one you'll know from Hero's MAMMOTH tune Praise God. That same acoustic guitar driven vibe is on board for this wonderful tune which is so very inspirational and although I'll definitely remained favouring the tune Praise God between the two, King Hopeton's go at his own riddim is awesome as well. Big beginning with one of the album's finest. Another familiar sounding tune (although I don't know why in  this case) chimes in next with the very `strong' Got To Be Strong. This tune has a classic vibes which I know I know from somewhere (but am entirely too lazy to look up) and it works excellently on this tune. I still would rank the opener higher, but not by too much in terms of being inspiring (a theme which KoK is literally SOAKING in). Big tune. That changes, however, with the next tune as the MAMMOTH tune Crying Out For Peace rolls in with a show stopping type of strength, ascending to the heights of the album. Lyrically speaking, this may just be the best tune on the album (and its not too far from that distinction overall either). Altogether, a truly wonderful opening.In terms of prevailing vibes on King Of Kings, what I hear is pretty much a straight forward Reggae sound, with a SLIGHT bit of R&B; dashed in here and there. To my ears however (DUH!) what I really favour here is when King Hopeton goes REALLY spiritual, which is, to my opinion, his strongest point. The strongest point of his album, however, is the simply MIGHTY Jah Jah Is The Creator which is a downright DAZZLING display of roots and everything nice! The tune has a very social commentary feel to it but its not that, it's a humbled, somewhat `shredded' (I'm trying to say not flashy) tune which just struck me on so many levels without really having to try too hard to do so. This one here alone is worth the price of admissions, but wait, there's more. BRILLIANT tune. The title track here is also very nice and one it's album's best offerings. I've actually heard this one before and I liked it back then. With a very recognizable sound, KoK the song just shows off! This song is addictive from the first drop and, again, is marked by a very simple sound and just generally nice musicianship, in support of His Majesty. As if should be. Free Yourself is another tune I had heard before (on Mackie Conscious' Trod riddim from a few years back) and I love that nyah drum backing (of course), but for his part, King Hopeton once again delivers wonderfully, advising all to, in times of good and bad, look to His Imperial Majesty for guidance. The repatriation anthem To Africa We Go has a nice old school vibes to it, which, at times, sounds very Marley-ish (and Nasio-ish for that matter). This one actually took a few spins to begin to grow on me, but these days I don't get through it without singing along wishing I could go home too King Hopeton! Big tune. As a very welcomed changeup, Hopeton steps up the aggression on the tune Don't You Care which is a rather stinging slap in the face to those living wicked and corrupt and benefiting from who have OBVIOUSLY neglected and forgotten about the poorer class of people. If you're living NASTY then you should skip (the entire album) right pass this one if you want to remain such, for everyone else, you'll rank it as one of the biggest tunes on the album. I'll also mention the tune Best Friend briefly as it also has somewhat of a funky ska sounding riddim backing it and I didn't really rate it too high when I first heard it, but it also has began growing on me and is solid whichever way you take it. To my ears, My Destiny (which I THINK I've also heard before) has an R&B; type of sound surrounding that one-drop and it is absolutely GORGEOUS! This one is basically just steered by a heavy piano sound (which the very versatile Hopeton probably laid down himself) backing the very nice vocals of King Hopeton. It is a spiritual tune at its core, but I do like the mix of the sounds and the vibes which go to produce the `life' of the tune altogether. Hard Times is a Hip-Hop vibed tune (which has a riddim which I'm SURE I've heard Anthony B go on, FRUSTRATINGLY I can't recall it), which also has a spiritual nature to it. This goes to show that, although I'll sometimes vehemently complain about Reggae artists switching genres mid-album, when you surround it in good stuff, it hardly brings anything down. As King Of Kings winds down, it leaves us with one so-so tune and one very good final statement. This first is Take This Pain Away which is a rather odd sounding tune, which has like a folksy sounding vibes to it. This tune was EASILY my least favourite on the album for quite awhile (it actually might still be) but it does grow on you a bit. And lastly is the EXPLOSIVE March Of The Kings which is a SCATHING social commentary. I THINK joining King Hopeton on the tune is his business partner, Xsample on the spoken word vibes, which is an excellent touch for the song and a UNIQUE way to end things here.Overall, call it already, King Hopeton's album King of Kings is THE sleeper Reggae album of 2009. As the year has started with several surprises, but not too much HEAVY artillery, at least on the roots side (and by that I mean, BIG material from BIG current artists) and this one will definitely add immensely to the small, but solid bunch. King Of Kings has every bit the feel to it that I got from King Cephas' and Harry Mo's 2008 releases and this one definitely has potential  to go further. The situation is different here, of course, because you're FAR more likely to hear from King Hopeton and DoubleLion again, whether you know it or not. Hero is certain to put out a follow up to Revelation pretty soon and he and his camp would be wise to pursue similar producers when that time comes, so we're definitely looking forward to that. Likewise, when that day comes, hopefully King Hopeton will go right into the studio with his own follow up to his OUTSTANDING debut album, King Of Kings.
Great job!  Thank God for your abilities and may you use it to further the kingdom of God!
This was a great practice for me, but the instructions would be a little hard to follow if you aren't familiar with some of the yoga terms or if you don't already have a sense of how much is too much for you. I'm also not sure how scientifically true some of the stuff he says is. Still, I had an amazing experience doing this practice, it was amazing for my hips and my lower back. I'd supplement it with some additional work on your upper back and shoulders to get a more thorough experience of unwinding.
Just started listening to L'Angelus. I like Christmas music and I thought they would put out a good CD. Pretty good.
Did you ever just want to pop in a relaxing CD at the end of a long day? If so, Swaha's newest CD "Bolo!" is a great choice to soothe your soul. Taking hints of Indian mantras and spiritual music, Swaha does a magnificent job with their newest disc. Vocalists Dave Stringer and Tara MacLean serve up some excellent performances on this CD. The balance of Dave's vocal tone with Tara's angelic pitch is easy on any listener's ears. As for the music, the raga flare sets the mood for some beautiful sounds on songs like "Shiva Manas Puja" and "Jaya Ram Shri Ram." Another great feature of "Bolo!" is the pop sound that is delivered on many of the songs including "Govinda Gopala." Swaha has taken the mantra/Indian genres to a whole different level, fusing India's musical roots with traditional pop instrumentation. "Bolo!" is a perfect listen for anyone who enjoys Indian music fused with spiritual and uplifting textures.[...]
I lost my CD of this a couple of years ago and purchased it as mp3 tracks just now.  The music is catchy and I appreciate having it around the house.  It has more of a semi-professional sound, but I appreciate the genuine emotion that comes across from the performers.
This person can play the clarinet with such feeling and passion and panache...what a joy to listen to. Oh, and the best version of Hava Nagilla ever..except for maybe their other version (on another album of theirs).
Somewhat reminiscent of 1940 and 50's country music, Hank Williams Sr, Eddie Arnold, and Hank Locklin. Mainly my interest was peaked by the fact they were all gospel songs I had never heard in my lifetime. My Gospel interest is driven by learning the composers interpretation of good sound biblical Truth's! It is a good easy listening gospel album full of quality voice and instruments.
Enjoy listening to instrumentals because it relaxes me while I'm working.  This being Christian music makes it even better because I'm a Christian.
You could hear and feel God on this CD. Totally underrated. May God continue to allow her to write and sing songs fit his glory.
Unfortunately, this band no longer exists, but I can really get into this album.  Creative songwriting with some really catchy grooves.
1. It Doesn't Matter What You Look Like2. Make Me A Servant3. He's Got Everything Under Control4. Take Care Of Your Parents5. Clap Your Hands/Make A Joyful Noise6. I Could Give Him Love7. God Our Friend Medley8. Kids Under Construction9. Sing and Praise Medley10. My Father's Angels11. God's Way12. That's When The Angels Rejoice13. Do You Dare?
The musical duo, Game Six, mixes country music with spiritual themes, tropical, folk, rock, Latin, and jazz sounds on "God, Love & Mexico." Their sound is primarily country, but the choices of instrumentation really throws each song in a different direction. For instance, "Shamrock Bar" has the classic pedal steel sound which is very much associated with country, but it is played more in a Hawaiian/Slack key form with a tropical drum groove underneath. "Bahia de Banderas" is also another unique track that features some eclectic Mexican sounds with a sweet brass section and the occasional Spanish sung vocals. "God, Love & Mexico" is a great CD for any Jimmy Buffet fan as it mixes country with tropical themes throughout. Shaun H. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Great song by a largely unknown artist.  I love the energy of this song; it really puts me in a great mood.
With style reminiscent of John Denver and a heart for worship, Bill has been blessed with the gift of song.  His voice is pure and unaffected...at times soaring, at times intimate.  "This Heart of Mine", "Mom's Song", and "Come Into My Heart" are worth the price of the whole album.
I have really enjoyed this album, and I think they did a great job putting it together. I really like What A Friend We Have In Jesus, but they are all nice.
The hymns sound great. I especially like the instrumental pieces. Great for using at church, at weddings, or get togethers.
I purchased and downloaded the mp3 version of the collection. I have not listened to the collection in its entirety, but I have been very pleased with what I have heard thus far. The words are clear and understandable, and the quotes from Martin Luther that are interspersed throughout the collection connect the songs beautifully with their composer. This collection is excellent for any Christian and/or classic music fan.
This dude is hottt! I cannot believe the flow of lyrics that come out of his mouth on almost every song.  This is one of those albums that you will be bumping in your car and people will ask, "Who is that?!".  Gospel rap has come such a long way.He is from Montgomery, AL and I found out about him through a Brother of mine who hosts a show called The Genesiz Lounge (Brotha' Larry Scott - [...]  You have got to get your hands on this album if you have not yet.  You WILL be blessed.
Andale is on my gym play list and I bump this in my truck.  I honor God while I play some of the best rap available
Great Song, would like to know what elese is on the CD. When will we be able to purchase the CD? Hear it on Radio almost every day been searching for it everywhere what's up with this. Want my copy so that I can listen to it as I comute to and from.
YAY! Johnny's album is finally available online!  It's a fun one too.  (a bit like Elvis, Larry Norman, and Jose Feliciano all rolled up into a one guy that somehow, as much as those influences are apparent, is yet altogether unique apart from them).  What makes it extra special for me is that Johnny is also a close friend (and I know the BIG heart behind his music).  This guy loves Jesus and that really comes out in every song!  My favorite song on this album is "My Priend Now" (as well as "I'm Saved" and "I Won't Turn Back").  Rockabilly is back!!!I would love to see Johnny also do an acoustic album one of these days.  He has an incredible voice and is a real talent on the guitar.  I keep encouraging him. :)  If you like his music, I encourage you to let him know with some feedback and maybe by purchasing a couple songs.  Him and his wife Lynne are some of the most loving and generous people I know.  They have taken in homeless kids as well as worked with kids on the streets, and even gave me a place to stay while trying to save money for my wedding.  I've seen them go without and still keep smiling and thanking the Lord for every provision He's given.Great job Johnny boy!!!  I'm buying the first download!!! :)  Love ya man!
We enjoy this CD and feature it on our meditation hour on our internet radio station.Calm, done well, and good price.
I appreciate having on hand guided meditations as I'm not very good at meditating on my own. I find these to be helpful in getting me focused.
Easy-on-the-ears and gentle-on-the spirit, this is well worth a relaxing listen especially if you enjoy the ole plain-instrumental evangelical hymns on solo inst piano. Although there is one new tune penned by New Zealand based Kris Baines, there nothing here to shock or disturb a quiet soul. One can't help but think that had this album been from the US a real set of orchestral strings could have been used. In spite of everything, the plain album is pleasurable and there are nice arrangements to familiar songs, which gives them a refreshing update. Instrumental compactness and sophistication give decorum and dignity to these hymns and chorus melodies in the midst of our busy life styles. This relaxing instrumental recording of fifteen songs played and arranged by Kris. Classic oldies like `What A Friend', `Beneath The Cross' and `Pass Me Not' are given a gentle touch on the piano that lends for the main part to being played as background. But that's not a criticism!
I bought this only to further complete my ikd-sj collection as I'm a rabid fan of the band.What you get here are four tracks: Celeb Hunter, which is the exact same as the version off the LP "World's End Fruit Basket" - except with a twist - at the very end of the track is hidden a code which you can use on the band's website to get a free song. Next up is Beautiful Slaughter, either a remix or a demo version of another track from WEFB, which is doubled in length from the LP version. The next track is a~ha~, which didn't appear on any LP or other EP. Finally you have Albinoid, a remixed version of "Albino" from the LP "the mortuary", remixed by "Tomoe 50000".There's nothing new with Celeb Hunter - it still rocks just as hard as it did if you heard it before. I recommend using software like Audacity to amplify the end audio so you can make out the code. The unique version of Beautiful Slaughter was more ambient and nature, something I personally enjoyed. a~ha~ was an alright track, I didn't care much for it but that's just my opinion. The remix of Albino, Albinoid, really blew me away however. Whomever Tomoe 50000 is, he really knew his stuff and they should get him on board for more remixes, since the band has TONS of remixes of their songs done by various DJ's and musicians available.Overall, the EP is pretty solid. I recommend it even if you haven't heard ikd-sj before. It does a decent job of letting you know what you can expect if you decide to venture further into the Garden of Vegetable.
"Oneman" is the appropriately titled new release from Michigan based one-man-band Todd Bendler, also known as "Brother Todd."  His humble, haunting vocal style lingers in the lower register, giving this album a deep, dark and unique quality.  His storytelling lyrics are thought provoking, inspirational, and at times humorous, giving the listener a distinct look into his personality.  The entire album is written and produced by Todd, composing the songs on the piano and guitar and then adding the vocals, drum parts and additional parts if needed.  Todd also plays all the instruments on each track apart from "You Lift Me Up" and "Gunslinger," where Guy Hedrick plays lead guitar.  His music is honest and uplifting with many lyrics about the struggles of everyday life, where Todd offers inspiration.  Listen to the heartening "You Lift Me Up" and moving "Dance My Dance."  "I'm Feeling Fine" and "I Can't Sing the Blues" are of a more playful, lighthearted nature, with Todd showing his humorous side.  Fans of inspirational and contemplative rock should definitely check out Brother Todd's "Oneman."[...]
This group is the real deal.  Skilled musicians serving the Lord with hard hitting beats and no nonsense lyrics, On The Radar delivers a solid single with Wake Up.Highly recommended!
This is a stunning debut effort from a new voice in Christian music. Clear the Temple is the standout in this collection - a beautiful and moving song which I have witnessed move people to tears. Ken Saurajen is a talented new singer-songwriter whose music will appeal to those who enjoy Tim Hughes and Jeff Johnson.
I downloaded this EP not knowing what to expect. I love the mix of Electronica and Christian lyrics. Jai is definitely thinking outside of the box with this one! It's very youthful and it will move you, literally! If you are expecting traditional gospel this is not for you. But if you are looking for something that "speaks to your heart" this is the CD to pick up! I absolutely LOVE it! "Good to Me" is my favorite song so far! Well worth the small amount I paid. Keep up the good work Jai! I pray God blesses your endeavor!
The music is tight!  Well produced!!  It doesn't sound like it was made in someone's garage or basement using a Mickey Mouse system!  I pray God allows you to continue to blow up!  Gospel with a very urban and youth appeal!  The church mothers and deacons may have a problem relating to the music, Jojo and 'nem won't!  Overall, I enjoy supporting up and coming artists, especially when they take the time to make sure their production is executed in the spirit of excellence!!  Well done!!
Awesome album, what a great find on Amazon. I like "Strongholds are Coming Down" and "Set me Free". I can't believe that I haven't heard this on Christian radio. Trust me, it's as good or better than anything produced by the big labels.
This album contains a wide mix of sounds: there's hard rock guitar, percussive beats, soft piano, choral response, even a harmonica at one point. These different styles aren't all present in every song. Tracks like &#34;Martyr Song&#34; and &#34;You're An Army&#34; are loud and triumphant, while Pino's version of &#34;Nothing But the Blood&#34; is an inversion of this usually upbeat song, bringing down the tempo and playing it in a minor key to focuses one's attention on the sacrifice of the cross. &#34;Fire of the Holy Ghost&#34; borders on country/folk, while &#34;Penuel&#34; is a haunting arrangement with barely any words at all. Your tolerance level for such different styles will largely determine your enjoyment of the album: standard Christian band fare, this is not. Different and bold, but always captivating: these are all words I'd use to describe Pino's sound.The album manages to credibly combine such disparate sounds as a united whole largely due to Pino's hard-hitting, exuberant lyrics. If the album title isn't evocative enough, consider this &#34;Martyr Song&#34; refrain:&#34; &#34;Raise up an army of lay down lovers.&#34; There's an inherent contradiction in such terms, one that belies their apparent militancy to focus our fervor squarely in the right direction: &#34;not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil,&#34; as Paul reminded the Ephesians. Or how about this line from the addictive &#34;You're An Army:&#34; &#34;We cut off the giant's head / We eat giants for our bread?&#34; There's a clear Davidic reference here that refuses to gloss over or soften this multifaceted man, both the soldier and the psalmist.But the album does more than evoke a warrior's ethos. In &#34;You're Not Alone,&#34; Pino reminds us &#34;There's a fourth man standing there in the fire,&#34; a very welcome reminder of divine companionship even when we feel most isolated or betrayed. Perhaps the best example of Pino's blend of traditional theological themes and contemporary conversational tone occurs in &#34;Kingdom of Heaven,&#34; a bluesy down tempo track that nonetheless aims for depth with a line like &#34;Smash all your idols and forget about yourself / Cause Daddy is calling you home.&#34;Passion underlies each of these songs, pushing people to think about what they're singing and reminding us of the terrible joy and awesome power we're attempting to capture when we claim to worship. The album attempts to capture all the moods such an action can involve, from jubilant triumph to penitent sorrow, and even simple happiness (I dare you not to smile when you hear &#34;I'm going to play my harmonica for Jesus&#34;). I'd encourage you to sample it for yourself to gain an appreciation for this unique voice.
Steeped in culture and rich with history, Volva Songs EP strikes a chord for anyone who has ever been interested in the northern countries like Norway, and Iceland.  Have you have ever wondered what kinds of songs the early Vikings might have sung around a campfire? In my opinion, I don't think you can get much closer than Volva Songs EP.  Volva is Old Norse for "Staff Carrier", what we could consider a bard or storyteller.  Kari uses the staff as a rhythm instrument, a method she calls "Volva Stav".She explains: "My work as Volva gently pulls the threads of our indigenous European tapestry, mends them to our immigrant memories, and spins a new thread for our children that is true, restores identity, and creates cultural healing. "The acoustic guitar is used in some of the pieces to add a warmth to the songs.  The ambiance created by these songs drips with the essence of the "old ways".  Even if you aren't fluent in Norse or Icelandic (neither am I), this is a rich and wonderful album to enjoy, it truly transcends words and relies instead on the emotions that it stirs."Dromte Mig", the fourth song on the album is by far my favorite.  I'm reminded of a video that I had seen of one of Kari's performances in which she sings this song.  Throughout the song, she is spinning thread with an old fashioned drop spindle.  As I listen to this song, I can vividly see a group of women sitting around singing and spinning their thread, carrying on a tradition that was passed from mother to daughter.  This song relates that bond of passing tradition down through a family or community.  The song starts off slow and soft and builds to a wonderful crescendo.Number three on the album, "Oppi Li" is one of those songs that is, in my opinion, pure unadulterated fun! The only musical accompaniment is a drum and of course Kari's ever-present Stav.  No other instruments are needed as Kari's wonderful voice could easily carry this song a capella.  This piece has a wonderful tempo that will have you wishing for a bonfire to dance around."Svarterabben", the last song on this album, coming in a close second, is another favorite of mine.  It combines a beautiful melody, wonderfully played on an acoustic guitar, along with Kari's powerful and wide-ranging voice.  I love the tune to this song, whenever I hear it, I want to join in and sing along. . . if only my voice had the range.This is an album that I have wanted to write a review about for some time.  I have always been fascinated in the histories of the various peoples of the world.  There is so much that was once known, but through the passage of time has been lost, it's exciting to see someone actively working to recover some of that history.  I applaud the work of Kari Tauring and hope to hear more of her work in the future.If Volva Songs EP sounds like something you would like to experience for yourself, you can get it here.  Kari has a number of videos on her site in which she not only performs, but also explains in greater depth, her use of the Volva Stav.~ Reviewed by Chris "Thaskalas" Madison:Pagan Radio Network
My husband and I were fortunate to meet these talented artists in Clinton, NC where they performed in 90 degree+ weather. We really like their jazzy style of music and the lyrics are unique and Kingdom-minded! Can't wait for more tracks from these artists!Noel a.k.a. The Spin-Man and Jewel.
After hearing Psalm of Abraham this was one of those albums that is an immediate purchase for me. I plan to play this at our service today. Very much along the lines of Misty Edwards, Jason Upton, Jonathan David Helser.
Awesome talent and ability. Love to put this on during the more quiet times during the day or when doing studying of the bible or any topic of choice.
I love praise & worship music, and when I stumbled upon one of the tracks "Awesome Wonder" on Youtube, it just blew me away.  Guest lead on "Awesome Wonder" Brian Temba, has an anointed crazy vocal range.  Sing Brian!!  The song, in fact the entire album is very refreshing and uplifting. Add this MP3 album to your Ipods and enjoy.  Took off 1 star for overall sound quality, but a great praise & worship album.  I hope Roger & Sam produce more great music.  God bless you.
Life Journal by B. David is a fine, aptly named debut. Those who escape the darker side of life through Christ have a depth of experience from which they can draw. David has turned the trauma of his childhood into soothing messages of hope and healing. It's personal but not so specific that listeners will have trouble relating. It will be especially comforting to those who have been bruised and battered by life. It's filled with positive affirmations that reflect a healthy outlook.Thankfully, this is not a recording that is so message-driven that it suffers artistically. Though there are a few rock riffs, most songs consist of rhythm and blues arrangements with smooth as silk backing vocals. Much of it is delightfully acoustic with minimal production. The sound is somewhat reminiscent of Stevie Wonder, not that David has reached that pinnacle, but I think even Wonder would enjoy the soulful sentiments.A standout is "David," which like the rest of the songs has a one-word title. David has a high-pitched voice, and this song starts a little jarringly with him singing a melody that becomes the chorus. The song quickly takes on a Take 6 vibe, with a percussion track that sounds like finger-snapping, and gentle acoustic guitar. His voice carries an infectious rhythm as he sings: "This is a song that I will sing, when trouble enters my life. This is a song I will play, to get through the night. Though I think I'm nothing, I feel there is something that you want me to do. So I'm going to keep on waiting behind this mountain for you. Until you call my name, I'm going to sing to you."This reminds me that the songs, primarily written or co-written by B. David, have a wonderful childlike quality that is even reflected in the music. The sincere lyrics and the simple arrangements make the songs sound fresh.Back to "David," which is my favorite, even though the first single, "Believe," is also an excellent song. Just when you think "David" can't get any better, it becomes sublime at the end. The music begins to build after a bridge and the background singers start to say, in between David's singing of the chorus melody, "When I feel sad ... When I feel weak ... " It ends on a triumphant note with a choir of singers proclaiming, "I'm gonna worship." This alone makes the CD worth having, but this is a likeable collection of songs. In my mind, the opening "Hope" is the weakest because of its generic rock riffs and sound. David is at his best when in the soulful groove.This recording has broad appeal but is certainly a fine example of music's potential to be therapeutic. David's life reminds us that God can restore the years. His music follows in the wake of the prophesied ministry of the Messiah: "He will not crush those who are weak, or quench the smallest hope, until he brings full justice with his final victory. And his name will be the hope of all the world" (Matthew 12:20-21 NLT). This is a beautiful soundtrack for every life that is reaching for hope and wholeness. Any broken heart will do well to make this part of their therapy.
Paul Estro's self-titled debut forges a new and delightful territory in the country gospel music scene. Estro's raw and witty lyricism, coupled with his intimate Southern backwoods-style vocal intonations, fuses to create a palatable and innovative collection unlike its contemporaries. Throughout the 8-song CD, Estro relies on twangy guitar and female Gospel chorus - not to mention the occasional power chord - to deliver songs that extol the virtues of his faith, while skewering the trappings of the modern church. Moreover, the musicianship of this work is exceptional in technique and caters well to the emotions each song intends to invoke. Highlights include the country shuffle, "The Church of McWill," a Guitar Town-era, Steve Earle-like rocker called "Welcome Home," and the catchy "Pastor Martin is Coming." Fans of country gospel marked by clever satire will find a humorous solace in this memorable debut. Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Not many Jesus Music (predecessor to Contemporary Christian Music) artists ventured into jazz. "Aim for the Heart" was an innovative step into progressive jazz for Paul, who surrounded himself with excellent musicians for the recording. The original LP included the a 6 minute plus song, "Oracle", which is not available in digital form.
I first heard these songs in 1991 when my son, Grant Cunningham, gave me a complimentary cassette tape of "Rock the World."  He had entered the singing and songwritng business a couple of years earlier and this was one of the first records that contained both his lyrics and his vocals.  He was part of a team of young artists lending their talents to a worthy cause.  The original release of these songs in 1991 was accompanied by a companion tape that contained "The Clinton Hill Story," as told by his mother.  When Clinton died from a brain tumor at the age of eleven, his parents decided to start "Kids for Saving Earth" as a tribute to their son's interest and love for the earth and its natural beauty.  We also lost our son, Grant, in the summer of 2002 after he suffered a brain injury during a soccer game.  After the "Rock the Earth" project, Grant went on to write songs for Avalon, Jump 5, Point of Grace, Sandi Patty and other artists.  Grant is the "rapper" in the song, "Rock the World."
A good album. Many of the songs form the album The House of the Lord are on it. However two of the best were not to be found. But still good.
This is the black metal disc that caused people to boycott and send nasty hate mail to Nuclear Blast. Why? Because this band supports Christian ideas. Funny how it's a crime to censor anyone except someone who holds to Christian values. Hmmm...Anyhow, the music on this disc is so feakin' fast that it becomes ridiculous The name of the game here is everybody play as fast as you can, whoever gets to the end of the song first wins! Well, that would be true except that this one time project is by one man who plays all the instruments, who's goes by the name Anonymous. Of course most people know that Anonymous is ex-Mortification/Paramaecium drummer Jayson Sherlock. (Well, if ya didn't know, you know now.) The drum work on this disc is outstanding; it almost seems impossible for any human to play that fast. "Hellig Usvart" is Norwegian and means "Holy Unblack." And in the cover Horde has written: "Vi de uddelige inviterer dere til  sl dere sammen med oss". This too is Norwegian and means something like this: "We the immortal invite you to join us."RECOMMENDED!!!
$6 for 100 songs is a good deal in almost anyone's book, and this certainly has a great collection.  I just wanted some background music for work and, while I certainly have played a lot of this music myself, I'm not an audiophile and so perfect recording quality is not necessary for me.I am however a bit annoyed that one of the tracks actually has a skip in it.  What kind of quality is that?  Symphony No. 40 (Mozart) actually skips about 1:35 into the piece.  I'm hoping this won't happen on other tracks, but it did kinda of surprise me.  If this is exclusive to Amazon, they should be a little more careful with the quality before purchasing it.
I'm surprised to see the low rating this was getting.  It is not the best CD I bought but I mean come on, 100 songs for $0.99.  How can you go wrong?
I'm not really a fan of this type of music, but I felt compelled to review it anyway. I've been clicking around on Amazon.com listening to different examples of what people are calling "Christian Techno" or "Christian Electronica". Most of them are just REALLY horrible, amateur tracks that don't have anything Christian about them other than the name. Well, this CD is not like that. This guy actually took the effort to insert Christian lyrics and has decent production.Again, I'm not really a fan of the music at all, but kudos to DJ Doomsday for actually TRYING and not just trying to sell complete *#$% by slapping a cross on it and calling it "Christian".
Mark White is an influential worship leader and mentor in Southern California. His songs are Theologically deep without being pretentious, his singing is passionate and no nonsense, and his lyrics reflect a humble, intimate relationship with his Creator. Produced by Ian Christian Nickus (Timmy Curran, The Red West), the musical arrangements hold up at the turn of the decade (the only exception being "We Love You God"- which is starting to show it's Turn-Of-The-Millenium age) and the production quality is polished without the "over-produced" sound that sometimes comes from Nashville. As an admitted dyed-in-the-wool fanboy, I am mystified that this stellar album has not received the attention it's due.Favorite songs onWords Fall Shortinclude the title track "Words Fall Short", "About To Fall", "Surface"(featuring Kendall Payne), "Fill Us With Your Glory" and "Vision".Give it a spin in your car and you may drive an extra ten miles with tears in your eyes and joy in your heart!
Well, I will try and write, at least, something of a review here since the other two reviewers could only re-write the track listing for their five star rating. While I'm only at four stars this is the second release with lead vocalist Ric (spelled many ways over their remaining albums) Florian.  But this album shows the progression that the group is taking and their next release, 'Freedom' will put them over the top, both creatively and commercially.  The group does excel here with their sound and delivers on all cylinders.  Mark Gersmehl handles lead vocal duties as well and on this album as well as subsequent albums the songs with Gersmehl are some of the best White Heart tunes.  If you're looking to get into White Heart and love the voice of Ric Florian, start with 'Don't Wait for the Movie' and go from there.  Their best albums for me would have to be 'Freedom', 'Tales of Wonder', and 'Highlands'.  While 'Powerhouse', 'Inside' and 'Redemption' are respectable they just don't measure up. Solid releases, but just love the three I mentioned.
I'm glad to see Canaan is releasing some of the classic albums from their collection.  The only way to get albums like this one has been to track down a second hand vinyl.This album is from 1981 and contains many songs that will be unfamiliar to many Inspirations fans.  This especially goes for those like me are are younger than the album  "Is that Footsteps that I Hear" has been kept in their concerts for some time.  The only other one that may have some familiarity to new fans is "Thank God I've Made It", which the new lineup just recorded on the 2009 albumThe Son Came Down.As much as I love the Inspirations, this album has a few flaws.  The quartet lineup for the album is Archie Watkins / Troy Burns / Jack Laws / Mike Holcomb.  This lineup still has much of the classic sound, but I have a hard time picking up Laws on baritone.  To my ear it sounds like a trio most of the time.  Not sure if this is a recording or remastering issue, or if his voice is just lost in the mix.Along the same lines the sound quality differs greatly.  Once again I'm not sure if it is recording or remastering, but the album is uneven in quality.  Most of the fast songs have a really loud bass guitar.  Even the vocals sound different track to track, most noticeably with "Let Us Sing" which has some kind of echo effect.  Maybe I'm just being picky about an almost thirty year old album though.
This product is excellent for relaxation and meditation, but I was expecting it to be more of an affirmation and self-esteem building CD.  Thus only four stars because I felt the title was misleading.  I listen to quite a few audiobooks during my long commute to and from work, but also quickly realized that you cannot listen to this while driving because it was so relaxing&#8230; which isn't necessarily a bad thing if you are using it at home to relax or meditate.  I had bought it to help me overcome anxiety while going to work and to unwind coming back, but it's not suitable for this purpose.  I suppose if my purpose was to relax and meditate at home, I would have given it five stars.
I bought this to fall asleep to...it is very relaxing, the speaker has a very calm voice. i recommend it
Gifted songwriter ... love his style of music.  He has a way with words.  I was lucky enough to hear him give his testimony.
I saw Doug Hallock give his testimony and sing at my church, and I was really impressed.  His songs come from the point of view of an addict who has been set free by God, but he still has struggles and remembers what it was like to be in active addiction.  His message is an encouragement to anyone who has struggled with addictions or hurts of any kind, or has a family member who has.Dead Man Walkin' contains many of the songs Doug performed in his live show. I love every song on this album, but each of his other albums have songs that I like too. Fans of classic or southern rock will love this album.
There is a trend right now among younger Christian musicians to update the music to old hymns by dead guys and release albums with these "new" songs (see albums by Passion, Sovereign Grace Music, Na Band, Soujourn, etc.). This trend can be attributed to multiple reasons, but I think two prominent reasons are: 1) The songs are good and have stuck around for a reason, and 2) In reaction to the gushy-love-song type of worship of the past decade or two, there is a renewed interest among young people for theologically robust worship songs.The need for deeper theology among young people can be seen in the success of websites like TheResurgence.com, a ministry of Mars Hill Church in Seattle and headed up by Mark Driscoll, a growing favorite among Christians in their 20s and 30s. The Resurgence has already branched out into publishing with Re:Lit, and now, with Re:Sound, Mars Hill worship pastor Tim Smith is taking them into the arena of music production. The first full-length album to be released is Rain City Hymnal, which takes 12 old hymns and transitions the songs into the 21st century beautifully. Producers Brian Eichelberger and Joel Brown bring together 5 different bands (The Northern Conspiracy, Ex Nihilo, Team Strike Force, E-pop, and The BCG) and create an album that has a palpable cohesiveness amidst the diversity. The album is available for a limited time for free (by giving them email addresses) or for whatever price you choose to pay at NoiseTrade.com. After that, it will be available for purchase through more "traditional" avenues.The album kicks off with "Doxology," a brooding, atmospheric version of a song I grew up singing as the offering was collected every Sunday in church. The driving baseline throughout the song sets the tone for a lot of the rest of the album, and the song builds to a great crescendo. Needless to say, this version would not have gone over well in that extremely conservative setting, but I really enjoyed it in this setting.Other favorites on the album include "We Have Not Known Thee," which laments our tendency to neglect God while asking for the grace and strength to pursue and love Him better. The back and forth of a female voice on the verses and male on the chorus works extremely well, and the melody is almost haunting. "I'll Fly Away," with its acoustic-piano rendition of a classic is also a standout. The album closer, "Man of Sorrows," took me to another place and made me feel as though I was sitting at Mars Hill Church, having just heard a sermon of the cross of Christ, and was now singing my heart's response. The song hits just the right tone to match lyrics such as, "Bearing shame and scoffing rude / In my place condemned He stood / Sealed my pardon with His blood / Hallelujah! What a Savior!" The song slowly builds and makes you want to raise your hands in praise to Christ for what he's done for us. Stunning.With so many trying to update old hymns, an album has to be really good to stand out, and this one does. The music is great, but not distracting from the truth to which it points. While the style of the songs might not appeal to everyone (and the mood of the music is quite somber on a number of the songs), I would definitely recommend this offering.Tim Smith states in the liner notes, "Our goal in all this is first, to make Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, look great." Mission accomplished, Tim.
the music was great but I was a wee bit dismayed that the orchestra was Chinese given all of the talented groups here in the States.
This is an excellent CD. It is not Shakuhachi Honkyoku, but rather music with excellent vocals, strings, and other instruments in which Shakuhachi plays a part. The instruments weave together nicely and I can listen to it for hours. I must reserve 5 stars for absolute masterpieces when it comes to Shakuhachi, since there are so many virtuosos, but I will enjoy this CD for many hours. It does have a meditative quality. You can let it float through you with relaxing tones, or listen closely for the details.
My kids love this album.  It has some good biblical stuff in it and I think is useful and fun for learning scripture.  A few of the songs freak me out a little because they sound like a cult chanting in unison, but I usually just skip that stuff and get on with the album.
Fantastic.Mind-clearing.Allows me to find some peace.I wish that they had used some sounds that were a bit more &#34;authentic.&#34;I have used it for meditation, but find it better for &#34;relaxing&#34; as it can be a bit distracting.
I can't recall if i got this as &#34;free&#34; music on Amazon or at most, was .99 cents. it's enjoyable. i do have it in rotation with my &#34;sleep&#34; music.
It's definitely soothing. Much better than a white noise machine. I use it at work to block out distractions and mind chatter.You're supposed to listen through headphones and it is more effective that way but I sometimes listen using stereo speakers and still enjoy it. It's soothing either way.
Good quality music that helps relaxation. Not spectacular, but good enough to satisfy even the most demanding taste. Just enjoy it as you read your favorite music.
Liked it. I use it to meditate. Sometimes I could use a little less sound and more binaural but still very nice.
Really nice to have on the kindle fire. I listen at night and it is restful enough to fall asleep to.
I have some other bi-neural meditation tracks that envelope you a little more This does help keep you focused and maintain a clear mind. Great for beginners and people who need a little extra help quieting their mind.
Best music ever, I wish there is a lot more from same autor. Thank you for having good deals. thanks.
who I as a new believer did not know of until a mission trip to Russia with him in 1997. Mission trips are a blessing but to have such talent as this along is the icing on the cake. One guess who won the talent show at the orphanage. Now I have all his albums I can get my hands on. His talent overrides the fact I have a lot of Christmas music and it is rare for me to find someone who can sing the same songs in a new, interesting and fresh way. He has the highest percentage of any performer with 4 and 5 star ratings in my iTunes collection. Now in August I'm actually looking forward to the Christmas season, despite Christmas merchandise in stores already, this year so I can listen to him. He is a blessing.
While the Twilight series has inspired all sorts of fan to salutes Stephanie Meyers's creative genius, not all of those efforts are worth delving into. Not so with Sam Cushion's music, which has really very surprising promise of talent, creative intuition and sincere effort.While the this collection of instrumental music lacks a certain maturity I myself have come to except for this series (certainly with composers like Carter Burwell working behind the scenes)the pieces Sam has created are still touching and very emotionally real.There is originality in this music, which is for the most part lovely, melodic and sweetly young. Pieces such as "It's your birthday Bella," and "Esme's Song," really grab at the heat of Meyer's work, and evoke a delicious melancholy. I am especially fond of tracks 7 (A Good Friend) and 1 (New Moon).On the other hand, pieces such as 'Riding on Motorcycles with Werewolves,' 'Papercut' and 'The Volturi' are a little to heavy with the electronic keyboard, and loose the softness of the other tracks. Cushion, while obviously trying to capture the true dark that Meyers so cleanly touches on, shows his lack of artistic experience. Even so though,there are bits within those songs that show true promise.Overall I'm really very glad I grabbed this fan salute to Twilight and honestly recommend a thorough listen for anyone interested. It will be neat to see what Sam Cushion does in the future...-BB-
This is the original version, but unfortunately it does not have back ground vocals with it. If you're wirking as a group then it will be no problem.
When you listen to this CD you can truly hear and feel the passion that this artist has for the one he sings about(our Lord). I give this CD two thumbs up, buy it and you'll enjoy as well.
Was expecting it to sound more like Shekinah Glory (which was EXCELLENT) I like his music, its great- just not exactly what I was expecting.
I liked the tape - it more than filled my need.  I wanted a simple piano accompaniment for my practice, but this CD followed the music as written, and it was easy to download.  It was a plus that it was available in several keys, although I personally didn't need it changed this time.  It was also nice to hear how Steven Curtis Chapman interpreted and sang it.  I performed it at church last Sunday(with live piano accompaniment) and it went well.  So nice to be able to obtain the track quickly and use it to prepare.  Oh, and being able to download it on my Kindle Fire made it easy to take along to practice anywhere, anytime.  What a wonderful message &#34;His Strength is Perfect&#34;  I chose 4 stars because I definitely like it and I will reserve 5 stars for the truly extraordinary when it comes along.
Since Red Mountain has uncovered the hymns of the past to bring them to light, Christ Church has brought more of the same type of solemn praise to our God and King Jesus Christ.  I hope Christ Church keeps up the glorifying song style that has captured my attention here.  Thank you for bringing more True worship to the digital age.
Elevation church has been a new but vibrant voice in the world of Churches that are seeking to be different.Their music is no different then that.I find all of these songs to be of a serious, deap, and provoking or Worship inducing nature.The heart of the artist does come through to you on these CD's.If you are looking for something new, a bit different, but solid: this is the CD for you.
I enjoy Elevation's high energy and passionate worship. I always feel like I'm right there in the recorded service. Love this album.Check out music by The Band Justus too!
Kim Boyce is essentially a clone of Cathy Dennis in terms of musical style.  But in the mid 80's, before corporate interests took over Contemporary Christian Music forever, she produced some of the best avant garde jam music with religious lyrics.  Time and Again is not quite her best album, but has two must-have songs: 'Loving You,' and the unbelievably moving, 'You Can Be Mine.'  A reprise of the rock classic, 'I Just Want to Celebrate,' is mismatched with a hideous song called 'Not For Me,' in which she sings a 1950's-style lament over having to give up a boyfriend because he isn't Christian. (Note the 1950's style album art.)
Although I didn't listen to this much during labor, I found the selections to be very relaxing.  I'm going to keep this in my library to use for my next child.
This is the 3rd cd I have bought from this couple. My absolute favorite so far is Vol III of this series but I definitely enjoy this one as well. I love the spontanaity of the worship, great way to start off your personal prayer time!
I initially got "How Great is Our God" as a free song. I listened to it dozens of times, and it always gave me chills. Beautiful, beautiful voice.I was a bit disappointed when I got the entire album, because it sounded homemade and improvised, and that wasn't what I was wanting. The piano is a bit too loud compared to the vocals. I wished it was better produced. So in my initial review I gave it 3 stars because of this.Then recently (3 years later!) I listened to the album again and it's beautiful. I am able to appreciate it more now-- maybe because I am now singing and playing similar music myself. Kimberly and Alberto are very talented, and Kimberly's voice is just amazing. Still giving me chills. I won't go as far as 5 stars, but it deserves a solid 4.I still think "How Great is Our God" is the best song on the album. It never fails to uplift me.
I actually bought this kind of by accident when I was scrolling, and touched the BUY button when I was reviewing what songs were on the album.  Anyway, I thought I could stand it as I'd never heard of them, and the names of the songs seemed interesting, and it was a bargain as it turned out.  I like it.  I don't love it, but I not unhappy that I have it, and listen to it at least once a week while I'm reading.  All in all, I'm happy with the purchase, and recommend it to most music lovers.  I love most music, so I am building a library, accidentally and on purpose!  Thanks Amazon for the variety you offer.
My second CD of Kimberly and Alberto, I love it, only gave it four stars because a few of the songs sound very similar, but not a negative at all.
Integrity Music has produced a series of fun, topical music CDs for the pre-K crowd under the name God & Me. Featuring a children's chorus and adult vocalists, these bright, upbeat songs are drawn from scripture surrounding a specific topic. God Helps Me is filled with short age-appropriate songs that lead children into a deeper dependence upon God to help, protect, sustain, enable, and sanctify them. There are also some general faith-building songs that celebrate the guidance of God's Word and belief in the risen Lord.Drawn from a variety of musical styles, some of the songs sound jazzy, some are marching songs, others have more of a calypso rhythm, others are lullaby style - this is quite a diverse collection of children's music. Some of the songs feature children and an adult, others are only children, some are rounds etc. Some of this collection's songs are upbeat while others are relaxed and contemplative. Some are even goofy!Just this afternoon my little ones were marching around the living room exclaiming that they could do "All things!" through Christ along with the song "I Can Do All Things". It is exciting to see this kind of discipleship by music taking place even as they sing and dance. This is a sweet album to have on hand for dancing in the living room time.
Hannah The Ideal MotherI have heard many versions of this sermon over the years, but Rev Franklin always has a way of getting the message across.
I took the songs I like from both this CD and &#34;Live at the Banks House&#34; and mixed them for my own Will Reagan & United Pursuit Band Mix CD.
Rosetta Tharpe blends gospel and blues music together making catchy, lively songs that are less about worship and god abiding than rocking out. There are a number of tracks that make this album particularly good, my favorite being 'This Train.'
Rated: 4.4 StarsI bought this album March 2010 (even though amazon's site has an error that claims I haven't purchased it at all. -Correction- I ordered on my sisters account by accident so that was my mix up) when I noticed Amazon was having a massive $5 for various albums sale. At first I was a little wary of the album because the title but I gave the samples a listen and was pleasantly surprised.1. Set the Scene - Birth [Interlude](unrated)2. I Hate You [Crack] (4 stars)3. Windows Down (5 stars)4. On my Grind (4 stars)5. Lifeline (5 stars)6. I Forgive You (5 stars)7. Baby Girl (3 stars)8. Urban Missionary (5 stars)9. Set the Scene - Lil' Homie [Interlude](unrated)10. Picture on A Shirt (4 stars)11. You're the One (5 stars)12. Identity Shift - Brothers (unrated - Spoken word and not a song)13. Daddy Did Me (5 stars)14. Still Standing Here (3 stars)15. Set the Scene - Redemption [Interlude](unrated)16. I Ain't Turning Back (5 stars)Overall 4.41 [Excellent]Just two stars shy of greatness but really that's only on my scale. You will of course have a different view. There are no bad songs here. I didn't quite feel Baby Girl and Still Standing Here as songs though their choruses were in the 4 star region for me. As long as Identity Shift was I would've preferred that it was a song instead of just spoken word. I honestly don't know whether I should rate tracks like that from artist so I tend to leave them unrated.If I could offer any sort of criticism or more like an opinion of the direction I'd like to see Thi'sl go it would be that he graduate to more scripture based lyrical content that ministers to his audience. Though it fits this album as the title would suggest; I hope his third album will leave behind the overuse of mentions of drugs, thugs and gunshots. I fully understand that there are guys who come from that world (Some of us have grown up with folks who are probably still in that world) and I'm glad those artists have given their life to GOD but after awhile it feels a little uncomfortable when you hear it in every song. Not to say that I'm missing the message but too much focus on that subject can potentially overshadow it.I think I covered everything I wanted to mention. Really though COAX is an amazing album. It's a must have for any Christian Rap fans.
Cop'd this whole album after watching the vid for "I Hate You." This one goes hard from start to finish. Thi'sl has a gritty delivery that hits like a punch to the gut. Solid lyrically and good beats. Though not up there with Lecrae, Trip Lee or PRo, he shows some promise and legit talent. He's from St. Lou like Json and Flame, and you can pick up some of the same sounds they have in his rhymes and beats. This is a steal at $5.99. A solid effort. I'm a fan. Be sure and youtube "I Hate You" which is possibly the best HHH vid I ever seen.
Great CD. a lot of the Christian artist first CD are about how they came to know Christ and what they struggled with in the world. we'll see what he has to say on his next effort. def--a great buy
I heard this group for the first time at Winter Jam 2011. The acoustics in the building weren't very good so I was a little bit disappointed. I wanted to give them a fair chance so I pulled them up on YouTube for another listen. I was impressed enough to make the investment in this CD.Nice vocals along with great music.
This is ok, but you have to remember when you buy a cd that all the songs aren't hits and most of them are justfillers to make it look like your getting a good deal , ha ha , not.  I love Christ and Christian music though and I'm glad to pass on my money on a christian product and to a Christian who shares the word and music, ,Jim  Oregon City
I have listened to this group on the radio for a long time so I finally decided to buy the mp3 album.  Completely worth it.
I had never heard of 'Sidewalk Prophets' until they opened at a concert I was attending.  I was rather impressed and picked up this album.It contains several very catchy songs.  One that is a must have is, 'The Words I Would Say'.  A couple of other standouts are 'Just Might Change Your Life' and 'Show Me How To Love'.  All of their songs contain solid Christian messages, a good sound, and high quality vocals.For anyone who is interested in trying out some new music, this would be a good CD to get.  At the very least, one could download digital copies of a couple of the tracks mentioned above.
Excellent CD. Wonderful lyrics and great melody. This band is top notch - great praises to the Lord! Fun for the entire family.
Matt Shepardson was a worship leader at our church (Willowcreek) when this worship album was released. His version of &#34;The Lord's Prayer&#34; (on this album) is still my favorite, and one of my favorite songs overall. Other standout songs on this album include: Shout the Name of Jesus, and The Lord Is My Shepherd (PS 23.)I thought of Matt today when the worship leader at church in our new home town mentioned how MS has changed his life. It changed Matt's too, including no longer having the stamima to lead worship at Willow, making his &#34;nonetheless&#34; praise on this album all the more special.Wherever you are now, Matt, may God bless you, as you blessed him with this music.
Among The Thirsty are a band who keep their mission front and center - to put themselves and their music at God's service.  Wonder is a very solid full-length album released last August and includes the hit song "I'd Need A Savior."  The Christian rock band from Clearwater, Florida has been gaining tremendous attention around the country with their cutting edge rock, powerful worship and engaging ministry.  I was hooked right from the opening song "Do Over," an up-tempo rock song that reminds me of "Great Lengths" by PFR, one of my favorite Christian bands.  "Don't Sit Down" is even more rocking and keeps the strong message going with the urge "don't give up the fight."Title track "Wonder" really sets the tone for this worship-filled album with the beautiful chorus "So I raise my arms up to the sky. You've taken my tears now, I give You my life."  Hit song "I'd Need A Savior" is a gorgeous ballad about the attributes of Jesus.  This song deserves the success it is having and this sincere anthem of praise really establishes the worship-oriented style of the album, along with "You Are My Worship."  "Full of Life," "One Sound" and "Wake Up" are the other faster songs on the album.  "Wake Up" reminds me of "Straight To Your Heart" by MIKESCHAIR, another one of my favorite new bands.Check out Among the Thirsty if you're a fan of alternative rock bands like Vertical Horizon and the Christian rock bands PFR and MIKESCHAIR.  For me, the stand-out songs are "Do Over," "Wonder," "You Are My Worship," "Wake Up," and the hit song "I'd Need A Savior."
This is inpirational music, always nice to listen to and meditate.  Plan to get other albums by him and Marty Haugen.
I've been following Paul and his worship team for some time now, and have almost all of his CD's.  I consider this CD one of his best and includes most of his most favorite songs.Well worth the price.
I just love how Miss Venema plays the trumpet.  She is magnificent.  However I wish you would disclose the number of KiloBits/sec and number of Hertz at which each of the MP3 tracks are recorded.  To me this is an essential piece of what quality to expect from whoever recorded the tracks.  Listening to samples is insufficient to judge.  One would necessitate to have the file on hand to analyze it with appropriate software.  I have not purchased any of the tracks.
I was one of the early listeners of these one of a kind sound recordings - don't want to call them music because they are so much more - and I have hoped since then that it would be made available to a wider audience to enjoy. So, I am glad that Shango Overdrive is now available here on Amazon for all the millions of members to discover.
I really like this cd. Would have got 5 stars but the volume goes up and down a tad bit. My clients dont seem to mind to much, but for me a lil distracting.
I found myself immediately taking a deep breath during the first few bars of the opening track. Such a great album for active meditating, or just gorgeous background music. Another gem from Suzann!
David Ingles has an good voice easy to listen to the cd was very good nice songs a bit different to other cd l would recommend if you like Christian song then this one to have God bless all who read this review.
This is my second favorite Paul Wilbur CD after Shalom Jerusalem. Makes me wanna move my feet and praise the Lord. I highly recommend it.
I purchased to have someone sing by for a service and it worked fine.  There were no problems or complaints.
The Roary was prayed well.  The man has a good voice, even tempo and he was prayerful without preaching .  It was the rosary as I knew it as a child; prayed by Arch Bishop Cushing.
Jason Upton has a way of lifting you up, encouraging you, inspiring you. I love to worship to his music.
Corey Asbury's first solo album is an excellent worship album. It includes two or three raps and as many instrumental and spontaneous songs. I found the rest of the album the most satisfying, with incredible songs drawing me closer to God time and time again. While not consistently amazing all the way threw, still a great album.
Everything is clear and precise I enjoy listening to the prayers and reciting the rosary along with recording.  I enjoyed hearing the history of the rosary
I downloaded this song because I know I like it but I can't find it now that I've bought it. I admit I haven't looked very hard but I don't think I should have to look very hard to find what I bought.
If you like many of the popular worship of the last 10+ years of Hillsong, Hillsong United, CFNI, Jesus Culture, etc you will probably find something you like from Citipointe Church.
This is a pleasant, relaxing meditation--and a bit whimsical, too.  Not meditation in the classic sense, and not full of heavy-duty affirmations.  Just a light,upbeat,relaxing journey to help you unwind, reset your mood, or sleep.
This meditation was full of symbolic imagery for hope and prosperity. There is some time to use your own visualization and images in the enchanted wood as well. I also found it relaxing. I came out of the meditation refreshed, joyful, and hopeful. I felt really great the rest of the day. I enjoyed the cadence of his voice. Great meditation. Look forward to doing it again and again.
I like the traditional and good quality sounds! Tennessee Ernie Ford's voice is soothing and refreshing. The songs are beautiful and soul-stirring.
These are all audio clips from the closing hymn segment of Ernie's TV show.  If you like your gospel songs in bites of more than two and half minutes each, then this is not for you.  That being said, the songs here are beautifully sung by Ernie and a wonderful choir.  There is even an uncredited performance by legendary folk singer Odetta.  The songs are familiar, the arrangments just "out-of-the-box" enough to be satisfying.  Beautiful music from one of our most inspiring and talented singers. Note:  one song has a strange sound and laughter.  This was a Christmas show.  Ernie was singing to children.  One of them was either startled or moved by the spirit because he let out a tiny exclamation of sorts.  The audience--and the rest of the performers onstage--laughed.  I know because I saw this performance on a DVD about Tennessee Ernie Ford.
John's vocals are as good as ever. Sound and production quality are excellent. Very melodic rock, hard rock, with a couple of progressive rock songs. Down by the Lake is a progressive masterpiece, no only great musicianship by all musicians, but, great lyrics and singing.
This is a less expensive alternative to Mastedon's "3", except that you won't get "Dust in the Wind". What you will get is very good rock music. I like "Revolution of Mind" and "Nowhere Without Your Love" the most, but it is over all a very good CD. If you like the Kansas/Classic Rock sound, get it!!
I like the CD but I'm confused why the official MASTEDON Cd is an import only AND why this download does not have the last track, a remake of "Dust in the Wind"!I'll pass on one track to save over $15 but I see no reason to not include it or AT LEAST let me buy it for $1.Sincerely,The glass is 1/2 empty guy ;-)
This is a really good worship album starting true to the IHOP vein of things they talk about. It's really solid, I like the music, & my favorite track is "When I'm Afraid" without a doubt, worth the money. God bless everyone
Loved this song I cant wait until whole album drop. Love men and women of God that have albums that glorify God.
This album is a bit more "low key" in it's delivery.Many Praise & Worship projects include at least a 50-50 balance of upbeat vs. meditative tunes.In this project Hackett didn't feel that pressure which I found refreshing.
wonderful, soothing, and very inspirational listening and will be looking for other music by this musician in the future to com.
This is a nice CD, Julie True is a true worshipper, I will buy another CD from her ministry soon
Here's another new Christmas song I've never heard before.  I enjoyed this song which blends strings (incl piano) and snare drums with an interesting (and different) rhythm.  The singular male voice dominates this piece with occasional harmonization (I believe with his own voice).  Drums transitions to a light rock beat around the middle then dissipates quickly at the very end for a soft finish.  Instrumentation has some climatic points (louder/fuller); my only criticism is that the singer sang in a fairly consistent (moderately loud) tone throughout (very little modulation) and the voice is very similar to so many contemporary male voices, but not unpleasant. Definite country influence on the voice.If you are looking for something different in Christmas music, think about including this piece, especially if you like alternative, light rock or country. Nice piece overall.
again Dizzy does an excellent job of bringing holiday traditions with a twist. recommeneded for anyone who loves good Christmas music.
Before she did the worship albums, she did Christmas Worship! Simple, elegant, beautiful. Not much in the way of instrumentation other than the basics, but its calm and soothing, as only Kari can produce.
If you enjoy Christmas music or you have liked Kari's other music, you'll probably like this music.  I've looked other places for this album, but it seems Amazon is the only place that carries it.  At writing, there's no album discount- meaning the price of the album is the same as the price of all the tracks added up.  If you already have her "Where I Find You: Christmas Edition" album, then you already have the song "O Holy Night" so you can save yourself a buck if you're cheap like me ^^
I'm a Christian but don't really like much Christian Pop as it all sounds the same. The Arrows are definitely the exception. Fresh and unique, their chord progressions, impeccable musical talent, and effortless vocals are what makes me thoroughly enjoy their music. Not to mention a wonderful message.
The album Fling Wide shows Misty's understanding of the struggles of the Christian walk. I feel the heart of Fling Wide is intimacy with the heart of the Father. The reality of live albums saturated with the Holy Spirit and faith in the air really comes through. My favorite songs definitely have to be Arms Wide Open and Come As Close As You Want. This is a great album to play during your quiet times with God.
My favorite song on this Album is "Wynken, Blyken, & Nod"... I absolutely LOVE this song - Great accoustics, very "Dreamy" and Hypnotic... This artists biggest mistake and miscalculation has been to ONLY release the album in the MP3 Format! I LIKE CDs!!! CDs are fine... Why this rush to abandon the CD Format? I DON'T CARE if that's what all the "Kids" are doing, etc. Hopefully, by pointing this out in this review Amazon or somebody will tell Mr. Gustafson and ALL Artists that if they want to sell on Amazon, it had better be in BOTH CD as well as MP3... Mr. Gustafson has lost a sale here.
If you looking for acoustic Christian music that is relaxed, low key, and peaceful, check this albulm out.  Some will find it too laid back and low energy for their taste.  Personally, I have enjoyed mixing serveral cuts into my playlists but will seldom listen to the entiire albulm in one setting.
I like the cd but the quality of the music isn't up with bands like Lecrae, Trip Lee, seems like they are just getting started.
My cousins made a cd with a few of his songs on it and when I misplaced the cd I wanted to hear the music again. I bought his album here and am pleased with the purchase. It's not the best cd I own, but certainly not the worst.
May 2 2014This musical collection combines some popularhymns in classical music style. If you like either ofthese genres you will love this!The music is soothing and uplifting and wouldbe effective to play to unwind from  your busy dayor use  in a time of quiet devotion or reflection.
This is a soothing compilation of some of the greatest hymns of all time.  They are very tastefully done. The only song with a choir is the last one, "The Hallelujah Chorous."  However, you really need to get the DVD version of this as it has breathtaking scenery that goes along well with the music.  The DVD carton has the CD of the music as well, which is a plus.  I would also recommend the DVD "Abide With Me" from the same people that produced "To God Be The Glory."  It has a CD and DVD combo as well.  They are in the old 1:33 to 1 ratio (the old TV size), but still pleasant to watch and hear.  The only negative, if there is one, would be that you can't start the DVD in the middle, because it will only play the selected song and then stop.  You can pause it in the middle, but once you break the order of play, it will play only one song at a time until you start it from the beginning again.  We take them camping and watch them while making and eating breakfast some mornings.  VERY nice way to start the day! Highly recommend you spend the money and get the DVD's!
I love to listen Pettidee's music since first album upto latest album...now i got this album (race 2 nowhere) is really dirty south i got mad love it! all tracks are produced by Pettidee so the beat r hottest & BANGING!!!!i love to listen often especially track "the ghetto", "hydro", "my truck bangin'" if u buy, it wont boring u!...BUT only i am disappointed for this cd is not original, manufactured by not soldier sound label but AMAZON.COM!!! u can notice this pic with yellow frame n back case that was manufactured by amazon.com!
I love the material on this CD, and the harmonies - blood harmony at its best - are transcendent.  The follow-up CD, "All This Time", is sure to become a Gospel Country classic.  On that CD their voices are astonishingly more developed, rounder, and fuller than here.But this effort stands alone on its own.  And provides a fascinating introduction to Daves Highway, who are sure to become one of the great vocal trios in recorded music history.Fun to see it all begin here.
I really enjoy Jason's music. I love the simplicity, and he really does a nice job writing creative, and meaningful lyrics. Normally I'm not very partial to acoustic music because artists usually tend to get really showy with their vocals, to fill up space. However, Jason Gray has presented beautiful music, and pure talent.Another unique thing about this album, is that each song has a story. So before each song he tells the story, and then performs it. Not only is Jason Gray a talented musician, but he is also a talented story teller.If you really want a fresh, new album you really should try "Jason Gray; acoustic story time".
LO QUE MAS ME GUSTO DE ESTE ALBUM ES QUE CASI TODAS LAS CANCIONES SON VERSOS DE LA BIBLIA. ADEMAS TIENE VARIEDAD DE RITMOS LATINOS LO CUAL ES DIFICIL ENCONTRAR EN LA MUSICA MESIANICA. LAS VOCES MUY BIEN ARMONIZADAS. LO RECOMIENDO.
This is an awesome song, as well as the entire Album, which reflect(s) our Awe and continuing love relationship with the LIVING Jesus...!
This is a really good album.  It is very dynamic.  I love her voice and the passion in her singing.  Sunday is my favorite.
The only bad thing about this album is that its only 3 songs.  I can't wait to see what this guy has in store for the future.  All three songs are great and very inspirational.  Well worth the 3 bucks!
Undisguised....Ummmm not as enjoyable as the other 3 albums.You really had gone through somethings...You've grown.  But, the raw and geninue lyrics are the true witness to your walk and song.Your praise worship music...is fresh...no one can remain the same after hearing it.  I know I wasn't.  It even seen nothing has measured up to that first fresh redeemed spirit, I'd felt after hearing your first,3 albums.  I been searching for an artist(preferred male vocalist) with your provision in Christ.  I'm sure Christ will reveal it. Thank you, thank God, in Christ my brother.DR Phillips
Looking for new music, new artist - this cd definitely exceeded my expectations.  Madelyn Berry is a great artist who sings with great passion.
I bought this music for my church, to play while we are having communion. The song choices are first rate. It provides perfect background music. I also play it on my computer while I'm working. I can enjoy the music without being distracted.
Love their style of singing and the message in each song! This is a must have if you don't have it already!
Had a scratchy old 33.  This is much better.  But only a few of the songs on the record are available at Amazon.  Too bad.  I would buy the rest at the drop of a hat
Some bands are not known for having a prolific output, so you may not have heard of Forevertree. They are from Ontario, Canada, and released `Turning' (1998) and after a decade they finally completed `Alien' (2009). The current line-up is Dwayne Jackson (vocals), Geoff Breen (bass), Sean McGowan (guitar) and Ron Mellegers (drums).Their style is grunge rock and they could be compared to Alice In Chains, Alter Bridge and Godsmack. It combines heavy, dirgelike riffing and the bleak strains of post-punk.`Alien' has heavy riffing and alternating vocals in the chorus "Some look within, some seek without / Some pray in silence while others shout / The more we look the more we see / We will see God's face if we bend our knee" before pulling off an incredible guitar solo.Most of the lyrics are centred on finding God in one way or another. In 'Higher' they state "Get up, stand up the price has been paid / There is no other way / Jesus Christ he is the way / There's only one thing left to say". It is also notable for its more melodic hard rock sound.Generally there are deep, dark, sludgy riffs and brooding bass throughout.
I really love her voice. the drums coming in were a little jaunting the first few times, but now I like them...
Great CD, beautiful voice, lifts your spirtity when listen to this marvalious piece. I would highly recommends this awesome CD
I am member of the One Accord DJs (OADA) and I heard "He'll Make It Alright" form Jor'dan in the Kingdom Afilliates record pool.  If you are reading this, you're going to love this song.  It's a blessing. DJ G, myNewLifeMusic.com
I do recommend! Good songs, musically and vocally! Inspiring to listen to! Check them out now, you'll thank me later ;-)
This album spoke to me as both a saint and my past sinner nature. The musical talent in this album is awesome and if you listen carefully to the words and apply them to your life now or in the past and you don't feel something CHECK YOURSELF! I will gladly promote this artist throughout his journey as God guides him!
I saw them on TBN... I don't have the album yet, but the anointing from their live performance is enough for me to know that this is a MORE THAN great, awesome music. I WAS BLESSED! SHEKINAH...
I especially enjoyed the track Unto the Hills. Over all, if you like The Wilds music you will like this album.
Rated: 4.3 StarsNot really an album but more of a sampler to me. Thankfully most of the songs are really good. The only One I did not care for was 'I Did'. It happens. You won't like everything.1. I Am [5/5]2. Knock It Out the Ball Park [4/5]3. What You Gone Do [5/5]4. You Ain't Worthless [5/5]5. I Did [2/5]6. Gotta Go Get It [5/5]Overall 4.33 [Excellent]I sure would've liked to see what ViceRoy could've done with a whole album. Of course being short their are only two cameos here. AP appears twice and Frankie D. At a buck a song the album is worth it even with a 2 star track (because your taste may vary) and you'll be satisfied with the song selection. So I recommend it to all Christian Rap fans.
Beautiful music. I love to listen as I make the long drives to work and back. I wish there were lyrics so I could sing along.
When you think about the early Christian rock and metal bands, its usually popular bands like Stryper or Whitecross that come to mind, but in the early 1980s it was bands like Petra, Jerusalem, Resurrection Band and Canada's Daniel Band that were blazing the trail. At that point, mixing rock and roll music with a Christian message was a bold and controversial choice, and Daniel Band did it quite well.Daniel Band issued their first album - On Rock - in 1982. Like most of their peers in the Contemporary Christian Music (CCM) scene, Daniel Band's style was highly reflective of their more popular secular counterparts. Since it was the early `80s and they were a Canadian band, that meant April Wine, Triumph and Rush. Now those bands were all on top of their game at the time, so imitating them isn't really a bad call. With On Rock, Daniel Band was delivering a version of hard rock that was melodic and commercially accessible, but with plenty of musical chops and an unwavering faith. Band leader Daniel McCabe was a steady hand at bass, but also provided a steady, higher-octave voice that brought comparisons to Rush's Geddy Lee. Guitarist Tony Rossi was the perfect counterpart to McCabe, delivering both memorable hooks and some knockout solos.Album opener "He's the Creator" is a dead ringer for Rush's "Working Man" and "Two Roads" sounds a LOT like Ted Nugent's "Cat Scratch Fever." The rest of the album sounds like Christian versions of April Wine and Triumph songs. It's all good stuff, but they don't exactly get points for originality.If you're a Christian rock fan, this isn't even an optional release, especially now that such an impressive reissue is available. Daniel Band was an essential part of the Christian Contemporary Music community/genre, and On Rock is where it all began.Edition Notes: Retroactive Records' 2010 reissue of On Rock features digitally remastered sound and a pair of bonus tracks. The remastered audio is the real draw of this reissue, as it was very well done, but the bonus tracks - a pair of rare demos from 1980 - are also well worth hearing. The first - "At All Turns to Rain" is a rocking number with some great layered vocals and the second - "I Give You All" - is a sing-along praise tune that sounds like the prototype for every single song you've ever heard while eating at Chick-Fil-A.
This is good. I was searching for something different that didn't sound like the same popular songs everyone else was singing and these worship songs I found to be restful and refreshing
I am so glad that this is a churchy album as a church choir album should be.  There is so much urban, extremely contemporary music out their by artist.  A church choir should sound like church, not a disco.  Thank you Smokie for staying true to church choirs and leaving the more urban stuff for your personal albums. This shows versatility.
Smokie Norful is the presenting name on this cd, in the same vein as Mattie Moss Clark presents.  You have the feel of a church with great instrumentation throughout the songs delivered by VCC.  This is the church Smokie pastors over with multiple sites discipling throughout the Chicagoland area.  There area some standout hits that you should pay close attention to: I Made It, Your Latter Will Be Greater, All I Need and The Greatest Name (the first single).  You will catch Norful on 2 songs, I'm Still Here and I Come Too Far.  Enjoyable vocals and strong musicians throughout the project.  I bump to this cd in my car.
My daughter loves this. Its good and clean. There needs to be more like this. We are looking forward to getting more songs from here.
Nicole's love of the Lord is evident as is His life changing power by this song.  Nicole makes the Bible come to life.  She shows how it is still relevant and necessary, even critical today.  It's my 12yo daughter's favorite song and I loaded it for her birthday.  She loved it.
I bought this because I liked Stephen King's The Stand and thought this was a re-telling of the story. Like a Christian "Journey to the Center of the Earth" by Rick Wakeman. It's not, even though there is some similarity to the King novel. it's limited to the first song. This album is closer to a Hank Williams pain song. I don't know what he was going through while recording this; but, it must have been serious. The last song is just him and a guitar and sounds more like a demo then a finished song. That being said, there's much that is good in this album. Is it one of his best? No. Is it one of the most honest albums you'll ever hear? Definitely. Imagine, honesty in today's religious music. Wow! That alone is worth the price.
I finally decided to check this EP out, after getting my hands on the Daylight is Coming CD. I loved that, and hoped their style would remain awesome. I wasn't dissapointed! The only thing that made me sad was there are only three new songs on this EP. The last two are new versions of two songs.My rundown:1. Speak to Me: An amazing ballad style piece, with absolutely awesome lyrics. I can't stop listening to it, which is kind of ironic, since the opening line is "I've been listening in all the wrong places" :) I would give it a 4/5, as it does sound rather the same tonight, but it is very well done.2. Guide You Home: I love this one. It has a great guitar opening, and the lyrics are meaningful and very well written and performed. I'm impressed by the great mix of music in the song, piano, guitar, and drums, which all turn out wonderful together. I also love the chorus and the idea of the song, with its sailing anaolgy. 5/53. Rescue: This one is another great song from Remedy Drive. It is my personal favorite, tune-wise, combination of background music, and lyrics. It has a very sing-along style chorus, prompting you to join in! 5/5 for pure style!4. Daylight (Remix): My favorite thing on this CD. AMAZING. Soloman Olds from Family Force 5 takes the hit single Daylight, and remixes it into a dance-pop song that just blows your mind. Just WOW... 10/55. Guide You Home (Acoustic): Self-explainatory. I like it, but its rather slow, and not my favorite. It is a good ending to the EP though, wrapping the CD up nicely. 3/5.All in all, I give the CD 4/5, for some rocking tracks!
Wonderful!
This CD is very good for use in massage therapy.  It has a nice mellow flow, with no overbearing sounds or tones that could distract the senses. It allows clients to drift away with the music.  My only complaint is that it begins and ends very abruptly. Overall a great buy.
terrific
The music is good for relaxing the mind.  I found it made me very alert.  I like to use it in the morning.
Heard these folks before and now after being saved. They are a very good bluesy band, and the singer, Jessica can really wail right up there with Ann Wilson (Heart). There are no veiled references to God or Christianity here. They spread the word of God in a straight forward. My favorite song is "All Things New", but they are all good songs. Looking forward to the next CD.
I like it...but then I like most of anything that Mali Music does!  He's a great gift to the Kingdom!! Definitely not your average "gospel" album by far but a great versatile way of spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.  It will certainly reach many of the "untouched" and seemingly unreachable masses of this generation with great collaborations and introductions of new artists.  So enjoy and also check out his songMake Me New (feat. Mali Music & Together We Stand Community Choir)!  Another blessing of a song to me!!
This Cd needs a home in your library, well worth the investment. I have personally added this CD to my suggested Playlist!
Rated: 3.6 Starsand more tracks. Seriously what's with only 9 tracks for the album? This is my first time listening to anything from Kambino and based off this introduction; i'm digging it. The album, though short, is still good.1. A Proper Introduction [3/5]2. Hodgepodge [4/5]3. No Power (Lights Out) [5/5]4. Real Life [4/5]5. A Problem's a Problem [4/5]6. 3 Words [4/5]7. Reach [3/5]___________8. Let Me Show You [3/5][ERROR or MISSING TRACK. AMAZON DOES NOT SELL IT]____________9. Heart of a G [4/5]10. You [5/5]Overall 3.6 [Good]I'm all for supporting the movement but I just basically paid $1 a song. It's not like i'm going to set a precedent but i've paid the same amount for twice as much content on other albums. Luckily most songs are 4-5 stars which are songs I'd pay $1 for individually. Based on the content it's worth $8 to me and I paid $9 and so I basically just whined over a $1. It's now 7:04 am and I've yet to sleep. You know I must've had nothing to talk about. wow moving on. Okay there's also the problem of the listing being incorrect and would have you believe that there are 10 songs but there are only 9. You think I would've caught that before I bought it.I certainly hope this man keeps working and puts out another album even greater than this one. If you're looking for Christian Rap pick this album up. It's definitely a bonus to my music collection.*EDIT*Well it's looks like i'm going to be complaining about another dollar. So it seems that there was no labeling error. This album actually has 10 tracks and amazon only sells you nine. The Missing track #8 named 'Let Me Show You". What's going on Amazon? I had to download this song from [...]. Now while i'm not advertising I will say this. I prefer the design on Amazon's site and the way they organize your music when you download it with their software. They put everything in it's proper folder and it keeps it nice and neat. However holyculture has a better and simple search system for artist and they allow you to re-download up to 30 times. Now i'm most likely never going to need to do so that many times but as a person whose had many computer errors to the point where I had to restore the C drive to factory settings more than once and eventually just started storing everything on other drives this is an excellent feature. One that I seriously want Amazon to start using.I guess saying don't get it from amazon will end up getting your review rejected lol.
HodgepodgeNo power (lights out)ReachLet Me Show youall certified bangersnot that the other tracks aren't, but the above get much replay.By the way, he doesn't hide from the Gospel or the Truth of it.Cop it if you don't have this album.
This CD is full of familiar English Marian hymns sung pleasantly by a womans choir.  The CD for the most part lends itself well to being a sing along friendly; However, if it had been an option to give it 3 1/2 stars I would have opted for that.1)  I did not like the hymn Mirror of Infinite Beauty (very pop sounding, and frantic vocals)2)  Sometimes I felt the instruments detracted from the music (especially the horns) and just extended the length of the hymns (sometimes) without adding to it.With those two criticisms in mind I have enjoyed listening to the CD several times already.
By the early 1980s, CCM had gone from a fringe movement within West Coast charismatics to a viable career for musicians based in L.A., Nashville, or elsewhere.  The money was always tight, so not much CCM from the early 80s is recorded or mixed as well as its better-funded secular counterparts, so the music had to be carried by lyrical thoughtfulness or personal goodwill, both of which Randy Stonehill was well prepared to deliver.  His music had already evolved from his Randy Newman/James Taylor singer-songwriter beginnings to embrace Eagles-style country rock while working with Larry Norman's Solid Rock entourage throughout the 1970s, and after a decade toiling in an unpopular field, Stonehill was ready for a radio-friendly career.Fellow Solid Rock alumnus Terry Scott Taylor had moved from country rock through an ELO/Queen phase straight into New Wave by the early 80s, and &#34;Equator,&#34; one of Stonehill's Taylor-produced albums, shows Cars/Devo influences in full force, especially on the zanier songs. Stonehill's novelty side always sat uneasily alongside his heartfelt ballads, and Equator, more than any of his other albums, tests the listener's willingness to swing from the silly to the poignant in alternating songs. As with most musicians, the novelty tracks (Big Ideas, American Fast Food, Cosmetic Fixation) don't hold up as well thirty years later as the serious ones (&#34;China&#34;, the apocalyptic &#34;World Without Pain,&#34; his signature &#34;Turning Thirty,&#34; and so on). The Carribean-infected call/response song &#34;Shut De Do&#34; still sounds great simply because its acapella arrangement leaves no room for dated instrumental choices. Gym Nicholson's proto-U2 feedback guitar solo on &#34;China&#34; still sounds terrific too.Within the broad umbrella of CCM, Stonehill always fell more under &#34;Christian who sings about life&#34; rather than under &#34;Christian who sings about God.&#34; Equator tackles obesity, pollution, vanity, aging, and broken relationships, with only an occasional reference to &#34;Him&#34; and &#34;You,&#34; (and on one occasion, a nod to his own phrase &#34;The King of Hearts&#34;) readily parsed by his Christian audience as &#34;God.&#34; At a time when most Christian music dealt in platitudes rather than the challenges of reality, Stonehill's topic selection (like that of his then-estranged mentor Larry Norman) challenged the church and paved the way for the socially aware likes of Steve Taylor, DC Talk, and Todd Agnew.Stonehill had better sounding albums before (e.g. &#34;Get Me Out of Hollywood&#34;) and after  (e.g. &#34;Return to Paradise,&#34; &#34;The Lazarus Heart&#34;) this one, but &#34;Equator&#34; captures the diversity of Stonehill's musical and lyrical ambitions better than any other.
Good collection of Holy Week chants in English. To rate five stars, it would have to attain the spiritual heights found in Russian versions, which it does not.
It's relatively rare to find a sampler that sounds like what you'd hear in a church, without a "wall of sound" or professional singers. These simple piano arrangements, with occasional addition of wind instruments, are very good. The exception is "Dona Nobis Pacem", which has a peculiar sound that I attribute to an electric keyboard. I'm also not fond of giving a melody a different name when, like these, no vocals are used. "Gift From Heaven" is really "Greensleeves" and "Gift of Love" is the traditional "Wally wally".
Mainly a skeletal piano sound reminiscent of George Winston.  Nice personalized performances and arrangements. Relaxing set of eclectic traditional spiritual tunes. Note: on this site, the link to "One" does not play that piece, instead relinks to "Old Rugged Cross."
In the firmament of praise and worship, Sarah Reeves is a bright light on the horizon. Atmospheric guitars fill the soundscape. Poetic imagery frames her importunity. One moment she leads a chorus of adoration; the next she stands in the gap as an intercessor.On "Father's Prayer," she turns the prayer that Jesus taught into a compelling chorus. "God of the Impossible" puts into perspective God's awesomeness: "My biggest storm, a drop of rain. My raging fire, a candle flame. My deepest ocean is like a puddle at your feet." Even more amazing, He turns our brokenness into beauty.With only three tracks, this leaves you wanting more. Reeves has yet to have a full length release, but she has earned it with this EP and a previous one.If her lyrics and thoughts are any indication, Reeves heart is undivided: "I love my Jesus and all I want to do is serve Him and make Him famous." She wants to lead young people into a lifestyle of praise and worship. Despite being young, she is well on her way, sharing stages with some of the best in this genre.Reeves is one of the featured artists in the Acquire the Fire conferences, a ministry to teens, where she will be singing these songs. Get information and tour dates at [...]
Upon hearing the song "What You Deserve" on a television show, I went and immediately purchased this CD.  I've been listening to it for a couple weeks now.  Hands down, "What You Deserve" is the best song on the album.  The lyrics are meaningful, and the music haunting and beautiful.  I recommend buying the CD if only for this song alone.  The rest sound like variations of the same song as they're very similar.  Brightest Day and Fear No More would rank as my second and third favorites.  Overall, I really enjoy listening to this and am anticipating the release of their followup on 3 May 2011.
Pretty damn good for a hymnal type of deal which normally I am bored by.  So I do recommend it.
This is a Tata Vega CD that was not widely distributed when originally released.  Some good tracks and a few that sound dated (80s) and not so good.  But overall a must-have for die-hard Vega fans of her gospel music.  The supreme song is "Just Walk On In" which is more folksy than soulful, but an awesome song, lyrically.
Rated: 3.7 StarsAs i'm looking more and more for Christian Rap albums I came across this album earlier today and was quite surprised by how good it is. I want to start off by listing the songs and how I rated them on Windows media player.1. Intro: Kaden the Eastside Drumma (4 stars)2. Crazy (4 stars)3. Brand New (4 stars)4. Starstruck (4 stars)5. Rock 'n' Roll (4 stars)6. Bangin (5 stars)7. On Deck (4 stars)8. Going In (3 stars)9. Shot In the Club (2 stars)10. Die Tonight (2 stars)11. Make My Day (3 stars)12. I Can't Hear You (4 stars)13. 15's (5 stars)14. You Aint Heard (3 stars)15. Get It In (3 stars)16. I Grind (5 stars)17. I'm Real (4 stars)18. They Need to Know (3 stars)Overall 3.66 [Good]Now of course your taste may vary but this is the result after my first listen. Now usually I don't agree with writing reviews this early as appreciation for a song will sometimes change with time but I haven't written a review in years so I wanted to start up again.As far as my overall rating I just use the overall average. I experienced some level inconsistency. I don't know if it was a bad download, a couple of badly produced tracks or my swimmers ear but I have an urge to reduce a half a star but i'm unsure. Let me know if you notice anything strange with volume levels. Now it may not be the best way to rate it but that's how I am doing it for now.So give this album a chance. It's good and worth a listen.
Purchased this on recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed.  The songs are beautiful and the quality of recording of the live show is very good!
This album has the same good lyrical writing as his other songs on most of the tracks.  Ray's deep, gruff voice can belt out a ballad, and he certainly is gentle with some of the most challenging songs on the album.  While most of the time Ray has been singing about challenges to being a Christian, and bringing out the lives of biblical characters--Paul, Mary, Silas, David, Simon, this time he is trying to combat a locus of evangelical judgment aimed at gays.  Most of these songs have that purpose--to try and reason with folks who have gone beyond reason in their reactions to the LGBT community.He's best when he's talking from the personal-- "God knows I Tried" and "True" are amazing tracks, and talk about how difficult it was to hold this in, and to tell his truth.  "I will choose to love" the track that won song of the year at the LGBT OUTMusic awards, is his response to the hate mail he received.  "You Came to Me" is a beautiful love song to his partner, Franco, who was there when he needed someone.There are tracks too that try to set the record "straight" on what gay people want, and how Christians should respond.  "Following her Dreams" demythologizes the "gay agenda" for what it really is: a person working a 9 to 5 job, saving money for a house one day so she can live with the person she loves. Is that so frightening?  "she's not trying to convert you/she's just following her dreams".  "Who Would Jesus Love?" asks Christians to go beyond WWJD bracelets and ask bigger questions: "would he only love the ones/who look the same as me/ would he only offer hope if he saw similarity/would he leave the others waiting like a stranger at the gate."  And "I chose" tries to explain what gay people choose and what they don't.  Ray sings about choosing the hat he's wearing, the pillows on his bed, but he didn't choose his birthday, his family, his hometown, "I didn't choose the way I feel/but I know it's right and I know it's real/ some things are a part of me/ and other things, I chose."  Finally, there is Ray's anthem for gay marriage, "Don't tell me who to love" where he juxtaposes the faulty reasoning that bars gays from marriage alongside the reasoning against racially-mixed marriages in the sixties. It's got a great dance track--which is new for Ray (the Hitplay version is just a little too club for me).A couple of the songs on this album aren't quite up to the same level; they just seem to be generic songs about being gay.  "American Queen" and "Dancing with the Girls" don't have the lyrical heft or the musical skill.  They don't say much--and Ray seems as if he's gone Brooks and Dunn in them.  They don't work for me, and seem to be him covering the bases to make sure a gay audience will also like the songs.  They need better lyrics to justify their place in what is a great re-boot of Ray Boltz.  True won album of the year at the OUTmusic awards, and "Don't tell me who to love" won him Songwriter of the Year.The album is strong; for several months, I've listened to 9 out of the 13 tracks every day in my truck, and I sing along.  Ray is a fine songwriter and I look forward to his next album while I enjoy this one.
This recording is a transitional one for this beloved singer/songwriter.  One thats message challenges the listener to choose love over condemnation.  Both the lyrics and the music are as strong as his listeners have come to expect, with a variety of genres here from his signature story-telling ("Swimming Hole") to a beautiful love song ("You Came to Me") to personal responses to those who would judge ("God Knows I Tried," "I Chose," and my favorite "Who Would Jesus Love").  There's even a dance remix version of "Don't Tell Me Who To Love," which I predict may become the best known song from this recording.  This collection is brave, yet humble and tender.  A great collection of songs that challenge judgment and condemnation.
If you like wind chimes, this is the CD for you. I do like wind chimes, so I enjoy playing this as background music while I'm cooking. Interesting to listen to the patterns of chimes overlap and resonate. Just don't expect this CD to do anything else.
The sound of the chimes is nice although there are some birds in the background, which will annoy some people.  I didn't find the birds too distracting (and I am one of those people who find the sound of birds chirping very annoying).  If you want a track of wind chimes this is a nice start.  I would also recommend Rain With Wind Chimes - Ambient Soundscape by Mind Amend.  The combination is nice, although there is a pattern to the chimes (which I didn't mind).
I'm a mantra junkie.  This one is worth more than I paid for.  99 cents for an hour of relaxation.  Put me in euphoric state afterward.  I use it for my daily yoga and tai chi.
Not as good as session II, but still great. If you enjoy &#34;soaking&#34; with the Lord you can't go wrong with the Riveras. Very anointed.
I have really been blessed by Kimberly and Alberto Rivera's music. If you enjoy thier style then you will love thier Generations project.
I understand they do this music in airports. Some things are too holy for public views. This world tries to show that Christians are crazy. Who cares what they think, but they need to be careful that isn't happening that &#34;the heathens mock Your holy name because of us.&#34;Recently I attended a service at an Apostolic church, and while much can be said about that experience, I do say that their rules banning cell phones, ipods, computers, etc, in the service is absolutely correct, because once those doors close, the people enter into the presence of God, and no outside interference should be allowed. I've also attended a non-denominational church with about 2800 in attendance. It is a usual happening that people come in late, disturb the entire row during worship, and start visiting and talking and looking at iPod photos, and so on, to the distraction of people trying to worship.Having said that, Live Soaking Sessions seems as if it should be secluded, beyond public view. God bless Kim and Alberto. May they hear Him clearly.
This CD sounds like it is very relaxing and soothing. I recommend it to all piano lovers. It is great.
Wanted to purchase Porclain (also by Helen Jane Long) which I often hear on Pandora & which I have on my ipad.  Since it wasn't available on Android, I purchased Embers. It's nice, but its not Porclain.
Would have given 5 stars but for the packaging.  Every arrangement is beautiful, peaceful and awesome.  Highly recommend this cd.
Nice to listen to. Relaxing. Recommend to all ages . Very talented musician . Nothing much else to say.Cheers
If you like to be into the latest trend, then you might as well do us both a favour and go off now. Iron Maiden has effectively  been playing the same style since 1979 and they generally don't get slagged off in their reviews. Unlike other reviewers I'm not about to rip Stairway apart for playing classic NWOBHM metal.The UK band's debut 'No Rest : No Mercy' (1983) was produced by Paul Hodson (Hard Rain / Bob Catley) This was followed by `Bleeding Heart' (1999), 'On Hallowed Ground' (2002). Then interest in debut album began to take off and Stairway signed a deal with Retroactive Records to re-release the 'No Rest: No Mercy' album. Gigs to follow this up took place in 2005, followed by an incredible gig appearance in October 2005 at Metalfest Germany where they co-headlined with Rob Rock (USA) and Narnia (Sweden). Stairway secured slots co-headlining with Blaze Bayley (2005) and Blitzkrieg (2006) at UK festivals and released their 4th album 'The Other Side of Midnight' (2006) to rave reviews. It saw its debut Chart entry at #2 in the USA's National College Chart, and received two Nominations for Best Album and Best Group in the NMW Awards in Hollywood USA.Bringing us up to date is `Interregnum' which is released in April 2010. Reflecting the fact that this is classic eighties metal, the artwork is by Rodney Matthews who has done many of the album covers for Magnum The band comprises Graeme Leslie (lead vocals & bass), Pete Jennens (lead guitar) and Andy Edwards (drums). The album is very faith orientated in a time when Christianity seems to be under attack by political correctness. With `The Suffering Servant' being about Jesus' final night and what was to follow in `The Shadow Of The Cross'.One of my favourites is `Born To Die' with a long atmospheric start before upping tempo and riffage ensues "Born to die - yet saved to live/ Do not cry - the Saviour gives/ Born to die - yet saved to live/ Do not cry/ Hear Him calling - so surrender/ No more lonely nights for evermore".Then that galloping rhythm used by Maiden rears its head in `Ride The Wind'. Another stomper is `Enter The Light' with its apocalyptic visions that ties in nicely with the cover artwork. With a clear proclamation of faith in `The Battle's Over' is "The final war is won/  He holds the keys of Heaven/ Adorned, the wedding feast/ Is clothed in Truth Eternal/ I see the changing tide/ I see new life emerging/ I feel the breath of God/ Is come with Life Eternal".Proving that heavy metal doesn't come with an age barrier AND it isn't a passing phase, I hope that Stairway will continue to live life loud.
I heard about this band on June 2013. Found them making search in Amazon and I decided to buy this album.  Album contains popular radio songs. On July I had the privilege to meet them in Panam&aacute; during a mission trip. Just glorious! This album will impact your live through God!
It's all been said many times before, but this is a good summation of turn-of-the-century thinking about the subconscious mind. Also, this is probably unusual for Larson, because there is no spiritual orientation here. It's all secular.This was originally called The Great Within, written in 1907. The recording is very good, and the narration satisfactory. A bit pricey for an mp3, but overall well worthwhile.Good pick for, not only fans of Larson, but of Wallace Wattles, Charles Haanel, Napoleon Hill, many others.
This is Hilary's second recording to my knowledge.  Her first was outstanding.  This one is good...I haven't listened to all the songs yet.  I will buy it because I have become a fan of her music.  I recommend it.  Her first recording, "Passing By" was a 5*.  She has a wonderful voice
Rated: 3.7 Stars...Is a very good Christian Rapper and when the brother spits there's no doubt who he's talking about.1. The Freedom Intro (5 stars)2. Right Here (5 stars)3. This Is The Gospel (5 stars)4. Position Filled (5 stars)5. Free (4 stars)6. Handcuff's (3 stars)7. Freedom Spill (unrated)8. Believe It Or Not (4 stars)9. Cuz You're God (4 stars)10. Rhyme Hard (3 stars)11. Serious Business (3 stars)12. Hands High (4 stars)13. He Sets Cats Free (2 stars)14. What You Been Through (3 stars)15. The Truth [Part 3] (2 stars)16. The Freedom Appeal (unrated - this is really a spoken word outro)Overall 3.71 [Good]I listened to the album twice and some tracks 3 times. A handful of cameo's on Freedom like DJ Lady Grace, Mingo, Epinero, Phanatik and Shai Linne. At first listen D.I. was a little refreshing. In an industry that sounds largely southern; not that that's bad with their cool high energy songs it just started feeling like a lot of those beats starting sounding the same. D.I's sound may feel like some much welcomed variety. I can only describe his style as East coast underground.Problem for me is halfway through the album D.I's style started grating on me. I'd like if he changed up his style more. His lyrics are fine but It seems like every song has a line about how he use to be a beast or run the block. He doesn't dwell on it at all but it was just noticeable to me. That's nitpicking so moving one. What struck me more is not really a thing only D.I. does; for the chorus/hook he just simply raps the name of the song (with some others words of course). For his next album I think he should get some help coming up with some more interesting Hooks. Just add different ways of saying hooks and add some singers to the choruses sometimes.Speaking of next album. According to D.I. this is his third album which would explain The Truth (Part 3) as I was wondering about Parts 1 and 2 and cannot find any of his other album's on amazon and just typing in Disciple will bring up a lot of other artist works.I'd recommend D.I's album. His message is on point but for me the album is slightly lacking. D.I. is cool and i'm looking forward to seeing if his next album amazes me.
Becky's voice has impressed me immensely since I first heard her sing at Willow Creek.  This CD is somewhat different from what she does there, and reminds me a lot of Michelle Branch and Ingrid Michaelson, but she's definitely doing her own thing.  Be Thou My Vision surprised me a bit, as I've heard her sing it the traditional way a few times, and the version(s) here are much more up tempo, but after a couple of listens I really like what she's done with it.  Many of these songs hold up in quality and substance to the music of the most popular Christian artists today, and I would be surprised if she isn't a widely recognized name in Christian music in the next few years.
Becky Johnson sings on stage at Willow Creek Community Church, and has the most amazing voice. Her vocal power is unmatched even by the other amazing singers there, and she's also an excellent acoustic guitarist, so it's always a joy to see her singing "up front" even though I've never met her personally.Being at least a generation older than Becky, my favorite songs on this album may differ from others'. So far, after listening through just once, I particularly like the slower songs: Be Thou My Vision (both versions, but especially the acoustic version), Watercolor, and I Want to Know, but there isn't a weak song in the album.
I enjoy this singer/songwriter. We just discovered him. A few of the songs are repeated on Life is not a snapshot and the CD is very short.
Sara has a tremendous gift. She sings with real heart and a smooth style that will bring you to His throne. I look forward to more music in the future.
I liked that it had some familiar songs.  It is a little louder at times than traditional soaking music, but still a nice CD to have for worship and reflection time.
I was looking for an additional meditation/relaxation to use while pregnant. This is great as it has seperate meditations for each trimester. It  also has a great additional meditation that is just for general relaxation. Emily's voice is calm and pleasant.
Working is commonly expected for money among people whose common issues choose the guns and butter that turn on drones of American auto-eroticism. Taking a typical trip to the zoo as an entertainment value based on finding likenesses, the common desire for buns and gutter is pushed into a ditch of finiteness on the path that goes yonder to a solid gold toilet for flushing it all away. Any comparisons are paltry if this music bumps into A Thousand Plateaus (Bloomsbury Revelations) by Deleuze, Gilles, Guattari, Felix published by Bloomsbury Academic (2013) Paperback.
Rated: 4.2 StarsIs how this genre should be classified and this is a great entry into it. Though the album does nicely change to pop and rock at times. Add another great album to my discovery of new artists. This is my first GodFrame album and really my first every hearing of the guy and what a excellent introduction.1. Infinity [3/5]2. Jesus Christ [4/5]3. Alone [5/5]4. In Your Arms [5/5]5. You Happened [5/5]6. I'm A New Man [5/5]7. Sara's Song [4/5]8. iBreathe [5/5]9. I Can Touch the Moon [4/5]10. Open Window pt.2 [3/5]11. Not the Time to Cry [3/5]12. I Got U [4/5]13. Where U Wanna Go [5/5]14. Never Fade [5/5]15. Be My Superstar [3/5]16. Revival [5/5]Overall 4.25 [Excellent]If you're interested in the cameos you'll find DeJuan (a kid christian rapper whose truly good at it), Belinda Bube, Demonslayer (for rock fans), The Prophet, Shalanda Poe, Sonya Rucker, Sharde Ervin, Jarrett Perry and Meghan Morris.I struggled with rating a fews songs. I really had to listen to them over and over. Like Be My Superstar, Not the Time to Cry (which I had initially at 2 stars), and Sara's Song (which I didn't really the arrangement of). I think it could've been better with the lyrics and with a Female counterpart. Besides those the album excels. I certainly recommend it to Christian Rap, R&P; (Rhythm and Praise) and Pop fans.
AND SO IT IS is such a wonderful blessing of uplifting and inspirational music that has me singing along, working out on the elliptical and helping me to smile at crazy drivers on the road. He has a way of just helping me to connect to that Higher Power within me. God is So Good and I'm Saying Yes to Life are celebration of Divine Mind flowing through us. I Walk Away is a tender declaration of releasing the things that no longer serve us. I Am and God Is I Am are a double shot of affirmations. Swing Wide the Doors is another happy, positive song that has me dancing. I Fly, wow, I kept hitting the replay button today on this song. Unlike anything else on the record it reminds me of progressive rock composition. Rise Little Spirit is the reason why I didn't give this record 5 stars. It isn't because it is a &#34;bad&#34; song. The message itself is pretty uplifting. The challenge is not singing Kenny Roger's &#34;The Gambler&#34; when playing this song. Standing in the Presence closes the album nicely with a reflective, worshipful message. Eddie Watkins, Jr is quickly becoming my favorite spiritual and inspirational artist.
Very peaceful to listen to. Reminds me of the time that I spent on the beach. I would recommend it.
when I cannot sleep, I put on my head phones and just relax listening to the ocean and the rain.
I use it at night as a sleeping aid and it's been quite helpful. The sounds remind me of my own visits to the ocean shore.
Street noise makes it hard to get a good sleep without waking up. I downloaded this MP3 and am happy with results. The sound quality is very good. I feel into a deep sleep the other night for the first time in a while.Ocean waves mixed with wind and rain drowned out the street noise and was calming. If you can't leave by the ocean this could be an affordable sleep aid.
The album opens with a fast driving song, Almost Missed This Moment, which has similarities to the Foo Fighters or the Goo Goo Dolls and recaptures this sound near the middle with song 7.  The title track, Blink, gets a lot of airplay on K-Love and Air 1, and is very solid and balanced.  Song 6, Hold on Love, is a bit slower. Love Found Me will have you singing "yea, yea, love found me" as it is catchy.  We Were Meant to Be is very heartfelt and well written.  The closing song, Welcome to Eternity, is simple and slower and will make you contemplate the words.Overall this is a good album with variety in pace and heart-felt lyrics.  If you've heard the song, Blink and like it, you will enjoy the rest of the album.  A few songs could definately be cross over to adult alternative rock or modern rock, so this may be a great way to introduce new listeners to Christian music.
If you're a worshiper and need to set an atmosphere with an instrumental sound, this one is great. Even though it's just instrumentation, you can tell that it's worship...no vocals are needed. If you listen long enough, you'll start making up your own lyric to the songs.
I found Mark Robins' album "The Broken" while checking out music by Robin Mark (who is a Celtic worship Christian artist and easily worth 5 *****'s).  Mark Robins, however, has the laid back easy folk/rock sound popular today.  Composed of simple melodies and progressions - nothing we haven't heard before - but relaxing and certainly worth putting in the rotation.  I see it as satisfying listening for people who may like any worship style.  It's one of those albums that will either grow on you, or tire of easily.  As I type, I find myself tapping/typing happily to one of the best compositions based on Psalm 23 that I think I've ever heard.  Listen to the sample bits available, and you'll probably hit the purchase button just like I did.
Json to me has been one of those Christian rappers that has never really made it huge in the industry.  This is another solid album from him.