This is a wonderful album of Psalms and canticles sung mainly in English (some hymns are in Latin) with very sparse musical accompaniment. It is incredibly beautiful. Highly, highly recommended.
This is the first album I ever got to listen to & was hooked from the very first song. Amazing.
I am so glad I took a chance on this album. It is wonderful diverse selection of tracks to use during shamanic type journeying, meditations.  each one stands on its own merits.  Is like having a library of  quality options all in one package.
I could listen to this for hours without stopping. In fact, I have been. Wonderful meditative and joyful. Good sound qualiry
You certainly can't doubt the passion of these cadets. With songs from the classic Battle Hymn of the Republic and modern hits like the title song I Believe I Can Fly this album has a wide variety of music. These cadets sing their hearts out. If you're looking for a good patriotic album that's inspiring this is a great choice. The cadets have a youth choir feel which always brings back fond memories of the days in glee club.  Check it out and if you like this one try this also by the Air Force Academy: Fireworks For Brass And Organ.
I was introduced to the first track, The Lord's Prayer, while browsing another site, and the beauty of that song has me awestruck.  Most of us know "The Lord's Prayer" from The Bible, but to hear it sang in Jesus' native language makes it truly a divine experience.The ENTIRE album is a treasure, and it's aptly named.
One of the best compositions from Raja so far, listened to Thiruvasakam so many times, but in symphony, no words to explain
I have no words to praise the maestro. Simply amazing? Excellent album? Wonderful composition? What to say? Nothing would summarize...
I enjoyed almost every track on the album. It's especially great for when you're at work or doing something that requires concentration. There's something about the way it sounds.
Excellent for Worship. We do not have a piano player and this has been a huge help. Easy to download.
I had listened to this cd years ago. I now bought it to share with a friend who is recovering from a massive stroke. It is a wonderful recording of His great love and healing.
I grew up close to a carmelite monastery in the 1960s in the lonely mountain.  Never forget those powerful peacefull bell ringing and then the chants started.  Ican hear it through the windows of the chapel even from far distances.I have been looking for something like those chants for 30 years now in the usa and this is it!!!! Buy this CD, close your roomm or doors,kick back or lay back, turn off the lights and listen to it, with a subwoofer if you have one....and you can almost feel peaceful force entering into the room and the heart....a reality check who we are....dust...Awesome experience , listen to it if you seek peace in your life...
I am looking to buy soundtracks from this cd named Christine D'Clario.. Can someone direct me to the right place?
I KNEW STEVE WHEN HE WAS YOUNGER. HE COULD SING EVEN AS A CHILD AND IT HAS ONLY GOTTEN BETTER WITH AGE.
I have every worship CD Calvary Chapel Merritt Island's recorded.  They are wonderful in my opinion.  Mary Barrett was the worship leader until 2009 when she moved to Heaven.  Her music as well as the Live Worship CD's which she leads, leave you feeling blessed and cleansed spiritually.  I would recommend all of them.  One thing that makes the live CD's so wonderful is that they mic the congregation so you really get an awesome worship experience.  I was fortunate enough to be present when they were recorded and I didn't even know they were recording at the time.  You'll be equally blessed in this purchase!
Saw Mary at our women's retreat years ago, purchased this cd, played it ALL the time, kids memorized it, LOVE it. All wonderful Calvary renditions. So great. Misplaced cd, still sing songs to myself all the time, so glad to have found this on here!Truth of scripture sung out for the world to hear!
This is a great EP. Reminds me of haste the day with explosions in the sky influence. I hope they release more stuff
I discovered Mary Barret when trying to search for the best version of "Be Still My Soul".  After listening to over 50 different versions I chose my three favorites which were Mary Barret's, Mahalia Jackson's, and Michael O'Brian's version.  I really appreciate  her approach which is delicate and authentic.
The words on this cd's is wonderful(of course the music too). I buy music most frequently for inspiration of the wording. I bought another performers cd with the song,&#34;Name Above All Names&#34;. Both arrangements are equally inspiring. We know JESUS IS COMING!!!
I first heard this cd years ago in the early 80's (it was a cassette then). I have never heard another cd to rival this one. His "Horn" and lyrics are truly prophetic, once you listen to this you will have to have it. This music is "for a time such as this." So inspiring, it will make you want to get up and go do what you can!
I remember these songs when I got saved over 30 years ago... It was wonderful finding this NEW CD.  The shipping and quality of the CD was excellent.  And... Amazon... you are truly amazing... Thank you.
This was my very first MP3 download.It went smoothly and excellent.Even though this was made in 1983,It's still timely for today.I consider this one of Chuck Girards best works.The song Name Above All Names is an awesome song.Soldiers Of the Lion paints a very clear picture of Christian warfare.the song Kingdom Come is what we should all be doing.JESUS IS LORD &  JESUS LOVE RULES !!!!
I love everything about the CD, artist, songs etc.  For Christians it has a very powerful message as it is based on prophecy and each song is very impacting!.
This volume is ageless and inspirational.Some of His best praise that will take you to Heaven!Praise the Lord that it is still available!
This is one of Chuck Girard's greatest Worship CD.  Chuck Girard was one of the first performers during the Jesus Movement.  He definitely has a heart for God.  This is one of his finest works.  The title tune &#34;Name above all Names&#34; is accompanied by Phil Driscoll on his trumpet.  What a dynamic song as every one on this CD
A unique and hard to find tape that amazon carries. One of his best. I look forward to listening to this music once again
This is the only Christian CD I give as gifts. Every song has the Love and Power of Jesus in it! I heard it for the first time about a year ago and I am moved spiritually every time I listen to it.  I send it with Get-Well Cards.
He sings the power and Joy of our Lord.  It sits in my car and same as Voice of the windwe played it for hours.  the latter being his Love and calling to all of us.Thos who love God, find this strengthening and enjoyabelSpecial song that other &#34;prick up their ears&#34; is  TALK TO ME  shalom  Roger
Originally hand this on vinyl , it got lost during moving ...This is one of my favorite albums ,at the time this was produced none of the current &#34;Christian&#34; record labels were willing to support Chuck with this project ,so He used his own money and produced this album Himself.....It was a big success which left all the big time &#34;Christian&#34; labels ,running to catch up.....I was blessed to meet Chuck once at a worship conference just after this record came out....You should have this record in your collection !!!!
This album has Praise music with powerful messages from God to the Church. "Blessed Be The Name Of My Rock" a great upbeat song to prepare The Church for battle. "The Name Above All Names" causes the listener to be in an attitude of Praise and Worship to the Kind of Kings. A wonderful, moving album.
I bought this CD in 1994 in Virginia Beach, I was looking for something relaxing to listen to on the plane trip home. This is one of the most amazing collections of guitar music I've ever heard, and I've purchased it again twice since.  The music is very visual and you can feel the tone and emotion in the harmonies.  Sounds amazing on a stereo, but I absolutely recommend you listen on headphones!I love this CD.  TEN STARS.
Since all the previous reviews have been five-stars, and Mr Mezzick's review from last year is very ample, all I wish to add is my strong agreement that this is an outstanding performance of an important repertoire.
This is a relaxing, mellow album, that I was led to, strangely enough, via a website for Geico that featured the lead track Homecoming Weekend in a Small Town.The album doesn't get heavy play on my iTunes but I return to it enough.  I have learned that it is was a solo project, and debut, by John Wu who seems to have given up on music, which is a shame.
I use this to lead music at our church since we do not have a piano player. The tracks are professionally done and the price is very affordable.
This is some very uplifting music. Church is now using some of the songs to transition from one worship service to another since we have two. I play this CD constantly. I love it. It sounds really good on the Big Jambox. I definitely would recommend it.
I am impressed by the selections on the album as well as the amazing performances. I really love the many different jazz styles and composers reflected on this album and appreciate that this CD goes beyond the typical collection of jazz standards. My favorites are "Horn of Puente" and "Mueva Los Huesos." Definitely a great addition to your music collection and one you will listen to over and over again in the future.
Wow what can I say Amazon has the Greatest music thank you and great price also my oh my even on my iPhone so can take everywhere
Absolutely beautiful music. Very uplifting!
I was there. 1974-75 and what a time for "Christian" music. The "Jesus Movement" was a mix of good and bad. It was shallow, and really just another form of rebellion against the "establishment". But, one of the positive side effects of the movement was the music. That music is responsible for the sustained growth of Contemporary Christian music, right on up to the present. This and the album "Fool's Wisdom" are the main offerings of Malcolm and Alwyn to the genre. Both albums are classics and worth owning. I being digital, love getting old and hard to find tunes on Amazon's MP3 service.I still listen to christian music (but the harder stuff, not CCM) and enjoy it. But many artist today do not have the depth of faith the pioneers did. These days in many quarters any music that is not explicit in violent and sexual content is called "christian". M&A; and others like them were christian music because that proclaimed the gospel of Christ. If you like folk rock (think Simon and Gar) then you will enjoy Malcolm and Alwyn.
This album and the others Lindsey has out are anointed and amazing! Such a gifted lady that God has used in my church and now as the Lord takes her places i pray for those whose experience her music will be extremely blessed!
I love all the songs on this cd.  I actually have a signed originally from Lindsay from when I worked with her years ago.  Great young lady with a heart for God!  Beautiful God is my favorite, touches my heart every time.  I never get tired of it.  Even my 5 year old daughter loves these songs and knows the words. I recommend it.
I love this cd!! It has some of the best written songs that I have heard in a long time!!
This album may be several years old but it is amazing!  Life Changes is my personal favorite, being about how life's changes can all be handled easily if you turn them over to God.  Windows and Doors is about how just because what you thought you wanted is not available to you one way doesn't mean that God doesn't have another path in mind for you.  I was hooked in one listen and you will be, too!
I agree with the other reviewer that Keith is one of the best kept secrets in music.  Hopefully that will change soon because his guitar playing and songs are simply amazing.  Every song is beautiful.  The original songs are breathtaking and the arrangements are fresh and easy to listen to.  The guitar work is simply incredible - I hope he gets the recognition he deserves.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Keith Cooper has to be one of the best kept secrets in music. If you like hearing great guitar music then you will love this CD. He plays in church settings mostly due to his faith. I have seen him in concert twice. I have always followed guitarist, playing guitar myself. I liked Kottke, Hedges, Andy Mckee,Stevie Ray Vaughn, Roy Buchanon, Van Halen, Satriani, etc. Kieth has to rank as one of the best, most original guitarist I have ever seen. Don't be fooled because it is "Christian music". If you ever have the chance to see him in concert your jaw will hit the floor as mine did. His combination of hammerons, tapping, and percussive techniques are awesome. Don't go expecting a guy to sit and play "Chet Atkins music". I promise you if you play guitar he will blow your mind. He has a website you can check out. He has some great fingerstyle tunes on here then smokes you with scale runs on another tune. The percussion and arrangements are a nice touch also. I also bought his Christmas CD which is also great(being that I love guitar).
Jollee Abraham has a gifted voice and I have enjoyed hearing most of the Christian songs he has sung. This is one of his very best collection.
good tracks with drums and not just the keyboard. love em! I use them for church worship, they don't sound too traditional so they are not dull at all!
We met young Bryant a few years ago when he was demonstrating his profound piano abilities at the NE Mall. Not wanting to seem rude to the young pianist, we purchased this CD on a whim.  When Christmas rolled around a few months later, I dug the CD out and gave it some play time. Oh My Goodness! I didn't know what I was missing! Ricardo and Bryant's command of the piano was so moving, none of my other Christmas CDs got a turn. Unfortunately, some how over the years the CD has come up missing (probably left it at one of the family's house during holiday gatherings); leaving me frantically looking for another copy. In my opinion, no other Christmas music even comes close to this one.  There is no singing; all songs are performed on the piano and it is just amazing! I didn't see it offered on Amazon last year and on a fluke I did a search for it again yesterday and there it was! Thank you; Thank you, Amazon! I couldn't hit the 'buy' button fast enough! Even though Christmas has passed, I had to listen to it again and you know what?  It is still my most favorite Christmas CD (now .mp3!)  I am looking forward to Christmas again!
Great meditation music. Great selections of songs. I recommend this to be used for that special quiet time of reflection of the day.
I love this artist sound and voice. The first song got me to listen into other songs he made. I know he is singing about God but don't know all the lyrics
Kudos to The Carolina Chm Chorale and Timothy Koch for recording these three works. The first two works are engaging, witty, and accessible works for a cappella Chorus and soloists. 'Presidential Suite' by Jack Gottlieb is based on words by famous presidents (e.g. 'Ask not' by JFK) and is fine choral writing. 'A Medieval Bestiary, for chorus' by R. Murray Schafer describes the various creatures of the jungle and of mythology and uses solo voices in tandem with the chorus to bring each animal alive.But the important work on this recording is the exquisite Madrigal Fable for Chorus, 10 dancers and 9 instruments - THE UNICORN, THE GORGON AND THE MANTICORE composed by Gian Carlo Menotti. This wondrous work tells the story of a strange man in a castle 'who doesn't even go to church on Sundays' and who parades his various 'beasts' of the title through the town on three consecutive Sundays. The prince of the village, egged on by his envious wife, mimics the strange man, procuring the odd beasts, and the envy of the unknown eventually drives the village to accept the fact that the strange man is simply a poet.The work is written as a ballet/mime and has had intermittent festival performances. It is a beautiful story, with Menotti's finest choral writing, and interspersed with the madrigal narrative are instrumental interludes for nine instruments that are likewise some of Menotti's best chamber writing. The visual aspects of this work greatly enhance the appreciation of the superb piece, but this performance conducted by Timothy Koch is very fine. This is a lesser-known work that would be a welcome addition to those who love choral music and modern interpretations of the art of madrigal singing. Highly recommended. Grady Harp, September 05
Transforming  carries one away to Pure Lands  I highly recommend this beautiful music to everyone.  A must for any practitioner
Beautiful - traditional bluegrass gospel! A must have. I've just seen them in person, and they are still as good as the CD/MP3 download.
Randall Thompson is a great choral composer.  He writes accessible music that medium level choirs can master with suitable practice.  Thompson writes great, unique harmonies that one wants to hear again and again.  The choir and the piano here are excellent.  The choir's blend is exact and the intonation is excellent.  I highly recommend this album.
When I was a child, my sister sang in a choir competition in my state.  This is the music they sang.  We obtained an LP vinyl record recording of the performance, and I literally wore out the vinyl listening over and over to it.  Years later I was thrilled to find this CD.  The chorus is perfection.  The music is so inspiring.  Give this one a listen.  If you love choir music, this is top notch.
An ethereal, transcendent sacred work, flawlessly interpreted and performed. A good listening choice for those days when the world is too much with you.
The Tallis Scolars' recording of Alegri's Miserere is clear and riveting and should inspire the next genius musician or theologian. It was a strong, faithful companion during Holy Week this year and one that will be with me all year. Hats off to Head Butler Jesse Kornbluth for a timely recommendation.
These are two of the finest things in the entire Western vocal repertoire. They fairly soar and take the listener along. The Tallis Scholars never fail to delight and amaze.
I love the Perry's. Have had the pleasure of seeing them in person many times. This is one of my favorite.
Always love the Lewis Family.  This is one of their CDs that I didn't have in my collection.  Would recommend it to anyone who loves bluegrass Gospel music
Beautiful.  I've had the recording for several weeks now and have played it at least once a week and find it that the Tallis Scholars make beautiful masterpieces.
I just listened to all the professional covers I could find of "Wondering Where the Lions Are" on yt and loved the variety. I'm a big fan of Cockburn's music from way back; even when I don't agree with the politics, he always serves up good food for thought. This album is a an excellent selection of Bruce's greats very well done. Play all the samples and see if you can't appreciate this tribute too. For under $7, it's a great deal.
I love southern Gospel music and this is one of the best abums, Keep up the good work. Thank you.
God will speak to your heart through this wonderful line up of songs. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
Larry McCullough & Chosen Generation is one of the most anointed groups I have heard in a long time. The song "Holy & Righteous" is blessing so many churches during the worship services. So many praise teams and choirs are singing this song. It provokes me to worship and praise God!!!
This is a group that truly represents the standard of excellence that God is calling for His children to have.  If you haven't seen or heard of "Chosen", get to Greenville, SC and check them out!  You will be blessed!  Holy & Righteous is a powerful and anointed song!  Call your radio stations and request this awesome song today! I love you family!
this is a awsome album i borrowed it from my friend and loved it .goodchristain man!
If you like Gospel music you will LOVE this album. The groups harmony is excellent and the songs will touch your heart. I would reccommend this album to anyone.
I use the song "Look for me at Jesus feet" in my husbands funeral, not an eye in the church was dry
Everything is fine with this al um.  If you are a Hymn lover you will love it with out any doubt!I enjoy listening these hymns every morning.
Great arrangement of music! Had the pleasure of meeting Brian Free & Assurance on a couple different occasions, strong believers in Christ! Brian presents the Gospel very clearly at each of their concerts, encourage others to support artist like Brian as they spread the Gospel through music & testimony.
Just can't seem to get enough Easter Brothers! If you love blue grass Gospel, this one's for you - can't go wrong.
Great music harmony with cord changes in acappella setting.  Receive many blessings in listening pleasure.  God has truly blessed the singers with a talent.
I think this album is awesome! It takes classic songs that stir the soul and adds a refreshing a cappella twist that will blow you away! I loved this album!
I first heard his music on Pandora. There are so many great songs on this album glorifying our Lord Jesus. I had to support and buy for myself.
I enjoy this album.  Issues are brought up, and encouragement is given.  He has a great and expressive musical voice.  I enjoy listening to this when I want encouragement.
I love this CD - it is worth everyone hearing the message in the song &#34;Start Something&#34;.  He is an amazing, talented musician and Christian - who truly gets the message of the inclusiveness of Christ for everyone!
Heather has the voice of an angel. It is a real testament to God's faithfulness.
Katie's voice is phenomenal.  The very first time I heard her begin to sing, I was hooked.I bought her album and fell in love with every song.
"Tattva" in Sanskrit essentially translates into "principle" or a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning.For ten years I have been taking regular swims in the Divine melodies contained in this album by His Holiness Sri Ganapathy Sachchidananda Swamiji, Avadhuta Datta Peetham, India. The first four bhajans are sung in the beautiful Telugu language.Beginning with a mesmerizing Ganesh bhajan, all obstacles are removed so that "Datta Tattva" or principle of the Trinity Incarnate, Lord Dattatreya can easily be inculcated through the powerful seed letters contained in the next three bhajans.The final song "Bhagavati Tavaka Charanam" is Sri Swamiji singing Adi Shankara stotras on Mother Goddess in Sanskrit language. Its unique rhythm with Sri Swamiji's sonorous voice lulls me into a state of ecstasy each and every time and is a fitting conclusion to this all encompassing album.This album is a must for those seeking salvation in this tumultuous Ocean of Life.I have listened to it hundreds of times and it does not get old.Each time is a refreshing breeze of Infinite Love.Lyrics are available online at sgsbhajan.appspot.com/ or yogasangeeta.orgJaya Guru Datta
Malcolm & Alwyn / Fool's Wisdom:  Excellent harmonies accompanied by Autoharp, guitars, keyboards, bass and drums.  This was one of the great albums to come out of the Jesus Movement during the 1970's.  Five StarsFootstep Recordings did release a CD of this album years ago, I do not know about its current availability (or lack thereof).
Leaving behind childish ways of smoke and haze from "mind altering experiences", embracing new spiritual truths, this was the soundtrack to a brand new life style as well as a landmark album from 1973 for the Myrrh label (MST-6518). Liverpool's Malcolm Wild and Alwyn Wall's debut album on this side of the Atlantic was received with open arms as a Christian's solution to replacing the slick secular sounds of Simon & Garfunkel, The Beatles and Bob Dylan. Malcolm and Alwyn filled that void for seekers still desiring quality music only with a positive message. These songs had meaning and substance! The ideas come straight out of the Bible stories many heard as youngsters in Sunday School while other songs such as "Tomorrow's News" cast a modern interpretation of the scriptures of the Book of Revelation, the Old Testament prophecies of Daniel and the literal view of the day the Lord returns for His followers and meets them in the air; more commonly known as The Rapture.The 70's are alive and well on this MP3 download as my original vinyl disc is shot! One might describe some of the ballads as sounding a bit like Simon and Garfunkel if they had spent a year touring in Great Britain. Even though 39 years have passed since I first spun this disc as a born-again radio disc jockey, the music is just as slick, today. The message is a lot simpler to understand on this record as the early days of Contemporary Christian or Jesus Music were primarily a gospel outreach aimed at the conversion of lost souls whereas today's Christian music is designed primarily for its entertainment value. Now, if I could only fit into my old bell-bottom blue jeans...
wonderful CD....  enjoying it very much.. very soothing after a long day.... it is smooth and easy to listen to.
Rashid Khan is perhaps the most accomplished practitioner of Hindustani Classical music currently living and at the peak of his art form! And this CD is as awesome a sampling of his work as you're likely to find anywhere.
Momentos maravillosos de Adoracion Se siente una uncion especial durante los momentos de oracion con esta musica de fondo.  Disfrutala.  Tiene una uncion especial del Espiritu Santo especialmente el Numero 6 "Ven Espiritu Ven"
Don Francisco is a delight. I love him more for the message of his songs than the music, although I enjoy his vice and guitar very much. Anyone who is familiar with Don Francisco knows what I am saying.
This is a powerful work. Don has always demonstrated an anointing to put the emotion back into a story that has become &#34;tired&#34; because of its often retelling. His ability to bring the listener the emotion of a Bible story is nothing short of divinely gifted.
This album of instrumental jazz saxophone arrangements of Christmas classics is a perennial favorite in our household. I don't know I ended up with it - I play sax, so it is likely that a family member bought it at a Christian bookstore or something and gave it to me as a Christmas gift - the lack of reviews and ratings here tells me that it has slipped under the radar of most people. But let me be the first to say (on Amazon anyway) that if you love jazz sax and Christmas music, you can't go wrong with this album. My only complaint is that it's relatively short! Some of the arrangements may begin to sound a bit dated (e.g. synth sounds and programming that hearken to the 90s) but the sax playing is outstanding and it's just a really nice, enjoyable listen. Give it a chance. As far as this genre goes, it is up there with the Brentwood Jazz quartet's phenomenal Christmas album with Sam Levine on sax. Great stuff.
degarmo & key. are one of my faverets and it helps to complet my song list. of all my D & K > MUSIC. curtis
If you're looking for '80s Christian blues/rock/pop, this is your album.  Admittedly, there's some nostalgia going on here, but I think the "sound" held up over time and represents the genre well.  The lyrics are as poignant as ever on Competition, Apathy Alert, and Casual Christian.  Dana Key's smooth, blues lead vocal and guitar are at their best.  Love it!
The distinctive sound and voices of this group are a pleasure to listen to and the message is undeniable as ever.
The tracks are delightful.  I have other singing Nun albums and this is the best.  The soundtrack from the movie is also very good.
Being a lover of classic rock, Marshall amps and Hammond B-3 organ, I consider this to be Degarmo and Key's best album by far.  The sound is great and the message is incredibly positive.  When this album first hit the store shelves in 1987, the cassette tape versions were bundled together into a "buy one get one free" deal and people who bought it were encouraged to give a free copy to a friend.  I remember buying the tape and giving a copy to someone I knew in college.  My copy was worn out quickly, but a few years ago I picked up a first generation CD version and it gets regular playtime on my Zune now.  The music has aged well.01 - Out Of The Danger Zone - Straight ahead rocker.  Great organ and guitar overlay.02 - Under The Son - Great low end and melodic riffs.  Perfect for cranking in the car.  My personal favorite song on the album.03 - Rock Solid - Starts out as a jam built around a single guitar riff, building with successive instruments coming in.  When the keyboards kick in during a tag after a minute long intro, the song goes stratospheric.04 -  Teenage Suicide - Somber and melodic, a sensitive and soulful treatment of the subject that begins as a lament and ends offering hope.05 - Strength Of Love - Progressive for it's time, begins with an upbeat "contemporary" drum loop that develops into a tasteful groove, with a crescendo chorus.06 - Brother Against Brother - Slower in tempo but keeps pace with the Marshall and B-3 sounds of the rest of the album. A lament against Christian in-fighting.07 - War With The World - Beginning with some down and dirty B-3 organ, this cut easily has the most aggressive riffs on the album.  Another song perfect for cranking in the car.  My second favorite tune here.08 - Stand - An anthem that is relatively sparse musically compared with the rest of the album.09 - Radical - Fast tempo and keyboard driven, this song strikes me as the most then-contemporary, radio-friendly song.10 - When The Son Begins To Reign - The song that actually received the most airplay at the time, a sparse anthem carried mostly by bass and pads.
If you aren't familiar with the first album you should definitely check this out. This is a cooperative project done with the national association of musical education. If you have any nephews or grand-kids that you want to share your love of military music with this is the album for you. Along with the first Liberty for All album, these discs educate while they entertain. They mix the music of history with interesting images and narrative. This is a good one for those who are looking for a different kind a album or for any young person who loves history.
I downloaded Quiet Moments to use during prayer and meditation.  I find the music inspiring and helps with focusing my heart and soul.
One of the best CDs I've ever heard, we use this in our prayer time at church.I would definitely recommend the CD to anyone.
This CD has provided many beautiful quiet moments of worship and makes a wonderful soft background for studying the Word of God, or just to have playing in the background while performing other tasks.  It's very peaceful.
We bought this to play in our 2 year old triplets room at night and they sleep so well with it! Great purchase!
Absolutely wonderful!  Quiet and spiritual music to do my daily meditations to is just what I needed and got. I love it.
While looking for some of the old CD's by Dino and Maranatha! Praise, I stumbled across this album.  After listening to the excerpts, I added this to my collection.  After a few listens, I added this to the playlist on my MP3 player and the USB stick I use in the car.  I play it in background while working on the computer or while relaxing, meditating, or reading.
This album is the most beautiful, relaxing music I have in my library. I especially like number 4 and number 11. I listen to it in the car every where I go and at home when I need to relax. I'd like to find more albums like this one.
Another fine musical mood setter. I can listen to this cd over and over and not get bored of it. It really relaxes me before bed. I Highly recommend it...
This cd has proven to be my favorite cd for "quiet" times or times of meditation on GOD.  I look forward to purchasing his new cd Renewal very soon.
Music calms me, and brings me joy. This cd is a perfect background for my Bible study time, and driving and at bedtime, you name it.
This CD is no doubt an excellent choice for anyone who wants to hear beautiful worship music and enter into a wonderful time of peace and rest. I could listen over and over again.
This is simply an awesome set of church hymns arranged and performed to perfection.  Hopefully it will find its way onto a CD release one day
A fabulous compilation of Greenhaw Records' Grammy Award-Winning artists presented as a gift of love to a Methodist children's home for needy kids, the cuts here are inspired and heaven- sent. Your heart will swell as your ears rejoice in gospel classics and soon-to-be classics performed by some of the world's greatest artists. Grammy winners Art Greenhaw, The Jordanaires, The Light Crust Doughboys and James Blackwood show you why they're the torch carriers of country and southern gospel. Most of these songs carry an uplifting, "power" message to kids. "Dare to Be Brave", "Keep Your Eyes on the Prize". A stunning, essential introduction to the gospel catalog of Greenhaw Records, one of the most award-winning and influential indie labels in the history of the Grammy field of Gospel. Also search out on Amazon more classic albums by this team such as "Southern Meets Soul", "20th Century Gospel" and "We Called Him Mr. Gospel Music."
Shirley Caesar is truly a blessed and anointed woman of God, I have been a fan of hers for many years and I hope to one day meet her in person. She is very inspirational and I love all her music.
It was the middle of the 80s, and Christian rock (as well as White Heart) was still fairly young.  White Heart would prove, along with Larry Norman, why should the devil have all the good music?  With this release, they proved that he didn't and still doesn't.  This piece of Christian rock history is great stuff, even after all these years.
High quality album of the mid 80's! Upgraded from my vinyl . Highly recommended for any collection regardless of genre.
I really enjoyed this CD. Great music and a voice that's incredible. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes Jazz or Gospel music.
I saw Jon play recently a couple of times, once at House of Blues and then a couple weeks ago at The Mint when he was leading the band for Amber Stevens...that girl that stars on "Greek." Jon is really going places, and now he's on Amazon. Coolness. I found both the Wake Up Call songs today and a video at YouTube, so I'm in heaven! Thanks for the music Jon!
Nobody else is willing to stick their neck out to bring you the kind of honest appraisal of the comedy industry than this CD. Judge for yourself.
I never tire of hearing these fantastic harmonies and songs. The Sea Chanters are truly an amazing ensemble and their performances are always so precise and energetic. I love the Sea Chantey medley and the beauty of Three Poems by Emily Dickinson. This is a must for anyone who loves choral music.
Mark Heard left our earth to be with  his father in heaven in 1992. It was definitly too soon. Thankfully, he left a plethora of his music for us to enjoy. While Mark was still alive, I got ahold of this album on cassette. I wore it out. In my opinion, Mark's best work was when it was just him and an acoustic guitar. The Acoustic album captures his best acoustic performances on one compilation. They are all standout performances but I found myself really liking the track called Well Worn Pages. It is a story about an elderly man that has lived his life and has seen things come and go. The only constant in his life is his bible. It helped to keep his faith alive and strong. Most Mark Heard fans love his later work but there is something about these tunes that just grab ahold of me and I can't let go of them. I searched for years to find this on CD so I am so glad it is now available digitally. I highly recommend everyone to let their ears listen to the soothing acoustic style of Mark Heard on Acoustic.
kitty has a beautiful voice and she uses it to sing from the heart to the glory of God. I have purchased all her available music and love it all.
I absolutely love the music Marty Haugen sings,writes, and arranges.  It is so nice to be able to sing the same music we hear in the Catholic Mass at home or while I'm driving!  I'm finally actually learning the songs!  It so wonderful.  I want to get his wedding album someday when I get married.
If you have never attended a live performance by Livingston Taylor, Snapshot gives you an idea of just how extraordinary is this event. It will make you go to the Internet to find out when you can encounter the fun and amazement of just how wonderful an evening with this great artist can be.
I first heard this music 40 years ago. I can remember how it made me feel then, and it's still the same today. It brings tears to my eyes as it ushers me into the very presence of God in the Holy of Holies, of my spirit in the heavenlies. Truly Songs from the Inner Court of Heaven.
I ' VE FIRST EXPERIENCED LISTENING AT THIS GROUP AT AN CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA , SPONSERED BY BROTHER OLLIE COLLINS JR . . I LOVE THE SONG &#34; WILL THE  CIRCLE BE UNBROKEN &#34; BECAUSE OF THE REMEMBERANCE  AND SIMILARITIES OF MY GRAND MOTHER WHOM DIED [ ( ELIZA BROWN  - 1963 WESTCOTT CHS ) - (  AT REST CEMATARY  COLLENTON COUNTY - ^ )  ] AND THE CARE GIVEN BY MY AUNT ETHEL  [ ( ERNESTINE ) ( STI ) ] WILLIAMS AND DEACON WILLIE WILLIAMS OF SAINT MATTHEWS BAPTIST CHURCH . BEFORE HER DEATH ! SONG COULD BOTHER SOME INDIVIDUALS , HOWEVER , ENJOYED MELODY,AND IS MY FAVORITE SONG !  I ' VE FELT AN COOL BREEZE WHEN TRIED SINGING SONG AT WILLIAMS CEMATARY , WHILE DURING AN VISIT ! GETTING READY TO DOWNLOAD AND PLACEMENT ON MY MP - 3 !  SURPRISE GROUP DOES ' NT TOUR !
This album is a must have; it has some of the classic gospel greatest songs and artists on it. It is hard to find a good compilation album these days.  This is a great album.
I wasn't convinced that I'd like Kissinger until I read the reviews here on Amazon...and so I went onto iTunes and bought Black Water by The Doobie Brothers.  I've traveled from Chad's Gap to Indonesia and have always had Vicario (or Baby Monkey) stuck in my head.  I'd love to see them perform live at Dragon*Con with Trainwreck, Horseboy, and JuRY's Beard.
First off he throws down a song unlike any Christian artist.  I am new to the Tobymac music this year and can tell you I love it.  His sound/genre seems to change depending on the song.This is a great buy.  2 great cds for one low price.
Its Toby mac first two solo projects, way worth the money will rock your face off. great lyrics and good beats a must have
If you're ever in Buenos Aires on a Sunday, go past the silver-sprayed human statues and the septuagenarian tango ladies in fishnet stockings and find the corner where Ignacio Lopez is playing with the other third of the Trio Gotico. Watching them trade the lead back and forth, with every finger on their right hands working double time, ecstatic smiles on their faces, with the admiring crowd swaying with the tempo--is almost worth the trip to Buenos Aires. Of course, if you can't get away this week or next, downloading some tunes here is the next best thing.
Newsboys are a great group spanning several decades (though the original members have all been replaced at least once or twice)This particular album would be a great value to any new fans looking for a huge selection of remade classics and newer songs.Almost a compilation of all the new stuff.
Value is key here.  Two full-length albums for the price of one regularly priced cd.  Sanctus Real is just excellent Christian rock and has always been a favorite of mine.  Basically you are going to be getting good rock music with great passionate lyrics that are very easy to relate to and sing along to.  Buy today.
I have purchased several copies of this album for my students and friends.  It focuses on the unique sound of the Russian octavists whose voices come from somewhere way down there.  Whether voicing the depth of holy ecstasy or the rumbling enthusiasm of physical life they have to be heard to be believed.  This is a powerful disc featuring distinctive voices, beautifully diverse selections, tasteful interpretations and excellent presentation.  Doubtless, I shall be purchasing more copies!
If you like this kind of deep base, all testosterone vibratory sound (like Buddhist chant but Orthodox Christian) you'll love this.
This is a great relaxation album. I love the rich, ambient nature of Russian choral music and this has it in spades. Big, rich, drawn chords with some absolutely unbelievable basses making the most of the cathedral space.
I had known about the existence of this album thanks to some videos on YouTube. Since the album cover was posted on the video, I finally took the opportunity to buy this and listen to it. This is a purchase that I do not regret whatsoever. If one listens closely, it shows that it takes an incredible amount of skill to sing at the oktavist range - and these men prove that they are very much accomplished at this. Granted, I have the oktavist range, but no amateur can pull off the difficulty behind songs like "Do Not Reject Me in My Old Age." The basso profondo soloist in that song does it very well.Another thing that I appreciate is the fact that this music has a certain beefiness to it - which is definitely lacking in much of feminized American music these days. As much as I have a dislike for even contemporary "Christian" music these days, this album was certainly refreshing to listen to - regardless if I know Russian or not.
I can't stop listening to it.The Russian base voice is so profound that you can't hear it from any other country which makes them unique.I let a friend listen and he ca't put it down either.
If you have not heard Russian men's voices then you are missing a spine chilling experience.  I was trained to sing Russian music and singing Russian bass (below 2d bass) takes much time and patience.  This has to be heard without trying to be reviewed. Excellent
Just wanted to give folks a heads up that this looks like it is a reissue of a CD by the same name that was put out a few years ago under the Harmonia Mundi distribution system.  My copy has a separate dust cover with a grand old Russian man with a flowing white beard, holding a silver-topped staff.  The cover art of the CD itself is the picture that is shown.The info on the dust cover says "RUS 288158" and "HM 90."As far as the music goes, it is wonderful.  There's something about singing that low that really is visceral.  Just glad I checked my CDs before I ordered it again.
Hard to find collection of beautifully rendered choral works with profoundly haunting refrains. The fullness you experience in listening to the Doxology alone  will suspend you above your earthly cares as your mind moves with the voices of the choir closer to heavenly realms. Very highly recommended. Similar in flavor to the performances available by the Monks Choir of Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, which is my ultimate favorite for musical perfection in putting forward liturgical music Russian Orthodox style.
This is a drummer's dream.  Psalm Drummers is an organization that started in the UK, founded by drumming genius Terl Bryant.  Bryant and company really raise the roof on this, an all percussion praise album.  There is not a dud in the bunch.  Crank this one up, grab a drum and get your praise on!!!
I played this CD so much, I broke it!!! I am purchasing it again!!! This CD saved my life and is reviving me now!!! Kierra is such an old wise soul with a soul saving message!!!
its an amazing album and am glad i bought it... songs are so wonderfully good.. definitely worth the money and i wud've paid even more for this...
I have listed to Charlie's Music for years.  He has kept me going through some pretty rough times.  The secret of time has some great song, lyrics that reach you wherever you are, and Charlie's heart comes through every word with clear, rhythmic, heartfelt message.
Great set of oldie songs! Includes such classics as &#34;People Need the Lord&#34; & Proclaim The Glory Of The Lord. Uplifting!
it took me a couple of days to download this but it was in great condition finally it worked out very well
Its hard to describe there music. I haven't found anything quite like it but I would probably call it electronic rock. They have a lot of catchy tunes with both the original and the remixed songs. If your looking for some songs that capture their essence I would try Fearless remix, Exhibition, Searchlights. Personally I like just about everything song.
I am so happy to have found this recording. When I was young my father had this tape and I remember listening to in in the car a lot. It is so uplifting and makes me just want to sing:)
I purchased this remastered as a CD over a year ago. It was one of my favorite albums back in the 80's. This is some really awesome "early cutting edge" Christian music.My absolute favorites are the title cut "Cosmic Cowboy" and the really smooth "My King".The lyrics and the style are a little on the "Psychedelic" style that belies Barry McGuires early roots in that folksie psychedelic style. If you get past that style there is a solid message in this entire collection.I hope you open your mind and enjoy.
This is one of the best albums BM has ever recorded. He used less acoustic folk sounds and went more into a full electric band sound. The songs have great message and he used some of the best christian studio musicians of the time.
If you were into 90's Christian rap/rock/pop, Lisa was one of the best.  She had a huge mix of styles and DC Talk were regulars on her album.  I used to listen to this album a dozen times a day, and found it again on youtube and rediscovered how great all of her work is.  Great message, amazing beats, 'nuff said.  Pick this up, it is a must have for all 90s fans.
Our Church used this for a Christmas play.  It was a great rendition of Angels We Have Heard on HIgh
John Catchings is truly a master with the cello, and this collection of hymns and songs is a TREASURE!  I had the cassette tape in the 80s, but was thrilled to find that I could purchase the .mp3 versions for download and playing through my computer or iPhone.  This may be my favorite instrumental album ever!
I was thrilled to find this cd, and at a reasonable price. Even though it was used, its condition was as advertised: excellent.
My original CD was destryed many years ago and I have been looking for a replacement CD since then.  I didn't want to pay what the collectors were asking for the CD so I was delighted to find I could download this magnificent recording.  It really helps me find peace as I worship.
I heard &#34;The Painter&#34; on Christian radio around 1980 and later bought it on cassette tape. I wore it out as it helped me to &#34;be transformed by the renewing of your mind.&#34; (Romans 12:2) Now in digital audio, its qualtity of music and message is blessing me again.
This album is a musical treasure--hauntingly, almost indescribably beautiful. Lyrically, The Painter expresses what it means not only to be Christian, but to be the Church--the community of the redeemed. Both the musical and lyrical richness is expressed especially well in "Behold Now the Kingdom," a song with the potential not only delight, but to transform.
Both of them together is an extra bonus. The harmony is spot on & flawless. They definitely have God-given talent.
The Talbot Brothers music is part of my spiritual heritage.  This album has an Elizabethan quality to it with simple instrumentation using the guitar and flute primarily.  The song &#34;Create In Me A Clean Heart&#34; and &#34;Paint My Life&#34; are two of my favorites.
I owned this back in the day and loved it then and I still love it today. Glad I found it brings back memories of my youth and the love I had for the Lord Jesus Christ and my Heavenly Father.
This was my first Christian album, and I love it just as much if not more since it's been remastered!  For those of you not familiar with the Talbot Brothers, John and Terry, they were in a band called Mason Profit (? Spelling) back in the early 70's.  They are really good together and sound very much like Crosby, Stills, and Nash did on the Woodstock album.  Of course, I love their Christian music now that I have a clue.  Also, John's music is incredible as the London Philharmonic doesn't just jam with just anyone - and so many times!!!  Definitely FIVE STARS !!!
I sure enjoy his older stuff.  The guitar style is right down my alley.  I can see why the Eagles got some of their pattern from him and his brother when they were with Mason Prophet.  The Suite has such a nice transition from part to part...not a style used alot these days anymore
I have been waiting a long time to get clean digital copies of John's first two albums. They are my favorites out of all that he has recorded. This was before he mellowed out his style.
my favorite album of all time. i have given it as a gift.i is a wonderful comfort in times of crises
I love Michael Card's music and the messages he has are very well done. However, sometimes I think his lyrics seems more like prose than poetry/lyrics and his voice can get a bit annoying. But I do like his music overall.
This is my favorite Michael Card CD.  His voice is powerful, yet soothing.  He really delivers here.  The songs, for the most part, are touching and go deeply into the life and likely mindset of Jesus - who certainly was a rebel.  Although I can't list the lyrics for every song in this review - here are the lyrics for the lead song Scandalon:The seers and the prophets as foretold in long agoThat the long awaited one would make man stumbleThat they were looking for a king to conquer and to killWho'd have ever thought he'd be so meek and humble(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soulAlong the path of life there lies a stubborn scandalonAnd all who come this way must be offendedTo some He is a barrier to others He's the wayFor all should know the scandal of believing(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soulIt seems today the scandalon offends no one at allThe image we present could be stepped overCould it be that we are like the others long agoWill we ever learn that all who come must stumble(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soul
Michael Card's lyrics are a feast on this album.  It is one of those albums where every song is right on and none are second rate.
My husband and I are singing this as a special on Sunday morning in church. May shock the older crowd and wake up the younger!
Timeless christian music about relationships.  The more you listen to Bob... the more you appreciate his music.  This music was written from his heart... not to please his wallet as many other artists do these days. His older material seems to be his best I think.
On the contrary, the production for this record is amazing. It reminds me of the jazzier pop that was coming out of Southern California around the time it was released--like the stuff Kenny Loggins was putting out after Loggins & Messina but before the uber-pop of the Footloose years.I can't find liner notes for this record, but it was originally released on CBS/Columbia's (now Sony) brief foray into Christian music. It would make sense that Columbia's production sound would leak over... thankfully.The album really does sound good, even now. But as I mentioned above, it's a nostalgic sound, from a golden time in pop music. And that makes me sound my age, doesn't it?Bob's songwriting has never been the knee-jerk propaganda-based writing that has always plagued the mainstream of Christian music. Even in this second record, you can see he tries to deal with life honestly with integrity.I was very young and very zealous at the time this record came out--in fact, speaking of coming out, I was also running from myself. It's honest Christian music that I can still listen to these days. And this album is one of my long-time favorites. I bought it in 1982 and have been fond of it ever since.Tunes that I've quoted for the past nearly 30 years include: "Madness Dancing," "Mountain Cathedrals," "A Song About Baseball," and "Falling Stars," one of my all-time favorite images...
Bob Bennett's Matters of the Heart is musically sophisticated though stripped down: I don't think there are more than three instruments on any one song.  But his percussionist and acoustic bass player contributes to well executed acoustic rock anticipating Dave Matthews (unplugged) and similar artists.  This is top notch music -- if you like this style, don't pass it up.  It stands the test of time.  This is -still- good music and would be even if released for the first time tomorrow.  "A Song About Baseball" was a minor radio hit in the early 80s.
I have always liked Bob Bennett and his music, but &#34;Matters of The Heart&#34; is by far his best album. I LOVE IT!
Mr. Bennett's smooth voice and creative guitar picking make this album easy to listen to and appreciate, even though I don't necessarily buy into the dogma. It isn't overly preachy. The music is relaxing and peaceful. I especially love the hammered dulcimer on "Mountain Cathedrals".
If you are looking for something different even though it  was produces 30 yrs ago.  This is it.  Excellent choices of songs some non-traditional yet still honoring the real reason for Christmas.  If you are looking for frosty, Jolly ole St Nick or Rudolph, this is not the album for you.  I love the variety of styles from contemporary to classical.I originally bought the cassette tape yrs ago and lost it thru a couple moves.  I am so glad I could find this again.
I had this on cassette years ago and always loved it.So happy to have it again.  I would recommend to anyone.
I don't even have the words to express how excited I am to own Follow the Leader by Annie Herring. I had this on 'tape' when I was a kid. I have no idea what happened to it. I was a little kid. Practically grew up listening to Kids of the Kingdom! I looked for it, on and off, over the years- Especially, after I had my own kids. I recently found it on youtube & the comments said it was available on amazon! I immediately made the purchase. I am so excited to give this music to my kids and my nieces/nephews. It is even better than I remembered it. And I did remember it... Every. Single. Word. Great quality. Love the sound. Glad to have it on my cloud/cell phone/iPod/ and car.If you liked this one be sure to check out others by Annie Herring. Her voice is amazing and her music is timeless. Absolutely timeless!
I love this album. I have listened to it since I was little, we had it on a cassette tape that, surprisingly enough, is still intact (I think my sister has it). Anyway, I was always upset that I could never find it on CD and even more upset when I heard it was never even released in the first place on CD (I think it was released in 1978, which is probably a clue why). Even still, I never gave up hope that someone somewhere would re-release it on CD and I'd have it at long last. I finally found that I could buy it online (in digital download form) and I literally jumped up out of my seat when I saw it. I have been looking for so long, and it's been a good 15-20 years since I have heard the songs, but when I finally was able to hear the tracks on my computer, I remembered every note and every word.This album is what my husband fondly refers to as "oldschool Christian music", the music that came out before people realized that Christian music can be sung in rock, pop, punk and any other style you like. I just love it, most of the songs sound like heartfelt prayers to me and that's what I like about it.
I bought this for my wife and presented this to her for our fourteenth wedding anniversary. Jeff and Sheri Easter has been a favorite in our home all these years.
I absolutely love this CD. I think this is the best love song cd around and is my favorite of all their cds.
The songs on this recording are reverent and have touched my heart many times.  They are especially appropriate for preparing one's heart before taking communion.  The themes focus on God's mercy and His holiness.
The only way to describe this album is: simply awesome music. If you want music that will feed your soul and wrap you in God's presence, this is it. Also (incidentally), the music is fantastically good: a fusion of classic, folk,  and Christian worship music that is SO inspired. Repeat: this music is simply awesome!!!
This is an outstanding work mixing classical guitar, large choral ensemble, majestic orchestral support and overtones.  It is truly glorifying to THE LORD during the Christmas Season, but can be equally enjoyed any time of the year.  John Michael Talbot may be one of the most gifted Contemporary Christian Artists of the twentieth century, particularly since he has such an amazing ability to be diverse in multiple genres of musical arrangement, instrumentation, and the integration of the Holy Scriptures.  Obviously influenced by his roots in Franciscan Monasticism, John Michael Talbot's music is hauntingly contemplative, reaching deep into the heart and soul of the listener.  &#34;Light Eternal&#34; will always be among my most favorite Christmas Musical Celebrations of the Birth of JESUS CHRIST, IMMANUEL, KING of kings, and LORD of lords!  Bravo, John Michael, Bravo!!!
Betsy Hernandez has a beautiful, angelic voice. The songs are based on psalm verses. Very lovely music and easy to learn the songs so you can sing them to your baby or with your child. Highly recommend.
I love hearing familiar songs played on the gentle, heavenly sounding strings of the dulcimer. It is relaxing, reverent, and peaceful.
This lady is incredible, There is a good reason she is at the top, Her power, quality and spirituality comes thru the music
I had this cassette back in the 80's and loved it.  Re-discovered it again and bought it for my mp3 player.  I've played it over and over and over in the car.  Yes, some of the songs are definitively dated in the late 80's (which can be a positive or a negative -- I'm fine with it), but some of the slower more worshipful songs have not aged a bit -- the truth these songs convey hasn't aged either!  There is a variety of styles to this collection of songs -- some upbeat 80's pop, some slower adult contemporary, some gospel.  SO GLAD I went back to get these digitally for my archive!
I used to have this on vinyl many years back, stumbled across it on Amazon one day and decided to order it.  I still love Blessed Messiah.
A very beautiful collection of songs to encourage and bring peace to a troubled soul. My wife and I picked this album to learn songs to use at the time of departure for a very dear friend. Three of the songs in the album deal with what awaits those who are saved for them in Heaven. Others deal with the faithfulness of the Lord and the album also includes a arrangement of &#34;O Danny Boy&#34; which was the first violin solo I ever played back when I was a wee lad.
I wore out the cassette of Straight on and then I found This time thru on album and played that till it had no more grooves.I saw and met D and K in Tulsa a number of times in the eighties and was saddened at Dana's early departure, but man what a legacy he left.I wish some of today's christian bands would be more evangelical rather than all worship.There is a place for worship bands but we need to be singing for more than  the choir.This music pulled me in as a young christian, I didn't have to listen to wimpy ballads.
This Time Through is one of my MOST favorite albums of all time.  The sound was just what I needed after getting saved and leaving the world's music. The lyrics were very moving for me and still tug on my heart to this day. It saddens me to hear Dana has passed on, but very happy for him to finish the race he was destined to win. He was just a poor wayfaring stranger.
DeGarmo & Key's first album, and in my mind their best.  Long before they became a synth-pop band, D & K were working a mix of blues and progressive rock.  Odd time signatures (Emmanuel, Sleeper), and synth instrumentals (In the Days of Thy Youth) are mixed with acoustic ballads (Addey, Alleways of Strife) and even traditional folk songs (Wayfaring Stranger).  Christian rock was still in its infancy, and the few bands out there were willing to experiment.  D & K quickly morphed into a pop band, but this release, along with the follow up Straight On, are still great to listen to.
I've read some of the former statements on this album and I have somewhat to say about this band.  After listening to most and downloading most of there songs, including some of their solo albums.  This band is very, very talented. This album sounded to be a pinnacle of their careers.  Even if you don't (and I'm not to joyed over the fact they made some partial songs.) So what do you do? You cut them out the rest of the way and replace them with the studio version like I did. And even if you just cut them away the album is still worth the price. Dana opens with a ballad, a beautiful ballad of casual christian. (I just wish the crowd would have let him sing it solo without the clapping. Because they forced him into a straight rhythm.  I think Mr. Key would have sung it a little differently.) In other words he was saying I'm not here to be seen.  I'm here to tell you about Jesus. And they answer casual christian in Rock Solid "And He is so much better than you devil."  "Rock solid I know where I stand."  They brought the house down with this song.  Then Dana asks the major question "are you ready to see Jesus."  At most concerts you get an altar call at the end. This time you got one at the very beginning. To be honest I listen to this album everyday.  I've had it about three months.  Then followed by Soldier of Fortune and it just doesn't stop it just keeps on going. Even if you don't buy any more of their albums but this one.  This album is a history of two boys who set out to be rock stars and became Jesus stars.  Amen  They started about the time Petra came and nodoubt had a hard time.  But with time they won the hearts of everyone including me.  I've been in church for 27 yrs. I missed a their world because of the way it was in in my world.  Key's lead and Degarmo's Keyboard and both vocals make this album priceless.  Rest in peace Dana Key.  I know I'm late but I still made it.  Thank you very much.
based on their LIVE  &#34;ROCK SOLID&#34; concert , i love this one BESTEST . ROCK SOLID , yep , just as it sounds &#34; in the WORD of the LORD&#34; .
I read the other review and it was ridiculous comparing Aaron to other artists.  Number 1, artists don't have to follow what other artists do, and Aaron doesn't.  I bought this and sent it to my family and they fought over it,  I just couldn't stop playing it.  It is a masterpiece and beautifully touching to the heart.  You can't sing like that and not have an amazing heart.  Aaron Benward, thanks for touching the hearts of the hurting, and all those who have a heart to touch.  Ignore that over guy review - that was a wrong review.  Hint:  I bought this years ago, and I am still putting it on my Kindle Fire.  Love it.
I remember when you couldn't get this album because Mr. Benward had issues with profiting from his musical giftings.  I first discovered the songs and the artist on a 24-hour Christian radio channel that is no longer in existence.  I don't remember any commercials, they never asked for offerings, and finally the station went under, leaving me disappointed for many years that I could no longer hear this man's ministry.  I don't remember how I finally came upon his work again on Amazon, but I am so happy I did.  I'm no serious music critic; all I know is that these songs were moving enough to make me long for them for many years, and to elate me when I finally found them again and now could even buy and download them.I don't know what made you change your mind, but thank you, Mr. Benward!
I love this CD. Especially the 10,000 Angels song. I had heard that in church years ago and it puts me in a holy place every time I heard it. This group sings that song really excellent.
after singing this song along with hundreds in a worship service accompanied by only by a guitar this is as good as it gets.  Chris' music and voice are pure and full of praise.  Join him as you lift your voice to God.
I just discovered this band. Wow! Did not know what I was missing. Really good music with a message.Absolutely love it.
theze guys about stopped writing in early 90's  and have only &#34;best of ...&#34; after . not all , but i have cover most of their music and MORE of Ed & Dana's music is original and of higher qiality than most all other musicians . NO song feels as thoe written for &#34;filler&#34; .  if you caint find evangelical out-reach or GOOD teaching in theze boys work , you're not listening . My first was &#34;The Pledge&#34; ; a bit &#34;dark&#34; in tone and EXCELLENT in purpose and work .  most is ROCK style without the hard edge 'cept in the Lyrics ; GOOD STUPH !!
very good service...excellent playability and the quality of the cd is quite excellent.  i would rate this cd as excellent, and reccommend it to others
The problem with any "best" of album is that anyone familiar with the music would have a lot of different opinions of what is the bands best.  All of the albums represented by this best of album are worthy of your consideration.  For example I know 666 was one of their songs that made its way onto MTV, but I don't consider it one of their best songs.  But there is a good introductory collection here I just want to encourage giving some of the albums represented a listen also.DeGarmo & Key deserve a place among the great Christian Rock Bands of all time.  I will say however, anyone listening to their music today will be at a disadvantage, because D & K really thrived in live concerts.  I never heard any of their albums that quite caught the bands energy (or spirit) in concert. I don't say that to say the albums are not good, they are, they're great; I just feel bad for anyone who never got to see the dynamic duo live.Eddie DeGarmo & Dana Key sacrificed a lot of money and fame because of their message, because they could flat out play with the best. They were always, always about Ministry, sharing Christ through their music and their "mission of mercy" was never compromised.Dana Key passed away last year, I still mourn the loss.  I would like to thank both Eddie & Dana for their sacrifice, and their faithfulness.Will McDonald
When I first heard Margaret Becker, way back in 1995, I instantly loved her music. This album is such a great compilation of some of her best songs. I especially like "Deep Calling Deep", "True Devotion", and "This I Know".I highly recommend this album to everyone. You will find inspiration, relaxing music, and music that makes you want to dance.
I love Christian rock music for the rock sound we all love and the uplifting lyrics. As the youth worship leader for my church I'm especially attentive to lyrics and the spirit in them. Shawn McDonald is clearly not just another Christian that writes rock songs. I was pleased to find the heart of a true worshiper in so many of his tracks. I'll probably be introducing some them to my set list in the near future. His vocal styling hints to a hip-hop background, a genre I can respect but don't often choose to listen to, but Shawn's style is much more relaxed with phenomenally simple but stirring instrumental accompaniment. Two albums for the price of one led me to buy this album from an artist whose name I didn't recognize and had only heard one of his tracks before a friend showed me the one that lead to this purchase. I don't have a single regret. This album is great for listening to in any setting; driving, falling asleep, before/after our youth lessons, background with friends and you have the spirit in the lyrics ready to speak when you listen.
Love the Gaither songs for children. My grandson says it right. It has a catchy tune.He is six years old and just loves I'm Something Special and I Am A Promise.Our daughter, now in her forties had these records when she was a little girl.Same reaction. She loved them.
We listened to the on cassette tape with our kids when they were growing up. Now we are using the CD to give praise to God again.
I bought this after seeing them in concert in Tacoma.  It was a good intro to their music.  I love it.
I heard this praise song at my first Exodus Freedom Conference and I had to own it!
To begin your day basking in the presence of our Lord.  How cool is that?  Love all of the songs on this album
Nice sets of songs  its only one song that I didn't like but besides that its a great set of Christian songs
Chris has such a versatile voice I love listening to him. I have other albums of his. But this was the first I purchased online and downloaded on line. It was very convenient, downloaded quickly and easily. Since it was mp3 it was easy to send to my android tablet and my iPod so I have it with me where ever I go.
So many songs or artists loose that great sound when they perform live.  Not the case here.  This artist is awesome!!!  Great download.
Chris Tomlin is a great worship leader. All  the songs in this collection move me deeply to worship the Lord.
I am a reiki practitioner and use a wide variety of music while I am doing a session.  This a is a good addition to my c collection.
Had this album when it was originally released then couldn't find it anywhere. I'm sooo glad I found it again! Some great new takes on some classic Christmas songs. BeBe And CeCe Winans'  Silent Night is so soulful you could almost see it being sung around the manger, While Whiteheart's Little Drummer Boy rocks the way it should! As a drummer, this is how I would have liked to have done it. Absolutely amazing!
Even though this is only 8 songs long, I still love it because it has a song (My Will, which is amazing)that is not on their other albums and the remix of Say the Words is amazing!!!
Had this album as a teen, so it was good to buy this on mp3. Some good music. Highly reccomended.
I love Steve Green's voice and song arrangements. I'm still exploring this CD, but so far am not disappointed. I'm loving the arrangements.
No one makes a song a prayer like he does - thank you for leading me in praise especially since the &#34;church&#34; has decided the worlds music is more relevant
i listened to this album for the first time today and i can't help but feel blessed.it's like a sunny day driving kind of album, but can also make you feel sunny even when it's raining out.
Heart touching songThis song explains how we can be loyal to God and follow His' will in the land of abundance as well as in the desert, in sickness as well as in health. Job did it. God will help us too.
I cannot get enough of Matt Redman music!  This album is fantastic--each song is truly inspiring!  If you have a heart for God and are thankful for His son, you must hear this album! Thanks Matt!
I love Matt Redman; Our church uses a lot of his songs in our services; a great inspiration to the people of God
This is one of my favorite contemporary Worship Albums!!!! Lovely lyrics and some really good music!!!!  And this has only the studio recordings so all of them are crisp and concise. I am not a big fan of the live recordings versions.
One of my favorite worship cd's; ordering was so easy why would I ever buy an actual cd again? Recommended!
When I was a teen, I saved up money and went to the local Christian college to buy cassettes from their bookstore. Pure and Simple was one of my favorite and most listened to choices. It was raw and rockin', and I loved it then. It was great to find that I could experience it once again through download. This is my favorite of all the Geoff Moore and The Distance stuff, and it's still worth having in your library even now.
I downloaded this for a single song, but glad I did.  What memories we have playing their music for ourselves and our children.
John Michael Talbot has always been one of the finest Christian troubadors.  This work in particular is one of his best.  If you're looking for an album of supremely worshipful, meditative music for the Christian experience, look no further.
Between this title and "Come to the Quiet" it's hard to pick a favorite.  This is sincere beautiful worship.  I almost feel it picks up where "Quiet" left off.  Really great stuff.  Rarely do I feel "edified" by much that I listen to.  This one does it for me.
the humble and reverent expression of the holy scriptures, and rest in christ fills the lyrics and music offered here.
I've purchased Geoff Moore CDs over the years and even went to one of his concerts when he came through town.  He's always been a favorite of mine, but I hadn't recently bought any of his later albums (Home Run was one of my favorites).  This album is awesome and I've listened to it repeatedly.  I couldn't move on, it was that good!
If you like Bluegrass Gospel this is one of the better ones, various artists and good singing, at a good price.
Great price and I love the songs. They are all songs I learned in church groeing up and now I can use them with my pre-school class.
I grew up on these songs - this album in particular. I purchased this for the nostalgia and hope to one day share these songs with my future children.
REally like the music and the songs.  I teach 3-5 yr olds and they really love to sing and move
This is a great resource for discipleship in the lives of children and grand children! Brings back fond memories and creates new ones!
Great music, our grandson loves all the songs!  Perfect gift for any child, Sunday School, or Vacation Bible School.  We love it!
While I cannot pretend to know or understand what the rest of the Leon Russell fans out there want or need (and this is as it should be, mixed nuts that we are), but I looked forward to the release of this album.  Well, to be honest, I look forward to ALL of Leon's releases, but it is so nice to have a collection of his gospel music in one CD. Some of the songs sound pure ol' Leon to me, and some -- it took me awhile to get this -- have just the slightest bit of a difference.  They're fun to listen for, and I doubt that they're even intentional. With a bit more introspection at this phase of my life, I may just be tuned to hear the songs from the left side too.  In any case, what a great album.  Thanks, Leon!!Hey, R&R; HoF.....get it together and bring Leon Russell into the Hall of Fame where he has helped so many other artists achieve recognition!
This is Leon at his best and that is saying something.  Leon is definitely a musician's musician.  This is a great album.
If you are looking for a real worship experience, and you truly desire to bask in the presence of the Lord, Orlando Wright will take you there. Great music and very anointed!!!
I think this is a remarkable CD of beautiful music.  Release my Praise, Psalm 27 and Psalm 139 are highlights. It will enable you to feel closer to your creator.
I got volume 2 of Living Spirit, Holy Fire a few years ago and wondered why volume 1 hasn't been available up until now. Volume 1 has the same quality of music as all of David Haas' CD's: thoughtful Biblical lyrics, inspirational melodies, beautiful voices - what more could one want in a CD?
This is music from decades ago, but with simple voices and guitars it still stands as uplifting christian music.  These songs still lift my spirit and put me in a place of worship and awe.
Wendy & Mary have been classic since their music first appeared. Their music is a breath of fresh air that it timeless with it fresh harmonies, acoustic guitars, and beautiful message. They are a must for any collection of Christian, folk, or acoustic music.
Great music made easy by Amazon! The music I love is so much more enjoyable when it is delivered so simply and quickly.
I had this cassette many years ago and was delighted when I found it here in MP3 format on amazon.  Bought and and have been very pleased with the quality
No drums, just 2 guitars and 2 harmonizing voices, some songs with backing from the Talbot brothers.  When the album came out, they were appearing in Chico, Ca, and they were wonderful!  The Spirit filled the air.  Out of the 3 plus albums they released, this is my favorite.  Very contemplative, and it spoke to the young Christians working in the field.  I don't know whatever became of them-probably went on to raise families and follow God's leading.  God Bless you ladies, and thanks so much!
Ah that Wendy and Mary could make hundreds of new albums! Their acoustic guitars and delightful harmonies are timeless, and their Christian message comes directly from the scriptures.  Their music brings peace.
I loved this album 25 years ago, but the cassette tape was long ago shot. What a joy to find my childrens favorite lullaby as well as my own favorites updated to enjoy again today.
Music from the heart that never gets old. Simple, honest melodies and rich harmonies.A very good listen anytime, anywhere.
Battle of the Heart, by Wendy & Mary, is a superb worship album.  I originally bought this album on tape back in the mid/late 80's and was delighted to find the mp3 version on Amazon.  The best I can do describing the music is to say it is Christian Folk Worship.  My favorite song is "Lullaby for Grown-ups" because it is so peaceful.  If you're looking for gentle Christ-uplifting music, and you enjoy a Folk sound, you will probably really like this album.  If you're a Sara Groves fan (Wendy & Mary pre-date her), then you will probably LOVE this album.
I REALLY LOVE THE BLUEGRASS STYLE OF CHRISTAN MUSIC AND THIS C-D IS JUST PACKED WITH THE SONG'S I LOVE TO HEAR PLAYED IN THIS STYLE
It is a great music album that was exactly as described and no problems downloading the music to my player.
I bought this for my wife, who loves Bluegrass music, and she just loved it.  Her elderly father in his last year, on many a painful day, was comforted just by listening to this CD.  Many of his visitors (even non-believers) were so taken by the music they contacted us to find out where we found it.  We had to give ours away to someone else and replace it because they just had to have it right at that moment.  Obviously - a big hit.
I'm not a musician and not very smart when it comes to music. I'll leave it to anyone else to decide if this is true blue grass. I do listen to Alison Krauss, Claire Lynch, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, etc... I like this music by Steve Ivey as much as any of those. As a Christian I believe it really lifts up Jesus. I am very pleased with this purchase.
I grew up listening to blue grass music as my parents were from kentucky and tennesee ..... it is really sad to me that young people miss out on great music,,, especially gospel
I have an entire playlists of gospel instrumental music that I play at night to end the day right and lull me to sleep.
The songs are basic standard hymns with interesting riffs hear and there which makes you want to sing to the Lord!
I went to a lot of the youth conferences when I was younger where these songs were played live. So I really love the memories these songs being back. Great music and great download!
I realize most people today would find this CD old and outdated.but for me that is not the case. I love these beautiful old hymns as sung by some men who most assuredly must have encountered the living Lord Jesus Christ at the feet of " The Old Rugged Cross.". Their voices blend in glorious harmony as they sing about their Saviour.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to  hear spirit filled gentlemen sing the old hymns in lovely harmony from their heart from someone who have met Him at the foot of the Cross.
I love the upbeat positive music. Especially the song &#34;it's gonna be a good day&#34;. This music help keep my day on the right track for me.
This album is really unlike anything out there. It has this great mix of upbeat to reflective, prayerful to rock out. Also the text is great to these songs. You can really get into the ideas expressed! The title track is a great tune. Faith Hope and Love and Deny Yourself are just rock out tunes. I Am and You Will Know stir the soul!Get this album! You won't regret it. I can't wait to hear more of this guy's stuff!
Paul Melley's debut CD is a must have.  His music moves both body and soul and his lyrics clearly come from his walk with the Lord.  With a bias toward Ignatian spirituality, my favorite cut is Take, Lord, Receive.  The title track is one of the only contemporary settings of the hymn in Philippians I have ever heard. Faith, Hope, and Love gets stuck in your head and keeps you uplifted all day. Some tunes haunt and others rock. Listen as part of your prayer, to shift a mood, or just to be lifted up with someone who sings what you believe.  It's great to have a fresh and Catholic voice on the Christian pop/rock scene.
The first of Paul Melley's musical debut - and what an amazing start! My favorite song, I AM, has me replaying it over and over again! The words are so powerful and say so much! This CD has been truly inspirational for me! Looking forward to many more CDs created by Paul Melley!
perfect mix of 2 minute songs for my three and five year olds.  voices by children are very pleasant as well!
I love Niki's music!  I feel inspired every time I hear her beautiful voice.  I hear the love in every word and it touches my heart and moves my soul.  I look forward to hearing more from her.  I also recommend listening to the version of Mountaintop she sings with the Agape international choir, amazing!  I'm reminded of the saying - don't die with your music still inside you, and I feel blessed to hear Niki's music in this world.
Such beautiful harmony like this is made to hear it only by vocal.Hearing it, fortunately it becomes a very quiet feeling.
I first heard of this album by downloading a free sample MP3 collection. I enjoyed the music from SAVAE so much that I had to buy this album. Nothing in this collection has let me down, I enjoy every song. The harmonies are excellent and the lyrics are clear. As a result, the message of the album is uplifting, both from the music and from the words. This is an album that should be able to deeply speak to you.
The new album, Revival Tonight by SAVAE, is a treat for the senses. Their clean, clear capella style of singing comes through well, and will quickly remind you of olden days of songs in church, gospel, and soon your hands will be clapping along, it's a great album to share with your friends too.Songs I enjoyed were Present Joys for it's great lyrics, Pass Me Not for it's male members leading, Brethren for it's sing along style, and Cuba ( Go, Preachers, and Tell it to the World ) for it's infectious style.  It's hard not to like any of songs on the album.  Buy it. You'll keep it playing.  Gary Miller
Absolutely loved this album, it made me feel like I was in a early 1800's southern church.  So much better than the current crop of gospel hymns.  This is what I listen to on Sunday! :)
This CD contains songs from previous albums, and centers on the theme of &#34;Getting There From Here&#34;. It has some of my favorite Michael McLean songs on it, such as A Distant Serenade, Hold On (The Light Will Come), and You Must Believe There Are Miracles. It is inspiring and uplifting; each song with a special message that gives hope and encouragement.
So many hymns that we sing. All absolutely beautiful. But, by far my favorite, &#34;Eternal Father Strong to Save&#34;. I grew up as a child of the Navy and eventually an Airforce wife. In Trinidad BWI we would sing the hymn every Sunday in the base Chapel just as the sea planes would fly overhead. Wonderful Memories! In addition &#34;Lord Guard and Guide the Men Who Fly Through the Great Spaces or the  Sky&#34; is in the ambum. A sad but important memory. At age 23 my husband's plane crashed. Three of the four on a training mission were killed. The hymn was sung at The Memorial Service . I couldn't believe that the hymn is in this collection. Not only the words, but the same melody. So I have those special numbers and many more that I love. No waiting! I can hear the entire beautiful album, rich in our country's and my churche's history any time I want.
I stumbled upon this album here on Amazon and it is a true jewel. David has a tremendous voice: strong and clear. His interpretations are brilliant. I'm sure that his voice has changed by now, but we can enjoy this talented young man through this recording.
I never heard of this title nor cathedral. I sampled the music and decided to buy. It was a very good decision. Obviously not well known like King's College Choir, the choir is excellent in their own right. The voices are very clear and balanced. I would compare the music to York Minster and other less, well-known British choirs (Southwark and Chester).
Wonderful hymns interpreted by the reputable choir of the Cathedral of Wells in England. It is a great selection of ancient and modern hymns accompained by the Church's organ. There are hymns in this CD that I had never heard before in my life, so this is a tremendous discovery for me. You will love it!
You have Davie Hill and Phil Costello. Everything here is awesome. You already knew that. Just order this album now.
Kitty Cleaveland really has a  beautiful voice and adds a lot of emotion to Christmas favorites. I was looking for something to rival Joan Baez's Christmas album and though everyone sings differently-it is a lovely rendition of Christmas classics
Kitty Cleveland has a clear beautiful voice. If handbells could speak they would sound like this. The music is all sacred, reverant, and she believes what she is singing and that makes the very best Christmas music.
Just like Follow Me and David's other albums.  Beautifully orchestrated and sung, and full of God's messages to us.  I--and other members of our choir--have  actually sung &#34;backup&#34; for David when he did a concert at our Church in Texas.
I was first introduced to The Crucifixion over 30 years ago when I had the great privilege to sing it with my mother as a guest on her church choir as a fellow alto. We performed the entire piece, minus some of the verses on some sections! This was quite a fete for a Black Baptist choir that was used to singing primarily "gospel music!" :-)It was love at first "sing" for me. I have listened to it almost every year since then as part of my Easter worship and celebrations. I especially like this version for its flow, consistency and clarity. Some of the other versions are very choppy and below tempo at critical points.In addition to remembering the great sacrifice of our Lord through this CD, I also greatly cherish the memory of sharing a very special time with my Mom performing this concert. I think for Mother's Day this year, I will crank up her CD player and share the memory again. However, at this stage of life, I will be singing tenor! :-)
As always, I'm never disappointed with David Kauffman's ability to put beautiful words with unforgettable melodies.  This one joins the others in &#34;my favorite Christian music&#34; list!
Inspirational, uplifting, great way to praise God. The lyrics are clear and meaningful.  I listen to it all the time.
The songs on this CD are very inspirational and a wonderful way to pray.I would recommend this CD.Amazon Verified Review
All of David's albums are really great.  He has a different presentation of Christian belief than JMT, but just as inspiring.  It's nice to have a change from the Christian music that's been around for so long.  The Catholics are starting to get into the game!
Well, I had forgotten I already had this cd. It came in great condition, and I was able to pass it on to someone else.
Erik Augustsson has created a masterpiece of sound in his sophomore release of Ultrabeat. With a whopping 14 songs, (intro is only 10 seconds) it offers a wide variety of techno trance music. Not only does this cd contain some of the best mixes I've ever heard, (better than many secular artists) but they are completely uplifting in lyrics. The first half of the cd "Space Pop" is 8 inspiring and original songs. The second half "Dreamplanet" is synth only with a focus on the music.I guess the biggest positive for me is that the quality of the music is very obvious. Rather than ambient, dreamy trance, Erik presents electric energy in every song. Highly recommended.~SI +==}=========*
Honestly this is one of my favorite albums of Christian electronic music (Echoing Green's Supernova is good too).  I looked this up and I was glad Amazon had the MP3s for download.  Listening to the songs brings back some memories of college - this album it helped keep me focused on the Lord in a place and time when I was struggling with my faith.
I took a chance on downloading this CD, because I wanted to listen to other artist who are not as popular, or that doesn't talk about sex in a demeaning way, as most music today. I have to say, I am glad I did with Patrick Phoenix and his album "The Road". This is a great album for this generation. It's fun, it's groovy, and most import, it's clean. My children love it! They listen to it over, and over again. I recommend this album!
If you haven't heard Durufle's requiem yet, fix that right now and listen to it. It's sublime and amazing.This recording is good quality sound, and it seems to be played well. Plus it also comes with other great music, including a cool mass setting
As an orchestral musician, it would be easy to approach this recording with a critical ear. But within moments of hearing the rich acoustics of the cathedral, the purity of the voices and the blend of the ensemble, one is lost in the meaning and passion of Durufle's writing.This recording is not about prowess and brilliance. It is about worship. It is about humility and grace applied to an aural canvas. Allow Durufle to paint his praise on your canvas...
I love this CD so much!  I can't wait for Ian to come out with more songs!  He is awesome and so talented!
This piano driven edgy sound will take you to new places in your worship.  Ian's sound is a bit similar to the likes of secular band Sigur Ros.  I would highly recommend this album to any and everyone!  It is unlike anything else out there and you will love it from start to finish.  The revelation that comes forth from the lyrics of his songs are straight from Heaven and are combined with Holy Spirit inspired beats, melodies and rhythms. Two words: Pure Genius!
The first time I heard this album I was blown away.  I had never heard anything like it.  Such a sweet expression of worship.
"I believe Christian Musicians should be the ones who write the most creative music in the world. " -Ian McIntoshIan has the right sentiment.  Why, if we have a direct link to the creator, do Christians continue to write generic crap that all sounds the exact same?  I was listening to a Christian radio station the other day and it pained me to think that every song on the channel sounded like the one before.Ian McIntosh is a huge breathe of fresh air.  Epic and creative, he knows when to be forceful and when to finesse, making for a worship experience like I have never had before.Unlike most worship containing a repetitive string of verse chorus verse chorus bridge chorus, Ian has a free flowing style that I have never heard before.  In the new "Prophetic Worship" vein of Christian music, it seems that the artists change the basic verse chorus verse structure for a more random, yet still relatively generic structure.  Ian is not this either.  He takes you on a journey of emotion and worship which is very fresh and exhilarating.A huge step in the right direction for Christian music.
This is definitely a breath of fresh air for gospel music...not the same ol same ol...aaron i cant wait for the album to drop..i know your ministry will bless others..Keep the good music comin..love ya
Wow i've never heard anything Like this (Gospel) it is most definitely a must have this song really touched me and made me want to hear more from this guy I can wait for the CD.
If you buy this CD/MP3 you will not regret it.calming, peaceful and has 4 great pieces that seem to carry you away from away!  It actually makes you feel as though you are there...wherever there is.  If it makes any sense.
I purchased the whole album and almost all the songs are really nice to hear. I like numbers 3, 5 and 7 the best. I think only one of them is in English and the rest is in Brazilian Portuguese. I am from Brazil so I understand it. It is Gospel and I love it!Essa banda de rap e massa. Quase todas as musicas sao boas pra ouvir. A intro nao eh tao forte mas oucam as musicas 3, 5 e 7 porque sao as minhas favoritas!
I will not write as detailed a review as TOM TOM did but I will say that I have over 100 Christmas CDs and the two "A Princeton Christmas" CDs are now among my favorites - and not just because they're new!  After a while, you just don't want to hear another rendition of "White Christmas" or "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer."  These two CDs have a number of unusual carols on them.  They are BEAUTIFULLY performed.  I liked them so much I just hit the play button again when they were over.As an added bonus, you get to support a really worthy project - a school meal program for children in Africa.  You help kids get the nutrition they need and the program helps to keep them in school.
The fact that some of the profits go to a worthy charity is all the more reason to buy this album.  If you enjoy the samples, proceed directly to "buy the .mp3 album with one-click".  You will not be disappointed.
Great Music for a Great Cause!!!!"Princeton University is proud to be part of this remarkable grassroots initiative to help the children of Africa. The music is enchanting and inspirational, and the message of hope and love is immensely powerful."-- Shirley M. Tilghman,President of Princeton University"We are proud to team up with the Princeton community in this timely and inspired effort to help feed the children of Africa."-- Karen Sendelback, President and CEO of Friends of the World Food Program
There's certainly no shortage of worthy causes vying for our attention during the holiday season, but here's one that's sure to satisfy fans of Christmas choral music, whose purchase of the CD also will benefit the children of sub-Saharan Africa through the United Nations' World Food Program. The CD gathers together performances of Christmas music by various choral groups based in Princeton, New Jersey--which happens to boast one of the continent's more impressive lineups, from the renowned Westminster Choir and American Boychoir to the Princeton Girlchoir, Princeton High School Choir, and Princeton University Chapel Choir. The 20 selections are not from a single concert but were contributed/donated by the various ensembles and are drawn primarily from concert performances from different places and dates, all from the past 10 years. (There's even a performance--"Let it Snow!"--from the Princeton Girlchoir's appearance on the NBC-TV Today Show in 2002.)Naturally, there are substantial differences in sound quality and ambience from track to track, and likewise the polish and technical refinement of the performances varies, but with a couple of exceptions the results range from perfectly acceptable to very good. And it's wonderful to hear on one disc such variety of repertoire and types of ensembles, from the younger voices of the American Boychoir and high school groups to the college choirs of Princeton and Westminster. Most of the pieces are familiar--such favorites as David Willcocks' setting of Ding dong! Merrily on high, Leroy Anderson's Sleigh Ride, Vaughan Williams' Sussex Carol and First Nowell, Darke's In the bleak midwinter, Rutter's Nativity Carol, Britten's A New Year Carol, and the aforementioned Let it Snow!; but I would list several others as highlights.These include the Princeton Girlchoir's rendition of Rutter's setting of Personent Hodie, the Princeton Day School Choir Madrigal Singers in Alice Parker's Hark, I hear the harps eternal, and best of all, the Westminster Choir's gorgeous performance of Ralph Johnson's beautiful Christmas hymn The hills are bare at Bethlehem (a setting of the early-American tune "Prospect" that demands several immediate repeats!). Frank Ferko's excellent Adam Lay Ybounden receives a fine rendition by the Princeton University Chapel Choir, as does Daniel Kantor's Night of silence by the Tartantones of Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart. The program concludes not with voices but with bells--a very impressive virtuoso performance of William Griffin's arrangement of Tchaikovsky's "March" from the Nutcracker by the Westminster Concert Bell Choir.This CD was issued in 2007 and a second volume has just been released this year. Both are available as CDs or via download through the project's website--[...]--or at [....]. All proceeds from your purchase will go directly to feed children--the most appreciated $20 gift you'll give this year.--David Vernier
It brings back memories
Every time I listen to Gearges' songs it renews something in me spiritually.I just can't get enough of his music.Thank God for men like him.
Very clear, precise, beautiful readings in Farsi of select Rumi poetry accompanied by a mix of modern and traditional Persian music. Definitely worth the price for those Farsi speakers and passionate of Rumi.
This is one of the best Acappella albums I have heard. Very inspiring! These men have great voices. Keep it up Brother Keith Lancaster...God bless
I love this album. It is by far by favorite album from acappella. These are traditional church songs sung in the way my heart sings them, I don't enjoy most recordings of church hymns and for some reason I really can't stand the traditional quartet singers. These men are singing from their hearts, with excellent vocal ability, and my heart burns within me, as in Luke 24:32, when I listen to it.
This brother has a great message and a strong flow.  It is great to see that artists like Young Jules now make it possible to have a real alternative to 'worldly' hip-hop.  His beats and flow are as real as anything that you'll find on your local hip hop station and it's coupled with the message of the gospel.  That is a winning combination.  I can't wait for the next album.
Absolutely beautiful music and great for reflective chill listening.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to listen to a song on a chill day.
originally I was just interested in the "cuppycake" song that was sent to me in an email years ago and its just stuck in my mind. I sing it all the time to my pets and to very special niece. I accidentally stumbled on this album yesterday listened to it right away and wham.... first of all all of the songs are great, the singer is great, the words are as non forgetting as the "cuppycake song" I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone with children, pets or for yourself if you like cuteness!! My husband is singing to the songs right now.
I grew up listening to this music and it never gets old. 30 years later I am still listening to the same music it it still touches my heart, speaks to my soul and ministers to my spirit. It stays with you for life. This music guided me as a child to be a better person and now it encourages me and has helpedme to become a better Christian. It serves as a constant reminder of the foundations of faith. It keeps me going, running the race until I meet my Maker. PLUS, l love how the music is so infectious. It permeates my soul and is always there to lift me up when I am low. If you ever have the opportunity to meet the group and go to a concert, grab it with both hands and hold on tight. You wont regret it! Their passion for what they do and the message they share is beyond evident in their music and their performance. This music will take you on a journey. Enjoy!
I have been looking for this group and this specific song for a bit, so thanks to you Amazon, I found an old classic.
This is one of the best worship albums I have heard....I never get tired of listening to it. Anointed and gifted, this guy is.
Wonderful music, wonderful lyrics, wonderful vocals! I really like the praise and worship aspect of this album. I have used the music for my Church's worship service.
I typically purchased Yanni, Enya or Richard Clayderman CDs but this is a must have for instrumental music lovers.  Incredible arrangement for popular liturgy songs ...  Also check out After the Rain: Music for Solo Piano by Jeanne Cotter.
Truly one of my favorite CD's, if not the best I've every heard. Every song is a joy to listen to and stirs me up to worship our great King.Perhaps my favorite part of ANY song is from this CD called "His Forever":Jesus, friend of sinnersI love to tell the storyRedeeming love has been my themeAnd will be when in gloryNot death nor life nor anythingCan ever separate meO love that will not let me goYes, I am His foreverSome of my other favorite songs are: Grace Unmeasured, Surrender All, O God our Help in Ages Past, and Jesus Thank You.I'm going to recommend this to all my friends, because it has simply been a great blessing to me. 5 stars!
I have to admit, the first time I listened to Worship God Live, after I downloaded it from SovereignGraceStore I was not extremely impressed. If I recall correctly, I actually told my wife that I was disappointed with the cd. The second time through, as I learned the words, I began to worship along with the congregation and worship band on the live cd. That same day I played it a third, and then a fourth, and then a fifth time through. That fifth time through, track ten, "The Perfect Lamb of God" finished what tracks 1-9 had begun: I was brought squarely to the foot of the cross:The light of day was cloaked by nightAnd heaven closed its eyesWrath unspared for countless sinsThe guiltless crucifiedHands of kindness driven throughBack on splintered beamThe holy curtain torn in twoAtonement made for meInsults mock the Son of GodThe angels are restrainedBut all the cup must be enduredFor sinners to be savedCan grace prevail in such a dayOf scandal and of scorn?But with a cry "Forgive" You claimTraitors as Your ownAs You drew Your final breathMy debt was satisfiedAnd love divine in glorious mightWould vanquish death and rise... Love unrivaled here displayedCalls my heart to praiseThe perfect Lamb of GodI found my heart in the place that I covet to be, humbled, seeing little but God's love in the face of my sin. Then track eleven, "Grace Unmeasured" hits and I am forced to stop everything I am doing and sing and cry unashamedly with all my might and out-of-tune voice, "Grace amazing, pure and deep that saw me in my misery that took my curse and owned my blame so I could bear Your righteous name...Grace! Grace paid for my sins and brought me to life..."Over the more than 50 more times that I have been ushered into the presence of God with this live album recorded over two days at Covenant Life Church, I have found similar experiences to be common places. My understanding of this album is that it is the best-of the song-writing efforts of some of Sovereign Grace's most talented songwriters, so there is absolutely no filler among the 14 songs. Each and every one of them is in the top 40 of my most-played tracks according to iTunes (among more than 6500 tracks in my library which I've been listening to for a lot longer than this album).All songs are written to declare God-glorifying truth and to elicit the proper response. The lyrics alone will lift your heart in praise. Never is truth declared for the sake of being theologically correct. At the same time, the songs avoid singing praises to God for some unnamed reason. The songwriters preach truth that then leads to praise, and more often than not, this is a cross-centered truth: Where God's love, mercy, justness, holiness, righteousness, wrath, goodness, and patience are most clearly seen.There are only a handful of albums that I can recommend with as much enthusiasm as I do this one.
I love this group! Even though this is not a collection of original songs; it is a collection of original arrangements. I love their interpretation of "God Bless the USA". My favorite version of all time. It's just incredibly beautiful. "Shut De Do" is just incredibly fun!! Of course the title track "Travelin' Shoes" is a classic example of wonderful acappella singing. I completely wore out my original cassette version of this album. I've waited for years for this to be released as an MP3. Highly recommend this album. It's a great introduction to a group that has continued to be dynamic and creative.
Fire!...I downloaded this artist and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of production and depth of the lyrical content.First it started off with what one would consider a party track..."Tear the Roof Off"...Very catchy hook on this one..could very easily be played in any club or bumped on your home or mobile systems!..Afterwards, each track shows off STYNGRAY'S complex and deep-seated lyrical substance.(Not to mention his singing ability, as shown on "I'll Be Around")  Most beats on this joint can be played in steppers sets as well......NO PROFANITY!!......Tracks on this CD can very well be compared to Hip-Hops greatest!...I would highly recommend you to either by or download this whole album to get the full affect of this artists SKILLZ!!DO NOT SLEEP ON THIS ONE!!!!
Excellent new versions of old hymns. I like to listen to this album often. Singer is very good. I love the fact that I can have copies of this album in my many devices.
I first heard these guys in 2004 soon after they released their album, More Like You.  There is something very special about this album and The Bridge Band.  Yes, their music is not commercialized like what you hear on K-Love, but it's honest, real music by musicians with a heart for God.  I have many favorite songs on this particular album, but "Angels" really speaks to my heart.
These songs have been very helpful with teaching our child addition and multiplication facts - along with some Bible information.  I hear the songs being sung around the house, so I know the catchy tunes are doing what they're meant to do.  This cd has definitely been a valuable purchase for our family.  I highly recommend it.
These songs really stick in your head.  Our cassette tape broke so I'm getting this for my iPod so my 2nd grader can learn them.  Even my middle schooler remembers her skip counts by this.  3, 6, 9, 12, 15 good friends!
When I was younger my mom had this Cassette tape (at the time) for my siblings and me.  I was talking to my sister the other day about how I wish I could find the songs that we use to listen to for our multiplication, so we could get my niece started on them. I told her you know to this day (which is probably close to 20 years later) I still sing the songs when doing my multiplication I catch myself saying 3, 6, 9, 12, 15 good friends, when counting by 3; she said she does the same thing.  I would have to say that the Bible Heroes songs really stick and help kids remember their multiplication tables. I am defiantly getting them for my niece and own children when I have them.
We love the variety of musical styles/genres in the songs.  The first time we listened to it on a weekend traveling to family; dear husband came to the supper table the following Monday singing the chorus to one of the songs.  They are that catchy.  Wanting our 2nd/3rd grader to learn the times tables, but little siblings 4yo and 6yo may end up learning them early!
I originally purchased a tape for your kids on the advice of a family member that highly recommended this product.  My kids and I loved it!  I have since purchased the CD as we wore the tape out and also purchased it for my grand kids.  My grown children still know all the tunes!  This CD is a wonderful, in fact the best product I have found to teach skip counting and the plus is you are also learning Bible truths at the same time!  It's great!!!
I'm 29-years-old and still remember these songs from when I was a kid.  I decided to buy it for my own children and they agree - they're catchy songs.  It's a great way to memorize your multiplications!  :)
I recommend this product.  I homeschool my children and I am going to purchase these songs.  I searched for these because these songs are what my third grade teacher used to teach my class to skip count and I still remember some of the songs to this day from twenty years ago!  It is a great product.
I used these songs to teach 5 of my 8 children their multiplication tables. We all loved the songs.  Now we are trying to find a CD for our grand children. These songs worked beautifully with learning disabled children as well. They could remember the songs and learned their multiplication through them. I recommend this for anyone whose kids have a hard time learning the times' table. We still sing these songs.
Great! Taught in private and when I went back to public used it again just carefully.skipped around the obvious bible things. Awesome way to teach.
My 8 year old son loves these songs! He has been having trouble with multiplication and skip counting is making it easier for him, the songs are catchy and easy to remember...not to mention he learns about God while learning math :) My 2 year old even enjoys listening...hoping he will have a head start in kindergarten!
I have 5 kids and they love singing these songs over and over again:)They really are learning how to skip count!
I was coming online to buy both of these albums separately, and what a wonderful surprise to see them packaged together for such a great deal!Vicky Beeching is one of the most talented and spirit filled worship leaders I've ever had the pleasure of hearing (and seeing live).  When I first heard her, I thought "She's ok, nothing fantastic..."  Then my ipod went on the fritz, and the only CD I had was a NOW type CD with her "Yesterday, Today, and Forever" on it.  I definitely did a double take - she was the same woman I'd heard before?  After that, I had the joy of hearing her both CDs, and now 7 or 8 out of 10 times they're the first I reach for.  "At All Times" is my favorite song, but there is not a single track I skip on either of these albums.Do yourself and your relationship with God a favor and snag these two albums together at a steal of a deal.  God bless you, Vicky, thanks for these awesome spirit filled albums!
I highly recommend this double album to those seeking to enter into God's presence through worship.  Vicky's music inspires intimacy with Christ, and  I'm pleased that these albums are being offered together at such a reasonable price (especially with mp3 download).Anyone familiar with Vineyard-style worship will enjoy this purchase.I'd also recommend an alternative version of the song "Extravagant Worship"Extravagant Worship (Precious Album Version)And also, the remastered version of the song "Stronger than the storm" from the Journey EPStronger Than The Storm
This is an amazing CD. The cellist- Ruslan Biryukov is simply the equivalent of a Rock God for cello.. This CD shows his wide range of musicality, is such a pleasure to listen to..  I call it my Anti-Road Rage CD.. No matter how rough a day i'm having... this is the antidote.. yes, indeed..Highly recommend!!!!
This is one of my favorite albums as of late. The beats are smooth and on point while all the emcees come correct. If you don't know Ohmega Watts, Othello, Braille (and I think Muneshine was in the group at the time) they're all very, very dope in their own rights, as is their solo work. Like I said in the description there are a lot of gems on this album that will become instant favorites and have you coming back to them again. Also the overall feel is what I can only describe as good vibes. I strongly recommend this album to any real hip-hop heads.
Ashley Cleveland is a superb performer.  Her voice is rich, lyrics and songs are well chosen.  Reminiscent of her beloved Spirituals, this album does not disappoint.  Ashley is a true musician, and her offerings are excellent.  Worship musician extraordinaire.
I've always loved Ashley's soulful voice and tunes, but she really outdid herself on this album. Great music, great lyrics. If you love that blues-rock sound you'll like this album.
This is a beautiful, relaxing album.  Each track is lovely, and the tracks easily flow from one into the other.  This is a wonderful gift for anyone - including yourself!  It will nourish your soul.
An album of beautiful, moving songs by a group of women who reflect strength, grace, harmony and commitment.  The power of their performances is manifest.
Out of the foggy blue i recalled a artist who had been with America who had done the song Lonely People and a remake of it.  Didnt know who he was but by googling around i found the christian version on youtube.  Dan Peek was a true artist/balladeer/talent that by itself is proof of a higher being in our midst.  His abilities and depth can only come from a divine power and by itself is proof!  I know Dan is no longer with us, but i want to thank him for the material he made both with America and as a Christian.  This particular album, All Things are Possible have some absolutely beautiful songs on them and Dan's ability to express  through verse and prose is exceptional as always!  Good to know that all the good music doesnt have to belong to the devil as i find out more so each day!  Praise God for Dan Peek and the Peek family continueing to keep his legend alive!
As I continue to work on over-weight issues, my body magic works wonders in supporting my posture and muscles as I excercise.  I simply love this product.
The Clark Sisters! I got to play drums for them many times. Unac was the best. these albums are a must have.
A digital replacement of my all time favorite Clark Sisters album. No fancy productions, makeup or hair ...just truly anointed voices singing praises!!
You  brought the sunshine is one of the Clark Sisters greatest hits. This song will be around for ages to come. This is a repurchase for me because I wanted it in my cloud. Thanks
This album is wonderful,for any of those that remember true music then there wont be any complaint. This album was done during a time when all of the electronics were not needed or used too much. Real instruments and REAL SINGING were the tools of recording especially when it came to gospel music.  People speak on quality but if u come from a time of realness then u will appreciate what true music was and should be all about. Not about all of the fake quality singers that are out now that sound one way on CD and live they sound absolutely terrible like most R&B; and gospel singers of today. Back then what u heard was exactly what u got or better. No substitutes.
The Clark Sisters was one of my favorite Gospel groups. I just love their harmony and the soul of their music. "You brought the sunshine" always brighten my day. I love this music!
I had to return to get his finest work love the album this was made when choirs were at the top of the music industry and all the great singers came from the church
This is my second time purchasing this album. It is old, but still powerfully anointed. I am using several of the songs on it in the choirs that I am serving. Many church worshippers like different genres of gospel music. Therefore, I think it is wise to share them with the audience. Hold Back the Night, in my opinion, is such an album to usher in the presence of the Lord.
I was looking for this album for over a year because there was a particular song that I love to hear. Power In The House. It also had the lyrics which made it much better.
Her voice is by far the best for guided meditation that I have ever heard and the meditations are excellently written. I am a huge fan of the Luxurious Health Spa track as it really just soothes me right into bliss and Tropical Island would be my second favorite. I have a very hard time meditating but find it easy with any of these tracks. Highly recommend!
I have been looking for this CD since it came out in 2000.Even if you don't speak Brazilian or Portuguese this is a great CD.  The music is very well written and performed and it is a great praise CD. I love it.
Great job!  Thoroughly enjoyed the songs I have never heard, as well as the variations on familar tunes.  Plus, I feel like I've just had a visit with some great friends.  This CD provides new repertoire for many Christmases to come.
I am a member of Northland. I have always thought and knew our worship team was the best group of talented singers. This cd is absolutely beautiful. I am so proud of all of them. This cd is worth owning and enjoying. Thank You Northland worship team
Awesome songs from a truly beautiful music Ministry, second to none.  I used to attend Northland and I miss it.  Amazon, get more Northland music downloads - I will buy them!
This is a WONDERFUL Christmas Album.  I am also a member of Northland and have been buying the sermon CD's for years.  This is the best mix of Christian Christmas music out there, sung by THE most talented people.  It is really what the season is all about.  You could listen to this all year long.  Would make a great gift for that "hard to buy for" person.
I heard this group at a Campus Crusade for Christ conference, and I love their music, whether they're playing their own songs or other worship songs. Unfortunately but as expected, this album doesn't include songs not written by them, but the songs on it are still really good.
I was looking for music to add to my collection that was upbeat, fun and christian, love love this group
What a wonderful and inspiring album! Athena's voice is so beautiful.  I especially liked the old hymns-she sang them so appealingly-but I really did like all of the songs.  I found this album by accident, or maybe not by accident since it has been such a blessing!  I am very glad that I purchased it and will look for other albums by this artist.
All of Sovereign Grace's Albums are contemporary in style, yet Biblically sound!  Their songs are like the hymns (solid theology).  The voices and harmonies are beautiful! This is speaking for all of their music!
Love the alternative of gospel music & & I just meditate as I listen. This was a good purchase for me.
Orchestral hymns on 3 cd's brings the love of God into your home.  You can use the music to just listen to or to worship by in your own way.
Particularly substantial and very satisfying arrangements of common hymns. Moods range from delightfully humorous to appropriately contemplative. Settings contain mature, motivic organization. Good for everyday listening or the study of orchestration technique.
How Great Thou Art: A Symphony of HymnsI was searching for instrumental hymns and then as keyword I typed "How Great Thou Art" because I know many christian music albums that have these words as a title.I want to say that I never heard from this album before and after find it I read the review from previous buyer who wrote that found this album fantastic and peaceful.I ordered it and as soon it arrived I started listening and agreed 100% with the review that I read. It is wonderful to listen great hymns from great composers with a great orchestral arrangement like this one have. I am really blessed every time that I listen this CDs. Not only that but this three CDs set plays for more than 3:50 Hs of sweet and amazing 50 songs. I would like to find more CDs like this one because it is a kind of music and arrangement that bring peace and comfort to our heart.If you never listened these CDs and you are looking for good music, do not hesitate in buy it. You will be amazed with this set.
Beautiful, familiar hymns beautifully done.  Amick's and Cassie's vocal talents, ranges, and extraordinary voices blend and diverge in flowing duets and spiraling solos to praise our God and King.
If you love Vonzell's voice like I do, I'd check out her rendition of "It's gonna be a cold cold Christmas" on the Breaking for the Holidays compilation.
Recommended listening for the soul ...your senses will be made new....and your mind open to a whole new you , Enjoy
This is great gospel reggae worship music.  I have purchased some of their other music.  Totally love it!  Too bad the group is no longer together.
Gotta say this is Grace thrillers' best album to me. Used to play this a lot in my parents car lol. I mostly love "He's Alive" So soothing, yet powerful at the same time! God bless um' :)
What a awesome CD~~!!!KNINE keeps it real for God. That's God and Writer's Block are my favorite tracks great stuff.
This band is a Christain Rock Band.  They are awesome.  I have listened to this album through at least 5 times and it keeps on getting better.
I bought this project on the strength of seeing Jason sing with Donald Lawrence last year. I was not disappointed. Anointed voice, wonderful songwriting, tight band arrangements, great production. What more can you ask? This is what happens when you lift up the name of the Most High in song. This project is a blessing!
I heard this song (&#34;Open My Eyes&#34;) at a conference in South Carolina and the lyrics sang my heart's cry to God for a deeper level of worship.  I have searched the internet for FOUR DAYS trying to find this artist and I am so glad that I did!  God bless you, Sarah Mcmillan for sharing this with us.  I pray that many have the opportunity to be touched by this ministry of worship. A must have for worship leaders, nationally!
Loved the relaxing and smooth tones that help us find inner peace and harmony. Two thumbs up!
Nice relaxing music in the style of new age. Great if you're looking for relaxation music i'd definitively recommend it.
I bought this CD in South Africa long before I ever saw it listed on Amazon.com.  The Music is great to listen to and each song has a serious point of view for any Christian.  I particularly love his song 'Serving Jesus'.  It is very difficult to choose any one of the songs as better than the others.  They are all excellent and the music is so good to listen to.  I wish I could be the kind of Christian he is asking God to make him.  Under correction I believe that Clive Hay is a South African.. which makes his music more precious to me.
I first heard him back in 2006 at toccoa him and his son daniel came to our retreat. I was 16 at the time Oh MY GOSH IT BLESSED MY SOUL. Now that I know he has it as an mp3 download definitely buying this version for my phone,I have the cd from 2006 still but now I can have it directly on my phone. My favorite is PTL, Suicide, and Testify. God BlessLitany
Why am I just discovering this CD?  I wish I had found it sooner, only because the songs are so good.  We have sung a few of these at church with our youth and I went searching so I could carry the songs with me.  Jeff Johnson is a very talented artist, all the songs help lead you into a worship time and prepare your heart for listening.  Although I found it late, I am so glad I found it at all.  Truly a Cd that will be listened to again and again.
I listen in the church, many people has been blessed for this kind of music, but I can not find here in my country, in the libraries.
Encontr&eacute; la m&uacute;sica por accidente y ME ENCANTO. Tenia que comprarlo.I was looking for a song and accidentally found this album. I only listened to a few full songs through Youtube and I didn't have to hear anymore. AWESOME album!!!! Each song is unique. Great , fun worship!!!
I purchased this CD based solely on the song that I heard on a Spanish Christian radio station in my area.&#8226;#5 on the CD is Anhelo tu prescenciaAll the songs will become a favorite, but since this is the first song that I heard, this is the first song that I will cherish.The video is available on YouTube.comThanks for reading.
Una sola palabra ESPECTACULAR!Marco Barrientos sobrepasa las limitaciones de un CD y baja la unci&oacute;n del Espiritu Santo y la presencia de Dios a tu alrededor.Excelente para comenzar una relaci&oacute;n con Dios verdadera o fortalecer una ya existente.Muy buena compilaci&oacute;n, canciones como "En ti quiero vivir" declara un cambio en el estilo de vida y "Solo a Ti" "Anhelo tu Presencia" nos transportan al cielo para disfrutar adorando al Rey de Reyes junto a sus angeles.No me canso de oirlo.
Really good. Reminds me of my days and nights at  Brownsville Assembly Of GOD, Pensacola FL when the church was in Revival.A person really feels the Spirit of GOD.
I thoroughly enjoyed the whole cd, As a matter of fact I was at the recording session, and the cd sounded just as good as the live session.It's a must have for your collection.
If you like amazing, modern vocal arrangements, you will love this album. It's selections and performances do not disappoint. Each of the composers profiled on the album were students of Mademoiselle Boulanger and her profound impact can be heard in each composition. The diversity of perspectives on this album is one thing that makes it stand out as a favorite of mine. Listen to the mysterious "Wedding Cantata IV: Set Me As A Seal" or the harmonious "Old American Songs: III. Zion's Walls" for some truly great examples of the musicianship and range of the Soldiers' Chorus.
This is the best Christian rock album of the 70's and one of the 5 best of all time. As far as secular music goes, this will stand well next to anything issued in 1979.Resurrection Band was a group of tight, creative, proffesional musicians led by the twin vocal titans, Glen and Wendy Kaiser. Both are dynamic lead vocalists capable of carrying any song. Glen's similar to, say Peter French (Leaf Hound, Atomic Rooster). The lovely Wendy is somewhere in the neighborhood of Grace Slick (Jefferson Airplane/Starship, The Great Society). When harmonizing, weell secular bands have rarely had that powerful of combination.Midnight Son starts off side one, and comes out rockin'! This is heavy rock as it's meant to be done. This band kicks, well you know, what Balaam smote (Numbers 22:23 AV). Strongman is a slower, but hard rockin' number dominated by Wendy's powerhouse vocals and the brilliant lead guitar work of Stu Heiss. This one's a killer! Afrikaans is an anti-aparthied song a few years ahead of the multi-group session in the 80's. Skyline is the type fo rocker Leaf Hound might do, with some amazing harmonica over really heavy riffing by the rhythm guitars. Possibley this album's greatest weakness is in the mix of this song. The guitars are too low. Still a pleasure from start to finish. The side finishes out with the best slow number of the album. Very well written, played and soulfully sung. Glen takes the lead guitar spot on this one, and it comes out sounding alot like the one in Far Away by Uli Roth on Scorpion's '74 masterpiece Fly To The Rainbow. Not a copy, but I think that's where the inspiration came from.Side two opens with another rocker, the title track, Rainbow's End. Again powered by the vocals of Wendy and killer leads by Stu. This band's songwriting is top notch. Lyrics and music are mature and very well crafted. Following this you have an Eastern flavored ballad about the pure bliss sex was intended to be. Superb song. Back to the hard rockin' with Sacrifice Of Love. This band never bores you. Always fresh and exciting. Wolfsong may just be the hardest rocker on here. Another I could here Leaf Hound doing. Closing out the album is a slow progressive number that finishes out with a brilliant sax solo.I first got a hold of this album in late '79 or very early '80, a gift from a DJ that knew I liked hard rock. My friends and I were blown away by how good it was. Let's face it, the majority of Christian rock groups are usually substandard copies of secular bands. Not so here! This ranks up there with the best of '79. Get It before it goes out of print again!
Certainly Christian rock has been around a lot longer, but Resurrection Band is one of the stalwarts of the genre, and Rainbow's End is the perfect example of this. The music is very strong and with a lot of passion. The vocals are powerful and energetic. Take, for example, the album's opening track, "Midnight Son", with an almost Ozzy-like vocal attack and driving guitar-and-bass riff.Another convincing highlight for raw power is the title track, with something of a harmonic blast of synthesizer and female vocal wailing, which can really move you. Frankly, she can remind you a lot of Ann Wilson of Heart, which is not easy to do.While many of the tunes on this album convey something of a "typical" style of Christian message, the level of emotion and conviction in the songs really make it come alive. This album, simply put, makes Christian rock viable and worthy of attention.
This is one of the best Christian Rock albums out there from one of the best Christian rock bands of all time.
This is truly music to wake the dead. Rainbow's End is the best Rez Band album of all-time. Makes you want to pick up the guitar and go preach the Gospel.
I first got a copy of this album in casette form way back around 1982. I was in the Baptist Church at the time and I was JONESING band for some good rock and roll. Personally I am NOT a fan of MOST vintage Christian Rock, but the first TWO Resurrection Band lps were masterpieces. The lp has two TREMENDOUS and beautiful rock ballads: Paint a Picture and Everytime It Rains. Everytime it Rains is really one of the best songs you may ever hear. Paint a Picture is equally as good. Since I am not a musician it is really very hard for me to describe the quality of an album so folks will have to take my recommendation with a grain of salt. Concert for a Queen is another beautiful love song. The rest of the songs are more Rock and roll oriented. Any fan of Rock and Roll or of Rez or the Resurrection band MUST own the first two cds. These are NOT cheesy Christain albums. The music is NOT WIMPY and SAPPY as many Christian bands seemed to be. I was browsing recently on Youtube exploring other OLD Christian Bands. The Resurrection Band was simply doing something else entirely. The first TWO cds Awaiting Your Reply 1978 and Rainbow's End 1979 were recorded for the Star Song label. This is the label that put out most of the early Petra cds. After the first two lps the band was then produced by Light Records and then Sparrow. They finally came of age in the mid to late 80's being produced by Grrr Records, who has a WEBSITE where you can buy these cds. Ok, this is all I am going to write. These two albums are CLASSIC rock albums with Christain lyrics. The albums are musical masterpieces and exhibit very professional musicianship. I DO NOT carry on about the other albums on the other labels. The band changed their sound for those albums going sort of new wave. These are the STRONGEST CDS in the band's CLASSIC catalogue. Everything else was BUILT upon the LEGEND of these two cds. :)
I've always loved this album, and "Awaiting Your Reply", by Resurrection Band (they didn't change to Rez Band until many albums later, but later they came to there senses and changed back).I've recently started converting my old Liquorice Pizza's (LP), and cassettes, to Digital. But many of my cassettes are not playable, and "Rainbow's End" one of them. So, it was a great surprise to find it on Amazon!My only complaint is with Amazon.The name of the band is clearly seen at the bottom of the album cover. It's Resurrection Band, not Rez Band. Yeah, I'm one of those people who refuse to call the album "The Beatles" the white album. I'll go with the name the artist gave it.Also, what's with the album cover with "Awaiting Your Reply" inlaid on it? They have the correct ones to choose from. The one they chose is the one that shows up on my player. So, I had to go back and copy the correct one, then paste it on my player (and change the year to 1979, and the artist to Resurrection Band). I expect a $1 coupon for the extra work! LOL
I had this album on cassette when I was about six. It's so great to relive those memories. Great album.
This group sounds great. No instruments, just great harmony.  Would recommend adding Before The Throne and their Christmas album to your collection too.
A friend let me borrow this CD. It's awesome. They are able to cover songs in a way that brings out their unique musical abilities and style. Seamless transitions between tracks, simple yet beautiful guitar work, and awesome vocals combine for a wonderful play it from beginning to end worship experience!
Ridgely was acoustic-folk-harmony before acoustic-folk-harmony was cool. The first time I heard them play was at Tulane University in 1995 when they opened a small show for Caedmon's Call. I loved their music then, and I love this album now. Great stuff!
I too listened to and saw them in Louisiana in the '90's both alone and opening up for other bands.... Seeing this album brings back memories.
Still Amazed is a good blend of old and new worship songs.  In fact, the title track of Still Amazed (Amazing Grace) is a creative update on an old standard.  The words are from the original hymn, but the music gives an upbeat twist to the song.  I still love the original music, but this is a novel and respectful presentation of the song with a whole new feel with the same rich lyrics.Ancient of Days and Not I But Christ are two original pieces written by the music director who has also written a song done by Rebecca St James.  Not I But Christ celebrates the beauty of surrender to the Jesus and was penned backstage while listening to a sermon on that same theme.  It was performed for the first time moments after the sermon concluded and has been a favorite ever since.Hosanna and Revelation 19 are great anthems of praise that will having you singing aloud in traffic.  Son of God and In Christ Alone are reverent selections for introspective times of worship.All in all, a great first effort from Bent Tree.  I look forward to more from them in the future.
Peasall Sisters with Shane and Shane. Beautiful, rolling versions of classic Christian hymns. Sort of re-invented. I love to listen to these while I'm exercising or driving or just need a little boost.
Three classic hymns rearranged to contemporary bluegrass stylings with beautiful instrumentals and harmonies. Leaves you praising Jesus and wanting more!
Dying Star is Jason's best CD to date.  I own about 5 of his CDs.  Though all of them are good.  This one is the best.  Key of David, in my opinion is the second best.This CD is anointed.  The lyrics are challenging.  I find myself praying along with the songs.  I also find the music the most well thought out he is done.  I will be surprised if he ever puts out another album this good again.
Thank you for this first album! Great message and rhythms!It absolutely convinced me, though I do not listen to this kind of music that often.Go for it! AMAZING :)
He is a very gifted man of God who is bringing the truth of God through the genre of Lyrical theology and the music is straight fire. If you enjoy real music that is God centered and lyrical get this album.
I got this album back in 2003-2004 while in College. Andale's wordplay, production, and style is high quality. He's rapping a positive Christ centered message. If I'm not mistaken this is his debut album. Standouts on the album include "Desire of Ages" and "I'm not worthy."
This cd like none other captures my intimate picture of God.  I have bought cd after cd in a search for this and all that I can say is that I would love to have more songs that express this absolute honest and intimate love of God.
These songs are so beautiful. Her deep devotion and love for God shines through in her songs.  I find myself having Rama moments and feeling the overwhelming love of the Father and the love I have for Him.  "Relentless" is also a good cd.
This is a great album for the soul and is faith inspiring! A good way to worship God! Enjoy it!
It just took me a few weeks of singing these in the car and I know them all (and I'm pretty terrible at memorization). I hope he comes out with the other two volumes before too long.
I've learned so much about scripture by memorizing and reflecting on the Westminster Shorter Catechism. I'm very grateful for this album because without it, I definitely couldn't have committed it to memory! This must have been a ton of work -- I'm amazed at how enjoyable the tunes are considering they were written for a 17th century document that was not intended to be set to music. Thanks Bruce!
Most CDs with hymns or scripture verses are so heavy on the music it doesn't matter what the words are. I am happy this music is nice without being overpowering. I'm also glad it is not so feminine that my sons would be embarrassed to listen to or sing it. Nice guitar music and a good way to learn.
I stumbled across the first few songs from this album posted on YouTube and was so excited to find the entire album The Shorter Catechism, Vol. 1, plus a new second album, The Shorter Catechism: Sacraments and Prayer by Bruce Benedict, here on Amazon. Bruce makes it easy to learn the catechism with a wide variety of delightful, creative songs and using quite a selection of instruments---primarily based around the guitar. Great for memorization, meditation, and music to clean by!Vol. 1 contains Questions & Answers 1-38.Sacraments and Prayer contains Q&As; 86-107.Thank you, Bruce! (Hope you are working on putting Q&As; 39-85 to music, too!)
Bruce Benedict did a great job on this Volume. As you can imagine, turning 17th century theological summaries into catchy tunes could be challenging. But he did it, and many of the songs are actually quite beautiful (Q: 05 and Q: 20, for example). By the time I got to my flashcards to prepare for licensure, I already knew the questions from listening in the car! Thank you, Bruce!
I loved it.  Great way to memorize.  though I would recommend printing them out... especially for ordination.  Some of his words are muddled and hard to understand.. and oh please find another way to do number 17.. impossible.
"Into the Sky" and "Lion of Judah" are my favorites, "Father of the Fatherless" is also a top fave. It's very awesome worship music. He just draws you in and includes you in the worship, you feel like your there at his concert and you forget everybody and everything and worship.
If you like Jason Upton, this live album is great...I especially like this version of Emma (Not Alone).
This CD and Jason Upton's music has ministered to me in so many ways. Emma (Not Alone) touches my heart, and re-affirms that even though I am going through a devastating divorce (in which my husband left me), I know that my Father God will never leave me, and He is always with me!
I find myself coming back to this album quite a bit while praying for people. The beginning of the album is really touching with Emma & The Spirit of Adoption - which is a theme that resonates with a lot of people.This is a very good album for ministry times and/or deeper times of worship. I consider this the type of Jason music that I love.
Oh God, seriously. Its 4 years later, (after the original release date)...  I am so blessed to have found this piece, (PEACE)! This album is a must have. Though I have favorites, I would recommend that you buy the whole album. I mean, don't wait. Download or buy the whole album. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!Much love to the whole team @ Mr. Uptons camp.
This is what happens when complete transparency of heart reaches to God in worship. All of Jason's albums come from this place, but there's just something disarmingly beautiful about Between Earth and Sky. It truly is balm for the hurting heart. Jason's honesty of heart is like a gravitational pull that woos the listener into his or her own place of honesty with God. The childlike innocence of Jason sharing the story behind "Into the Sky" is enough to soften the most hardened heart. "Father of the Fatherless" is a pure heart cry to meet with our heavenly Daddy. "Lion of Judah" finishes the record with the powerful call to a generation to run against the grain for the love of Jesus. The only thing wrong with this album is that it ends too soon. But these eight tracks are some of the best Jason has ever put out. This is probably my favorite of his records, and I heartily recommend it to you. Listen and be healed, refreshed and changed.
Isa is an anointed worshipper. Her spirit is able to connect with our Saviour and worship him in a beautiful and true way. Rend The Heavens has been a favorite of mine since I first heard her sing it and this album is a great complement to that original song from God. Bless you Isa.
These are some of my favorite musicians / song-writers, so I knew I couldn't go wrong.  Not at all disappointed.  I actually bought this a year ago and use it often as background music for contemplation, Bible reading, etc.  I like instrumental music when I'm working on things also, but have trouble using this for that kind of thing because it just seems to draw me into worship.
I was in my local club when I first heard Jerry Tiffie. He was singing &#34;Beyond the sea&#34; and I thought it was Sinatra, but said no, must be Darrin and realized it wasn't him either. Went to the Juke Box and read Jerry Tiffie; who is that? Well, since I am a big Sinatra and Darrin fan, I love this music. Clear voice, no gimmicks, understandable words and big band accompanyment. Refreshing for me to see this type of vocal performance reemerge. Great album!
I worked as a DJ in the Bahamas, New York, and the midwest. This album features two of the best songs that I've ever heard. Praiz is very talented. He can sing, rap, write, and produce. If he had the proper promotion (and if it was God's will) he would out sell the top sellers of all time: Whitney Houston, Garth Brooks, Michael Jackson, and Elvis Pressley. I'm serious. Three of the songs are instant classics. It's a great album.
For those who cut their spiritual teeth on hymns and gospel songs in countless churches across the English speaking world in the twentieth century, this album is a rich treasure.  Despite the unsophisticated look of the performers, the quality of their presentation is astounding!.  It is like a cool clear drink of water for the soul to simply put this album on and let it sooth tired nerves, and brighten the day.  The mission statement of Valerie Knies is as clear as her soprano voice.  She wants to preserve these songs, words and melodies for we who love them and for those who come after us.  She is no schmunk musically either.  If you have an older version of I Tunes you may have to set your equalizer to emphasize the bass because the clarity of the soprano notes is too much for some speakers.  I am Loving it.
I really want to thank this brother in Christ for being committed to bringing forth the truth and not folding to the devil.  Thank You!
God bless him very much! God helped me so much through his music, specially &#34;God&#34;. It really glorifies the Lord and goes through the amazing things that the Lord made for his people and his chosen ones. God bless Lavoisier
When I consider all the dreck that passes for today's American music, this record stands out as a real beacon of what America really can be when it wants to.
ETERNAL DECISION HAVE BEEN ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS SINCE I HEARD HUNGER THOUGHT IT WAS UNRELEASED METALICA OR MEGADETH LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE...BUT I SEARCHED AROUND AND FOUND OUT THAT WASN'T THE CASE.....I NOW LISTEN TO MORE CHRISTIAN HEAVY METAL NOW......SO FAR SO GREAT
I like everything about this band, however while the vocals are cool, they have a tinge of "cartman" to them, if you listen to a couple of samplesyou'll know what I mean.
Okay so I just recently bought this album and I must say it is absolutely amazing! fantastic! Get Metallica to sing about Jesus and you got Eternal Decision right their for you! A must buy for any thrash metal fan.
Wow! I found another album by these great guys. (Rusty York & The Kentucky Mountian Boys) This album comes with 28 stellar performances and this one is every bit as good as the first one I bought. Hope to hear more from them in the future.
I have like this somg from the first time I heard it.  Yes, I have needed a brighter day, recently.  I praise God for being able to find encouragement through music.
This CD is my all time favorite of Shirley Caesar.  I use to have the actual copy but lost it years ago.  I was very happy to see that I could buy the MP3 version on Amazon and it was immediately added to my I-Tunes.
If you got the Gospel bug, you should have had this years ago as I did. Updated to cd version. Love it as much as I did in th late '80s when it came out on cassette...another classic!
The album is an awesome blessing! The album is an awesome blessing! Truly It is a Blessing! Hold My Mule! Say YEAH!
This album has always been my favorite one by Phil Keaggy.I bought it when it originally came out (yes, on cassette) and practically wore it out.It does have something of a Beetles-esque ring to it, but not in a bad way.Love this album - may have to buy it again on mp-3.
I bought this when it first came out on cassette tape.I must have worn the tape out. It went everywhere with me and was rarely out of my Sony Walkman. I love the Beatle-esque sound, purposely made that way by Keaggy, a huge Beatles affection ado.The songs vary but start initially with the upbeat tempo we have come to love from probably the most well-known Beatles era  - around 1964-66. The album shifts and changes to more downbeat and serious topics - Blessed be the Ties as one of them. But the flow of the album moves from happy to serious to light to sombre so you feel a rolling to the emotional landscape.Whilst the lyrics hint at spiritual matters and view points, it wasn't overtly so and could quite happily be played around friends who have no interest in &#34;churchy&#34; music.In fairness, I never ventured further than this album in regards to Phil Keaggy so I have no idea what the rest of his catalogue is like but this particular piece has very special and fond memories of my early twenties.Certainly worth having and I think I'll be getting the MP3 version shortly
This is one of my favorite albums, ever. It's probably THE favorite. Phil Keaggy and Randy Stonehill run tight harmonies throughout and the vintage instruments and amplifiers they used take this album to another level. If you love the Beatles, you will love this album. It's tight!
I consider this album Phil Keaggy's best and most creative album.  The album has very much a Beatlisk feel.  There are some very good songs on this album.  I had a tape copy of this album over twenty years ago and was delighted when I found the album on Amazon available as a MP3 download.  Russ Taff even joins Keaggy on &#34;Ain't Got No&#34;.
My wife and I love great gospel music and this album has many songs that we love. Great album and music.
Back in middle school I had never been to a concert, much less one in a large venue like Rupp Arena.  So I jumped at the chance to see The Imperials in concert with my church youth group.  At the time I knew nothing of the group or its music beyond its Christian basis; however, I was blown away by the music and the experience.  I immediately bought a cassette of &#34;Let the Wind Blow&#34; before leaving the arena and never looked back.
I agree whole-heartedly with Shonuff.  This was my favorite album as a teen.  Definitely the Imperials' best.  But that old cassette is long worn out.  Glad to see it available again so I can share it with my kids.
I thought so in 1985 and STILL think In The Promised Land is a great track. Maybe because it meant a lot to me personally, but it was the 1st time I realized Christian music could be funky and deep and inspiring, and that meant a lot to me as a former full time bass player who quit the road life as a new Christian. And the other track I listened to rePEATedly is Let the Wind Blow. I agree this was one of the best Christian records ever... it taught me early on to listen and hope through music. I also credit Phil Keaggy's Town to Town as a similarly great breakthrough recording in my life.
Simply, a brilliant LP. A quality production that is chock full of foot tapping goodness. Not very often an LP has 2 great sides with great song after great song, 'Let the wind blow' does. Bought this new on Vinyl, must be nearly 30 years ago, and I still regularly play it today, one of my all time fav's, maybe even my all time favourite.
Most of the songs on this album I love. Classic Imperials (without Russ Taff, of course.) Awesome! Love the keys, strings, pads, and background vocals.
I'm surprised to see nobody has reviewed this album yet, as I think it's the best one the Imperial's ever put out & in my opinion....one of the best Christian albums of all time! Evidently other people agree because it's extremely rare to find this album even online because if you have one, you're not gonna let go of it! The title song to the album, "Let The Wind Blow" got most of the credit but I love EVERY song on here! There is as a balanced blend of slow & upbeat songs. It was my favorite album 25 years ago, when I was a new Christian & it still ministers to me just the same today!
This is such a great song. A wonderful song tor praise and worship. Big Daddy Weave does not disappoint me with any of their songs.
Loving the early 90's Christian pop sound to Cindy's debut album I wish she'd go back to sounding like this....but all in all she has a blessed voice and this album tells us so!
If  your a fan of Sixpence None The Richer this is a jewel for you. I have always loved Leigh Nash's voice and with this being acoustic it was really to my liking.
If you miss the choirs of the 1970s and 1980s then this is a good cd for you.  There are classics on here and today's music, while uplifting, does not have the same feel.  These choirs are like synchronized swimming or marching bands.  It's the combination of voices and the wonderful things the individuals do together that make it remarkable.  Today's music focuses too much on solos or individual artists without the collective, in my opinion.
My younger sister got married in March. Another sister wanted to sing this song I never heard of called "When You Say Nothing At All" at the wedding. The bride called me a few days before the wedding in panic because our baby sister hadn't rehearsed at all because she didn't have the music. She had no idea where to buy the music without the vocals. I downloaded all of the variations because I didn't know what key she would sing it in. I burned it to a CD and gave it to her the next day after my flight arrived to my home town. She practiced it for one day before the wedding and played it as background music while she sang at the wedding. The background singer version is nice as well as the version without background singers. And there is also a track with the main vocals to practice along with.
In my opinion, this is his best.  This is CLASSIC David Meece!  It's right up there with Michael W. Smith and the other classic greats, such as Amy Grant, The Imperials, and White Heart...to name a few.  This album will never be old, stale, or out of date.  Listen, wait 10 years, and listen again...it will still be as fresh as the first time you heard it!
David Meece has always been my favorite CCM artist. This is one of his best albums highly reccomend it. Easy to download and put on my player.
love this cd for a christian band reallly good songs i love the whole album my favorite song is stranger r which is about jesus take a listen anthor hard find and the price is ggod 2
Excellent melodic hard rock album !  Buy this !  Also buy / seek out albums from these bands here on AMAZON MP3 :  MAGNITUDE 9  -- GUARDIAN --- TNT --- ICON
I love the feeling that Richard Smallwood adds to music he sings to God's glory.  Music moves me and many people.
I was given this song title as a song to possibly sing @ our church's Easter service by my music director. After listening, it became clear that I wanted to sing it. So, a lengthy search began for the accompaniment track. Ultimate Tracks' version is for me the sure winner over the others I sampled. This one sounds like the original. I was very pleased with this. You would be too!
Worked out well for a wedding. This song requires a fairly wide vocal range, and the short musical interlude in the middle needed turned down a little.
I am doing this song for my son's wedding. It's an excellent song in 3 doable ranges. Very easy to learn and with a good meaning.
It is true that only Jesus savesI love the song.See even the tider intrud you to listend and when you listend you love itBecause as a christien you know that only in Jesus Christ can you be saveBecause him alone pay the price for your ransomHim alone can save your soulI love it I will reconmande it to all.
I used to own the tape, way back in the 80's.  I had to re-own it again so I could listen to all the great songs and bring back some great memories.  It really is a great album to own.
This song is simple and poignant enough for the children to sing and meaningful enough for anyone of any age to understand. It segments  life with Christ as it occurs and reminds me of the joy we have in Him. The different keys allow any voice range to enjoy its simple message.
We were able to purchase this last minute.  We could play it from the online player to practice.  Then, I downloaded all the tracks and burned a CD to use in church.  It turned out well I thought.  No complaints.
Thank God John didn't just stick to producing/developing other talent and decided to use the voice and writing skills that earned three multi-platinum winning albums with Kansas, to put together a collection of meaningful songs that has had me listening to the entire album over and over again.  I don't remember the last time when an album has had such an effect on me.  My only regret is I hadn't heard of this album that has been around since 1995 before now.  I also purchased his Revolution of Mind, which with a slightly harder rock sound is equally captivating.  Again...Thank God!!!
This is a inspring debut cd by John Elefante. its awesome to listen to  with a messege of God's amazing love, grace and mercy. Checkout John Elefante's other cds Corridors, Defying Gravity, Christmas Time Is Here EP and On My Way to the Sun You Will be Blest, Encouraged and  Inspired
What can one say about a great pianist and song writer. This cd has great story telling ability and moving moments.
This is the best of all his albums! I choke up every time on the crucifixion medley. Brings back great memories of when I saw him in concert.
This is David Meece at his best,  I got this as a casette tape back in 1983 lost it glad I was able to purchase it on Amazon
This album helped to usher in what I consider to be the "Golden Era" of contemporary christian music, when the art form of CCM finally outgrew it's addicted to mediocrity adolescence.  Best cuts:  "Are You Ready", "Peace In My Heart", and the holiday standard "We are the Reason". In my view, by far his best.
Good quality, as expected. Options for three different key ranges which is nice if you cannot sing it in the original key.
I performed this in the High Key used in the demo track.  The lyrics are powerful and anyone with a love for the Word of God will be blessed.  I've heard the Low Key performed by Michael Harris, which is what led me to get this.  Beautiful song!
While not an exact replica of Ray Boltz's performance track, this is close enough that most people will only notice the difference by playing them together, and it's considerably cheaper. This is performed in a starting key of G, with a modulation to Ab. The vocal range for a male is E3 - F4.
My mother needed a song to sing at church, and she chose this one.  Amazon was great with the download speed.  Exceedingly happy.
The first Dakoda Motor Co. album I heard was Welcome Race Fans, which I loved, but Into the Son is even better. This is just some upbeat, feel-good music with pleasant-sounding vocals (well, Davia's anyways--sorry, Peter!). The guitar solos are amazing as well.There's very little Christian pop music I'd recommend to non-Christians. I definitely recommend Dakoda Motor Co. to everyone, though!
I love this Band Dakota Motor Company great old school Christian Rock.... Check them out.Into the Son
I just love him! He's my favorite Christian male singer. What a God given talent. AND OH BOY-when he hits those high notes-if that doesn't make you sit up & take notice-YOU MUST BE DEAD!!!! LOL
My mother loves this song so much. Wife Loved it to, and I'm pleased with thier response to the song.
Good set of accompaniment tracks.  Uses guitars as part of background music - not a good or bad thing, just noting the difference.
This is an excellent collection from the innovative, hard rock/grunge/rap/Christian band. This set has 11 songs that were not just hits on Christian rock charts, but crossed over to become hits on the mainstream and modern rock charts as well, including the classics Southtown, Boom, Alive, Rock the Party, and their biggest hit Youth Of The Nation. If you like heavy metal, grunge, and hard rap, you should like P.O.D. whether you are a Christian or not. In fact many Christians may be offended by their hard edge and gritty sound.
I LIKE P.O.D  AND ALL MY CDS WERE STOLEN.  THIS HAS ALL THE HITS SO I WAS ABLE TO GET THE SONGS I WANTED WITHOUT REBUYING ALL THE ALBUMS.
All the absolute BEST of POD in one album! Love that it even includes the rare but stellar track from The Matrix Reloaded- &#34;Sleeping Awake&#34; (my personal fav POD song)
This one is for thosed days when you need to get stuff done! Love it!!!
If your a Christian and love Rock then this is for you. Great rock sound no bad words or disrespect to anyone. Great men of God love there work. May God bless.
POD has been making amazing music for 20 years now and this album is a great way to summarize the hits from their first 15 years.  Their rap/rock style has been often imitated but their brand is special: it raw, real and conscious.  These guys love what they do and it show on every track.  When you want to rock, put this on and jam
This POD album is a great one to buy. It has all the &#34;big hits&#34; . I recommend this one highly!
I heard these guys on the radio for the first time this year and had to have their music. Since I didn't have the money to buy all their CDs I bought the Greatest Hits, Great CD, Great Music, Great Messages. I am so grateful for these types of bands because they help me to connect using music that moves me to listen more. Cannot wait to buy my next P.O.D. CD.
Really enjoyed this compilation. All there big songs are on it. If there was one thing I could change, it would have been to add the remix version of Lights Out instead of the Testify album version. But otherwise an excellent collection.
Every song in this album brings back such fond memories of my childhood.  I had forgotten how rich and wonderful B.J. Thomas' voice is until hearing this album again.
Buenisimo lo recomiendo a todos los compradores ExelenteMuy recomendadoBuenisimo lo recomiendo a todos los compradoresBuenisimo lo recomiendo a todos los compradores
This is the exact track I was looking for. My choir sounded great singing with this track. Great purchase for me.
Milton Brunson's music remains relevant today.  Kim McFarland's instantly recognizable &#34;For the Good of Them&#34; is reason enough to buy the album; however, every other song on the cd meets the Brunson standard as well.  Many have tried to imitate the Thompson Community Singers, but none have come close.  They say imitation is the best form of flattery, but I'd just go with the original if I were you.
Each song incorporates something from Scripture.  &#34;My Deliverer&#34; is one of my all time favorites, but this CD has many good songs.
This is a great album by a hot up and coming band. The sound is similar to Good Charlotte at times. Great sound with a possitive feel.
I Had the Cassette Tape of "Burn This Record" By The Lead in 1990 OR '91 and lost it years back. Been Trying to find this stuff for about 10 years now. than i stumbled on this looking at Amazon.com in 2010. What A Great Find! Complete Collection. This is Some Seriously Thought-ful and Raw Christian Noise, Epecially the Last 15 or so Tracks. A Real Keeper if yur into the things of God. HARDCOREFORJESUS YAAA!
This is something you can't afford not to hear, doesn't allow the so called truth to cover the real truth, this cd is gold, and the songs are directed towards brothers who can't really rap but act like they can, this is platinum put it in your cd player and hop!
Very easy to listen to and enjoy.  Real feelings and true praise and joy.  All of Carolyn's music is great but this might be her forte.  Get it.
Awesome- Lyrics and singing! First time I heard Run After Me(someone else singing it) I broke down crying-words are so true and powerful, so had to find the song!!
I discovered Jessica by providential accident about three or four years ago and found that her worship ushers me into the presence of God.  I will buy anything she puts out.  If you haven't checked her out, I encourage you to do so, perhaps on YouTube.
I was privileged to hear Cori recently in acoustic format (just her and her guitar and a microphone) and meet her in person. What a warm, sincere, friendly person. If you like heartfelt, upbeat folk music, hers is among the best. She has a wonderful, pure voice and sings and writes from the heart and from her personal experiences. I haven't heard her Christmas album yet, but my family tells me it is deeply touching. I would heartily recommend any of her albums to anyone who'd like to be transported back to heartwarming life experiences. Listening to Cori sing is a mesmerizing, wonderful experience.
Iffyou are a fan of Andrus and Blackwood...you will thoroughly enjoy this album.  If you have not heard of them try them...you will like them.
I was just as surprised with this one as I was with Prologue to This Drama.  I liked the authentic transparency in each song.  More than &#34;songs&#34; these are uniquely written life messages that we all can identify with and brings the true reality of the unhindered love and grace of God into our everyday existence.
These days the music we listen to can have such an influence on our lives.  More importantly on our children who may be listening.  As a father of 5, I can assure you that if they are listening they hear more than you might and will remember it easier than you.  This CD of Charlie's is very positive and uplifting, very satisfying for those of us who want more in life outside of the way the modern world sees things.  And SUPER SAFE and GREAT for your family to listen to... You will enjoy this CD!God Bless,Dan
I think Mr Cohen's music is youthful, powerful, inspiring and compelling.If you like pop or techno then I would recommend this cd to you.
Has some funny dramatized skits with some heart felt music.. other songs were really hard, and energy pumping!! Can't wait for more Aviad!
The first time someone showed me the cover of this CD I thought they were joking. Slicked-back hair, dark glasses, carrying a keyboard underneath a banner reading "The artist formerly known as 50 Shekel." Seriously?! YES, seriously!! I would describe this CD as pop-funk Messianic Jewish dance music. What does that sound like? I don't know, Aviad Cohen is the only one I know who sounds like this! The first track makes standing still virtually impossible while singing the lyrics "Lord, we delight in your Shabbat!" This album shows that Biblically-based music does not have to be boring or cheesy. And, to me, there's something about his vocals and music that is somewhat reminiscent of the Pet Shop Boys. A great CD for dancing or listening (and maybe even worshiping). Thanks Aviad! Keep 'em coming!
Love this music. It downloaded quickly and everything was just as described. I can put the music on all my devices.
Aviad Cohen (formerly known as 50 Shekel) is talented and smart.  He keeps it real with lyrics that make you think, while his musical abilities create a feel-good vibe. I wish there was more from this artist.