I have used this for years without a problem, but I believe that they have changed the formula, because it quit working a few months ago when I bought my new batch.  My vet said that they have gotten a lot of similar complaints, and that long time users have switched to other products.  I am now using Advantix which works great, and also is supposed to repel mosquitoes, but there have been some cases where Advantix causes a skin reaction in some dogs, so you might want to try a single dose before buying an entire package.I wonder if these mail order purchases are old stock from before a possible formula change.
As is common in the pet feed business, this just another marketing ploy to get consumers to buy a pretty looking bag. It has a lame celebrity endorsement which gives the company an excuse to jack up the price. The ingredients are not that great and there is not a lot of quality meat or vegetables in this food. Some of the top ingredients listed: brown rice, ground rice, dried beet pulp, poultry fat. While not as bad as Alpo or Ol'Roy, this is still a low quality food, full of cheap fillers. What these manufacturers also do not want you to know is where their ingredients come from. Many come from China and have caused several illnesses and deaths for dogs in the US and Canada. There are better foods to buy your dogs if they have allergies or if you want to go grain free, like Merrick and Arcana.
Since it was free, I thought I'd try Rachel Ray's Beef & Rice Recipe Dog food. My dog has not liked the other Rachel Ray dry dog food flavors at all. She will only eat this dry food if mixed with wet dog food (the Rachel Ray Turkey wet food she liked).My pup is a rescue and will eat just about anything, including raw vegetables, but this - she leaves in her dish until either starving or I mix it with something else. I have tried adding water & heating it, no go.In contrast, my dog will eat "Ol' Ralphs" dry dog food which sells locally for $20.00 for a 50 lb bag. Even though this product was free, I cannot recommend it.
Ever since we had a dog with food allergy issues, I have been very careful to read ingredients and make sure I know what is in dog food. Yes, chicken is the first ingredient listed on this product but it is followed by chicken meal, ground rice, corn meal, soybean meal, poultry fat, (preserved with mixed tocopherois), corn gluten meal, brown rice, oatmeal, dried plain beet pulp, natural flavor, dicalcium phosphate, salt, calcium carbonate, dehydrated alfalfa, dried peas, dried carrots, dried tomatoes, potassium chloride, chlorine cloride, olive oil, vitamin E supplement, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, iron oxide, dried parlsley, l-Ascorbyl-2-polyphosphate (sounds like a failed science experiment) (I meant, source of vitamin C), mixed tocopherois, niacin, manganese sulfate, copper sulfate, D-calcium pantothenate, biotin, sodium selenite, vitamin A supplement, riboflavin supplement, vitamin D3 supplement, thiamine mononitrate, pyridoxine hydrochloride, menadione sodium bisulfate complex, vitamin B12 supplement, potassium iodine, cobalt sulfate, folic acid. YummY!I would never knowingly feed a dog ingredients I can't pronounce or don't know the meaning of. This is how to give a dog allergies.
I was disappointed upon consulting the ingredients list of this food to find that the first ingredient listed was.....corn. I just can't recommend a dog food that contains more corn than it does any other ingredient.  The second ingredient was a meat "meal" and the next few were other grains.  While I do realize that dogs need balance in their diet just as we do, this is NOT a balanced diet for them and doesn't come anywhere close to meeting their nutritional requirements.
This dog food contains mostly corn and disgusting animal digest (slaughter house scraps like hooves, hair, feathers, etc). People are fooled into buying this because of the commercials and packaging. These types of foods do not give dogs the protein they need. It gives them awful gas because they cannot digest the corn meal. There are much better food for dogs like Natural Balance and Merrick's Before Grain. Don't waste your money on this garbage. Learn to read ingredient labels before you buy.
This is dog food and therefore, I did not consume it myself -- however, based on the colors and shapes of the kibbles, I think Beneful assumes that I will.My dogs ate the food just fine -- no digestive issues and no real complaints... but they are dogs... they would eat out of my cat's litter box if I let them.What struck me as a human is how colorful the kibbles are -- lots of reds and greens. Really? I'm guessing that isn't natural food color there but added to make the food look more appetizing to humans. I'm not a natural health food nut by any stretch of the imagination but even the skeptic in me thinks that at a minimum, they are spending a lot of money on the appearance of the food where I would rather know that that money was going towards nutrition.Finally, I can't be sure but I do believe my dogs are actually &#34;passing a lot more gas&#34; since they have been eating this food. If that is true, that is yet another reason not to use this food in the long run... my house is stinky enough as it is without the contributions of my dogs.[NCJVR]
I was excited about feeding my Golden Retriever and Bichon this food since it is touted as being so healthy, but after reading the ingredients I realize that it is NOT so healthy.  Ground yellow corn is the first ingredient!  What about all the veggies on the front?  I prefer to feed my dogs food that has  meat as the first ingredient...real meat!  Dogs are carnivores and need some meat in their diet and not just ground corn , chicken by-product meal (whatever that is) and corn gluten meal.  Not for my dogs!  A very poor quality dog food.
Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour: as my vet always says, how much corn and wheat do you think wolves eat in the wild? Most dog food has some sort of grain product in it to serve as a binder. But quality dog foods should not include multiple binders as their primary ingredients. This is sort of like taking a bag of corn meal and a bag of flour and mixing in powered carrots before feeding it to your kids. Excess carbohydrates have the same impact on your dog as they have on people. A better option isBlue Buffalo Dry Dog Food, Fish and Sweet Potato Recipe, 30-Pound Bagor a similar brand that has either no wheat products or wheat products low on the ingredients list.
When I first introduced Beneful everyone dug in.  I was thrilled & thought I had a winner.  However by the next day everyone was a lot less enthusiastic.  By the 3rd day the previous days food was still in the bowl & they were begging to be fed.  After the disastrous results of the last food (Chef Micheal's) I tried out on them, I wasn't going to play around.  They aren't eating it.  I'm not forcing the issue.  I put them back on their regular food & they are chowing down & happy.Normally I feed everyone high quality brands of feed like Wellness & Before Grain etc.  I probably would have rated this lower if it wasn't for how sick the Chef Micheal's brand made everyone.  That & the other brand had even worse ingredients than this!  So for that, I would have to say Beneful is better but not quality.  Beneful is suitable for low income situations at best such as animal shelters or as a "treat" when higher quality feed is the main food given.  In the end cheap foods end up costing more due to dogs that get sick more often creating more trips to the vet.  When one considers the true cost of food, the higher priced higher quality foods are in the end more economical.*Update* 8-15-13:  I originally gave this food 3 stars.  I would change it to 0 if it were possible.  According to Consumer Reports dogs are developing tumors and dying of cancer after eating Purina Beneful dog food.  The non profit 'Helping Hands For Animals' informed it's donators that it will no longer accept donations of Beneful dog food because they believe it is killing the dogs.
I got this for a neighbor's dog and the dog ate the first couple of bowlfuls, but then refused to eat more.  I've seen reviews telling of others who have had the same experience and can't help wondering about all the high reviews.
I requested this, thinking it was an upgraded version of a previous formula, but it is still not a quality product. The first ingredient boasts chicken, but the way dog food in the US is regulated, that could mean any part of the chicken including feathers, beaks, or intestines. In fact, Forbes just did a story on how dog food manufacturers are using feathers as a main protein source. There is an awful amount of soy in this food, which is not a natural part of a canine's diet. It also contains dyes and ground wheat which should never be found in any type of quality dog food. Although the package looks nice, there is really nothing healthy or "premium" (a buzzword used in the food industry) about this kibble. The addition of animal digest should make any dog owner's stomach turn. Chef Michael is a celebrity chef who I am not familiar with, but he should be ashamed of himself for allowing his name on this garbage. Lesson learned: read the label before buying any type of food for your family, including your pets. If Purina really cared about our companion animals, they would work most on what goes inside the food, instead of focusing on buzzwords, commercials, and fancy packaging.
Independent research shows that soy isn't good for cats and dogs. The beef in this dog food mitigates some of the incompleteness of the soy protein. But soybean meal and soy flour is well-known to commonly cause gastric distress. If you've ever had kids on formula, you probably tried the cheaper soy formula and discovered the problems it can cause.Ingredients: Beef, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat, brewers years, corn, glycerin, and on and on...I was disappointed with the length of the ingredient list. There were ingredients listed that I didn't know were food. Mostly I am cautious because of the soy additives and at any rate I would not feed this exclusively to a dog.
Too bad PURINA's Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food  didn't measure up. On the one hand, my dog loves it. She gobbles it up. She has been picky with dog food in the past so it was a relief to find something she would love to eat. However, when I got around to  reading the bag label, it says poultry by-products and animal digest, i.e., all the garbage that is left after slaughter, as well as animal fat, glycerin, salt, and a ton of preservatives. Yuck! That really grossed me out not only because well, animal digest is just gross itself, but because that could include feces, ecoli and salmonella! I had a friend whose dog died after eating dog food that contained salmonella. I don't want my dog eating this anymore and switched her to a more wholesome brand.
I have been trying some different products for a very, very picky eater.  Dogs either seem to love this food like candy or they won't even touch it (have tried it with a few dogs in the family).  I normally would not get food with such terrible ingredients, but sometimes you will try anything with a picky eater.  Well, my picky eater would barely smell this and turned her head away.  My sister's dog gobbled it up right away, but she is not very particular.  However, she started scratching after eating it.  After looking at the ingredients, I'm assuming it's probably because of the corn, but I'm not sure.  The ingredients that are of most concern are  poultry by-product, corn items, and wheat.  I also don't like that salt is added and coloring and flavoring.
I did NOT RECEIVE THIS ITEM!  I DID receive a bag of dog food but not the one I was supposed to get.The item that was shipped to me was a HUGE bag (38.5 pounds) of the following product.Hill's Science Diet Large Breed Dry Dog FoodThe box in which it was shipped was coming apart and it is a wonder that the product was still inside the box.  (Received yesterday October 2, 2013)It was too heavy for me to move.I asked a neighbor to take it as they have two large dogs, a boxer and a golden retriever.They reported today that both dogs love the food and "snarfed it down as soon as it went into their bowls and they were looking for more, pushing their bowls all over the kitchen floor."THEY said that they would give that variety of Hill's Science Diet dog food  FIVE STARS.I would still like to review the product that was in the Vine list.
Since it was free, I thought I'd try Rachel Ray's Limited Ingredient Dog food. My dog has not liked the other Rachel Ray dry dog food flavors at all. She will only eat this dry food if mixed with wet dog food (the Rachel Ray Turkey wet food she liked).My pup is a rescue and will eat just about anything, including raw vegetables, but this - she leaves in her dish until either starving or I mix it with something else. I have tried adding water & heating it, no go.In contrast, my dog will eat "Ol' Ralphs" dry dog food which sells locally for $20,00 for a 50 lb bag. Even though this product was free, I cannot recommend it.
My Doberman, Max, is hardly a picky eater. On the contrary, he eats just about anything I put in front of him. For reasons known only to Max he refuses to eat a single one of these chews from Pet Naturals. He is wiling to give them a quick sniff and he has even pushed one of them around with his nose just a wee bit. However, consumption is not on his "to do" list. I even tried rubbing a tad of various types of goodies that he really loves onto the chews but he will not fall for the ruse. Some dogs are really smart and the intelligence that Max displays at times really amazes me. It is most difficut to outsmart him. His refusal to even taste these chews leaves me no choice but to give them the lowest rating.I give Max Hip+Joint chews that are from Pet Naturals as well. These he loves and does not hesitate to consume them. Unfortunately, whatever Pet Naturals puts in the Daily Digest chews is a no-no to Max.
UPDATE - We've now owned this for a few months and it has stopped working. The indicator light is still working. It is located in the same area as always (same amount of sunshine etc). It is still filled. It simply won't spray or perform. It was never dropped, used harshly or abused in any way. We've cleaned the little solar panels which did nothing, attempted to make sure nothing was clogged or otherwise impacted...all to no avail. In short, this simply stopped working after a few months. Given the price, I can no longer suggest this as a good buy despite the terrific potential of the product.Original Review Follows -We live in an area where oppossum and racoons are a very real problem - unfortunately, we also have dogs which presents a very real risk of injury on both sides. Trapping simply doesn't work as more coon and oppossum simply move into the area as soon as the first are gone. When the wild animals started coming through the pets doors, we knew it was time to get serious about the issue and purchasedContech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler. We purchased a couple of them and love the fact that they are harmless but quite effective.Unfortunately, they were also limited by the ability to connect to a hose and the constant need to change the battery was an irritation. When this Elite spray away motion detector came up for review, I jumped at the opportunity. It is a bit pricey but well worth it if you have specific needs.1. Solar - no batteries needed. I see others have had variable success with the solar but I'm pleased to say the one I received worked just fine. We set it outside to charge and tested it the same night. It took a charge and worked perfectly out of the box.2. Individual Water Supply - this is a huge help as we have far reaching areas of the yard that cannot be supplied by a hose. Additionally, take the cost of a huge long hose (and the unsightly appearance) into account when comparing this unit to others. No electricity and it's own water resevoir makes this super easy to set-up, very versatile and much more attractive.3. Portability. Now, this is not exactly small but it is portable enough to place where needed in those hard to reach areas as well as take camping with us...a very nice plus! Anyone that has been camping knows how pesky wildlife can wreck havoc on a camp site in no time...this is a purely humane way to deter wildlife from messing up your campsite. Again, solar power combined with its own water resevoir makes this a great solution.4. More attractive. I love not having to haggle with the hose nor replacing the battery.5. Easy to assemble. It takes less than a minute and comes with its own small wrench. Feel sturdy enough...the only weak spot is the sprinkler head which isn't bad but I'd feel better about the long term durability if it were metal...or maybe not since this won't rust. Only time will tell in that department.All in all, a smart product. Very humane method of deterring problem animals. Easy to assemble, no need for batteries, plugging in or other. Portable enough to take along when camping.
Well for whatever it's worth, these are NOT a hit with my dog.  He is a 10 year old golden retriever who has a record of eating just about anything.  He is definitely not a picky eater.  He has just allowed these to accumulate on the living room floor as I have handed him 3 different samples.  He won't even eat one.  Sorry but we can't give more than one star on this item.Added later---We now have an additional dog in our household as of a little over a month ago and she LOVES these!  So it must be whether a particular dog has a taste for these.  The golden retriever has now taken a liking to them since the newcomer has taken interest.  May be worth a try at your house.
I got one bag as a sample for review and tried giving one of the treats to my dog, but she wasn't willing to give it a serious try. I let her keep it for a week and every once in a while she'd toss it around the living room or pick it up and carry it around for a minute, but she never made any real effort to eat it.I ended up giving 2 of them to my nephew's dog, and he seemed to like them all right. I took the remainder to a playdate my dog was having with 3 other dogs and out of those one chewed on one a little but didn't seem awfully interested, one took no interest at all, and one really liked them. I tossed the bag after the playdate, forgetting that I'd want it for reference, but I seem to remember not being very thrilled by the ingredient list either.The final tally for me was 2 dogs out of 5 who seemed to like it, 1 who thought it was okay but nothing special, and 2 who didn't have any real interest.I'm not impressed with these at all and I can't see myself recommending them to anyone. Given that my own dog wouldn't eat hers, I definitely won't consider buying them in the future.Edit: Leaving my original review intact, but reducing from 2 stars to 1. I just heard that the dog that liked these the most was chewing on it a while after I went home and started whimpering. Her owners found that her gums were bleeding. It might just be a random thing that she bit at it wrong and no fault of the treat, but given the other problems people have reported having with these I wouldn't want to gamble on it. I'm definitely not going to be recommending these to anyone.
My dogs sniffed these chews and then left them ignored on the floor for the next week.Finally, I picked them up and since they had not been chewed , I figured I'd pass the bag to a friend, rather than waste them.Since my dogs would not chew them, I cannot recommend them.(My dogs are not very fussy with chews)I'm unsure why they lack appeal for my dogs, but having them lay on the floor so long, there's definitely a lack of flavor or scent. They are not inexpensive either.I'm sorry that my dogs could not give them a second chance.
I have 3 dogs, 2 of them ate these and got sick that night. I can't say for sure that this is what caused them to get sick (throwing up and diarrhea) but there was nothing else different that I can point to.
I hoped my dogs would like these.  They eat most chews, but I thought these might last longer, and be gentle on their stomachs, based on the description.  One of my dogs is fussy, the other will eat almost anything, and they both turned up their noses at these, and I tried on a few different occasions.  Therefore, I cannot recommend them or comment on their digestibility.
Original review appears first.  Please read the bottom for the updated edit.I've never given my dogs any type of rawhide product, so I can't tell if they like these any more or less than other similar products.The size is described as mini, but they don't look that small.  I thought the sticks might be too large for them but they each happily managed to pick them up and run to their corners.  I never heard a peep from either for the next two hours, when they only budged to trace spots.  They managed to eat about 1/3 of their stick in that time, and I took them away to save the rest for another day.I read the review by the other customer who was worried after his dog became ill.  If my dogs get sick, I'll update this review and the rating accordingly.  But otherwise, they just spent two hours in doggy paradise.UPDATE UPDATE UPDATEUnfortunately we are not as happy now.  I gave the dogs the minicongo treats again the next day and they loved them just as much.  This time I took them away after they had eaten about an inch.  Later, both dogs vomited the mixture and both had really weird poop.  I threw away the rest of the package.
I can't really speak to the digestive support benefits of this product.  I'll assume it works, but only if you can force your dog to eat these.  My experience:I gave one each to my obese Jack Russell (Gizmo)and blind diabetic quasi-chihuahua (Bruiser).  These guys are true chow hounds and general treat fanatics.  Gizmo had to work hard to finally get his softened up and eaten.  (He has big, strong jaws).  Bruiser couldn't even scratch the surface on his.  He finally discarded it, and Gizmo (a treat thief) wasn't even intterested in it.  I put the treat back in the package unscathed.Plan B -  I introduced these to my daughter's two large and very hungry ex-racer greyhouds, Mosche and Canova.  Mosche (the bigger stronger of the two) examined his and abandoned it.  Canova struggled through his with little enthusiasm.After reading some of the other reviews describing digestive problems brought on by these, I'm not going to even take a chance.  The dogs don't like 'em anyway so into the trash with what's left.  Thumbs down on this one.
I was excited to get this because my border collies have beautiful coats that could use a little extra help.  The disappointing part was they would not chew on it.  They carried it around...licked it a little bit and that was it.  I know it has lamb in it, but I have fed them lamb dog food before and they liked that, I am not sure what was unpalatable about this.  I gave this to my outside dog that will eat anything and she wouldn't chew it either.
I don't know what the health benefits of these are or how you would ever prove them but it's a moot point as my dogs will not touch them.  Given enough time and no other food they might chew them but they'd rather raid the garbage can in a pinch than eat these.
Well when I ordered this product for my dogs I had high hopes that this would be something that they might like.  The concept is that the product looks like a deodorant roll on...if you remember those.  You take the top off, and then there is a roll over which the gravy-like product is dispensed.  The gravy is thick and difficult to get to start dispensing.  Once it does start coming out of the sides of the roller ball, the process of it coming out is inconsistent.  Sometimes it comes out slowly,  then sometimes you have to shake the bottle a  good bit to encourage the gravy to come out around the roll.  This usually means that you are having to futz around with this dog treat much more than you would like to have to.  The dogs also got a little discouraged with the process as well.  They would actually walk off and give up on me with a frustrated look on their face as if to say that this was hardly worth it.
**Vine Voices will receive a total of 3 Lickety Stiks in separate flavors; Savory Bacon, Braised Liver, and Savory Chicken**Above is the description given for the Lick Sticks and the reason that I made that choice. What I received is one lick stick, not three. My Dobie loves Bacon and Liver so I was really looking forward to receiving both and figured he may be interested in the chicken as well. When I opened the envelope and saw just one lick thing I looked at the shipping invoice and it said that the one stik was bacon flavor. So, although puzzled at the lack  of the other two stiks I figured that at least he was getting to lick one of his favorite flavors. Not to be. The tiny bottle, about the size and apprearance of a small roll-on deodorant stick, was labeled "Savory Chicken Flavor". I figured I would give it a try and held it for my Dobie to lick. He gave me a scornful look indicating that he failed to find it "Savory" and walked away. I tried several more times but he began to give me a look that meant his patience was running thin. He is a large Dobie and very strong so I heeded his message and apologized by giving him a treat that ensured his forgiveness. The lack of receiving three sticks, the shipping invoice labeled as bacon flavored and the actual tiny bottle of disgusting chicken something are all a mystery to me.
Are we seriously supposed to stand there for hours and hold this bottle up in the air while the dog licks it? This is the new wave of dog "treats"??To be honest, when I ordered this, I kind of missed the whole "Likety Stik" wording on the bottle. I mean I definitely saw the "Likety" wording, but didn't pay any attention to the "Stik" part. I saw that it was bacon flavored, so I assumed it was a bacon flavored substance almost like a gravy to pour over your dog's food, especially by the shape of the bottle.When it arrived, I was like what the heck is this?? At first glance you would almost assume it is roll-on deodorant, but then you see the picture of the dog in the middle of the bottle, so you know it can't be.But I did try giving this to all 3 of my dogs. None of them knew what to do with it and seemed aggrevated when they licked the ball and nothing would come out. I then figured out I had to squeeze the bottle to make the contents drip out. When I did that, they stopped licking, looked at the ball, took one whiff and turned their noses up in the air as if to say "ewwww get this thing outta my face right now"!!I find that dogs (mine anyway) like to chew, so they kinda don't know what to do with this odd invention. They aren't rabbits who drink water from a water bottle. This reminded me of something like that. This is for an animal who is used to licking from a rolling ball. You can't exactly give it to a dog, then let them go off on their own with it like a normal treat or a bone, because rather than licking the ball, they would want to investigate what it's made of and would chew it to bits until the contents fell out. In my opinion, not a very good idea and could potentially be very dangerous. I really don't see the point in this item at all, unless of course you are a rabbit.
My Dobie is not a finicky eater. When I gave him these little itty bitty chews I was sure he would gobble them up as he usually does with anything I give him. He took one sniff and walked away. I followed him and held out my hand with the chews and he again walked away. Next, I put them in his food bowl but still no interest. At suppertime I mixed up the chews in his favorite food, a can of Alpo Filet Mignon. He shunned his supper. Just to check whether he was not eating because he was feeling ill I took away the mixture and substituted a can of the Filet Mignon without the chews. He ate with his normal gusto. Based on the dislike that Max has for this product I can give it only one star.
My four cats liked the smell of these treats but they would not eat them.The treat to human eyes is totally unappealing. Not only are they freeze-dried raw but they look hairy (similar to a dust bunny I would find under the bed). In size, they are the circumference and height of a double-stuffed Oreo cookie. They are also very light and as easy to break up as a wafer.I broke several into smaller bite-sized pieces and left them out overnight.  One of my cats looked like he was going to take a bite but eventually walked away. The other three smelled the pieces and left without even trying them.The box of the Chicken Formula Raw Boost Bites claims these treats are for cats and dogs and are made of chicken, turkey, turkey liver, turkey heart, pumpkinseeds, apples, carrots, ground chicken bone, etc.  Each large piece is 23 calories and they recommend 1 to 2 pieces per 20 pounds of body weight.  However, since my four cats won't eat them, I'm going to throw out all this goodness to the wildlife.  Maybe some critter will eat it.
No thanks. I don't know what ingredient that is in Bio Spot that makes my dog feel so ill after application. She was lethargic and looked really sick. I tried Bio Spot a few years ago on both my dogs and thought I was going to have to rush them both to the vet's. Doesn't look like much has changed.If you can't have them around cats for a period of time, there must be something a bit overly potent that really shouldn't be used. Think I'll go back to the Frontline ... works and doesn't make my dog ill.BIOSPOT vs. FRONTLINE PLUS - INGREDIENTS:Bio Spot Defense for Dogs, 81 pounds and over:~ Etofenprox (CAS # 80844-04-1) (30.0%)~ (S)-Methoprene (CAS # 65733-16-6) (3.6%)~ Piperonyl Butoxide (CAS # 51-03-6)* (5.0%)~ Other ingredients (61.4%)* (butyl carbityl) 6-propylpiperonly ether) and related compoundsFrontline Plus for Dogs 89 to 132 pounds~ Fipronil (9.8%)~ (S)-methoprene (11.8%)
I am familiar with this brand of dog food and it is rated highly on almost every dog food analysis website.  My dog has been eating this mixed with his Wellness Core which he has been eating for the past 5 years without any issues.  My dog's stool has remained the same and he is not showing any residual effects from eating this dog food.  In fact he likes it a lot and he is one picky dog.  I agree with some of the reviewers that stated that their dog picks out the freeze dried pieces but the dog will have to eat the rest regardless because there are not a lot of freeze dried pieces in the bag to fill them up.  I will continue to mix this food with the Wellness Core since my dog is enjoying it.  The pieces of food are very small so you might need to supplement with some type of dental chew if you are only going to feed your big dog this food.  I gave it 4 stars because of the small pieces and the fact that the high cost does not seem necessary since there are so few pieces of freeze dried food in the bag.****UPDATE 3/19/14****Well, my dog has become very itchy after 3 months of feeding him this mixed in with Wellness Core.  My dog has been on Wellness Core for 4 years without any issues.  Now he is scratching at himself throughout the day.  I have stopped feeding him this food as of yesterday.  Please  beware that if your dog is prone to skin allergies, this food may flare things up.  Wellness Core has been a godsend to my sweet boy and I will continue to give him this high quality dog food.  If you are not sure whether your dog's food is good or not check out [...] It has almost every dog food on there.
Since I have access to a steady supply of dogs through my friend who runs a rescue organization, I figured her charges could put this contraption to the test. When one runs a foster home there are bound to be accidents and for her this is no exception. So she tested this on four small dogs. Below is what we both liked about this product and what we did not like:LIKES- There is no assembly.  Just remove it from the box and ensure that the grass sits on top of the platform with the tray underneath. There are only three pieces to this unit (a platform, waste tray, and synthetic grass).- The platform is sloped slightly to allow the urine to drain into the hole that leads to the drip tray.- The pegs on the platform should prevent most of the urine from sitting up against the grass as it drains through to the waste tray. However, that only works if they go into the middle of the unit as the grass sits up against the platform since the nubs are flatter around the outer edges.- This is sized for small and medium sized dogs.- It does not take up too much space (25 inches long x 20 inches wide x 2.5 inches high) and can be used indoors or on a balcony, porch or patio.- The three pieces can be cleaned with warm soapy water (see dislike about this three-piece system below).- If the dogs don't use it at least it can be used as a sleeping platform or scratching area.DISLIKES- None of the dogs could be trained to use the grass; instead they sniffed it, slept on it, scratched on it like a cat would a scratching pad but never went to the bathroom on it.- My friend and I consider this expensive.  In fact she said the price is too high.  For me I feel it is an expensive solution for what essentially acts like a flat litter pan with grass and drip tray. However, I do agree that IF IT WERE TO WORK, it exists to direct all "accidents" to a certain area so from that perspective it might be worth the price because all that wayward urine and feces is not destroying another part of the home.- We both felt it was too complicated to clean because it is a three-step cleaning process (the tray, the platform and the grass) and you probably would have to have access to an outside hose unless you wanted to clean it in the tub. In fact, my friend felt it would just be easier to clean the floor because that is a one-step process.Being that my friend has a lot of experience with dogs, I have to defer to her with regard to what is dog typical.  She said "they are used to the real grass."  She even used a soiled piece of paper towel and put it under the grass so they would sniff and go and use it but none of them did. Based on the failed test with four small dogs, I'm rating this 1 star. That does not mean it will not work for you. I do think that if someone has exhausted all their options, it might be worth considering since it seems (based on some reviewers) that a few dog owners have had success with this unit. I suppose if you bought it and they did not use it for what it was intended, it could be used as a sleeping or scratching area. In our experience that has been its only redeeming quality.
I have to give this item a thumbs down.  We have two 6 year old beagles who I thought might use this on rainy days instead of going out, or maybe at night.  The box clearly says "Good for older dogs, too!", but I completely disagree with that.  My dogs weren't the least bit interested in trying it, and in fact, since they chew so much, I'm very worried about them taking off the artificial grass and chewing on it and choking.  It it not secured to the "waste tray" at all.You might consider this if you have a puppy, but hopefully you will be able to find some instructions on how to train your dog to use this.  There are no instructions whatsoever in the box, and the outside just tells you how to assemble it (it was very easy - I'll give it that) and at the very bottom of the box, in tiny print, it says "Find out more" and then gives their Facebook page.  Very inconsiderate of anyone who may not be on Facebook.  I would think for the price of this item, a few tips on training your dog to use the system would be included.I cannot recommend this item at all - first because I feel there are safety issues with the grass not being secured and most dogs chew things, second because my dogs would not use it and third because no training tips were included.
First, it's not big enough. The mouth of the bucket is too small. You get a little plastic scoop with it, but many of your clumps are going to be bigger than the opening and there's going to be spillage. This pail needs to be twice as big as it is, at least. I made a mess trying to shovel stuff into this little opening.Second, you have to hold the sliding drawer open, and so you're scooping, holding the lid open, holding the drawer open, trying to keep this little plastic box from tipping over. You are making a mess. I haven't even tried to figure out how you pull the bag of clumps out and tie it yet, but it must involve scissors and ties. Also, the bag is secured at the bottom at a knot you tie in the bag. Is that going to hold? I don't trust it.Third, the bags don't hold that much. You will find you have to empty them every day, so what's the point of all the odor blocking? You can scoop into a regular small trash bag and put it out in the trash if you're doing it every day anyway.You will have to buy special bags that come on the special insert to refill. A regular recurring expense when you could be shoveling your clumps into those thousands of free plastic bags you get from grocery and department stores.Here's what you do: You buy one of those large plastic tubs of litter, the ones that come with a handle. You dump the litter into your litter box. You put a small plastic garbage bag into the plastic tub. For added niceness, you hook on one of those very smelly toilet bowl deodorizer crystal blocks on a wire that sell for 99 cents each or toss in a few mothballs. You shovel your litter into this bucket all week. On garbage day, you pull out the bag, tie it closed and put it out in the garbage can. You can dump the plastic bucket into recycling if it's the right grade, or rinse it out and start over again and buy your litter in cardboard boxes after that. Much easier, faster, same amount of odor protection, cleaner and less work. You are welcome.
August 31, 2012*This product works well at keeping cat poop odors under control in the sense that cat poop properly placed inside it emits very little of le aroma de merde chat.  You open the lid, you scoop poop into a bag in the top half, then you pull a giant tab and the poop falls into the bottom half.  When you release the tab it springs back to its normal position and presses against the open end of the bag, thus effectively sealing it so everything, including odors, stays in the sealed-off bottom half.  It's clever and imaginative, and it almost works.There is a horizontal hinge midway up the height of the device so it can be opened to remove the bag o' poop (notice how I switched from French to Irish?), and the reason I mention this is that the latch opposite that hinge, which is supposed to keep it closed unless you push on a big button, doesn't.  Keep it closed, I mean.  I assumed my particular unit was defective, but it now appears based on previous reviews that the problem is a design defect.The effect of this defect is that if you try to lift the unit by placing your hands on the top, which would be an ordinary and certainly a predictable way to do it, about more than half the time the button gives way unexpectedly.  As you continue to lift, the bottom portion of the unit, the heavier half, swings downward (relative to the upward motion of the top half) and also slues sideways, of course, towards the hinge.  Three out of four times this squared cylinder will not threaten to whap into certain body parts that most people, especially male people, really don't want to get whapped into if they happen to be lifting the device at the wrong height at that moment.For that matter, this unintended giving way can happen even after you've lifted it and are merely moving it.The result of this sudden swing in the distribution of weight is startling, and if you aren't quick there's a chance you'll drop the whole thing, which will surely eventually break it, especially if it's full and therefore heavy, which half the time it probably will be.  Worse, if you're on stairs or if you're crossing Niagara Falls on a tightrope carrying this Litter Genie Pail with your hands holding the top half, you could be in outright danger of bodily injury from that unexpected shift in weight.For this design defect I subtract as many stars as I can, which is four.What I don't understand is how this product could get past the testing stage.  Surely at some point someone at the company headquarters must have said something along the lines of, "Hey, maybe we should test this thing," right?*As always in my Vine reviews I wish to go beyond the expected uses for a product and test the outr&eacute;.-- This product is too small for the size of many animals' poops.  Examples are a Kodiak bear, a rhinoceros, and two quarter horses (or one half horse).-- The appearance of the top of the unit when the lid is open briefly suggests it might, just maybe, be able to be used as the seat of some sort of toilet.  According to tests conducted under my supervision but which I did not personally subject myself to, it can't, but it's pretty funny when people try, the URL of the YouTube video of which I have been sworn never to reveal.-- The package of the product under review does come supplied with the correct number of AA batteries, which is zero.*
this is a great idea for dog health, but my dog refused to take this maybe it works for others but mine refused to eat it. It smell awfull like chemicals like chlorine.
My Dobie, Max, has never refused to eat anything I have offered him in the past six years that I have had him. Until now. He absolutely gives these chews the cold shoulder. He turns his head away when I offer him one. If I continue to offer him the chew he will continue to decline and give me what appears to be a dirty look until I back off with the chew. I even tried to make the offers after refrigerating as directed on the carton. It made no difference to Max because he simply does not want any of these chews and I finally got the message.This refusal really puzzles me especially since this has a chicken liver flavor. Max really loves chicken but maybe it is the liver part that turns him off. Whatever the reason it is a one star rating according to Max.
My dog absolutely refused to eat it. She sniffed turned her head.I tried to hold her head still, and she avoided it. I even pried her mouth open and put it in and she spat it out.Stinks like chemicals and left a smell on my hands that did not wash off normally.  My hand still smelled like chemicals for over 2 hours after washing.
I have a very picky dog eater plus he is diabetic so I always have to look at the ingredients to make sure that there is not too much sugar in it. But that was not the problem. I tried setting them in front of him 3 different times and he was not bitting.Will have to try something else!
My dog took one sniff and said no way.  She looked at me like I was trying to poison her and kill her.I tried to encourage her to take it, but her sad eyes said so much and made me want to cry.She just looked like her world had come to an end, and the person she loved the most was trying to end her.I was trying to be a responsible person by keeping my dog healthy with this new vitamin for dogs, but I made the biggest mistake ever.This is just a stinky chemical smelling cube. It smells nasty like chlorine, and the smell does not wash directly off your hands, so the evidence of attempted murder of you dog hangs around.
A weight loss supplement for dogs?  Once I started to read more about Phaseolus vulgaris, I found it is essentially a white bean extract.  I read everything from its ability to block starches (a "starch blocker") to studies on its efficacy.  The cards are out on this one and frankly, it's an herbal supplement that if I wouldn't consider taking it myself, I won't give it to my chubby little dog.I do like most of the Pet Naturals Products of Vermont and would highly recommend them, but this one just seems to be a bit premature.  I think that yet another trip to the vet is in order to learn how to deal with the one overweight dog I have, a weight that was induced by anti-seizure meds.INSTRUCTIONS:Up to 50 lbs: Give 1 chew 10 minutes before each meal.51 - 100 lbs: Give 2 chews, 10 minutes before each meal.101 lbs and over: Give 3 chews, 10 minutes before each meal.INGREDIENTS:Active Ingredients per 1 chewPhaseolus vulgaris (Phase 2 pet brand) Extract 500 mgInactive Ingredients:  arabic gum, brewers yeast, calcium sulfate, canola oil,chicken liver flavor, citric acid, glycerin, maltodextrin, mixed tocopherols,oat meal, pectin, propionic acid, rosemary extract, rye flour, silicon dioxide,sodium alginate, sorbic acid, soy lecithin, vegetable oil, whole ground oatgroats, water.PET NATURALS OF VERMONT DOG PRODUCTS:Pet Naturals of Vermont Calming for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Hip & Joint for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Skin and Coat for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Best for Dogs Chicken LiverPet Naturals of Vermont Breath Bites for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont K9 Slim DownPet Naturals of Vermont Agility DMG
Max is my Doberman's name,His huge size scared all folks who came.I offered these Slim DownsHe barked out his turn downsAnd kept his huge body the same.
These cannot possibly work if your cat won't eat them!  Which none of mine do!  I have three cats.  Two of which are not very picky.  One of them eats just about anything, including cheez-its.  But he won't eat these things.  All three cats will sniff a minute or so, and walk away.  They won't even so much as lick them.  If the cats won't eat them, they're completely useless.  If you're looking for hairball remedy treats, look elsewhere!  Temptations makes a good one that I've had success with for my cats that have the most hairball issues.  Don't waste your money on these!
For it to work, she has to eat it. I don't consider Kitty extremely picky. She will eat most treats that I offer her. These LOOKED like something she would eat. I was surprised when I found out she didn't like them. How did I find out she didn't like them? I found one on my 14 month old daughter's mouth. Apparently, she wasn't bothered by the Kitty slobber. Luckily, I found it before she was able to bite it or swallow it. So, for me, these are no good. Of course, I can't testify to how they work, because they won't work if your cat won't eat them and they are not formulated for human babies.
good idea if it worked but neither of my cats will even try this. I even cut each piece in half and they still won't try it. When I put 2 pieces each down for them they both just licked it and then left it. I left it out all day for them and put it over by their food and they won't touch it. Not a good thing after all and they both have bad breath so I was looking forward to this being helpful with that.
Our cat is getting on in years and I am looking at ways to keep her healthy. She has 4 stars next to her name at the vet so anything I can do to maintain her health without her trying to kill people is important.I have no idea if these work or not because she will not eat them. This cat adopted us after living in a vacant lot for months. She will eat anything. But not these. I tired wrapping it in some liver. I tried holding her in my lap and coaxing. That was stupid of me. I even chopped one up and mixed it with a treat she liked. She left all the bits.So it might be magic but since she wont eat it I will never know.
I put this diffuser in my bedroom in hopes my three cats would find it relaxing in there and stop all the shenanigans.  No such luck.  It is like it isn't even there and I even tried it in different plugs.  In fact in the last two weeks one of my cats has started climbing my blinds in the middle of the night and he never did that before, but I can't contribute that 100% to Comfort Zone.  I have two cats about 9 months old and one older 4 year old cat.
My dog refused to eat this. It smells awful and was not an acceptable thing for my dog to take. It may work for some dogs, but my dog took one sniff and ran as far away as she could.  When I tired to apporach her, she howled in terror, so I did not try to force it on her.
I have used a variety of all natural calming aids, and although this one seems to have conceptually good ingredients, the results were less than promised.  My dogs came running to try these, and gobbled them down in seconds... And there was no effect other than gassy dogs about an hour later.  Other than being packed full of allergens, I didn't see anything to harm an animal listed in the ingredients, I also noticed that there wasn't enough if their active ingredients to do anything at all.I would consult your veterinarian before trying any calming supplement but I wouldn't waste your money on these.  I have had better results with plain melatonin or with composure pro.
My dog is diabetic and is very picky on what he eats so I was very excited to be giving him something different that I thought he would like. I set it in front of him the first time he sniffed it and walked away. Tried it 2 other times and he did the same thing.Maybe it is just my dog but would not be trying again in the future!
When my bad cat was but a wee little bad kitten, we purchased a product similar to this. It was a scratch deterrent film that was much like double sided tape, with the idea that the stickiness would make Bad Kitty not want to destroy the couch. Instead, she just rubbed against the tape until it was covered it cat hair, which made her want to scratch it more&#8230;..This stuff is different, but equally useless. I would most closely equate this to clear contact paper. You put it on the same way and it does the same thing. It won&#8217;t actually deter your animal from scratching an area, but it will offer some slight protection if they do scratch. Slight protection &#8211; and if you have a hefty scratcher, it will have to be replaced regularly.Maybe if you are personal friends with Martha Stewart you can get this stuff applied in a way that will not be noticeable. My application looked like I hadn&#8217;t finished peeling off the protective packing stickers. No, I take that back. It looked like I had peeled off the stickers then thought better of it and tried to put them back on.This stuff has a very limited life and a very limited use. It is neither virtually invisible nor easy to apply. And after your pet has scratched it up to shreds, it&#8217;s not so easy to remove either.
I requested this product to try on a bay window where one of my dogs likes to hang out. We have a dog bed there, but he has left a few scuff marks. This tape was relatively easy to apply and cut where needed. I peeled a little excess off, and the tape came off cleanly with no sticky residue. After a few weeks went by, I removed it, and it took staining and wood bits with it. I do not recommend this product at all, it is awful.
I suffer no delusions regarding "truth in advertising." I know manufacturers bend the truth in order to get a sale. I can tolerate bending the truth. What I don't like is being treated like I am an idiot.Dingo Cheesy Spirals say they are "Real Cheese Flavored Spiral Chews." In fact, the information is promoted multiple times on the package."With real cheese flavor!""...smell of real cheese."This is a nice little bit of doublespeak designed to make you think the product contains "real cheese." And to be fair, it does have "cheddar cheese" listed as an ingredient...right after wheat gluten, glycerin, pineapple fiber, modified starch, gelatin, natural chicken liver flavor, calcium carbonate, palm oil, and titanium dioxide. For folks that may not be aware, ingredient lists on products are required to be listed in order of content. So while the cheese gets top billing, the actual amount of cheese in the product is inconsequential and only present to avoid a fine from the FTC for false advertising. It is the equivalent of taking cheap apple juice, putting half a percent of more expensive pomegranate juice in it, and then marketing it as a pomegranate drink.This is an ongoing game food manufacturers, both of animal food and human food, continue to play. Truth be told, this product is no better for your dog than a handful of Cheetos or Cheese Puffs. It is less a dental cleaner than it is empty junk food for your dog.
I gave these to both of my puppies for several days in a row for bed time... The effect was .... Nothing.  My puppies are well exercised, eat healthy food but both have border collie blood in them so they have a tendency for getting themselves into trouble.  I keep them locked in my room with me at night to keep them out of trouble... But they don't always agree with me on an appropriate bed time.  I gave them the suggested amount about an hour before bedtime and there was nothing... They viewed their little pills as just more snacks which did a whole lot of nothing to calm them down.Working at a veterinary office has enlightened me on the sheer volume of garbage products out on the market... And unfortunately this would fall in this area as far as I am concerned.  I have only had real success for my puppies by either sending them to daycare or using melatonin
He is a real pain in the butt! He is a very picky and he is diabetic so I have to watch what he eats. I tried at several different times with this product and he refused to try it.Will have to try something else.
I can't say whether or not this would work as a stress management tool as it was too stressful for me to try to make my dog eat it.I have two dogs that LOVE TREATS---but neither were interested in this.
Molly asked for one of these supplements as soon as I opened the bottle, and promptly spit it out.  She won't eat it.  Then the cat came along behind Molly, picked it up, and also spit it out.  And this is a cat who'll eat anything that doesn't bite him.OK, I could break it up and hide the pieces in wet food, but, even then, I'm not sure she'd take it.  The list of ingredients is good with lots of minerals, A, B, and D vitamins, so I'm disappointed, but I already have a vitamin supplement powder I sprinkle on her food.  I won't go to the trouble of breaking this one up just so she can spit out the pieces.Sorry, Molly is not a fan.
My dog is diabetic and is a very picky eater so that might be part of the problem right there. I set in front of him and usually he gobbles it up but not with these. Had kind of a strange smeel too but most of these dog vitamins do.Try something else!
I have a german shepherd and a toy poodle and neither of them will eat this.  I put it in their food bowl to try to trick them and they eat around it.  I try to give it to them as a treat and they refuse.  Doesn't work for us.
I think I may have got an old bottle.  The tablets stunk to high heaven!  The tablets smelled a lot like the stale cod liver oil.  If I can't stand to even touch these tablets, because of the stench they leave on my hands, I'm not going to give them to my dog.  I threw them out.
I gave this to my constantly shedding beagle. Absolutely no change was noted other than stinky farts!! I&#8217;ll keep looking.
For some reasons, both of my dogs hate this brand of supplements.  I have a german shepherd and a toy poodle.  Neither of them would eat any of the bio spot supplements.
The pros of this litter:* Very sandy, so the cats love to use it, the texture is good.* Covers odor wellCons:* It seems to scatter out of their litter box quite a bit more than my favored litter, which isPrecious Cat Ultra Premium Clumping Cat Litter, 40 pound bag. And that's saying something, as they have a custom made litter box that I made out of a bigRubbermaid 2212CPDIM Roughneck Storage Box, with a 9-inch circular hole cut in the lid! So this is some scatterable litter!* Also the detergent scent is *very* strong to my nose. I was actually surprised that my cats did not object to it, I would have thought some cats would find it too much. My two grey domestic shorthairs are fine with it though.It's dry, sandy texture may make it better for certain areas than "Precious Cat Cat Litter," such as damp basement environments.** REVISED 6/12/14My cats *never* have accidents but they have had two urinary accidents out of the box in three days, so I'm going to have to dump this. I think the dustiness and overly odorous stink of this is deterring them from using this litter. Back to Precious Cat ASAP!!
Clumps wonderfully however being its &#34;light weight&#34; i now have a trail of dusty litter from the boxes to about 10 feet out because it gets caught in paws. I am having to sweep all the time to clean up after the cats and its just not worth it!!
When I first read the information on this bag of treats I saw the claim that they were made in the USA. I was glad to get something that was safe and not kill my Doberman as food from China did to my previous Doberman. Then  I read some of the reviews and noticed that too many dogs were getting sick from this product. More importantly, I read the canned replies from Purina which clearly revealed to anyone with at least a kindergarten education that this is an outfit of advanced sleaze. They are still making treats in China and it would not surprise me to learn that these treats are made in China as well. I have lost all trust in Purina and will not buy any, and I mean ANY, of their products again.Good luck if you use this product. I notice that some of the reviews do not list any adverse consequences. However, I am not a gambler when it comes to my Dobie so into the garbage went this bag of potentially harmful jerky.Update 6/25/2014 I received another bag of these deadly treats plus a 3 oz bag. Here is what I wrote:My Doberman, along with thousands of other pets, died from eating dog food from China. That is a cold hard fact that is easily verified. When I requested these Waggin' Train treats I did not know that this company was a part of Purina, the epitome of  sleaze masters. Purina is firmly in bed with China. These treats claim to be made in the USA but the truth is that the chicken comes from China. They are not really "made" in the USA but merely packaged in the USA.If you read the canned postings by Purina to the negative reviews of their products you will notice that they are so sorry that your pet died because they are pet owners as well. Bull Crap! They are a huge company selling BILLIONS of dollars worth of trash and their only concern is income and not a rat's rear end about your pet.Am I bitter? You betcha. My Dobie was my best friend who loved me and trusted me. In return I fed him food from China that killed him. Now Purina thinks I am willing to feed my current Dobie with food from China because they say it is safe? Hogwash. Never again will I knowingly request or purchase any product from Nestle Purina Waggin' Train or what ever name they come up with.  Any food or treat that I give my Dobie will be from products grown or raised in the USA and from a company that is reputable. The company must be a USA company and not beholden to China such as the sleazy Purina and its parents and subsidiaries. I will never get over the loss of my Dobie due to food from China. It will never, never, never happen again. Nothing from China will come anywhere near my current Dobie including food, treats, toys, beds or anything else. I learned a hard lesson but one that I will never forget.Do not be surprised if these treats kill your pet.
These  treats have been linked to dog deaths.No way I was gonna take a chance of my dogs getting sick and possibly dying.They went straight to the garbage.NOT RECOMMENDED!
I ordered these treats along with the regular chicken jerky treats which made both of my dogs sick with diarrhea after one treat each. I explained in the review of those treats that within days of my dogs getting sick from the regular jerky treats, I saw a story on the national news of the FDA warning people of china made dog jerky treats. Due to the other treats by the same company making my pets sick, I will not be giving my pets any of these treats.
I was excited to see *MADE IN THE USA* in large red lettering, right on the package, and I fed these to my Pit mix with confidence.  Now I wonder if the chicken is really hatched, raised and processed in the USA, from start to finish.  After eating these treats, Freddy became lethargic and extra thirsty, he vomited and lost his appetite for several days.  I've decided it doesn't matter where the chicken came from; since it made him so sick, I can't recommend these &#34;natural&#34; treats.  I'll never feed him these (or any other Waggin' Train) treats.  Luckily, Freddy did get better after several days, but other dogs haven't been so lucky.
Sorry, after reading these reviews, there's no way I was going to give them to my neighbor's dog.  I'll need some real evidence that they're okay before I give them to any dog.
http://www.amazon.com/Waggin-Train-Chicken-Tenders-Treats/product-reviews/B00I18UVSE/ref=dpx_acr_txt?showViewpoints=1I gave my dog this 3 days in a row & she was puking all 3 days with no changes in her other treats or food, free isn't worth a sick dog!
It's complicated to review and rate something such as these Waggin' dog treas by Purina. My dogs like them. The treats are large enough in size that even my large dogs enjoy them. They look forward to getting one when they see the treat bag come out. So normally these would be a 5 star product. But there's quite a lot of news on these treats being some of the main ones recalled in the past for suspicion of contamination.While at first it seemed many of the cases of sick pets was in the past, after a quick online search, I found even just in the past few weeks there have been reports of dogs dying after eating these specific treats. At first I thought maybe it was a lot of hype, but the deaths and illnesses are still continuing even now. I'm tossing the rest of the bag and going back to other dog treats I have more confidence in.
Given all of the problems last year with dog treats from China last year, I would not buy this for my pet. I remember very clearly how upset a friend was when her dog died from dog treat from China.Product of China &#8211; made for Purina. Can this be trusted? Did they clean up their act? Can you believe the manufacturer who has responded to every negative review? Interesting. No doubt, my dog does love these treats. I give them to her very sparingly to see if there would be any adverse reaction and there has not. Perhaps Purina has fixed the problem. I should not have experimented with my dog's health.Seems like the folks who got this free via Vine program are giving good ratings and they get &#8220;not helpful&#8221; reviews ratings &#8211; undoubtedly from pet owners who experienced problems with Purina and chicken jerky.
I did not know these &#34;Treats&#34; were made in China or I would never have requested them. Food from China killed one of my Dobermans. Nothing from China such as food, toys, treats etc. comes anywhere near my current Doberman. I am glad to see that  Petco and PetsMart are cutting out treats from China as well. Wish they would dump their current stock.  Why take a chance when safe and healthy treats are plentiful. Reading the Purina responses to other reviews convinces me that they have something to hide. I am adding Purina to my &#34;Do Not Buy&#34; list.This bag of &#34;Treats&#34; went straight into the trash container.
I have several dogs, and I thought theses treats would be a nice suprise for them as they normally don't get many treats. I gave my golden retriever and my bichon each one treat and within a few hours they were both sick to their stomaches with diarrhea. With in the next few days I saw a story on the national news where the FDA is warrning people of dog jerky treats made in China. I am a bit scared to continue to give these treats to my dogs.
We received a bag of Wagging Train Chicken Jerky Treats and a bag of Smoked Jerky Snacks.  The bag of smoked jerky snacks were made in the USA, while the chicken jerky treats were made in China.  With all of the talk about tainted foods coming from China, our entire family stopped purchasing food items manufactured there.  And, because our dog is part of our family, we did not give these treats to him.  Even despite being a free product, my dog's health and well being means more than giving him China a &#34;tasty little freebie&#34;.That said, the Smoke Jerky Snacks that were made in the US worked great for him.  I would wait for Purina to start getting these made in the US before purchasing.  Not recommended.
If you are like me, your dog is family in the deepest sense of the word, and her (or his) health is at least as important as your own.Because of very real recent safety issues, I will not be giving my sweet Belles anything made in China.  These are made in China, which is a huge disappointment.  They are being pitched.I wish Amazon would refuse to sell Food Products and Pet Food Products that are manufactured in China.(We did receive a second similar bag from Waggin' Train which was made in the USA; which we used, and which my dog liked very much.  I do not know if the manufacturers are consistent per flavor or not.)
I admit that I may be unjustly distrusting Purina, but having come across all the accusations against them, I decided to discard the product I received.  Since I'm unsure of whether or not Purina is actually to blame for the dog deaths, I would not give a review, but since Vine regulations now require me to review everything I order through them, I am posting this.
I opened the bag and it had a nice scent to it but when my dog Duke came over he just sniffed them and went on to his nap. Thank god! These products are made in china-which I didn't realize at the time. Just grateful my dog did not like. After all of these dogs have been dying from products made in China I am watching all of the food and treats are made anywhere else.I don't want my best friend to die because of one of my mistakes.Thanks Duke for not liking! Love you buddy!
I had no idea of previous reviews that this was a problem but I gave these to my dog & she started throwing up the next day... Nothing in her diet has or had changed. Next day she got another, same problem. Wth?! Throw it away! Don't bother!
Given all of the problems last year with dog treats from China last year, I would not buy this for my pet. I remember very clearly how upset a friend was when her dog died from dog treat from China.This one says &#34;Made in the USA&#34; &#8211; so it says on the lable. No doubt, my dog does love these treats. I feel guilty I gave them to her (very sparingly) to see if there would be any adverse reaction and there has not. It may be that the problems from last year have been resolved.Seems like the folks who got this free via Vine program  are giving good ratings and they get &#8220;not helpful&#8221; reviews ratings &#8211; undoubtedly from pet owners who experienced problems with Purina and chicken jerky.Chicken, sweet potatoes, brown sugar, salt, smoke flavor and a preservative. Purina is working very hard to clean up their image, they respond to every negative review posted on Amazon, which is interesting. I have not seen other companies do this.
My Doberman, along with thousands of other pets, died from eating dog food from China. That is a cold hard fact that is easily verified. When I requested these Waggin' Train treats I did not know that this company was a part of Purina, the epitome of  sleaze masters. Purina is firmly in bed with China. These treats claim to be made in the USA but the truth is that the chicken comes from China. They are not really &#34;made&#34; in the USA but merely packaged in the USA.If you read the canned postings by Purina to the negative reviews of their products you will notice that they are so sorry that your pet died because they are pet owners as well. Bull Crap! They are a huge company selling BILLIONS of dollars worth of trash and their only concern is income and not a rat's rear end about your pet.Am I bitter? You betcha. My Dobie was my best friend who loved me and trusted me. In return I fed him food from China that killed him. Now Purina thinks I am willing to feed my current Dobie with food from China because they say it is safe? Hogwash. Never again will I knowingly request or purchase any product from Nestle Purina Waggin' Train or what ever name they come up with.  Any food or treat that I give my Dobie will be from products grown or raised in the USA and from a company that is reputable. The company must be a USA company and not beholden to China such as the sleazy Purina and its parents and subsidiaries. I will never get over the loss of my Dobie due to food from China. It will never, never, never happen again. Nothing from China will come anywhere near my current Dobie including food, treats, toys, beds or anything else. I learned a hard lesson but one that I will never forget.Do not be surprised if these treats kill your pet.
So this has been in the cats bowl more then 24hrs and they still have not touched it. I just mixed in some of their normal food and now they are interested but seem to be eating around this food. At $50 for 18lbs and the fact my non-picky cats will not touch it this is something that will never be in my home again. They are 2 low key house cats so we shall stick to the food thats a better price they eat!!
I was really excited to find a low cost treatment for fleas for my dogs, but the vet bills are way going to outweigh the savings.  What is really upsetting is how it is bothering my beautiful, otherwise healthy dogs.Unfortunately, I purchased enough for the entire summer after I saw how how effective it was with mosquitoes.  That makes the expense much worse.Original review, from when I was happy:This year had been quite mild for mosquitoes. We live completely surrounded by tall trees and a stream on one side, so generally we have problems with mosquitoes quite early.  The mosquitoes this year had been very mild until about a week ago when they just popped.  I mention the mosquitoes in this review because this flea treatment is also supposed to repel mosquitoes and I have never seen anything like it.Just a couple of days ago, when I was calling the dogs in, I saw one of our dogs, Spike, completely swarmed by mosquitoes but they were all keeping about a 3 inch distance from him all around his body.  It really was like one of those cartoon things where all the bugs form a swarm.  I had never seen anything like it before.  The mosquitoes weren't bothering him or biting him.  The rest of us though?  Fair game.