I'm not one for brushing pet's teeth and my dog is no fan of anyone fussing around or in his mouth. We're PERFECT candidates for using this product and I readily volunteered to test it. The convenience and ease of use definitely got my attention. Simply sprinkling it on his food (kibbles) is easy, breezy for me BUT he won't touch his food. Mixing it in didn't help either. Hiding it with gravy or broth got him to eat it.My dog's rumbling stomach was unnerving. When he asked to go out I didn't stall at all. Cleaning diarrhea and/or vomit takes my breathe away as I dry heave my way through the task. Perio-Support for him = Life-Support for me if those "rumbling tummy results" were in the house!Although it didn't work for us, I suggest getting a sample to make sure your pet will consume it without tummy upset or other issues.
I have three cats, and of the three of them, only one would even eat these treats.  How are they supposed to be effective if a can't won't even eat them?  And the one cat that would eat them, he'd only eat them half the time.  The other half, he'd sniff them and just walk away.  Because two cats wouldn't touch these at all, and only one cat would eat these sporadically, I can't really speak to their effectiveness as a supplement.They should reformulate these into something every cat would love to eat.  If a cat won't eat it, it certainly isn't effective.
This is the second pet naturals product I've tried on my cat.  This time, I even sliced a couple in half thinking that would attract her attention.  She finally ate one of those half pieces when her food dish was absolutely empty, but left the others alone.  So she and I will never know if this is effective nutrition.
I have middle aged to senior dogs. Two are over 75lbs & the rest range from 40lbs - 50lbs. They are inside/outside dogs.  In bad, frigid or hot weather, they stay indoors during the day.  They are spoiled. Rotten.What do you get when you combine a lengthy, cold winter with about 3 feet of snow within a 3 week period? A lot of restless dogs. A lot of pent up energy. And a lot of barking at nothing.Enter Pet Naturals.  Over the past couple of weeks, the big dogs got 1/day & the little dogs got .5/day.  They devour the chews & think they are treats.  The chews aren't really XL - they are just a little bigger than the width of a quarter.  A chomp & swallow for a 90-110lb dog. Really, a chomp & swallow for a 40-50lb dog too. I've posted a picture of the size as compared to a quarter.The results are .... nothing.  The dogs consider the chews to be treats, but the chews have zero effect on their behavior.  They sleep about as much as they did before & they still bark at nothing because we now have more snow on the ground and the dogs are back inside for most of the day & night.I will not be replacing the bag when this one runs out.
I have used Pet Naturals products for my dogs before and I can say that they really put out quality products. I wanted to try this supplement because I have a large Doberman who is very timid and gets nervous over little things. We have been giving her one with breakfast and one with dinner every day. I really have not seen a huge difference in her behavior. She is not aggressive, though she does show a little aggression towards my Sharpei when he gets too close to her bed. This did not change after giving her these. As far as storms, go I cannot vouch for this product as my dogs mostly do not care when there are storms or fireworks.I decided to give this a try with my smaller 45lb Sharpei. While he is usually a cute and cuddly guy, he turns into Cujo (well, he starts to growl, anyway) after he steals the Doberman's rawhide. We gave him one of these, which he gleefully chewed up. Checked on him 30 minutes later (still with the stolen rawhide) and he growled as usual, same after we went to bug him an hour later. Gave him another one the next day and it still did nothing to calm him in any way.We tried again on a day our Doberman had to go to the vet. She was still nervous and peed herself on the way home.Not to say this is an overall bad product, but it did not do much for my dogs, except that they liked the taste.  They also had no adverse reactions to it, although if your pet needs to be 100% gluten free, you might want to pass on this. The prices on Amazon for these products are a much better deal then what you would pay for them at Petco, so if they work for your dogs, get them here.
My dogs gobbled these up, so it wasn't a matter of taste, they definitely took to them like treats, but they didn't have any calming effect whatsoever. I have two very high strung dogs a dachshund and a Chiwauwau/cocker spaniel mix (since the treats are for bigger dogs I kept this in mind and broke the treats up and divided them among my heathens). My dogs are extremely excitable on a normal day, you know the type, they bark at every noise, car door, visitor, etc., so I was looking for something for when they really get worked up and shaky, thunderstorms, new people they don't know coming over, etc.,  I thought we'd give these a try and I'd help my boys out when life was just too much, but alas, they don't seem to take the edge off for my guys. They did like gobbling them down, though, so two stars instead of one for taste. Not recommended.
I was really hoping my dogs would be able to ingest a treat and be calm for periods of stress or hyperactivity. Since my dogs are medium sized to small, I break the little bone-shaped nuggets in half. It doesn't seem to calm them down at all, even though they are happy to receive these supplements as treats.My four cats munched their way into the bag recently and ate a lot of these, completely unsupervised. I didn't come home to find them passed out on the floor, so that is good. They didn't vomit or have strange bowel movements or gas. When I gave pieces to the cats later, under supervision, they didn't seem more relaxed than usual.So, for my animals at least, these calming supplements don't do anything measurable at home. At least the nuggets are clearly tasty, and seem to have vitamins in them.
So my 8 yr old deaf American Bulldog has a thing with licking our couch to death when we are away, I was hoping he'd stop or calm down on it as there are usually a good 2 feet of saturated dog saliva in the basement couch. While we don't use the basement and we've pretty much given up the couch to our dogs, he just goes crazy when we aren't home. Well after a week of giving these to him, there was no difference, in fact, he locked himself in the basement bathroom and ate our trash can along with the diapers in it. So much for that. I will however say that this brand in general, I love.
First off, I work as a Vet Tech and see stiff backs, legs and hips every day.  I also own a 16 week old large breed puppy and a 15 year old dog with very bad arthritis of the hips, back, tail and legs.  For the last several years my old dog has been on various forms of Glucosamine and Chondroitin. I have bought both doggie chews and wrapped human pills in cheese.  I had been doing a the human form for about a year when I bought him a bottle of a new product from work.  After about half a bottle he was able to get back on to the sofa for the first time in over a year.Then I was offered this product from Amazon vine, happy to try new products I used it on him for a week and he was back to too stiff to get on the sofa.  We went back to the other product from work and he is getting around much better again.  I now give these to my growing puppy to help keep his joints healthy and it saves the ones I have to spend money on for the old man who needs them.  I won't be buying the product again and will stick with the one that works.Things I think people should know -1) These have a much lower dose of both Glucosamine, MSM and Chondroitin - and the recommended doses are lower than what our Veterinarians at work recommend for the same weight ranges.2) they are much crumblier than the other product I use3) I know the ones I buy from work are made 100% from American made/grown/created stuff - I cannot determine from the packaging alone where the PetNaturals product is made and where the ingredients are from.  Working at the clinic I have seen what pet products coming from China have the ability to do to a pet and I really don't want to take that chance with my animals4) There are a lot of known allergens in the ingredient list - I would be careful if you have a dog with any kind of food allergy.5) Glucosamine is a large molecule that has to be broken down into it's tiny parts when ingested - it is then reassembled in the cartilage where it can begin doing it's beneficial work - if the cartilage is gone from that area, or already severely damaged, it may not be able to reassemble the molecule and therefore will be of no benefit to your animal. In this case you need to take your pet to the vet for the injectable version.You want to start using these type of products BEFORE your pet's arthritis gets severe.  It rarely heals and mainly prevents further degradation.As I said before I will be going back to a different product because the other product actually helped my dog significantly.  The ingredient that the other product has which almost all other pet joint products lack is Hyaluronic Acid, I can only assume that this is what is helping my 15 year old go from sleeping all day on his pillow to sleeping most of the day on the sofa and at least attempting to play with the puppy.
Two of my three dogs have occasional skin flares, and they will scratch themselves until their skin is horribly red. I thought this would be a good product for them to try, but unfortunately neither of them will eat it. The first time, they sniffed and tried it but almost immediately spit it out and waited for me to give them something they prefer. My other dog, who will eat literally anything (seriously, he used to eat newspapers when we were out during the day), won't try these either. He doesn't have any teeth - he's almost 17 - but that doesn't stop him from eating anything the other two dogs eat. However he didn't even attempt to put these chews in his mouth.
Sorry but it's too bad Rachael Ray's Nutrish Dry Dog Food, Beef & Rice Recipe didn't measure up. On the one hand, my dog liked it. She gobbles it up. She has been picky with dog food in the past so it was a plus to find something she would love to eat. However, when I got around to reading the bag label, it says, Chicken Meal,Corn Meal, Soybean Meal,Corn Gluten Meal,Dried Beet Pulp,... these products have been found to cause inflammation, arthritis, diabetes, allergies and food intolerance. I gave a 2 star instead of a 1 star because at least it doesn't contain "by products and animal digest" like most do. Well, it doesn't "say" it does anyway. I was hoping since Rachael Ray seems to be an animal lover, she would make a better product. Hopefully she will improve it and I think for the price point she should. I don't want my dog eating it so we went back her old brand.
From a taste standpoint, the dog liked it and gobbled it up.  From an owner standpoint, it gave him a bad case of diarrhea that lasted three days.  We switched back to his regular food for a week, then gave him another bit of this with the same result.  The remaining portion of the food has now hit the trash can.
If your looking for a dry dog food that your dog will like i think you should avoid this one.When i gave this to my dog the first day, he ate just a little bit and hasnt eaten anymore since. Normally, whenever he gets a new dry food he atleast eats the dry food itself for a couple days, and eventually i have to start mixing it with his canned food to get him to eat. But this one wasnt even tasty enough for that! So i say dont bother purchasing.One recommendation i can give is to try the chef michael brand of dry dog food, those are generally well received by alot of dogs in terms of taste.
While my pup loved Rachel Ray's wet food, (see my previous reviewRachael Ray Nutrish Naturally Delish Wet Dog Dog Food, Chicken Paw Pie Recipe, 8-Ounce Tub (Pack of 8)) the dry - not so much.She ate the chicken pieces, spitting out the kibbles, which are made from vegetables. For the price per pound, I can't recommend this. We spend a fraction of this for dry dog el cheapo brand that she does eat.
I ordered Rachael Ray's Nutrish Dry Dog Food, Chicken & Vegetable Recipe for my yorkie because she has been picky with dog food in the past so I was hoping to find something she would love to eat. She liked this and I thought "GREAT!" because it said "Nutrish" and was approved by Rachael Ray so it must be a healthy dog food.  However, when I got around to reading the bag label, it says, chicken Meal,Corn Gluten Meal, Soybean Meal,Dried Beet Pulp, etc,... these products have been found to cause inflammation, arthritis, diabetes, allergies and food intolerance. I gave a 2 star instead of a 1 star because at least it doesn't contain "by products and animal digest" like most do. Well, it doesn't "say" it does anyway. I was hoping since Rachael Ray seems to be an animal lover, she would make a better product. Hopefully she will improve it and I think for the price point she should. I don't want my dog eating it so we went back her old brand.
My dog likes this Chicken & Vegetable dog food, I don't! Compare the ingredients of this dog food with the others readily available at the local grocery store. The healthfulness of Rachel Ray's Nutrish ingredients aren't superior. Check pet food advisor research which also indicates it's mediocre. I'm did expect better from Rachel Ray and more natural ingredients.
Hartz Crunch 'n Clean Biscuits for Dogs are formulated to help care for a pet's teeth between brushings and professional cleanings. Their DentaShield technology is clinically proven to block dental tartar buildup, the manufacturer reports. Two biscuits twice daily ensure optimal dental health, according to the company.But what about the chemicals? My two mutts are truly organic, but I figured I would try these.Neither of my mutts is finicky, they are very "piggie eaters", but they wouldn't even try these. They stuck their noses up and walked away.
I have 3 large dogs and they will eat almost anything.  Anything but these dog biscuits, that is!  Two of the three, would turn their faces away refusing to take the biscuit in their mouth or even lick it.  The third dog would readily eat them but she also has a nasty habit of eating dead animals and squirrel poop.  After giving my single "test subject" 2 biscuits a day for 2 weeks I did not notice any reduction in the visible tarter on her teeth nor did I notice fresher breath.  Perhaps with a longer test trial, some benefit would become obvious, but given that the majority of my dogs won't eat them I doubt I will be purchasing this product in the future.
I tried on three different occasions to get my two dogs to try these biscuits.  They just sniffed and turned away, both of them.  They are not fussy, so I was surprised, and I'm assuming that the teeth cleaning ingredient may not smell good to them.  They are a nice size for a small dog, and the smell (to me) is mild, but I can't judge how well they clean teeth if the dogs won't try them.
I have a 1.5 -year-old, 60-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix she loved the food; gobbled it right up.  However, I then did some additional research online and was surprised to discover that this dog food probably isn't the most healthy nor nutritious thing to feed my Joy-Joy.  Since the main source of protein comes from chicken by product; basically what's left of a slaughtered chicken after all the prime cuts have been removed.I think we will stick withBlue Buffalo Large Breed Puppy Dry Food, Chicken and Rice Recipe, 30-Pound Bag.  Joy-Joy loves the favor and it is what my vet recommended.
I picked this dog food knowing it has predominantly corn in it. Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product, corn gluten, wheat flour are the four main ingredients.  Sugar is also one of the ingredients and that explains why the flies came right to this food as soon as I poured it into my dogs' food bucket.  As a fly attractant this product works as great as Bud Light beer.My dogs don't even care for it.  I poured some of this "Beneful" next to their Taste of the Wild Lamb kibble and they seem to prefer the Lamb kibble over their corn junk food.  My dogs just aren't used to eating junk food.And to top it all off, during my daily back yard scoop poop ordeal, I had to remove more than usual piles of soft, yellow turds.  This food is clearly not good for dogs.I don't even know why this is called "Beneful."  Beneful to whom?  Purina, perhaps?See my photograph under "customer images."
I know, I know, I should be grateful for anything I receive through Vine because I got it for FREE! I guess I do feel grateful to find out what doesn't work for me and my dog. My smiling UPS man delivered this PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound right to my front door,gave my dog a scratch behind the ears, and set it right inside the door for me. The box was slightly squished but still taped shut. I cut the box open being careful not to cut the Beneful bag only to find that Amazon had packed it very nicely with lots of brown packing paper so my Amazon packaging and delivery experience was pretty excellent but that doesn't go in a product review so I will get back to the review! Upon opening the cardboard box flap, a waft of rancid oil smell hit me right in the nose and knocked me backwards so much it nearly knocked me over. I knew I had to deal with it quick before the rancid odor spread throughout our clean fresh smelling home! Is the smell coming from the box (sniff=no odor), the packing paper (sniff=slight odor=woozy), or the Beneful bag? (sniff=gag gag gag). OMG If it is not fit for a human to smell, it is not fit for a dog to eat! This dogfood is called Beneful with lots of healthy foods pictured next to a dog making you think this dog food is full of benefits for your beloved furry friend. However, what it should have is a dog rolled over on his side, sick, with a clothespin on his nose! I did not feel grateful for feeling nauseated and woozy, but hey, you know what? After writing my review, I do feel grateful! Go figure.I don't think Beneful is full of benefits for us but maybe to Monsanto because the ingredients are probably all GMO.Thank you Vine!
My dog likes this -probably more than his regular food. However, this is not the best choice for a healthy diet for him, in my opinion. I was actually surprised at the ingredients. You have to go down the ingredients list to item number seven to hit beef, which is the first real meat on the list, and five of the first eight are grains/fillers. The peas and carrots they show on the bag fall in well behind sugar, sorbitol, salt and potassium chloride, but at least ahead of the four artificial colors added. Sorbitol is both a sweetener and a laxative and not something I'd have my dog on for any length of time.I think if your dog is a really picky eater, but likes this food due to its flavor and different shapes, then it would be ok and better than not eating enough. However, this is a pretty low quality food compared to what else is on the market. Grains and animal by-product should not be the first four ingredients in your dog's diet, unless it is the only food your dog will eat day after day. I will be switching my dog back to Authority Lamb and Rice and leave him on it until he tires of it or they change the recipe. It is only slightly more expensive than this food, but he needs less of it (less filler) on a daily basis, so it probably works out close to the same cost. It also isn't the best food on the market, but it is much better than this one with more meat and less fillers and additives, and it agrees with him.
... or "BeneEmpty." Corn is leading ingredient. Grains should not even  be in the top six ingredients in dog food, let alone the top ingredient. The lovely image of an ear of corn on the side of the package should give us all a clue. Dogs and cats are frantic for grains, sure, and love to scarf them down, but this is not a good sign. I have a rescue sheltie that was a junk-food junkie (not just grains, but candy in fact fed to him by his original owner) before I got him and needs to stay on healthy food for the sake of his weight and teeth.I wish I'd looked at the ingredient label before ordering this on Vine, this is not suitable for my dog, or anyone's in my opinion.Benefil does have beautiful packaging and an excellent top closure. But I don't want to pick up up the giant "fluffy floaters" produced by a corn-heavy dog diet, nor do I want my dog to suffer digestive system pressure while processing this food. I gave my dog 1/2 cup of Benefil and then threw in the towel given the immediate fluffy-floaters produced.Purina should go back to the drawing board on this one.
mmmmm no. The first 2 ingredients are corn meal and the notorious 'chicken by-product meal.' This is one of those things that has a name that makes it sound good, but it's really not. We try it occasionally when we can't find our preferred foods (usually ProPlan, which is in the same price arena, but occasionally the fancier kinds), and it makes our dog (a 60ish-lb hound mutt) poop like CRAZY each time. She usually goes only 1-2 times each day, but when she eats this she gets the runny poops and goes 5 times a day or more. Can't be making her feel awesome.I was told by a friend years ago that his vet told him that Beneful is "like potato chips for dogs" and I believe it. Tastes great I'm sure, but not a whole lot of goodness in there. Also, as other commenters have said, the suggested serving size of this is larger than for better dog food, so IF you follow those rules, the savings isn't as great as you'd think.
Purina has named this dog food Beneful implying the food is beneficial for dogs.  Well.. it is.. to keep them "alive" but not much else. I would not feed this product to my dogs on a regular basis, if at all. Sure the cost per pound is cheaper than the grain free selections such asTaste of the Wild Dry Dog Food, Hi Prairie Canine Formula with Roasted Bison & Venison, 30-Pound BagorHi-Tek Naturals Grain Free Lamb Meal and Sweet Potato Formula Dry Dog Food, 30 Pounds, but once serving size and reduced veterinary bills are factored in, the implicate cost savings of these cheaper cereal based dog foods is usually not realized.Purina's marketing states Beneful has added color (yellow #5, red #40, yellow #6, blue #2) - these are artificially produced (chemical) FD&C; food colors, some of which are derived from petroleum. Do you think these artificial colors are included as a benefit to the dog?  Now I realize why in the past when a dog had a fecal accident on carpet it stained the carpet so permanently...Ingredients:  Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of vitamin E), rice flour, beef, soy flour, sugar, propylene glycol, meat and bone meal, tricalcium phosphate, phosphoric acid, salt, water, animal digest, sorbic acid (a preservative), potassium chloride, dried carrots, dried peas, calcium propionate (a preservative), l-lysine monohydrachloride, choline chloride, added color (yellow #5, red #40, yellow #6, blue #2), DL-Methionine, Vitamin E Supplement, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, manganese sulfate, niacin, Vitamin A supplement, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin D-3 supplement, menadione sodium bisulfate complex (source of vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, folic acid, biotin, sodium selenite.My concerns (alarm!) stems from the primary ingredients being corn (fed to cows to fatten them up before slaughter), chicken by-product meal (it means the discarded portions of chicken - the heads, beaks, feet, feathers, etc is ground together), corn gluten meal (again more corn to fatten up the animals), and whole wheat flour (Really?  Do the dog's nearest relatives, such as wolves or foxes, eat grains in the wild?) which is very well known in Asian culture as being much harder on digestion than other grains such as brown rice.The customer service can be reached at 1-888-BENEFUL for information or questions. My first question is why are they adding the artificial colors, at least some of which are made from petroleum?  The color isn't for the dog's selection...I gave this product a whole 2 stars simply for the packaging.  The zipper seal bag is a nice addition to help keep the food fresh.  I would prefer Taste of the Wild or Hi-Tek came in a zipper seal bag of similar quality.
The picture on the front of the package is great, it looks wonderful. When I read the ingrediant list, soy ,soy, meal, and lots of vegtables in chemical form, I was surprized.After a few days, my dogs guts were stinking like soy, foul poop.I do feed and still feed Purina One, lamb and rice to my shelties.I have used it as a winter food for over 20 years. In the summer I fed a more hgigh protien food and supplament with real vegtables.Suggest you give this a pass.
I picked this up to have on hand---seems we always have a stray to feed, extra dog food is a lovely bonus!  Overall : Meh.  Dogs will eat it. Has more protein than most discount brands.  But the sources of nutrition are NOT what I prefer for my furr babies.Here are the ingredients.  Make your own choice.  (Try [....] or [....] for the scoop.)Ingredients: Ground yellow corn, chicken-by-productmeal, corngluten meal, whole wheat flour, beef tallow preserved with mixed-tocopherols(sourceofVitaminE), rice flour, beef, soy flour, Minerals (tricalcium phosphate, salt, potassiumchloride, dicalcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, zincsulfate, ferroussulfate, manganese sulfate, copper sulfate, calcium iodate, sodium selenite), sugar, sorbitol, water, animal digest, phosphoric acid, sorbic acid (a preservative), L-Lysinemonohydrochloride, driedpeas, driedcarrots, calcium propionate(a preservative), choline chloride, Vitamins [Vitamin E, Vitamin A, niacin, Vitamin B-12, calcium pantothenate, riboflavin supplement, biotin, thiamine mononitrate, pyridoxine hydrochloride, folic acid, menadione sodiumbisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), Vitamin D-3], added color (Yellow 5, Red 40, Yellow 6, Blue 2), DL-Methionine, glycerylmonostearate, garlicoil.Guaranteed Analysis: Crude Protein (minimum) 25% Moisture (maximum) 14% Crude Fat(minimum) 10% Crude Fiber (maximum) 4% Linoleic Acid (minimum) 1.5% Calcium (minimum) 1.1
Selected Beneful Original as a change from the dog's old standby, Harmony Chicken and Rice, which he isn't eating as heartily as before. This dog food is reasonably priced BUT looking at the pictures on the label I expected to see assorted veggies higher on the ingredients list.  Corn IS high on the ingredients list and TOO MUCH corn isn't agreeable with my dog's' tummy, and causes poop-issues and sensitivity/allergy.I like that there are added vitamin supplements but can do without the added sugar. The assorted colors and shapes of the kibbles look cute and appealing to this human, not sure the colors make a difference to my pooch. He eats this food happily but it doesn't agree with his tummy which doesn't make me too happy. His abundant paw licking isn't because this dog food was paw-licking good, his food sensitivity/allergy has returned. The food allergy may also cause runny eyes and scratching due to the dry itchy skin and I have to give him Children's Benadryl and Fish Oil like the last Vet visit recommendation.So I'll cook brown rice and mix that half rice/half Beneful and he can get by OK. I'll continue my search for a dog food that is BOTH heathful for the dog AND convenient for me. Cooking regularly for the dog isn't a life goal yet.
Lady, my lab mix, loves this dog food, and she considers it a treat.After a week of mixing it in with her normal dog food,Castor & Pollux Organix Adult Canine Formula, Chicken, Brown Rice & Flax Dry Dog Food, 25-Pound Bag, (to prevent digestive upset), I fed her the Beneful Original exclusively, to see if I could notice a difference in her health and the shininess of her coat.  By time the 15.5-pound bag of Beneful was gone, Lady had lost much of her energy, and her coat had begun to grow dull.  After re-starting theCastor & Pollux Organix, her coat grew shiny once again, and she now has her energy back.While I might still buy the Beneful, it will only be as an occasional treat, not as a replacement for her meals.  I understand that the Organix is quite a bit pricier than this Beneful, but it's also much healthier and worth the extra cost.
My dog is a 62lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially food allergies. He can also be a bit of a picky eater when it comes to his food so finding the right mix can often be difficult. While he loves just about any treat, I always have reservations about trying new food. Unfortunately, a large majority of popular dog foods today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new food so here are my thoughts on PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food;Pros+ Dog liked it and gobbled it up.+ Resealable Ziploc style bag.Cons- Filled with tons of poor ingredients for your dog such as Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, animal fat, soy flour, sugar, propylene glycol, meat and bone meal, animal digest, added color (Red 40, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 2), garlic oil, menadione sodium bisulfite complex. Artificial colors? Seriously? Do you really think the dog cares what color the food is when they eat it? Who are we trying to appeal to here, the dog or the person?- $22 is a bit expensive for a 15.5lb bag.  This food is often much cheaper at big box retailers and grocery stores.- Bag is plastic and currently not recyclable.My dog really enjoyed PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food.  However don't we all enjoy food that's bad for us? Unfortunately, that's exactly what this dog food is, bad for your dog. Someone said in a previous review if my dog was reviewing this food it would get 5 stars and my dog would agree with that. Lucky for him I know what's good for his health and PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food isn't it. With so many questionable and downright poor ingredients it's hard to really recommend this food for your dog. I definitely wouldn't purchase it again. Our current food is Nature's Domain Turkey Meal and Sweet Potato which is sold at Cost Co. It contains no potentially harmful ingredients, settles very well with my dog and is only $30 for a 25lb bag. If you're looking for a good healthy food, I recommend Nature's Domain brand or if you want to better educate yourself on what's actually in your current dog food I suggest visiting dogfoodadvisor.com. It's a great site that lists nearly all dog foods, breaks every ingredient and its properties down and gives a final overall rating on the food's quality.
I was expecting slightly better ingredients.  I did not expect for the majority of the ingredients to be  fillers; I expected proteins.  Dogs are omnivores leaning to the carnivore end of the spectrum.The package was shipped in an appropriately sized box and had air pillows to minimize crushing.  Not receiving dog food dust was nice.  I was disappointed in the product packaging itself.  There was supposed to be a zippered seal, but the sliding mechanism was missing.  Now my pantry reeks of dog food.Now, the most important part. . . Did my dog like Beneful?  Yes, if I hand fed her or if she were truly hungry.  She seemed to prefer the soft bits, digging around the others to eat them first.  Plus, I have to stay with her while she eats to encourage (trick) her into eating.  Sigh, I have better things to do than beg my dog to eat.
I tested this on several dogs. I feed my own dog Blue Buffalo Wilderness as she has skin/coat issues if she eats a food with grain.Overall the dogs ate it with varying degrees of enthusiasm. The aussie mix (mine), nosed around in it and ate a few pieces. She has eaten this food before in the past and liked it. She just loves her Blue Buffalo.Before we discovered that my dog's crusty skin and constant scratching were caused by grain, I had fed my dog this food, and several other foods off the shelves at the store (like Iams, Chef Michael, PurinaOne, etc.). There were coupons for various brands and I took advantage of them to try them. Unfortunately CORN is the first ingredient in this food, and if your pet has allergies to grain or grasses, this food isn't going to help them. But if I had to recommend this food over any Ol Roy or 'value brand' store brand cheap food, I would pick this one over those any day of the week. At least it has SOME meat products in it.
Purina Beneful has not been out for long, but it has become hugely popular!  My sister just switched her dog to it this summer, because he was having some stomach issues; she thought a new dog food might be a good idea.  (His stomach issues quit right before she switched, though.)  She was feedingPurina One Chicken & Rice Dog Food, 4-Pound Bags (Pack of 6), which is an excellent dog food, with meat as the first ingredient.  Corn is the first ingredient in Beneful.  Corn is a filler food, and not really good for dogs, cats, ferrets, etc.  Yet, so many animal feeds have it, including many of the outrageously expensive Science Diets.  And so many pets have eaten corn based food their entire lives, and lived a long,long time.  You could go nuts figuring out what to feed your pets!  (Oh, and don't feed your ferrets nuts!)  Personally, I think Purina One is a far superior feed over Beneful.  That's what I feed my cats--Purina One Cat Smartblend Chicken and Rice Cat Food, 16-Pound.  (Oh, and my ferrets, too--Purina One Kitten Growth & Dev, 7-Pounds.)  But my sister's dog loves Beneful, is doing fine on it, and she's sticking with it right now.  She says her dog needed more vegetables. :)
I must begin by saying my dogs are very picky.  They would not eat this food.  I am disappointed to take a look at the ingredients list, because this is pitched as one of the "healthy" dog foods, with the packaging showing meat and vegetables, yet it is chock full of corn meal and chicken by products.Also, this food is not the right size kibble for smaller dogs like mine.  I will stick with the small dog formula of a food where the first ingredient listed is meat.
I completely agree that the ingredients for this dog food look revolting, and the pictures on the package don't seem to represent what's actually in the product.  For example, there are clearly pictures of steak on the package, but when I examine the ingredients list, I don't see steak listed.  I also was surprised to see sugar and food colorings in the ingredients list.  Dogs have no nutritional need for sugar, and if they needed sugar to make this yummy for the dog, it must be really low on delicious meat.  Also, I don't see the need for food colorings.  My dog doesn't care what color it is, and if I'm willing to feed him "by-product meal," I'm not sure how it's improved by adding a chemical dye to make it green or whatever.  Also, the chewy bits are not good for their teeth.That said, my dog did act like it was Christmas when I gave him some.  So, two stars.  I won't be switching from my healthier brand to this one, though.
Ingredients: Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), rice flour, beef, soy flour, sugar, propylene glycol, meat and bone meal, tricalcium phosphate, phosphoric acid, salt, water, animal digest, sorbic acid (a preservative), potassium chloride, dried carrots, dried peas, calcium propionate (a preservative), L-Lysine monohydrochloride, choline chloride, added color (Red 40, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 2), DL-Methionine, Vitamin E supplement, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, manganese sulfate, niacin, Vitamin A supplement, calcium carbonate, copper sulfate, Vitamin B-12 supplement, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin D-3 supplement, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, folic acid, biotin, sodium selenite.Fiber (estimated dry matter content) = 4.7%The first ingredient in this dog food is corn. Corn is an inexpensive and controversial cereal grain of only modest nutritional value to a dog.For this reason, we do not consider corn a preferred component in any dog food.The second item is chicken by-product meal, a dry rendered product of slaughterhouse waste. It's made from what's left of a slaughtered chicken after all the prime cuts have been removed.In a nutshell, chicken by-products are those unsavory leftovers usually considered "unfit for human consumption".In addition to organs (the nourishing part), this stuff can contain almost anything -- feet, beaks, undeveloped eggs -- anything except quality skeletal muscle (real meat).I have seen enough:This is according to the Dog Food Advisor.This is just a samll part of their review that can be found on the web just Google "review for Beneful".I am no expert so I felt the need to quote someone who is.  We love our dogs and they deserve the best food available. Personally I use only raw for my dog but thought he might like a change so I tried a few different kinds.  This is not as bad as some so I will use it for training since it is hard and not to greasy and I do not feed my dog large amounts.My dog does seem to like it but it is not going to be part of his mealtime.  Something I noticed on the label is a reference to feeding our dogs once a day, may I caution you, I used to feed my dog once a day until I found out that, that causes bloat.  Bloat is a very painful condition that only some dogs get when they seem to eat too fast, this is also due to the one a day feeding they seem not to be able to get enough. Please feed your dog twice per day.I do not feel this is a very good food for your dog.  Dogs are generally not made to deal with so much grain they are carnivores and do much better on a diet almost completely meat and bones. According to Peta some of these dry foods are the remains of dead and sick animals as eluded to in the later review.  I will stick to the diet I put my boy on.  I suggest you keep looking for something better.I am sure some of us do not eat the best food all the time and sometimes will eat bacon and eggs and a twinkie now and again and that is fine and it will not kill us and this food, on ocassion, will not kill our dogs but please do not feed them a food like this on a regular diet.We have our dogs for such a short time why not feed them quality food to keep them around longer.
I like bribery. I use it on my dog. She's a 2 year old Anatolian Shepard who flirts with being under weight because she's so athletic. I usually get her Blue Buffalo or Merrick wet food to add on to her dry food once or twice a week when she's been good and hasn't done stuff like poop on the bike trail or spend hours barking at the neighbors wind chimes. And she responds well to this bribery. She's a very picky eater though so it has to be something worth her time or she will turn her long nose up at it. Unfortunately after half a can of this food that's exactly what she did.Appearance wise this is more like a meat paste than a wet food. Comparing it with a can of her Merrick the Merrick was chunks of meat and veggies that you can see with a thick gravy surrounding it as it comes out of the can with a slurpy noise. The Pedigree looked like ground up spam with no visible veggies and it chunked out of the can with a fork like slightly stale library paste. In the bowl the Merricks gravy coats the dry kibble as I mix them with a fork - yes my dog is spoiled. The Pedigree just broke down into slightly smaller clumps.First 10 Ingredients from the backs of both cans: the Merrick lists deboned turkey, turkey broth, chicken, sweet potato, carrots, green beans, apples, peas, potato, and dried egg product. The Pedigree lists chicken by product, sufficient water for processing, chicken, brewers rice, carob bean gum,sodium tripolyphosphate, carrageenan, vegetable oil, minerals( potassium chloride, magnesium proteinate, zinc sulfate, copper lysine complex, copper sulfate, potassium iodide), xanthum gum. Just let me say that the spell check on my PC really didn't like the Pedigree list. And I can see now why my dog preferred the other food as well. The thing that gets me is that both foods are about the same price. That's food for thought.
My dogs are not usually very picky, however, they did not seem to enjoy the Pedigree ground chicken and rice. They usually eat some quickly I wonder if they can even taste the food! This time my Pekingese turned her nose up at this and my Doxie, who will eat almost anything, seemed ambivalent. It seems they prefer the Rachael Ray or Alpo I was feeding them before. So from a doggie point-of-view only 2 stars.
The only thing that really bothers me about this dog food is the lengths they go to in order to dress it up as something more than it is.  It's a basic dog food, marginally better than plain old Purina Dog Chow, and does meet dogs' basic nutritional needs.  My dogs were happy to eat it (but they've never met a dog food they didn't like).However, as someone else noted, it is very cereal-heavy, including grains such as corn and wheat that many people prefer to avoid in their dog's food.  Calling it Grilled Sirloin doesn't mesh with its being primarily cereal.  That's like calling your bowl of Wheaties a milkshake because it has milk in it.The "potato and green bean garnishes" are just that, garnishes, on the order of a small twig of parsley on your plate.  Potatoes and green beans are near the bottom of the list of ingredients, if you don't count the many added vitamins (if the ingredients are so good, why are so many vitamins added to meet nutritional standards?), preservatives, and artificial colors.  What you see in the mix is extruded kibble dyed green and yellow, not actual pieces of vegetables.So, we have a bag of cereal called "sirloin," with dyed green and yellow bits implied to be beans and corn, mixed with kibble extruded in a way that makes it resemble meat.  I wish they'd put more effort into the recipe and less into the disguise.
Full disclosure: I cook for my dog. He is a 13-pound dachshund that eats organic homemade stew, a la Spot's Stew. This happened after he kept having anal problems when he was consuming the Organic / All Natural / best-money-can-buy dry food.Still, I like to keep dry food in the house in case of emergencies (such as power outages that cause his food to go bad because of lack of refrigeration), when travelling and without access to his normal food.This is where this chicken dry dog food formula comes in. I should mention that my dog is not a finicky eater, but will hesitate when he has to eat dry food instead of his usual wet stew. I was a bit surprised when he decided to try Chef Michael's formula. He seemed content with eating it, but then his anal gland problem resurfaced.Although I can't scientifically prove that the two are related, I would encourage everyone to stay away from dry food, even if your dog seems to like it. This food has a lot of fillers, and is not the cheapest food on the market. I won't write a price comparison for how much it would cost to feed my dog vs how much this 4.5-pound bag is, but let me say that emergency vet visits far outweigh any amount you'd daily spend on good food.
The advertising is seductive.  A handsome young chef prepares a wonderful meal of quality food for his adorable little dog.  You too can do the same by buying his premium dog food.Unfortunately the food does not live up to the hype.  Even though beef is the first ingredient, the protein  count is boosted by plant ingredients, to wit, soy and corn gluten meal.  Additionally, it contains other questionable ingredients incuding animal digest (chemically hydrolized by products sprayed on the food to improve the flavor), chicken by products (essentially rendered slaughterhouse waste) and artificial colors. It also includes menadione which is a form of vitamin K suspected in allergies, liver toxicity and abnormal breakdown of red blood cells.  The food itself had little odor and an relatively attractive appearance. Luckily my dogs, who usually don't show the best judgment with their food choices,weren't too enthusiastic and only nibbled reluctantly.I believe what you feed your dog impacts his health. I have a few friends who actually prepare the food for their dogs but that is largely impracticle for me.  So I will continue investing in Fromms and Innova, both premium products.  Expensive, yes but worth it as an investment in the pet's health and well being.
I'm aPurina Beneful Healthy Weight, 7-Poundsuser and my beagle loves it. When I saw this premium looking dog food I decided to try it out and give my dog a treat. The problem is that she wouldn't eat it. And looking at it I can see why (check my pic above.)This food is gross looking and smelling. My dog sniffed it for a second but wouldn't go after it. I left it out for her during the day and over night and she never touched it.Some dogs may go for it so I can't say it's a bad product. But I can say that it was a bad product for me and my pet. I don't recommend it.NOTE: I'll be giving this away to a family member for her daschunds and I'll update it if they liked it to be fair.
Unless you are already feeding your dog a low end dog food, Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin is not something I'd recommend feeding to your pet.I try to feed our dog better grade dog food.  Right now he is eating Castor and Pollux Natural Ultramix.  There are several other high quality pet foods available.If you'd rather skip this review and are looking for a better quality dog food, there are several out there, some of which strive to serve "natural/organic" products.  Here are justa few, listed alphabetically:  Blue Buffalo, Castor and Pollux, Merrick (who recently merged with Castor and Pollux), and Wellness.Chef Michael's is a Purina product.  While not trying to malign Purina, I am not aware of any better quality dog foods they produce.The ingredients, in order, directly from the label:Beef, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, poultry by-product meal, ground wheat, animal digest, pearled barley, calcium carbonate, calcium phosphate, salt, grilled sirloin steak flavor, dried green beans, dried potatoes, sulfur, Vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, added color (Red 40, Blue 2, Yellow 5, Yellow 6), niacin, wheat flour, potassium chloride, L-Lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, Vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, calcium iodate, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), biotin, sodium selenite. C-5900.Nothing against beef for my dog, so it doesn't start out bad.  But after that....soybean meal and soy flour are just "protein fillers".  The next largest ingredient is animal fat.  Animal fat can come from numerous sources, including rodents, diseased animals, and you really just don't know the source.  After that, there are several grains, many of which do not provide any nutritional value for a dog, like corn. This dog food also contains poultry by-products.  Any by-product is typically bad:  it can be various parts of animals, heads, feet, beaks. Some people point to its protein concentration, but in general meat and poultry by-products should be avoided.There is also artificial coloring in the food.  Not that there is necessarily anything horrible with this, but it is dog food, so why add something which has no value and could potentially be harmful to the dog?So what is there to like about this product?  As a dog food, really not much.  But, dogs do seem to like the taste, so, like junk food for humans, maybe a little bit in moderation can be used as a treat.  The food consistency is "chewy" so I squeeze together a couple of pieces and give it to my dog as a "candy" treat.Sadly, the price of this dog food is not so low as to make it such a value by weight as to draw people to buy it.  For this 4.5 pound bag, for the same price per ounce, you can buy a much better dog food. Even when buying a larger bag of this product, it is not that much less per ounce than better quality dog food.  When you factor in that it's got a lot of low quality ingredients, it is not a better bargain at all.
I really tried to get my dog to eat some of the food from the bag that I was sent to review. I offered it to her several times. I even resorted to trying to wrap it in bits of ham the way that we administer pills to her. She is very picky and sometimes once you can get her to at least taste something she comes around and decide she likes it.In this case, it didn't work out. She ate the ham and spat out the dog food. After repeating this on several different occasions I took the hint and quit trying to get her to eat the food. For whatever reason, she's just not going for this one. It's not the healthiest of dog foods, anyway, so I'm not planning to give it another shot or try another flavor any time soon.
This food appears attractive and healthy when poured into a bowl - it looks like chunks of dried meat among veggie-rich kibbles. My dog very happily scarfed it down.I, unfortunately, read the ingredient list. It is extremely soy and corn heavy (both almost guaranteed to be GM), and includes nasty items like poultry by-product meal and animal digest. Whatever those chunks are, they are in no way related to real meat.As much as my dog loved this, I will not be making it part of his regular diet - it's just not real food.
Opening this bag showed us a food that looked like it had been made to fool us into thinking it was actual food.  There were chunks that resembled chicken, peas, carrots...but the "chicken" chunks were spongy textured.  Visually interesting, but so is wax food items?  Smelling the bag didn't enthuse us much either.  Then again, the real test wasn't our opinion of the food, it was going to be one small chihuahua.He sniffed it, snorted, and went to his bed.  He absolutely refused to touch it.  He meant it too, going on a hunger strike until we removed this food from his dish and replaced it with Rachel Ray food.  (He loves the 6 ingredient version)For ingredients, Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken does list chicken as the first ingredient, followed immediately by soybean meal and then soy flour, and more soy ingredients are listed as well.  That's a lot of soy...It looks like Purina added a lot of visual appeal to satisfy owners, but failed on the things that actually get dogs to eat it, like taste and aroma.  While our will-eat-anything dogs don't mind it, they aren't especially thrilled either, and the picky eater it was intended for absolutely refuses to have anything to do with it.  With that said, it is good as play food, but not so good as dog food.  I'll pass on this in the future.
The quick way to evaluate any dog food is to look at the first ingredients in ingredients list. For Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food, we have these as the first eight components:Beefsoybean mealsoy flouranimal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of vitamin E)brewers ricesoy protein concentratecorn gluten mealground yellow corn... This is not a good list. Beef will shrink and lose its water after cooking. Soybean meal and soy flour boost the protein level, but provide less quality to this food than would actual meet. Animal fat could be any sort of gross restaurant or slaughterhouse leavings, according to the DogFoodAdvisor website. Brewers rice, soy protien concentrate, corn gluten meal and ground yellow corn are all immediate red flags of little nutritional value to a dog.As withPurina Beneful Healthy Radiance, 7-Pounds, this is yes beautifully packaged, but not really that good for your dog. I'll stick with theVerus Life Advantage Chicken Meal, Oats And Brown Rice Formula Dry Dog FoodandVerus Advanced Opticoat Diet Menhaden Fish Meal And Potato Formula Dry Dog Food
Dog food like this is made for the human palate. Just look at the bag...since when can dog's read? If they could they would demand real ingredients with no fillers. Remember your mutt will generally eat anything you will or make funny noises because it smells good. Good dog food does not smell good.I did let my mutts try a handful. True, they swallowed it right down, but the gas and diarrhea that followed was horrendous. The gas was so bad I left the house and let my wife deal with it.No more junk food for my mutts.
I normally feed my dog a semi-premium brand called 4Health which I get through Tractor Supply Co stores and my dogs love that food. It's the usual "boring" food, all the same shape and color, little round brown balls. So when I opened this bag of Chef Michael's and put some in their bowl they loved it! After all this is a change, but is it a good change? Like other reviewers I'm not impressed with the ingredient list. For the price it seems like there are far too many fillers in the food. And the food is a bit "moist" and in my experience working in a pet store dog food with moisture can easily start to bread mold and other bacteria. I'm not saying this bag had mold but it's a concern I have. My dogs did like this food, it's a nice treat for them but I think I'll stick with my current brand. Sure I'm paying about 25% more per bag when matching pound for pound but the food I feed them now doesn't contain the fillers, doesn't contain the coloring and doesn't have moisture built into it which creates some worry but also creates more weight so all in all it's less food when you consider it. Plus in my house my dogs don't do well with moist foods. It creates a mess on the back end if you know what I mean.I would pass on this, it's ok for the occasional treat or change if you want to mix it up a little bit (ensure you do so responsibly so you don't get your dogs sick), but I wouldn't make this a daily food for them.
I am a vine reviewer, and a dog trainer. At first I liked the contents label, I liked the higher than regular protien content. I have shelties that eat purina one, or call of the wild. My shelties eat everything, like all dog foods.So taste was not an issue, polished both bowls.I mixed the food with left over taste of the wild.I noticed when I mixed the food I did not like the smell of the food, and I was wary of the meat bites, they looked very red.After a week, both dogs have upset stomachs, and the poop is foul compared to the same protien level taste of the wild.The garage started to smell really bad, I wondered if the cat had missed the litter box, no it was the food.so I can not recommend this food.
Chef Michael's is one of those dog foods that looks good enough to eat. In other words, it's marketed to humans who want their dogs to eat the kinds of food they do.I was attracted by the "pea and carrot garnishes," thinking the product would have lots of healthy ingredients. Unfortunately, it doesn't. The second ingredient, after chicken, is soybean meal. That's followed by soy flour. It's also got ground yellow corn, ground wheat, and oat meal. To make things even worse, food dyes have been added.This is pretty much junk food for dogs. Even though it's tasty it's kind of like giving your dogs McDonald's every day.This might be okay as a treat, but I would never use it as a daily food for my dogs.
Of course she liked the taste - it's basically junk food for dogs.  I just can't get past the ingredients.  I won't be feeding this to my dog.  It's a cheap, low-quality food and I love my dog and want to give her better.  If you want to feed your dog a quality food, find something else.
Dogs liked it "okay."  Did NOT give it th the dogs on restricted diets (I have a Scottie and a Golden that have allergies). And the price point is high for the grade of food that this is.  At this price point, you can get a food with less wheat and soy.  And, one that dogs LIKE better.  Dislike.  (O, and this has red dye.)I recommend [...] for finding a quality food (and the best quality fr your price range).
My dog is a 62lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially food allergies. He can also be a bit of a picky eater when it comes to his food so finding the right mix can often be difficult. While he loves just about any treat, I always have reservations about trying new food. Unfortunately, a large majority of popular dog foods today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new food so here are my thoughts on Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food;Pros+ Dog loved it and gobbled it up.+ Some moist and tender food chunks along with the kibble.Cons- Filled with tons of poor ingredients for your dog such as Soy, Chicken by-product, wheat, corn, artificial preservatives, flavors or colors. Artificial colors? Seriously? Do you really think the dog cares what color the food is when they eat it? Who are we trying to appeal to here, the dog or the person?- Expensive for a 4.5lb bag.My dog really enjoyed Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food.  However don't we all enjoy food that's bad for us? Unfortunately, that's exactly what this dog food is, bad for your dog. Someone said in a previous review if my dog was reviewing this food it would get 5 stars and my dog would agree with that. Lucky for him I know what's good for his health and Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food isn't it. With so many questionable and downright poor ingredients it's hard to really recommend this food for your dog. I definitely wouldn't purchase it again. Our current food is Nature's Domain Turkey Meal and Sweet Potato which is sold at Costco. It contains no potentially harmful ingredients, settles very well with my dog and is only $30 for a 25lb bag. If you're looking for a good healthy food, I recommend Nature's Domain brand or if you want to better educate yourself on what's actually in your current dog food I suggest visiting dogfoodadvisor.com. It's a great site that lists nearly all dog foods, breaks every ingredient and its properties down and gives a final overall rating on the food's quality.
Here are some words that were never spoken on some cold prairie winter in the pioneer days, "The wolves will be coming down from the mountains tonight...we need to secure the corn and soybeans!" Think about that.The packaging seems deceptive to me. The picture seems to show dehydrated chunks of meat and peas. Nope. It's all just processed kibble to which color has been added. (Oh there are some "chicken flakes" in there too) Dogs don't see color. It was added to trick you into buying it. If tricking you is the foundation of their product design, you might guess it goes down hill from there. You would guess right.The primary ingredient IS chicken...but that doesn't really make a food a species appropriate diet. Consider this: The primary ingredient of Chicken McNuggets is also chicken. And it's still junk food.Dogfood Adviser (Google that) gives this food one star based on ingredients. Vegetarian dog foods get higher scores.One of the top ingredients is animal fat. Animal fat is a generic by-product of rendering.Since there's no mention of a specific animal, this item could come from almost anywhere: roadkill, spoiled supermarket meat, dead, diseased or dying cattle or euthanized livestock or even other pets.Similarly "poultry byproduct meal" is slaughterhouse waste considered "un-consumable" for you and me.Cedar likes it (like fat children love McNuggets) so I am going to give it two stars. Junk food isn't evil, but you need to go into it with eyes wide open and know that it can't be the staple of a diet either. The packaging seems to indicate that this should be the staple of the diet.
While other dogs may perceive this dog food as delish, my Yorkie says no. Why?  I cannot know with certainty, but I suspect that she resists any dog food with corn as an ingredient.  Perhaps she smelled something she does not like, but she walked away, letting me know that this was not a treat.  It remains in her bowl, hours after offering it to her.It's back to the super expensive stuff. . . and the cooked chicken.  Spoiled dog?  Sure, but she's a healthy dog!
I switched from Orijen Adult to Chef Michael's last month to review ther Chicken-flavor dry dog food. The first thing I noticed about it is how different it looks from other dry foods. Instead of being a uniform appearance, the kibble contains several different varieties which look like tiny freeze-dried pieces of chicken and vegetables (peas and carrots). It is also a very light kibble. I looked at the feeding recommendations, and was surprised to see that they recommend 1 cup of kibble per day for every 10 pounds of weight, meaning an 80 lb dog will go through 8 cups of food a day. My 60lb husky would require 6 cups, even though I am currently feeding him 2.5cups of the Orijen. That seems to me to indicate either a lot of water or filler in the food. Most of the foods I have tried my dog on have been very protein-rich, and my dog can get by on just 2 cups a day. I wasn't going to give him 6 cups of food, so I reduced it by half and had no problems with him appearing hungry, even though he is a very active dog.My dog seemed to enjoy the Chef Michael's, but he is not a picky eater so he would probably eat anything. He threw it up twice during the 3 weeks of feeding him, but I can't determine if that was due to the food or something else. Most likely, the food was not a contributing cause. As far as ingredients go, there isn't much in the list of Chef Michael's to get me excited. I noticed the inclusion of artificial coloring and several dyes. The main ingredients are chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, and animal fat (but doesn't mention what animal). Several of the ingredients in Chef Michael's are controversial and when I did additional research on many trusted sites I have used in the past, most of them do not have positive reactions to these ingredients. The kibble design and inclusion of artificial dyes appear to design this product more toward marketing it to humans than as a beneficial kibble for dogs, and I have to admit I bought into the fancy name (oven "roasted" rather than just saying "baked") and product images into thinking this was a high quality kibble. I have a little bit of it left, but will likely switch back to my Orijen and just discard the rest rather than giving it to my dog.
I should start by stating that my dogs have never eaten dog food that wasn't organic and made from the same ingredients that humans consume. They digest it well and they are healthy.  I decided to give this dog food a chance because it's inexpensive, and I fell for the slick marketing. I'm not sure what I was thinking!  I thought they might turn their noses up at the new food, but they loved it.  I only gave them a handful each to test it out, and I think they thought they just received a handful of treats!  Many hours later, however, their stomachs started to rumble and they became a little sick.  The low quality ingredients are hard to digest, especially for dogs that are used to human-grade foods  (in other words, they eat REAL food).  I feel guilty for even trying this.  I'll stick with organic dog foods from now on.  They do cost more, but when your dogs are like family, why skimp on something so important?  I recommend Newman's Own dry dog food for a lower cost organic that is still high quality.
My dogs don't "bite" these; I'm assuming that the good stuff happens a bit farther along the digestive tract.  Given that I have a "Let it be" sized yard, fecal odor is not really anything I have to deal with.I'm uncomfortable with something that is marketed with the slogan, "Helps maintain a clean condition within the intestines."  I'm old enough to have been through the basic colonscopy prep, and there is NO "clean within the intestines," even after the prep.  Makes me wonder about the other claims made on the package.
I am not quite sure how to tell if this works or not. If its breaking down waste, I still have debris on the bottom. It looks different but still there. I do not believe this will negate water changes so I am no longer going to use it and just vacuum my gravel/change water like I always do.
I used this once so far. Only one capful for the first use.  I made the water cloudly for about two days, then it cleared up. About a week later, the normal fish residue was back. It didn't seem as effective as I thought it would be.  This was the normal amouint of time for things to build up.
And I mean she really did not like this food. She would not touch it alone, and when I put her favorite wet food on top, she very carefully ate all around it. The only way I was able to get her to eat any of it was to mix it with her favorite food. I can't figure out why she dislike this food so much, she eats other Beef and Rice foods, I can't smell or see anything wrong with it (no I am not going to taste it) and has had Purina before, but this one was a definite No!On the plus side, my cats did eat it and I suspect they ate more of it than Button did.
For kicks I went to the dogfoodproject website and looked at their list of ingredients to avoid, and I was shocked at how many of the ingredients of this food show up in that list.  They brag about the number 1 ingredient, which, yes, is great, but it goes downhill fast after that.  Of the top 7  ingredients, 4 of them are on the list&#8212;including the second ingredient, Brewers Yeast!  And in the rest of the ingredients, several more are also on the list.  The common theme of all of the ingredients to avoid is that they are low-quality & inexpensive ingredients.  I&#8217;m sure the manufacturer will argue that they are not harmful and do provide nutrition, but if you&#8217;re hoping for actually wholesome ingredients, you may want to look elsewhere.  Animal fat, for example, is the fourth ingredient, and the dogfoodproject explains both what that means and what it doesn&#8217;t: &#34;Note that the animal source is not specified and is not required to originate from &#34;slaughtered&#34; animals. The rendered animals can be obtained from any source, so there is no control over quality or contamination. Any kind of animal can be included: &#34;4-D animals&#34; (dead, diseased, disabled, or dying prior to slaughter), goats, pigs, horses, rats, misc. roadkill, animals euthanized at shelters, restaurant and supermarket refuse and so on.&#8221;  Shudder.Similarly, although the Purina website defends the ingredient &#8220;animal digest,&#8221; I am skeptical. The Truth About Pet Food website explains this about the ingredient &#8220;animal digest&#8221;: &#34;FDA testing determined that the pet food ingredient &#8216;animal digest&#8217; to be a likely source of pentobarbital &#8211; the drug used to euthanize animals.  Thus, the pet food ingredient &#8216;animal digest&#8217; can start with animal protein &#8220;such as&#8221; euthanized animals &#8211; any euthanized animal.&#8221;  Wait, excuse me?  That&#8217;s really gross and definitely not an ingredient I want in dog food.One notable observation is that this food is less calorific than some others.  Purina SPORT, for example, requires 3 2/3 cups daily for a 100-lb dog, but this one (SAVOR) requires 5 c daily.  More in means more out&#8212; there are obviously more lower-calorie fillers in this one than in, say, SPORT, and feeding this product over one with a denser caloric profile will mean more poop.Personally, I don&#8217;t see that this is a good choice for dog food.  It seems to have really cheap ingredients, many of which legally may include diseased or euthanized animals, and to top it off it has so many fillers it will just create more poop for me to clean up.  The packaging may look all sleek and fancy with champion-looking dogs on it, but ultimately, this is unimpressive food.  The only reason I'll kick it up to 2 stars is that I appreciate the lack of MSG and artificial colors, as well as the beef-as-first-ingredient.  If your budget won't allow food with better ingredients, then at least this is a step up from the very worst choices of dog food out there.
At first, I thought my nervous cat was going to go for this because she got excited when I was opening the bag. There's another chicken chew she really really likes. She gobbled down a couple of these and I guess she realized it wasn't what she liked because she hasn't touched any since, and none of the other 6 cats even recognize it as food. They turn away even if I put it up to their nose.But cats are different. That doesn't mean yours won't eat it, but I can't tell if it makes them composed if they won't eat it.
When I read the ingredients of these treats I thought for sure that my dogs would like these. I have 3 large breed dogs which usually love to eat just about anything. I have Rocky, a black and tan coonhound, Buddy, a blue heeler and a very large pit bull named Hutch. Rocky and Buddy have turned up their noses in disdain to these treats everytime I have offered them. The pit bull Hutch will eat them very grudgingly and even then he'll leave half of the treat on the ground, this is odd because, he'll eat just about anything including tree branches. So, I wouldn't pay the higher price for these treats, my dogs just don't like them.
These are actual slices of tuna that can be either a treat or a meal for your cat or dog. As others have mentioned, I too had trouble getting the package open. You are supposed to tear off the top and then open a resealable zip closure. But by the time I got to the tuna, the zip was ruined, so it became a meal for my cats. The tuna was easy to handle and broke up into smaller bite-sized bit without any effort. It also was not as "fishy" in smell as you might expect.Did my cats like it? Of Yeah! But the problem is price. $9.99 for a 4 ounce package? You can get 12 Chicken of the Sea 2.5 ounce tuna packages here on Amazon.com for $15.54 and this is tuna you can eat too!If it had a better price point and was easier to open, I would give it a better score. But at this price, you are better off buying tuna from the grocery section of the store.
I have two cats who would greatly benefit from anything that can help them with their skin & coat.  Unfortunately they will not eat these chews.  They seemed excited at first, started to chew at them, then left them.  I attempted to give the chews to my other cats & they too behaved the same way.  As a last ditch effort I gave one to my dog.  She ate it & seemed happy.  I have been giving her one pet chew a day & she seems rather happy for the tidbit.  Thanks to the dog the treats wont go to waste.The ingredients seem decent enough.  I'm not sure what it is the cats don't like.  It could be the size (they are rather large).  It could be the texture (they are rather hard for chews).  It could be the taste.  Heck!  It could be all three!If none of my cats will eat the supplement, I cannot give a high rating. If they were for dogs, they'd get 5 stars.
When I first opened the bag I thought my cats would love this, the smell is fairly fishy and the younger one particularly loves that stuff. He had trouble with it though, you could tell he was interested but I think maybe the bites are too thick/dense so he wasn't sure how to eat it. He finished one but was entirely disinterested the next day that I offered so I can't say whether or not this really helps his coat or anything like that.I wouldn't really recommend it based entirely on it's size/density, the cats just won't go for it despite an interest in the smell.
The basic idea is great.  Constantly running clean water for a dog or cat is a great idea, especially for cats which love to drink moving water.However, the Drinkwell Hy-drate water purifier is, frankly, kind of useless.  FIrst, if you have a normal-sized or small water dish, it's going to take up about half of the space of the bowl.  Because of its size, my kitten is actually kind of afraid of the bowl now.  I've had it in for a couple days and she still hasn't gotten used to it.Now, as far as the "dangerous" part. . . well, it may not be actually "dangerous" unless there's a caused problem. . . but, let's face it, sometimes animals (or kids, if you have them) can interfere with electronics.  Imagine if your cat or dog decides to chew on the wire for the purifier (which is a common thing).  Now, you'll have a bare wire lying in a water dish that your cat or dog will be drinking from.  Does that sound like a swell idea?  Didn't think so.Overall, I can imagine that this might be useful for some animals.  But it's not for my cat.  I'm going to try it with a friend's dog to see if he likes it, but I doubt it.  I'd pass & get a dish that already has its own purifier in it if you want it.Final Verdict: **/*****-AP3-
I like gadgets and am always interested in innovative products.  On the surface, the Hy-Drate sounds like such an item.  For me, however, it was a disappointment.I have one dog, a Golden Retriever puppy that is 8 months old.  He has a very large stainless steel water bowl, so I wasn't overly concerned about not having enough room to put the Hy-Drate in the bowl.  The product is about 4 " by 2 " by 2".  While that doesn't take up the whole bowl, it does take up a good deal of room, so factor that into your decision on if this is for you.Another thing to consider is bowl placement.  The Hy-Drate is electric, so you need to be able to put the bowl somewhere that can reach an electrical outlet.Speaking of electricity, as you know it dogs and electricity typically do not mix well, and the manufacturer warns "Do not allow your pet to chew on the power cord or hy-drate product.I set up the Hy-Drate and it wasn't noisy, although I could hear its hum, especially when the room was quiet.  It doesn't bubble water but circulates it and if you let it run it will filter out particles etc. from the water. My dog did not take to it though.  He saw it in his bowl, barked at it, walked away, etc.  Again, it is large enough so that the dog may see it in the bowl and be bothered by its presence.So, perhaps if you have a very, very big communal bowl that a few pets use, this might be a nice idea.  I'm still not overly crazy about the electricity and expecting the dog not to chew on something, especially something in his bowl!You would need filters, which you change every couple of weeks, in order to maintain the product's ability to clean.  The filters run about $2 each, so factor that into maintenance of the Hy-Drate.Were I not able to change my dog's water frequently and was desperate for a way to keep the water cleaner, AND I knew for a fact that dog was not a chewer, I might find this useful.  Otherwise, I don't think this is all that great.
Even my one dog who will usually eat anything won't eat this, I mixed the food with their regular food and they all pick around this. The ingredients are good (not the best but certainly better than most) but for some reason my dogs just don't like it.
Sorry but it's too bad Rachael Ray's Nutrish Healthy Weight Dry Dog Food didn't measure up. On the one hand, my dog liked it. She gobbles it up. She has been picky with dog food in the past so it was a plus to find something she would love to eat. However, when I got around to reading the bag label, it says, Turkey Meal,Chicken Meal,Corn Gluten Meal, Soybean Meal,Dried Beet Pulp,... these products have been found to cause inflammation, arthritis, diabetes, allergies and food intolerance. I gave a 2 star instead of a 1 star because at least it doesn't contain "by products and animal digest" like most do. Well, it doesn't "say" it does anyway. I was hoping since Rachael Ray seems to be an animal lover, she would make a better product. Hopefully she will improve it and I think for the price point she should. I don't want my dog eating it so we went back her old brand.
I really like this brand. I've raved about other treats that they make, but I was very disappointed with this. Our 11 year old Rottweiler has horrible, horrible gas. I feed them all natural foods, and no matter what we feed her, it doesn't help. I was hoping since it says in bold letters:"Stop Blaming the Dog" that this would help her and it didn't do a thing. I didn't expect to cure her gas but I thought it would help her be less gassy. While this is expensive for a large dog, I would have kept purchasing had they worked as we have tried many things and it's just that bad!
I've tried my cat Annie on three different Pet Naturals products now, and she just plain refuses to touch any of theml, even when I divide them into 2 or 4 smaller pieces.
I disliked the packaging and lack of information on the product itself and had to go hunting around the internet to find more information on how to administer/feed it to my dog. Powders are generally inconvenient and this powder is no exception. If they made it in a chew or tablet it would be easier to administer and less messy. Purely on the sake of time, I won't continue to feed it to my dog on a regular basis. I'm all about preventative care (as he is still somewhat young) but the hassle of the powder isn't worth my time.
The packaging claims that the 150g jar of powder is a 30-60 day supply; however, for my 40-pound dog it only lasted 10 days. This is partly because the packaging instructs you to double the dose for the first 4-6 weeks; however, even if I had not been doubling the dose it would only have last 20 days -- and it's supposed to be used on dogs more than twice my dog's size. If you have a dog over 75 pounds and want to double the dose as recommended, you'll be through with the jar in five days!In the little time before the jar ran out I did not notice any difference in my dog's joint discomfort.On the plus side, I suppose, there's the fact that she really loved the taste.
These are actually not treats, but are chews for dogs. They are calcium fortified, and at about 6 inches long and 3/4 inch wide, they are a great size for our little chihuahuas.Sadly, they both turned up their noses when I dropped them down where they were playing. Just not interested. I finally got one of them to chew on one for awhile, but only after I broke one in half. She chewed it down about an inch before she wandered away bored.While these may be filled with all kinds of wonderful stuff, unless the dogs are interested, they aren't particularly helpful.I gave them 2 stars instead of 1, since I was able to convince one of my dogs to at least chew on one for awhile.
Chewy is a 9 yr old 70 lb Doberman/Sheppard mix who will eat just about anything.  He's also what they call an "aggressive chewer."  So he's usually haqppy with any sort of chew toy or chew treat.  He wasn't all that excited about these.  The first time I gave him one he got excited and took it, eating it in under 30 seconds (I said he was an aggressive chewer!).  But the second time I offered him one, he just took it and dropped it.  Not his normal behavior with anything edible.  If given the choice between his usual treat and this, he went for his normal treat every time.
I have two small dogs, 8 and 22 pounds.  Neither are the fussy type, and will try most anything.  I could not get them to go near these, and I'm not sure why.  I know all dogs are different, and these have some advantages over plain rawhide treats, so others possibly will have better results.
These FunBites are pressed rawhide (not regular, traditional rawhide).  I feel safer giving pressed rawhide, because I have found regular rawhide to be a choking hazard with a dog I had in the past, so the "pressed' part is a plus in my book.  However, there is a shiny coating over the treat.  Doesn't look very good.My 30 lb dog ate one right away, but my mom's dog was standing right by Haley and she is very protective, so that may well be the reason.  My mom's 10 lb dog took it, took one bite of it, and dropped it on the floor (he is normally a little pig but still wouldn't eat it).  Her 15 lb dog wouldn't even take it from my hand.  My neighbor's 12 lb dog took it, chewed some pieces off, but dropped the pieces on the ground and wouldn't eat them.SO, only 1 of the 4 dogs I gave these FunBites to would actually eat the treats, and I still think that was out of possessiveness.  I don't think that bodes too well for the FunBites treats. Can't say I would recommend them to anyone.
Like any food product, it is all up to one's own taste, weather it be yours or your dogs. When I first received these, I offered it to my dog, in return she happily grabbed it and ran under the Daybed which is her routine when receiving a treat. The next time I offered it to her, she promptly turned her nose up at it. A few days later, I offered her another one to see if she wanted it then, again she turned her nose up at it and walked away. At which point, I let my cat sniff it since he seemed to be interested in what I had in my hand. My dog promptly came over grabbed it and ran under the daybed, at which point I saw her drop it. She might not have wanted it but she wasn't going to let the cat have it either.It claims: helps clean teeth while dog chews (don't know, my dog didn't eat more than one), easy to chew (my dog did chew it so that is correct), delicious flavor (doubt it, since my dog didn't want more than one.)
My Yorkshire terrier is found of treats and has learned a good number of tricks to do to get one.  So when Amazon Vine offered these Funbites, I chose them, hoping that she'd go for treats that were good for her teeth as well as for her tummy.No such luck!She begged to see what I held up for her, took it quickly under the bed, and just as quickly reappeared, having left it under the bed -- not her typical behavior.  Later, I found she had left it for me in my easy chair. a comment needing little translation from the original.Later in the day, I tried again, but to no avail.  She's having none of FunBites.So why do I give this product two stars rather than one?  The ingredients, for dogs who enjoy the product, seem appropriate with calcium and phosphorus for healthy teeth.I'll try the rest of the rather large bag on my neighbor's Jack Russell terrier. If she likes, them, I'll update this review.
My dog didn't like these (7 year old german shepherd).  I can't really comment on their effectiveness for dental cleaning or prevention because he wouldn't even eat one.  He eats dry dog food so he isn't spoiled.  He normally eats any treats we provide him.  but he had no interest in this.  He took it from my hand, walked a few feet, spit it out and wouldn't touch it after that.
I have six left in the packet. My dog will not chew or even play with these.This is my second try with this chew. The first I'd tried were the soy and I thought the peanut butter flavor would entice my dog, but no such thing.I ended up having to put the one I'd offered him in the trash after a couple weeks of it lying on the floor.I just cannot get my dog to like this chew at all and I've given up completely. Something must be amiss, either the flavor or the scent.
These treats might be fine for larger dogs, but they were not good for my 13-pound miniature poodle.At first he wasn't really sure what to do with it, but he finally started chewing on it. The outer rawhide separated and the dark center came out. My dog abandoned the rawhide at that point and concentrated on the flavored "filling." The package says one per day for a dog of his size, but I should not have let him finish it. Although he didn't throw up the treat, he seemed to be a little "off" after eating it, as if he wasn't feeling very well.These are probably OK for a large dog, but I will not give another to my miniature poodle. And I would not feed even a large dog more than one a day, despite the package recommendation.
Well, the dogs (basset, golden and retriever) loved these! It took them about 30 minutes to completely finish these. I liked the quiet in the house. The bad part, these are not super nutritious and these contain grains, which can cause problems for dogs. Now, if this is for digestion, I wonder why all three dogs had the worst gas ever. The only thing different in their diet for the day was these FunBites. They are not normally gassy. This leads me to believe it was caused by this treat. Beware.
OK....did my dog like these???  Yes!  Did I feel they were a healthy option for her?  No.  Honestly, unless I was home with her I would not give these to her.  I am concerned about choking or that a hard piece from the outer treat will be a problem.  These may help digestively, I don't know but when I am choosing to feed my dog Wellness Core why would I give her treats that were not of the same quality?  Dog nutrition is the most important things for your pet.  If I could afford to feed raw I would but since I can't I do my best to find high quality dog treats that I know will benefit my dog.
I feed my dog Wellness Core.  If I could feed a raw diet to her I would.  I do not feel that this product is up to the level of quality that I expect when giving my dog a treat.  Dog nutrition is the most important thing you can give your dog.  If the food or treats are not of high quality then you really should not give it to your dog.  Although my dog liked it, when I looked at the bag I was not thrilled with the contents.  Some may not be concerned and will only care that their dog is happy eating it and that is OK.  Just from my perspective, if I am going to pay money for something that my dog is going to eat, I want it to be of the highest quality possible and in my honest opinion, this product is not of high quality.
Well, first off, the chews are made in Mexico.  I guess that's okay, but I really would prefer something I give my pets made here in the US.  Second, my dogs were fairly ambivalent towards them.  Two ate them, one wasn't sure but ate it after a long time and one still has the chew in his crate.  So, my dogs were unimpressed.  Maybe your dogs will like it?
So I have a large dog that my dad hunts with this time of yr and per the instructions he should get 2 a day. Wouldnt touch by themselves, left in bottom of bowl upon being fed, ate the cheese and bread around them and left them on the floor. I have an easier time feeding him heart worm meds then this! Glad I tried them on Vine.
So far my elderly dog and middle aged dog really loves the taste of these wafers. So much so they stare me down like they are treats instead of vitamins! But time will tell if they help improve my dogs, especially my elderly dog's energy and I hope they will help their coats since the shed very much. They're picky eaters so this is a great supplement for them. Will update you all in a couple weeks.Update: Well my dogs have since refused to eat these any more and I am guessing if the taste was better they would still be interested. All I can do is crush the wafer up and mix it in a little wet food and add to their dry food.
The leash portion is like a giant medallion that sometimes flips up and covers some of my dog's face.  When the leash retracts, it frightens her.  Since the leash part is a small cord, rather than a flat leash, it's dangerous to hold it with my hand, and the handle is hard to hold when the dog jerks suddenly.  All in all, I think it would be OK to use on a trip, getting in and out of the car, but I don't think it's practical to use around the house and for everyday use.
We have a nasty habit of losing leashes and collars -- especially since we are sharing custody of one of our dogs.  I was hoping this might be a possible solution.  But the leash part is too flimsy to properly restrain an excited dog who just saw the dreaded squirrel scourge in his very own backyard.  Based on the previous reviews, I expected the part holding the leash to be larger and heavier.  However, that turned out to be a reasonable size -- physically, the foot-print is just a bit larger than their dog tags.However, the cord of the retractable leash is definitely not heavy enough and the first time my dog hit the end of the leash, it snapped off.I love the idea.  It just isn't ready for prime time yet.[NCJVR]
I have 2 dogs, one is a chihuahua and one is a sheltie. I wasn't sure which one this would fit on so I only ordered one thinking I would give this a try. After all wouldn't it be nice to always have a leash at the ready for your dogs?This thing is far too large for the chihuahua. The leash spool mechanism itself is almost the size of my dogs head and frankly I don't think it would be safe to leave on your dog. If the dog jumps this thing could easily get caught which would mean your dog could get stuck "hanging" somewhere. Highly unlikely but possible.I then put this in my sheltie and it fit decently. However the leash part always fell under the dogs head. Reaching down to grab the leash probed to be a little difficult when I needed to grab a hold of her. Additionally, the line that is used as the "leash" is not very strong. I'm not sure how much weight it can hold but I know my dog pulls hard and I have to have a standard size dog leash for her when we go walking. I am afraid that if I needed to quickly grab the dog via this leash she would easily pull and either break the line itself or the little knot on the end would come undone.I really have little confidence in this thing. It really is more of a novelty item. I wouldn't leave it on my dog all the time for safety reasons, so if I'm going to put a leash on and off I'm just going to stick with a sturdy, thicker, safer method.Fun design, poor true functionality.
As a pro dog trainer with a thriving business, I looked forward to reviewing this vine item. It is a small retractable leash hooked onto a collar. I have pondered uses for it, about the only one I can think of is the agility start line. its an easy on off collar. it would speed up all the people struggling with the recent harness fashion.I have my biases, I train dogs and do not use any retractables, they teach dogs to pull. I insist my clients train door stays. We use a drag rope inth beginning so handlers can catch a dog with our reaching for the dog, so I am stumped for a use for this that is not replaced by actual training.I am an old school, train the dog, person.so this review will be trashed ,but its honest. see dogladyforestgrove
As a dog trainer I like new and exciting pet products.  I received this a put it on one of my small pets that I train.  Here are some of the things that I didn't care for about it:The leash portion hangs in front of the dog in front of the throat rather than behind its head.Because the leash portion hangs in front of the dogs throat it really makes it cumbersome for a dog.Since the leash is in the front of the dogs throat if you need to quickly grab the leash you need to get in front of or to the side of the dog to grab the leash.When you are finally in position to grab the tabs on the front of the WalkieWay which by the way are very small, you really have to get a good grip on each side of the leash.  If you don't the leash will either quickly retract back into the dog's throat (possibly injuring or and definitely scarring the dog) or it will pinch your finger if you didn't pull the leash too far away from the mechanism when losing contact with it.Like I stated earlier, the concept is good but I don't like how it works.  In my opinion, if this product has any chance of becoming a 5 star item the leash mechanism needs to be located on the back of the neck, not the front.
I loved the idea of this collar.  I have 2 cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier and we haven't fenced in our yard yet.  You can imagine what it is like to take all of them out multiple times every day.  I was looking forward to a collar that could hold all of their leashes, so that I can eliminate the irritation of putting leashes on wiggly puppies.  Basically this collar was not the one.  The idea is good, the design isn't horrible, but it just isn't comfortable for the dog.  If your dog isn't well trained and it pulls or jerks when you take them for a walk it can also hurt your fingers or hands.  The size was fine for my dogs.The small size fits all of them comfortably, but I got three different reactions to it.  The jack russell terrier didn't mind it being on him, but the lightness and the fact that he didn't feel it as a leash made him jerk away from me and when it slipped out of my hand it hit him pretty hard.  My older cocker spaniel (1 year old) didn't want it on him and acted like he had a rock hanging from his neck even though it is pretty light weight.  He was also frightened by the sound of the leash.  The younger cocker spaniel tried to chew when it was on the other one, and also when I was putting it on him.  He couldn't be walked on it either because he wanted to turn his head around to chew the cord.Basically this would be fine, but only for a well trained dog that did not mind the extra bulk.  Maybe it would be better if the leash part clipped on and off, so you could use it when you need it, but that would probably defeat the purpose.  I just can't see any of my dogs getting used to having something that clunky on their necks all day.  They didn't eat or drink in them, but I can see that being a potential problem also.  Hopefully a better version of this will come out one day, but this one just doesn't make the cut.
The best thing about this collar is the concept itself. Having a retractable leash built into a collar is a great idea and should be further explored and better developed because there's great promise there.However, I wouldn't recommend this particular product. The design is not quite there yet.I first tried it on my cat (about 20 pounds) and the dangling leash holder was too big to be hanging around his neck. It looked too heavy on him and was about half the size of his head.But on a larger animal, my sister's dog (about 35 pounds, admittedly the top of the recommended weight for this product), the leash looked great but felt way too flimsy to control her. The leash itself is just a thin string and for a bigger dog it doesn't feel strong enough to hold them back. Additionally, there's no real handle on the leash, just a little piece of plastic that is uncomfortable to hold in your hand when you have a stronger dog pulling on you. And once the dog pulls the leash out you can't bring them closer because there's no catch mechanism. And bringing the dog closer by wrapping the string around your hand is a bad idea as it is so thin it is a bit like tightening a piece of kite string or thin rope around your hand.Good concept, poor execution.
I'm honestly unable to review this products affect on Sensitive Skin, as Miss Scottie  promptly turned her bearded black nose up and refused to eat it---unless bribed (yogurt, peanut butter, etc).  Several days of attempts were made.  It was a no-go.  She would not eat it, Sam-I-am, she would not eat it at all.  So, in the end it was "samples" by my Mum's sweet Ranger Mutt.  He thought it was grand (he's not exactly picky, though...).  But he's not a "sensitive" boy (unlike sensitive Miss Scottie).  Now, I did NOT try it on my sweet Golden Girl (she's an allergic little angel, on a grain free diet, and once I had checked out the online ingredient ratings on THIS, I chose not to disturb her Blue Wilderness Salmon diet; I'm pretty picky about what my baby eats).  The ([...] sites are recommended) ingredient reviews were far from stellar.  Iams seems to hover at the 2 out of five stars rating; which brings it in at the "below average" (though not positively horrible) rating----a rating that's unacceptable, esp in a food of it's price.  There are some "standard grocery store brands", like SOME (not all!) varieties of Purina, that garner better independent analysis ratings than Iams (though Iams costs MORE!).  So, all-in-all, it fails in the Value Test, the Taste Test, and the Ingredient test (not enough protien). I'm docking it one star for each of those three failures.  Personally, I can say that I really would recommend either Blue Wilderness (by Blue Buffalo) or Natural Balances Alpha dogfood.But even if you don't want to spend that much, or if you dont want to go grain free, you should be able to find a better option than this one.  Blessings on you and your pooch.
I am of the curious sort when it comes to dog treats and new ways to reward dogs so I jumped at getting this product.Lickety Stick arrived and three dogs were eagerly sitting in front of me; a cocker spaniel, a norwegian elkhound, and an australian shepherd.I unwrapped the stick and squeezed a little juice out of the tube onto the roller. I presented it to all three dogs. The cocker spaniel and the aussie eagerly licked away. The aussie licked away so much the cocker needed a wet cloth over the top of her head due to dropping juice on her head. The elkhound however, wanted no part in it.After a couple days of using it and trying it out I am left with the premise that it's an interesting take on a a dog reward - but in the end, the execution and possibility of making a mess leave this treat stuck in the treat drawer. I don't see myself buying these in the future.
I was given a bottle of the savory bacon flavor for the purpose of trying it out and reviewing it. I've tried on several occasions both with the bottle and with putting some on my fingers in case it was how it is dispensed that was bugging her and my dog just wants nothing to do with it.I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 because the concept is interesting and also because my dog is very picky. It's not the first time she's refused a treat, so I didn't think it merited a star rating quite so bad as "I hate it."I won't be buying any, though, unless she has a radical change of heart very soon.
I'm always willing to try something new for my dogs, and this sounded like a great idea, a portable no-mess treat delivery system.The flavor I'm reviewing is "Smoky Bacon"I experienced some of the same issues noted by other reviewers. The ball in mine did not roll freely, so once my dog licked it clean, I had to manually advance it with my finger. So much for the "no mess" aspect.Squeezing the bottle as suggested by a few only results in a glop of foul-smelling liquid oozing out and dripping on the floor.Yes, I said foul-smelling. I know dogs have a somewhat different take from their people on what smells good and what doesn't, but 3 of our 4 dogs recoiled at the smell of the product. Our only "outside" dog would take a lick, then take a sniff of her own rear end...presumably she found the scent similar. If you've ever seen a dog do that, then you know what I mean.I'm also concerned about how sanitary this delivery system is. Between uses you have a ball laden with dog-mouth bacteria multiplying. I doubt rinsing the ball before storage would help much, undoubtably some slobber is going to contaminate the bottle contents during usage. Refrigeration is not suggested on the label but it might help retard bacteria growth between uses.I think this product is another one of those things that sound like a good idea but the execution is flawed. I cannot recommend this product in good faith, and the $7.99 suggested retail price is a little steep for 1.7 fluid ounces of product.
I have a 60lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix who loves all sorts of treats so I'm always on the lookout for new products. Unfortunately, many doggie treats have gotten a bit pricey these days if you plan on giving them a helping. When the PetSafe Lickety Stik (essentially the same design as a roll-on deodorant) popped up on Amazon Vine I naturally snatched one up right away. Here are my thoughts;Pros+ Low in calories, 1 per 10 licks.+ My dog loved them.+ Container has a re-sealable cap.Cons- Fluid can drip out of roller ball and leave a sticky residue on surfaces.- Container is not really pet safe if the dog gets ahold of the treat.  Most dogs could easily chew apart the package and choke on the roller ball.- Doesn't promote healthy chewing, essential for a dog's teeth.- Small container is not good for bigger or messier dogs.  My dog licked not just the roller ball but the handle itself including my fingers.- Smells absolutely awful.My dog loved the Lickety Stik (although he's not terribly picky about treats) and the product allowed me to stop his treat giving at any time. Sadly, he doesn't get any dental benefit from ingesting this treat. Better suited for smaller dogs who won't slobber all over trying to lick out the fluid.  Still, I wouldn't pay the asking price for the item. The best thing about this treat was they occupied my dog long enough to groom him sufficiently.
This product is a bit odd, to say the least. It is designed in a roll-on deodorant type of bottle and your dog must lick the rolling ball to enjoy his treat.When first trying to get my dog to try it, he really looked at me, looked at the bottle, looked at me, looked at the bottle etc. You could literally see in his eyes that he was wondering what the heck he was supposed to do, or what I wanted him to do. Finally he took a swipe at it with his tongue. I assume he was unimpressed because he made no effort to go for another lick, despite my encouragement.The whole idea is just weird. I give my dog treats as well..treats, or to reward good behavior, or just to be nice, or to get him to lay/settle down for a little - in other words to keep him busy for a few minutes or so. This type of treat obviously goes against the idea of keeping him occupied for awhile while keeping my time free since you have to sit/stand there and hold the bottle for him. Now, don't get me wrong, we always have a variety of snacks on hand and I would not mind standing there holding this bottle for him if he actually liked the treat. It's just one of those little extra things we do to show our love. However, he just seemed to not like the taste once he did figure out to lick it, otherwise I assume he would have continued to lick.The texture of the liquid inside just looks gross to me. It is a clearish, somewhat dark brown color. Kind of like pancake syrup although not as sticky/tacky.If your dog will lick the roller ball and likes the taste, then I guess it is a good buy, but if not it is obviously a waste.I also cannot help but wonder who sat around and thought "Hmmmm, let's create a liquid dog treat and put it in a roll-on deodorant dispenser!!"
I tried this on three dogs, a border collie, a weiner dog, and a little taco dog. Each one showed an interest in only one of the three flavors, bacon being the top contender (two out of the three), as opposed to the chicken and liver flavors. However, the weiner dog (who has no other known allergies) was clearly allergic to this product -- she sneezed every time she licked it so I gave her no more. She has never sneezed like this before.In summary, with all the treats that are available for dogs these days, even though this one is a low-calorie type, I would pass it by. It seems like a good idea but in actuality, I'm pretty sure that you'll be seeing this product on the sale table at Big Lots before too long.
The roller ball on this treat (basically gravy) does not roll around readily from the friction of my dog's tongue licking. The only way to get gravy out of the bottle to where the dog can get it is by squeezing the bottle to force the gravy out around the edges and letting the dog lick the gravy off the surface (kind of defeats the purpose of bothering with the roller ball). I let my dog lick this treat for two sessions, but when I went back the third, the roller jammed so no matter how hard I squeezed, none of the gravy inside was coming out. I stood the bottle upright and pushed down on the ball to try to loosen it from the bottle top edge and let more flow through. This seemed to get the flow going again for 2-3 rough squeezes, but it shortly jammed again. I can still move the roller ball around with my fingers, and there will be a little gravy stuck to the part of the ball I move into the open, but it's not working as it was the first two times. There is still 2-3 tablespoons of product left in the bottle. Sorry, but I'm not going to sit there and manually roll the ball around with my fingers or forever tinker with pushing down on the ball so my dog can lick a miniscule amount of gravy at a time. I've checked for anything blocking the area between the bottle end and roller ball, but haven't seen anything likely to stop the flow or rolling (no dried clumps, etc). The convenience is lost if the gravy doesn't come out by itself from squeezing the bottle and the roller ball can't roll with the dog's tongue alone.I would recommend not using this over any carpet or floor surfaces you don't want to risk getting stained since there will likely be dripping. The gravy (when it did come out from squeezing the bottle) comes out from all sides of the ball at once instead of from one point where the dog can focus, so depending on which side your dog likes to lick, it might not catch the gravy from the side that isn't being licked right away in time to catch the gravy before it falls to the floor.The taste seems to be rated middle to low by my dog. My dog loves bacon flavored treats (can't get enough Beggin' Strips) and ate this product up readily enough in the beginning when it was new, but it's since become clear he isn't crazy about it. Now he's seen what this gravy is about, he might take one or two licks then walk away. I have to keep calling him back to encourage him to finish up and take another lick. I don't think I would be able to get him to finish the bottle even if it were flowing properly.I'm not sure I would bother buying more of these unless I was assured of the reliability of the bottle not jamming again and the roller working properly. I would love to see some sort of refillable roller bottle offered so I could fill it with some cheap homemade gravy instead (there is no way to refill these bottles yourself) since I do like the concept of limiting how much gravy he's able to get at at a time via this roller mechanism.
There are some upsides to this supplement. It is small and very easy to take. Many of the joint supplements are so large that they would be a real challenge to some people. Schiff is a brand that has been useful to me in the past.Unfortunately, these just didn't do anything for me. I know that hyalauronic acid is great for a lot of things. It is particularly great for hair and skin. But I had no results in joint pain relief or feeling of mobility. I highly recommend Schiff's Move Free formula with glucosamine and chondrotin even though it is larger.But if you know cartilage and hyaluronic acid work for you- this might be a good one.
The dogs liked these OK but they weren't terribly impressed. They each ate half of one and then left the rest in the hallway. Occasionally they go back for a little nibble. They're not so great for the humans either, they smell really really bad when they're chewing on them.
I will start by saying that my dog is a picky eater(unless of course it is people food and then he goes to town-LOL). I personally did not like the smell of them either-left a strange smell on my hands.Skip for all of the picky dog eaters!
We have been giving our cattle dog Emily joint supplements ever since she injured her knee a few years ago and had to have surgery.  The vet said she has a 40% chance of eventually needing knee surgery on her other knee, so we try and do everything we can to decrease the odds of that happening.  These dog chews are not as helpful as the Glyco Flex III chews she usually takes.  Why you ask, aren't all joint chews the same?  NO!  The dose for Emily is 4 of the Vermont Agility chews which isn't easy to administer since the chews came all broken up into little tiny pieces!  She loves the taste by the way, but then again, she also loves the taste of dead birds and cat turds so I'm guessing she would eat anything.  However, it is annoying to try and figure out how many "pieces" actually makes up a whole chew.  Giving these to your dog should be an easy way to administer joint supplementation not an exercise in doing tiny jigsaw puzzles that smell like chicken liver.
I normally love Pet Naturals of Vermont's products. However, the DMG bone-shaped chews for dogs is not one of them. First, the chews are teeny tiny. So if you have a big dog you are out of luck. My Doxie is 15 pounds and they were too small for him. Second, the are very moist - too moist. Third, the amount is not enough, doesn't last very long. All in all, not one of this company's better products. I was very disappointed.
They smell really odd when you open them and although she will take them gingerly and eat them, she doesn't seem to like them much. In fact, unless there are other dogs around at the park she will frequently drop these without eating them.I can't speak to how effective they are helping her agility or any other function because she simply hasn't eaten enough for me to see any difference.I am giving the remainder of the bag to a friend with a dog she uses in agility competitions. If she has a better result, I will update.
I recently adopted a cat that came from a cattery -- she developed conjunctivitis in her eyes and I was told that Lysine would help prevent the virus that is causing the eye goo (my clinical term for the condition).I purchased a different brand originally and the cats loved them so much they chewed the bag open to eat them.  Good news -- they loved them... Bad news -- now I had to pick up all the chews...The other brand was more expensive so tried these -- the cats won't touch them.  Even if they are out of food and hungry, they will sneak off to the dog food bowl and grab whatever crumbs the dogs have left.I have found that Lysine does help keep the eye goo from coming back -- or maybe it is because my kitten has outgrown the virus because she is no longer in a cattery.  However, you have to pick a brand that cats will eat.  This brand does not appear to please my pride.[NCJVR]
Not much more I can say...Annie eats absolutely nothing but Meow's Seafood.  I will try her on a couple of other Pet Naturals products, but am not hopeful.
Okay, first of all, this says for dogs AND cats, and I sampled it because it actually only said "cat treats."  Ummm, I have three cats, and none of them would touch this stuff.  First of all, they're HUGE, round discs.  You have to break it up into about 30 pieces (which is soft and gross and makes your hands stink) and even then, none of my cats were at all enthused with the results.  They sniffed, turned their nose up, and walked away.The dog however, was happy to clean up behind them.  She loved these treats, and they're definitely more large-dog size.  Each treat is a couple inches in diameter, almost an inch thick, I have NO IDEA why they would label these as cat treats.They're a little expensive for what they are, and there aren't that many in the package.  However the ingredients are good, and my dog loved them.  I'm just pretty disappointed these weren't cat treats since that's what I had originally wanted.Good for dogs, find something else if you have a cat!
This has a comfortable shape to hold, and it has a good surface area to use on furniture surfaces, but it misses an awful lot of fuzz.  I admit that my four cats create enough fuzz to stuff a jumbo beanbag chair on a monthly basis, but I find that any generic lint roller picks up more fuzz than the Pruven Pet Hair Remover.
**Maybe it's just me, but I have not found this product to be all that effective at removing cat or dog hair, of which I have one each of which.The first sheet comes pre-stuck onto the handle, which has an oblate part in the middle that you grab onto.  It's shaped sort of like the handle on the knives used by sheetrockers when they're doing the mudding and taping, if that helps you.  Closer to an egg than a rolling pin.Anyway, when I go to scrub the sheet against a surface I know to be virtually buried in cat and dog hair and then take a look, I find the sheet contains almost no hairs.  I tried another spot and got the same result, which was almost no additional hairs.  Finally, looking for some way to get this thing to work, I cast my eyes around looking for something I knew to have even more pet hairs on it, and, sure enough, at that moment my cat walked into the room, sauntered slowly over to the sofa I was on, jumped up onto the armrest, and deposited himself in that forepaws-tucked-in arrangement, in the full expectation that he would soon receive the petting he so very much deserved and which he surely didn't get enough of, if you ask him.You already know I stroked him with the Pruven 849P-SK-5 3.8 by 7.6-Inch Pet Hair Remover Tool with 5 Sheets.  I stroked him full-length several times with the grain of the fur and then I stroked him several times AGAINST the grain, which I thought he would disapprove of but which I also thought would surely pick up many cat hairs.This experiment produced two results.  One is that there were still almost no added hairs on the product's sheet.  The other is that Bently Geene was purring up a storm.So, now we know this product can make a cat purr when operated almost in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions, and we also know that it doesn't pick up cat or dog hair well.  Those rollers with lengths of sticky tape that you discard by tearing off one cylinder of film at a time work better, and I would think cheaper.Because of this I award only two stars.  It would be only one but I was so tickled with its effectiveness as a cat-stroking device that I went with two.If you've read many of my previous Amazon reviews you know I went off-book with testing.  Here's a list of pet hairs it won't pick up well: Pygmy hippo nasal hairs, giraffe-stalk, hamster tail, and porcupine quill.Also, it is simply awful as a substitute for a sheetrock knife or a grout float, and when you try to use it as either one on a Habitat for Humanity construction site, certain people will snicker at you behind your back.  On the other hand, some will laugh right in your face.If you don't look too close, the handle looks a lot like one of those paddles they use on TV to defibrillate someone's heart in a dramatic fashion, which I'm sure, like me, you've always secretly wanted to do.  The drawback is that in order to look realistic when you try this on Halloween or something, you have to buy two.Finally, if you take a look at the photo I've added to this product's description page you'll see why he's named Bently Geene.**
I have 3 dogs, our deaf American Bulldog loves to lay with me on the couch. I'm use to wasting money on the sticky rollers & spending to much time with the vacuum to get what hair I can off, even though I have most of the couch covered, his hair still seems to seep in any crack it can find. I tired this out and it was not successful for me. While it got some hair off, it certainly didn't work better than the sticky roller that I buy & use. I own a microfiber couch, that's probably half of my problem.
My first impression of this mat when I took it out of the packaging was that it would be way too small to catch the litter around the boxes. Unfortunately, I was right. While I like the material it's made of and think it would be an effective way to catch litter from the cat's feet as they leave the box, it would need to be at least three or four times bigger to contain the litter that inevitably gets scattered on all sides of the box when the cats dig around. I have two adult cats, 12 and 14 pounds, and have one average size litter box and an extra large box. The current litter mats I use are about 2.5 feet long by 2 feet wide and I've found that to be a perfect size. Since this Pruven mat is too small to put under the box, I just set it in front to catch the litter as the cats come out. It worked a little, but there was still a lot of litter scattered around the litter box area even after one night of use. Unless all you have is a tiny kitten-size litter box, I'd probably skip this mat unless you want to buy a few of them to put together to fully cover the area around the box.
I use these for my cats as the formerly feral ones will not use litter boxes and I won't let them out at night. The other pads I buy do a good job. These are too fluffy and the cats must be getting their nails stuck in them because I keep finding them balled up or in another part of the room like they dragged it. They didn't do that to the flatter, smoother pads. Also, I think the urine is seeping through because the cheap throw rugs I keep underneath the pads keep getting soaked. I have to wash them twice as often as I did before. I don't think I will be buying these again.
I didn't really find many problems with these pads.  As far as overall performance I would say that they are average.  I did a side by side comparison of these with the Off! brand pads that I normally use.  The main difference that I noted was absorbency.  The Pruven brand did not seem to absorb as quickly or as much as the off brand.  They were more awkward to dispose of because they tend to leak.  That was a huge minus for me because that makes for a very messy clean up.  They do not attract my dogs more than the other brand and the added cost of the Pruven brand does not make them a a worthwhile purchase.
The applicator is garbage. There is a plastic piece sticking off the top, I suppose to direct the liquid, but you can't get close to the dog's skin. Consequently, when I used it, most of the liquid ran over my dog's fur. Then he shook and it all went flying. I don't know how well the treatment works at killing fleas, since most of the product wound up all over my house.
It's early flea season in the South, where summers are often like "flea olympics."  Fleas are everywhere, and they chew on the dogs and every other furry animal like it's the last supper.  We have battled them since we relocated to the South, and one of our dogs isn't native to this area and suffers terribly with flea bites.Over the years, the standard F*brand of topical flea treatment has gone from good control to not very good control.  Using the oral (prescription only)brand of flea control seems to give better relief, but it also leaves me worrying about long term effects as well as the expense, especially with three dogs.  I thought I'd give this brand a try.First of all, the applicator wasn't a big bonus as far as I was concerned.  It's not just a case of break open the package and put the liquid on the dog's skin, there were directions to figure out for the strange looking gizmo.  I did avoid any contact from the liquid on my skin, which might be the purpose of the applicator.  Then came the test to see if she had relief from fleas and how long it lasted.There seems to be a decrease in the flea bites she was receiving.  She still has chewing sessions where she seems to be chasing a biting flea.  It's been a week, and I'm dubious about the chances of it lasting a full month.  We'll see?**UPDATE**After two weeks, the fleas are planning a jubilee.  There is no semblance of "control" in regards to the flea infestation.  We are going back to previous products to try and get them under control again before the dog starts chewing herself to the point of baldness and bleeding.  Keep in mind, we live in the South, had a mild winter, etc., so the fleas regard this region as Flea Heaven.  Even so, the dog that we used this product on has a more severe problem with the fleas than the other two dogs, and as a result, I'm not going to use this product again, at least during "flea season."  (March-November around here!)
I have 2 dogs both within the pound range of this product. We live near the woods and will take the dogs out for a walk. In the past I used the name brand flea and tick products and those seemed to work. I tried this as it was cheaper and I wanted to see if it would work. I'll say that there weren't as many ticks as I thought there would be afterwards, but there were still several we pulled off. This doesn't seem to be a 100% effective solution, at least for those people that live near the woods.
This is not a bad price, but it doesn't really work. I've never had good luck with the inexpensive flea products and unfortunately this is not an exception. If you want flea stuff that works, you need to pay the price.
I really disliked using the applicator with the flea medicine. Putting the medicine in the applicator makes it so the end of the medicine tube is lifted about a centimeter above the dog's skin surface and you can't get in closer. When the medicine drops from the tube end, it rarely lands on the spot you've cleared with the applicator tip onto the skin where you want it, and instead lands all over the fur on either side of the optimal position you are aiming for. The flea medicine stays oily on the surface of the hair instead of getting absorbed no matter how much you try to brush it in, and only comes off the dog when the dog has rubbed against enough surfaces (couch, floor, grass outside) to wipe it off their back. The medicine did not stay effective for the whole month (probably since most did not get absorbed into the dog's system) - I noticed scratching again in about two weeks. I absolutely recommend skipping the applicator and applying the old fashioned way sticking the end of a medication tube against the dog's skin yourself.
I thought this was a great concept and was so excited to receive this so that the nocturnal animals that I have living in my yard would stop feeding off my flowers at night.The initial concept with this company was great, but this is cheaply made and doesn't work well at all.The black stake broke about 2 seconds after I have put it into the gound, so there went that idea. Without the stake, the sprinkler system cannot stay up long enough to work.
At one bar for 20 pounds of dog this should have worked out to a 10 day supply, but after less than half a bag I can tell they do not work on my dog for anal gland expression -they give him the runs.  I have isolated these from other extras in his diet, but it is the same every time he has them, even after just one.  Firm stools work the glands; very very loose ones do not.  In fact, that contributes to the problem.  So while he actually loves the bars, they don't love him.  I'm sticking with canned, pure pumpkin.  It is much more effective, much cheaper, and much easier on my dog.  I was hopeful, because it would have been so much easier to give him these bars as treats to firm him up, but they just don't agree with him.
When I opened this bag the first thing I noticed was that these 'bars' are rock hard. One of my dogs is elderly, so I knew this would be an issue.I broke apart the bar into pieces and softened the bar with hot water. It was mixed together with the dogs' regular food.The younger dog tried the pieces but spit them out and left them beside his empty bowl. He is not a picky eater, so this surprised me.The elderly dog tried to eat the piece I gave him, but even softened the piece was too hard for his teeth.In conclusion, my dogs were unimpressed with the Scoot Bars. I will not be purchasing in the future.
My Chihuahua has been prone to the butt-scoots every once and a while, usually when he is have a hard to time evacuating his bowels.  I was hoping the Scoot-Bars would eliminate the scooting.  But the first time I gave him one, three bowel movements later and he was scooting away.  The next Scoot-Bar I gave him, the very next bowel movement he was scooting along the carpet.  He did not do any scooting after the next couple bars I gave him, but he still does scoot ever once in a while so I am not sure the product has much effect in stopping the butt scoot.  The package says that it supports proper stool consistency for anal gland health.  It does have an effect on his stool, it seems softer and a bit greener than usual.  On the bright side, sometime my dog, who is up there in age and missing more than a few teeth, had no problem eating the Scoot-Bars and enjoyed them a lot.
How many times have we heard you look at a bag of dog foods first ingredient.  That will tell you what type of dog food you are buying for your dogs.  The first ingredient "should be" chicken, beef, or fish.  The first ingredient of Instinct raw boost is chicken meal.  To me that says it all.  It is not a good choice for my dogs as I always purchase a dog food by the rule that most dog professionals tell you.  LOOK AT THE FIRST INGREDIENT.  Also, the freeze dried raw pieces are far and few between the Kibble.  At $16.00 a bag for chicken meal, I won't be buying this product.  You can get the same type of dog food on your grocery shelves, like Alpo or Pedigree, not what most Veterinarians consider good quality dog food.
First Impression:Pricey for What you Get, which is essentially a plastic tray covered with AstroTurf that drains to a smaller, internal plastic catch bin (10"L x 10"W x 3/4"D interior).For clean up, you have to clean the AstroTurf, the larger drain tray & the catch bin.  You are going to get your hands dirty.And then there is the training.  I wanted my older, female dogs to use the system (even tried putting a potty pad on the Astroturf).  They were a no-go even though they pee daily on outside grass.  On the other hand, my male dog had no issues with the system - he snuck into the room twice, lifted his leg made a mess.So, given the limitations of the system (1) made for small, female dogs or puppies that don't yet lift legs, (2) the clean-up factor, and (3) the price, I am not impressed with the system.  It is easier and cheaper to stick with potty pads & doggie diapers.
So this has become a lackluster piece of scenery around my home. My dachsund, Dobey, who just turned 6 this month, has been paper-trained and potty-trained since a pup. He goes on paper when we aren't home or at night if we're asleep. So after he didn't understant this or my attempts to put it in his potty "spots", I even put his papers on it.  Nope.  He's like "huh?" He just won't go on it at all.  At one point I had to take it out of my daughter's room where she was using the pee-collection drawer (never used, mind you), as a secret hiding drawer for her jewelry, lol. I have tried for months with a no-go.  I think perhaps this might work best on a puppy if you start training him/her right away from day one, but not my dog.  Not recommended by me.  Too much money for the average buyer (mine was free, but even if my dog did use it I think paper would still be easier).  Also, as I said you would probably have to start with a puppy to get them used to it, and that's quite a step up/down for a little pup, so paper training would still be easier and cheaper imho.  Not recommended.  The concept is a good one though which is why I definitly was eager to try this.
The Pet Park is sturdily made, of three easily hosed down pieces: a grassy mat, a frame for the mat, and a sliding tray to collect any dog urine the park attracts.PROS:The little lawn is really pretty. The plastic grass has a good texture, is smooth and soft; it's even a bit luxurious.CONS:My dog uses the pretty little grassy lawn to sleep on.Since the pet park is ostensibly set up for my pet to do his urinary business, I would appreciate him peeing on it. He already has other places to nap. :-)I did pour water into the grass to see how the unit worked. The liquid seeps into the plastic middle level, which is angled with a hole to direct pee into the bottom tray. The tray is not very big. This is clearly not intended for many sequential uses.When I pulled the laden tray, I had to move carefully to dump the fluids without spilling any. I also found the middle layer would retain some liquid, and that it would drain out after I removed the bottom tray. So there is a learning curve to not get peepee on the floor at all.Dealing with pet poop is simpler. The dog is supposed to poop on the grass mat, which you can pick up later with a baggie for disposal. I am sure if it occured to my dog to poop on this, that would be great.Not all dogs understand about grass, because not everyone HAS grass for their dog. Some city dogs eliminate on sidewalks. Some peoples' yards, like here in the desert, are of gravel or xeriscaped flora.To entice my dog into peeing on this mat, I imagine needing some sort of marking scent to spray on it. I would have to do some research to find such a thing. I know wee wee pads come impregnated with it. Or I could embark on a new potty training program.And for leg lifting dogs, could a post of some sort be jerry-rigged? This all seems like a lot of effort for a product that intends to make my life simpler.For dogs that are used to squatting in the grass, I think it's worth giving this pet park a shot. Keep in mind that the pee catching tray is rather small, and that not all of the urine might make it down to that level without jiggling the park around first.
I really like the concept of the PetZoom Pet Park Deluxe system.  It would be especially good for heavy pee-ers.  However, heavier dogs may not be comfortable stepping onto the plastic system.  My dog is about 18 pounds, and she jumped off of it because of the noise and shifting that her weight caused.  For smaller dogs, I think the regular pee pads you can find are much better.  I have found a brand that doesn't leak for my 18 pound dog, so I would assume that smaller dogs would be fine with a pad.  It may be a pain to have to throw away the pads and keep purchasing them, but I will continue to do so since my dog is afraid of the system.  She does have some unusual fears, so it could just be her.  My friend's poodle doesn't like to go out when it is really cold, so I may see if she wounld want to try it out.
In all honestly I probably would not buy these again. The dogs ate them but I could tell they weren't really enjoying them that much. They were really hard and my little ones prefer something a little softer. It may do something for their teeth but did nothing for their breath. Frankly there are better oral hygiene treats out there.
I feel a little silly admitting I got injured why giving my dogs treat (and it did not even involve them biting a finger while trying to get the treat), but there I was putting Neosporin and a band-aid after giving them the Dentastix.  The problem is they came stuck together in two rows, I have been a regular Dentastix user for a couple years now and this was the first time they came connected.  And when I went to break them apart, which takes some muscle one of the sharp edges left a cut on my thumb about a half an inch wide.My clumsiness asides, the new "Fresh" is slightly bigger than other Dentastix I have used in the past, but both my dogs loved the new flavor just the same.  It did take my Chihuahua, who is an older dog who has had a few teeth pulled, a bit longer to finish.  I did look at the fine print and it said the treat is "Not suitable for puppies and dogs under 10 lbs." while my Chihuahua is about nine lbs even though the label on the front says it is for small / medium dog.  So I am not sure what Pedigree qualifies as a "small" dog.  So I will feed the rest of these to my other dog who is well over the weight limit because they do a good job freshening her breath, even after just one Dentastix.  I just wish the label was not contradictory or cut me open when trying to break them apart.
My dog LOVEs these brands of supplements.  They are soft and apparently, yummy.Each one is individually packaged--there is a tray with several in it but you can pull the sealing wrapper back on just one at a time.  This means that they all stay fresh until they are used.I didn't notice a difference in my dogs skin or coat.  Since it is winter, he has a little &#34;dandruff&#34;, but it didn't go away.The other thing reason I am giving it such low stars is that it would be very expensive to give this to most dogs.  The dosage is:under 30 lb - 1/2 soft chew daily30-59 lb - 1 soft chew daily60-99 lb - 2 soft chews daily100 lbs and over - 3 soft chews dailyI only tried this with my toy poodle because of the dosing.  I have a german shepherd as well--but since I didn't see results for the poodle, I am not going to buy more to see if it works on him because he would need 2 packages a month so it isn't practical.
My dog will not eat this or any of the Novi Pet supplements that we received. He will carry them and drop them on the floor and then turn up his nose at them. My dog won't eat any of the supplements that this brand has.
My dog loved this brand of vitamins and this particular vitamin was no exception.I can not say whether or not this would provide any healthy benefits.  I didn't see any--but that is to be expected with a multi vitamin.What I didn't like was that you had to refrigerate.  AND the serving size/cost per month was impractical.I have a toy poodle so he only needed 1/2 soft chew a day.  I easily split the chew.  But, I also have a german shepherd and had i given it to him, he would have needed 2 soft chews a day (he is 80 lbs)---which is around 24 dollars a month----not really very practical in my opinion.
I have 2 Chihuahua's.  One is 14, has no teeth and is a very picky eater.  They only treat type of things she'll eat are the junk ones that are soft and basically have no nutritional value.  I thought since these were soft and if I cut them up she may give them a try.  She refused but this wasn't surprising.My other Chihuahua is 5 and will pretty much eat anything.  I cut these up for her as well, usually into about 4 pieces.  She usually walks away but the curiosity will bring her back of several minutes and she eat a piece or 2 and be done.  It's very obvious that she doesn't care for these.I'm constantly worried about their joints since they jump on and off our couches and beds many times a day.  Their legs are so little so I think they would've benefited greatly from some Joint Support but they just don't want to take these.To be honest, I've tried several of these NoviPet Chewable Tablets and they don't care for any of them.I'd recommend at least giving them a try because it appears that most dogs like these, mine just don't.  If they do, I'm sure they'd be very beneficial.
Of four of my cats only two eat canned food regularly and one nibbles canned food when the mood strikes him.  My fourth cat never touches any canned food.  Therfore, the two that eat the canned food regularly liked this.  They immediately ate some and although they did not finish all the food, I can tell they liked it enough. (PS It is not too unusual for me to find canned food left behind no matter what the variety.) Right now they've had it a couple of nights in a row. The one that periodically nibbles canned food did not touch it.What I like about this food is that it does not stink. Many canned foods smell up a house the minute they are opened, such as theMeow Mix, Surf 'N Turf Variety Pack, 2.75-Ounce Cups (Pack of 48). This one's smell is barely detectable to me.The label also indicates this food meets the cats nutritional needs.The first five ingredients are Chicken, Turkey, Chicken Broth, Chicken Liver, Ground Flaxseeds, etc. The peas, which are the 8th ingredient in the list, are noticeable but the last 8 ingredients in the mixture (artichokes, cranberries, pumpkin, tomato, blueberries, broccoli, cabbage, kale, parsley) were not visible. Perhaps they were blended in. There are also various vitamins and supplements in the mixture as well as the necessary taurine.Overall, my regular canned-food-eating cats liked this and I believe the ingredients are healthy enough for them.  I would consider purchasing this or another flavor for them if I wanted to introduce some diversity in their diet besides their usualFriskies Savory Shreds Cat Food Variety Pack, 8.25-Poundor other Friskies canned food they are use to.UPDATE November 7 - My cats who were eating this no longer seem to like this food as much. I then decided to bring the remaining 6 cans of the 24 I received to my friend's who runs an animal organization.  Only one of the three cats ate part of this cat food and then the rest was left behind.  What I found is that the 6 "can-food eating" cats that I introduced this to seem to attack this with gusto when first offered.  However, after the first few bites or dinners of this their appetite for this food waned to a point where they barely want to touch it. Therefore, I lowered this from four stars to two. None of the cats 6 cats I introduced this to ate this food completely.  I woud have expected that at least the 3 rescue cats would have eaten it up but they only tried it. On the nutrition and lack of smell front, I think this food is a five-start product, but if you can barely get a cat to eat it, then that does not matter much.  Perhaps those cats that are not spoiled with more palatable food would love it.
I guess dogs are more like us than I realized.  Just as there is no "magic pill" for us to take to shed unwanted pounds, the same is true for Fido as well.My little dog tried these, and while she LOVED the taste, they did not help whittle her waist one little bit.  She has been eating diet small breed kibble and diet canned food for as long as we've had her.  She also goes for a long walk almost every day.  But still, she has a tendency to put on a few pounds whenever I have surgery and her walks get cut short.  I thought these might help keep her weight in check during my most recent surgery, or at least help keep her appetite in check (she's always "jonesing" for treats).  They did nothing, nothing at all.So, if you want to keep Fido fit and trim save your money and grab a leash instead.
One of my chihuahuas is pretty pudgy. He lost some weight when we switched him to Sojos dog food, but the weight loss eventually tapered off and he's still a little larger than he should be. I started giving him the K9 Slim Down chews about 3 weeks ago, following the directions on the package. I weighed him before we began so I could chart his progress. I continued to give him the same amount of dog food so that I could see if the chews helped decrease his appetite. Unfortunately, they seemed to have no effect on him. He ate the same amount of food as before, and his weight did not change at all. The product seems to work for other dogs, but apparently it doesn't work for all.
These chews are sold as a weight-loss supplement for dogs - not a treat. The directions say to give your dog one, two or three chews (depending upon the size of your dog) 10 minutes before each meal. They are supposed to promote weight loss by blocking metabolism of carbohydrates.The active ingredient is Phaseolus vulgaris extract, which comes from several different kinds of common beans. There was one study done that claimed to get the kind of results touted by Pet Naturals of Vermont, but further studies have been unable to replicate those results and indicate no weight loss difference between the subjects who received the extract and the ones who received the placebo.Google Phaseolus vulgaris extract and you can read it for yourself.So will this supplement work to help your dog slim down? I can't say for sure whether it will or won't but current research is far from conclusive. So far, my dog hasn't lost any weight and I don't have high hopes that she will.My dog does seem to like the taste of these chews, but they are too expensive to be used as simply a treat my dog likes.
Well, I haven't tasted this myself, of course, so I can only judge by my cats' reaction to it. It seems that this food is just "ok" and tolerable.Every night, 2 of my cats wait patiently in the kitchen for their canned food. (Our 3rd cat does not/will not eat can food at all.) These Fancy Feast cans are a bit smaller than 9Lives or Friskies, etc. I split a can into 2 small bowls for the cats. They usually clear the bowls and if one cat happens to leave anything behind, the other will go clean it up. With this Fancy Feast Chicken Feast, neither cat clears the bowl. There is always some left over.One cat is 11 years old and can be picky, but the other cat is only a little over a year old and will eat anything in sight. She eats constantly, to the point where I have to limit her. The fact that neither cat cleans the bowl, tells me that this food isn't very tasty.This food is the solid kind that you have to break up or mush. It does not have the little chunks of meat in it and there is barely any juice/gravy.The cats have tolerated it well as far as digestion. There were no problems there and no messy litter box, but they just don't seem to like the taste very much.
My dog ate the firstVetri-Science Laboratories Perio Plus Dental Stix Health Care Supplies for Dogswhich I easily broke into two for a daily supplement and watched her consume.  Taking only a minute to chew, she experienced no ill effects in her sensitive digestive system.  I have seen no true benefit in her periodontal condition since she's been eating these, but then again, I just discovered that she has not been eating these after all.  I thought she'd been happily munching them, however I just found a few stashed in a corner where she has apparently been putting them instead of eating them.  Thinking about it, I realized that the one I gave her a few days ago has been pushed around on the carpet, broken into threes lengthwise, and not consumed.I brush her teeth and instill a dental enzymatic gel daily into her mouth to remove and prevent calcifications on her teeth.  She did have substantial dental tartar when I adopted her five months ago, but that had already greatly improved prior to receiving this product.  At more than a dollar for each stick, I can't give these a five star review.  The bag I received doesn't reseal, so it's necessary to keep these in another container.  For  quality ingredients which are topped off by anise oil, it's worth three stars, but because the bag doesn't seal, they are expensive and more importantly my dog won't chew them, I can only give it two stars for the ingredient list.  I see no reference as to where these were manufactured and therefore hesitate to recommend the product.
Our Peaches is not a picky eater, but she seemed to have a so-so attitude toward this sample. We did a side-by-side comparison. We offered her both this and her normal wet food (Newman's Own Organics Canned Chicken & Brown Rice Formula) - she ate all of the Newman's, sniffed the Sheba's - took a bath...napped - then finally sometime later ate the Sheba's.
My old cats ate it, but it is hard to tell if they ate it because they were hungry or they liked it since I only received one can.  To review this product it will take more than one can.  Also, try as I might I could not find out where it was made.  I prefer pet food made in the USA.  In addition, I am not too keen on the meat and poultry by-products in this cat food.
It is hard to review this item as I was only sent a single 3oz can. So I cannot say if the quality, freshness or amount in each can is consistent from can to can. And since the item is not currently stocked, I don't know what Amazon.com's price is. In other stores this cat food sells for 55cents per can on average, which is about twice what a 5.5oz can of 9Lives or Friskies sells for.As to the question, "Do my cats like it?", well no. Two adult cats sniffed it and walked away to 9Lives. Two kittens did eat it all, probably the first time the others didn't push them out of the way. I don't know if they just were not hungry or didn't like it. Having more than one 3oz can would make it easier to determine, but for this review I can only make do with what they sent me.
I'm not impressed by this bag. I like the concept of having a bag that's integrated with a leash to make dog walking a bit easier (at least in terms of organization). But in actual practice, this bag fell short on a couple of key points.First of all it's very small. While the manufacturer boasts of being able to carry treats and other such items for your dog in the bag, that's true only for the smallest of items. A rope chew or even a decent size ball is a tight squeeze. You can get it in there, but it's not an easy fit.The size also limits the ability to carry used dropping bags if your dog is anything other than in the small or very small category. Anything larger, and it's like trying to fit a quart of water into a pint container - you won't be happy with the result.If the bag is full with dog supplies it makes it very difficult to use the pouches for a cell phone. Even when empty, the cell phone pouch is very shallow, and does not hold my phone securely enough for my taste.I was also not impressed with the build quality given the price. The velcro did not hold very well, and the front snap kept popping open. The overall material of the bag is decent but rather lightweight.The reflection tape is a very welcome touch, but it should be a lot bigger. The tape is very small - it should extend across the full front and back of the bag to be effective at night.If you have a small dog this might be worth a look. But it remains pricy for what you actually get. If you have a medium or large-size dog, don't bother.
Loved the idea of this and so did spouse but the actual use of the product leaves a lot to be desired. Frankly, it's purely a practice in poor design.For example, as a female user, the belt loop is absurd. I don't own a belt of that size nor is the size of this organizer able to be properly positioned on any belt that I do own...or even my waste. It's just too big. Also, I rarely use a belt so there goes the entire hands-free portion.On the other hand, it would fit an average sized mens belt BUT, it won't fit their hands. My spouse had no trouble fitting this on the belt look but literally found the fit for hands/other cumbersome due to the small sized compartments etc...So, setting aside the fit issues for a moment, this also is of little value for anything other than a small...very small...dog. I'll leave it at that. My dogs are big...they tug at times, tend to pull here or there, their treats are bigs, their doggy bags are big and the rest is big. This organizer won't stand up to pulling or normal "dog behavior" especially for bigger dogs...as for the rest, forget it.Last but not least, it doesn't feel all that well made and tends to slide around.Bottom line - great idea, something that is much needed but very poor design limits the usefulness of this product.
I was excited to get this item!  However, it leaves a lot to be desired.  Firstly, it seems rather cheaply made considering what you paid for it.  Also, the pocket to put your cell phone in is hardly secure, and my phone with the case on didn't even fit right!  The velcro strap wasn't doing its job.Next, I couldn't get my dog's flexi-leash in it.  She's a large dog, maybe about 70lbs, not an extra big dog or anything (lab mix).  So I don't get how they can advertise it fits "most" leashes - it doesn't.It didn't keep the two things I most wanted to carry in it, so I won't be using it again.  Though if perhaps they make a better design, and a more versatile/secure place to put your phone, I would give it another try.But for what you get when you pay over twenty dollars, you're getting screwed.  Look for another alternative.
I've had this for a couple weeks now and i cant say i recommend it. Its a confusing product to learn, isnt easy to use, and is pretty limited in terms of space. If you still are interested in it, I do my best in the following to explain how it works and the issues.Firstly, if you dont use an retractable leash for you dog this definitely isnt for you. In this organizer you put the leash in the middle and wrap the velcro handles around it so the end result is the handle sticking out of the bag for you to hold. I dont use a retactable leash so i have to attach the velcro handles around my belt and doing that everytime is a hassle.Now that i tried to explain about that ,let me go through the usage:(1) the flap at the front is hard to open and requires 2 hands.(2) now once you manage to open the flap you are presented with just 4 slots. 2 on the left are really small and im not quite sure what useful thing can go in there. The middle slot is the biggest and for your phone; this one fit perfectly for my samsung galaxy s2. it also has an additional velcro handle to further secure your phone is place. the last slot is for the poop bags , with a slit in the middle to easily draw them out. but once again its pretty small, dont expect to have more than ~3 at one time.(3)behind the slots is the middle portion of the bag where you attach the retractable leash. you can also squeeze some extra stuff under this because there is access to that middle portion after you open the flap at the front.
The package said all the right things that you would want in a treat to help cats that have hairball issues.  The chewy pieces smelled like you would think a cat would want them to smell, but the pieces were a bit big (not massive, but about 3/4 of an inch long, in the shape of a fish).  The pieces are made of a consistent semi soft composite - they are not filled with something softer or gooey in the middle.  I thought they would be softer, but they looked ok to me!The issue with these: our cats didn't want them.  We have two 15 pound indoor tabby cats; one a short hair, one a long hair cat - and the long hair cat has a hairball about every other day.They each tried a few of these, but it was not like they wanted them, so they weren't treats or special to our cats.  And, since they didn't really eat them, the product really didn't work for us.
I was hoping these would be a good option to help my older cat stay healthy. They have a lot of great ingredients that should be helpful.But evil kitty is not having it. She not only will not eat them, but if you hide them or try to mix them in something she will pick them out and return them. I even tried putting them in the dogs bowl since the joy of her life is stealing his food. But she  sniffed and left it. It was so bad that she left it for her worst enemy.I am sure these are great. They have great ingredients. They just don't work if Her Highness will not eat them.
To start off my cat can be a very picky eater depending on the day and his mood just like humans-I know you cat lovers will know what I am talking about. So the first time that I gave it to him he ate it. Then the next day he sniffed it and would not eat it. So I threw that out and tried again over the next several days and that crazy cat would not touch them again. The one thing that I liked was the smell of the chews did not smell bad like alot of them do. Like you want to wash your hands right after.
My cats barely eat this.  I mixed it with their old food and they eat around this.  Finally, they ate some of it but they don't like it. It does have good ingredients, it's pricey even for grain free food though. The biggest problem is the smell is terrible! It made my whole cupboard stink. It has a very strong fishy odor.  It's not out of date or anything so it's not spoiled,  but I seriously wouldn't buy this again even if my cats loved it because of the smell.  There are better options out there for the price.  I got the dog food from this company and my cats actually love that, but can't chew it.  This flavor is just no good, but the food and company itself seems solid, if pricey.
Well there is no question that this is excellent cat food nutritionally speaking.  Comparing it to the ingredients in something like Meow Mix brings about quite the separation of ordinary commercial blends and something like this that takes it all very seriously. Unfortunately all that work, research, and quality that the bag talks about has not translated into something that merely taste good.  Not to my cat or others I have offered it too anyway.  My own cat that is going on 22 now tried a few morsels and then just walked away.  And the couple of neighborhood cats that come around occasionally for a free meal ate a little more of it but have since taken to looking at me with a disagreeable look on their face.  I've tried it several times and just cannot get them interested in it. (And mixing it in with my cats regular meal has also proven to be a failure as well.  She just eats around it).  I think I will feed the rest of what I have to the raccoons and possums that prowl around my yard at night who I am sure will be far less particular.  I would have really liked to have seen my elderly cat chow down on this stuff for I believe its much better for her than the regular store bought mixes she loves.  And I have given this brand an extra star for their efforts.  But unfortunately I cannot recommend it with the high price it carries, and more importantly with it not appealing to the number of cats I tried it with... : )
This cat food has a strong fishy smell that is not pleasant to my nose. However, the food attracted two of my four cats who ate some as soon as I put it out.  The other two cats have not touched it.The first five ingredients are salmon meal, menhaden fish meal, herring meal, tapioca, chicken fat, etc.  I'm not sure how good that is nutritionally but according to the bag, it is "complete and balanced for all life stages and all breeds." The guaranteed analysis states there's a minumum of 40% crude protein and 15% crude fat and a maximum 4% crude fiber and 8% moisture.  It is also grain-free ad gluten-free nutrition and claims it will help my "cat maintain an ideal weight."Personally I would not purchase this because of the smell even if my cats did like it. However, only two of my cats ate some although I suspect the other two will eventually eat it if it's all I put out.UPDATE: October 28, 2013 - My cats are barely eating this food.  Seems like they don't like it much and although I tried mixing it with their other food, they are eating sparingly because this is in the bowl.UPDATE: November 3, 2013 - One of my cats has started throwing up this food daily even after trying to dilute it with her other food. It seems this food does not agree with my older cat even though she was one of the first ones to eat it. I gave it to my friend to try on her rescue cats (she runs a rescue organization) and her response to me was "My cats don't like that cat food either!!!"  Therefore, the rest of this food is going to be thrown to the wildlife.
these look well made but my cat won't eat them.  she loves Whiskas Temptations, but totally ignore these.  my dog likes them though.
Advertising that these bites are "tiny" is very misleading.  Yeah, call them "tiny" if you are feeding them to a labrador-size animal, but our three cats won't tackle anything this large.  (Insect-crunchy, or still warm, squishy and moving, well, that's a different story.)  Our cats are used to Temptation treats.  These daisy-shaped bites are about  11/16", just short of 3/4".  They took a few sniffs and a few licks, then walked away.  Our most adventurous eater took it into her mouth, worked it around for a few moments, then dropped it.Maybe it's the size, maybe it is the cinnamon smell (almost smells like a graham cracker to me), but they won't chew it.  So what's the point?  If they won't chew it, there's no way it will benefit them.If you can say your cat eats almost everything, then these perio bites would be worth a try.  But if you know you have picky eaters, I would suggest you don't waste your money.
I look at two factors when evaluating pet food: 1) ingredient list/nutrition and 2) how well the animal enjoys it.For the ingredient list, I like to see meat as the first 2-3 ingredients and no corn, wheat or soy anywhere.  Chicken is the first ingredient listed in the Pro Plan, (good) but cornmeal is the second (definitely bad).  So - the ingredients list leaves a little to be desired even if meat is the first ingredient listed.Second is how well the dogs like it.  When I first opened the bag, I was overpowered by its smell, because it smells VERY fishy.  The smell is so fishy that I examined the bag immediately, thinking I must have been mistaken about it being chicken flavored but, unless the wrong kibble was put in this bag it is a chicken flavored dog food that smells like it was doused in cod liver oil.  My first thought at that point was the dogs would go ape over it because of the smell.  (It smells pretty good if you like fish.)  I free feed my dogs so I put in the 4 cups they usually go through in 24 hours and was surprised next morning to find that most of it was still there.  I added another cup and next morning&#8230;..same thing - they had barely touched it.  After 3-4 days, I finally checked their bowl to find it empty so I put 4 more cups in but by the morning after that, we were back to only a little being eaten.I considered the factor that with some high quality foods, dogs will actually eat less of it because their nutritional needs are satisfied with less.  I don't think that's what is going on here.  I think either the dogs are put off by the strong fishy odor or they just don't like the taste of it that well, and that is why they are not eating more of it.I will let them finish the bag but as we are now &#8532; through it, I don't think I'm going to see much difference in their enjoyment of the food, so it is quite unlikely I will be purchasing another.
One of my male cats has started peeing on the floor rather than in his litter box (litter box and litter box materials have not changed).I tried this Feliway comfort zone diffuser and it did nothing to stop the floor peeing. In fact, the pee spots got closer to the diffuser.  It has been about 3 weeks since the diffuser was first plugged in & there has been no change in behavior.  Sadly, for me, the Feliway is not a solution to my kitty problem.(I also put his most feared thing in the room - vacuum cleaner - but it was not a deterrent either.  It would be a deterrent if I left it running, but that is neither an efficient nor long-term solution).
I've got a cat that we think is just seriously mentally ill.  She's very possessive of me and keeps urinating ON me, or in my chair, my shoes.  Always ME. This behavior has happened in the past and we know it's a territorial issue when new animals are around.  I gave her some calming cat treats in the past and they helped a lot.  When she isn't peeing on me, she demands just CONSTANT attention.  She's just SO needy.This is easy enough to use, just plug it in.  I can tell that she seems to be sleeping a bit more, and she's not 'singing the song of her people' if I am not paying attention to her at all hours of the night, but that's it.  If I get in the bathtub she gets in WITH me- none of the needy, territorial behaviors are gone..  The liter box issues have not stopped though I've put down extra ones and her old one is kept clean.The kitty calming treats work a lot better for her so I am going back to those until she accepts the new kitty one day.  This thing is about empty and I am not seeing enough benefit at all to keep it or buy refills.It is nice that I got a $5.00 coupon for refills in the box.  This stuff is expensive.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that's easily startled by loud noises.  Panic and anxiety can set in from something as simple as a slamming car door, garbage can lid or hammer.  To make matters worse we live along busy four lane freight train tracks in a major city.  Needless to say my dog can suffer from some pretty high anxiety which makes walking no fun at all.  When an attack happens there's literally nothing you can do to calm him down or gain control, he simply wants to run.  I'v never tried any sort of calming aid before and he can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I generally have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on NoviPet Calming Aid for Dogs;Pros+ Soft and easily chewable, great for older dogs.+ My dog loved them as if they were a treat.+ Ingredients weren't terribly questionable.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of &#34;Dogs 60-99 lbs should receive 2 soft chews daily.&#34;  With a list price of $11.99 these would cost me $24 a month.- Packaging is slightly inconvenient and individual tablets are in non-perforated plastic sealed by a single plastic sheet.  A minor gripe but I felt it was worth mentioning and you'll be using a scissors if you want to divide the pieces up.- Some confusion on storing these supplements.  The packaging say refrigerate before serving but we're just keeping them out.  Also, I doubt they were refrigerated in Amazon's warehouse or on the trucks when being delivered.- Had no noticeable effect on my dog after 2 weeks of use.My dog really seemed to enjoy NoviPet Calming Aid for Dogs but unfortunately they seemed to have no noticeable effect.  Therefore, I obviously can't justify adding them to him daily mix of treats.  Overall these supplements seemed healthy compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis.  However, if you have an older dog suffering from anxiety and hard supplements are something they can't chew then NoviPet Calming Aid for Dogs might be worth a shot.  Just know that your results may vary.
I gave this to my Bernese Mountain Dog and it didn&#8217;t seem to calm him down at all. I also tried it on my crazy Beagle to the same non-effect. They did enjoy the flavor, but then I&#8217;ve seen my Berner eat a potholder.
My loveable mutt, Pooper, is 1/2 German Shepard, 1/4 Boxer and 1/4 Cocker Spaniel. He has a wonderful appetite and he eats nearly anything he gets his mouth on. He gets separation anxiety and I was hoping that these would work to calm him down a bit. Unfortunately, Pooper will not eat these, he will take them and then drop them right on the floor and not give them a second look- which really surprised me since he will eat anything.If your dog will eat these, they might work great, but, my dog won't eat them for anything.
I have a toy poodle that has issues with riding in the car and separation anxiety.  He loved to eat this....but I didn't see any calming effects on him.I don't know if it would be effective on other dogs or not.  For us, it became an expensive &#34;treat&#34;.  But he loved it so he would vote to keep getting it.
I have a 5 year old Chihuahua that goes nuts when we sweep.  She also get really scared when it storms and when there are fireworks.  We thought these would be great to try.  Unfortunately she doesn't like them well enough to eat most of the time.  At her weight she only needs half a chew and we cut that in half for her.  Sometimes she'll eat one of those pieces.  Other times she won't touch them at all.The couple times that we've actually got her to eat most of it, we didn't notice any results.This dog isn't very picky but for whatever reason she doesn't care for any of the NoviPet Chewable Tablets that we've tried.I'm sure this may work for some dogs and some may not have a problem eating them so I would recommend at least trying them but unfortunately these aren't something we'll be using again.
My cats didn't take to these treats. Two of the three refused to even taste it after giving them a couple of sniffs; the third one took a bite and then left the rest on the floor.Of course, every cat has different likes and dislikes when it comes to treats (or food, for that matter) so these may be worth a shot to see if your cat likes them. I'll give this 2 stars since the ingredient list is appealing, but on a cat-appeal basis in my household they rank a zero.
Has the ingredients changed?  IAMS used to be THE brand for dogs, even my vet sold it. Now it's become mainstream and I sincerely think they've downgraded the contents.First, they recommend it for preventing bad breath.  Okay, no one likes doggy breath. BUT, if it causes them super bad gas and doggy farts that make your eyes water, doggy halitosis doesn't seem to be so bad.  Our dogs eat this and clear the room as we run for our lives.Not made in China, which is good, and the ingredients seem legit.  Antioxidants and vitamins for heart health are promised.  But something in this doesn't agree with my two dogs, and I've adjusted both the time they eat and the quantity.
My dogs are not thrilled about this brand of dog food.  Usually they devour their food bowls, I actually mixed this with their regular dog food in order for them to eat it.  They haven't had any side effects and what has come out of them has been normal.  They just don't seem to like the flavor.
as we opened the box, unsealed the bag and she got a whiff of thePetSafe indigo Fresh Floss Bones, Smallin the Medium size.  Because she's a small dog, I cut one in half and presented her with one.  She didn't move for forty minutes while she gnawed at and eventually devoured her first half of a bone.  Zhaba is a Shih Tzu with a very sensitive stomach who receives Trader Joe's frozen green beans as treats directly from the freezer.  She eats them as if she were munching on a T-bone steak.  She gets few other snacks of any kind, so receiving this bone was special.  As with any chewy bone or treat, we always watch her to be alerted with any choking hazard.  This bone was large enough, even when cut in half, for her to hold on to with ease, and it softened as she gnawed and salivated.  There were no stains left behind and no mess on her fur.  Additionally, she had no problem digesting this bone and it moved through her with a minimal change to her deposits on the lawn (color difference only).  SEE UPDATE PLEASE!  Because of her sensitive digestive system, she will be receiving these no more than 3 times a week, regardless of the recommended daily amount.  I actually like the larger size cut in half and will purchase these again.UPDATE:  I had to reduce my rating to two stars from five because poor little Zhaba has puked up every half bone (2 times) she's eaten since the first.  She was a bit constipate after the first half, but relieved herself in the afternoon rather than the morning, so I wasn't concerned at the time I wrote the initial review.  Since that time, she has become sick a few hours after eating the bone and fortunately, each time the vomiting has been outside.  I will not be purchasing these again and will not recommend them for dogs with sensitive stomachs regardless of the no-grain formulation.  I will discard the remaining bones from this bag.
These bones are listed to be for dogs 25 pounds to 60 (granted that is on the front, the back says it is for dogs 5 pounds, 6 months old and up) and my dog is right at that minimum threshold so I thought my dog would like them and I like anything that helps giving her cleaner teeth.  When I gave it to get, she attacked it like she does most bones and went to town.  After a couple minutes, I noticed her coughing and pacing around like she was trying to throw up.  She eventually did throw up a slimy mess.  I noticed when cleaning up there was a large chuck of the bone in the puke about the size of one of the ends.  These bones are clearly not for her or for any dog prone to swallowing before something is fully chewed.  For the rest of them I cut off the ends and then cut the ends in two (which was not easy) and my dog was able to digest them better this way without chocking on them.
Wandrdog is attracted to  the smell of these Chicken/Blueberry Floss Bones. She has big, impressive teeth and loves to gnaw on rawhide bones and rolls. A 5&#34; rawhide bone lasts for several days and gives hours and hours of blissful gnawing pleasure. Although the medium sized Fresh Floss bone is recommended for dogs 25-60 lbs, I gave one to the 25 lb Wandrdog thinking it would be comparable to a 5&#34; rawhide bone. This was not the case.It took Wandrdog no more than 10 minutes to completely consume. In fact, I was so surprised that she had returned so quickly without the bone, I went looking to see where she had hidden it. She hadn't hidden it, she had gulped it down quickly like a pretzel while sitting on the bed. Blobs of chicken/blueberry/dog saliva were stuck to the blanket.  I saw no evidence of clean teeth or fresh breath in my dog, just a badly stained and not very pleasant smelling (to humans) blanket that had to be washed.Several days later, with my husband as a witness, I gave Wandrdog another Fresh Floss bone. This time, she was not allowed to sit on anything and had to stay in the kitchen while we watched. She quickly broke the bone up into tiny pieces and consumed it as if it were popcorn. It took all of 5 minutes. She then proceeded to lap up a full bowl of water. There didn't seem to be much value to the teeth, gums or breath. It was just something for her to eat.A few hours later, there was a sudden bout of diarreah and more extreme water drinking. She then napped for a few hours.I honestly don't see the value of this product.
I have three dogs, all under 15 pounds. They all love these treats, as far as flavor goes. The pieces are relatively small, an inch or so squared, and have a leathery texture. The texture is the problem. They aren't so much chewy as hard and maybe a bit brittle. Two of my dogs choked on them immediately. They both finally coughed the pieces up, which at that point were more like shards. Part of the choking seemed to be swallowing too quickly in their eagerness for the taste. They reacted more like I was giving them a piece of steak than a chewy treat. My third dog, a 13-pound mixed breed, did a little better with them. He chewed more, but still choked when he swallowed.I tried these treats twice with the same reaction. I noticed at least one reviewer suggested these need to be larger to force the dogs to chew more. I don't think that will help, at least not with my dogs. Even when my one dog chewed it well, the pieces didn't dissolve or seem digestible. The treats turn more into sharp shards with chewing. The texture is just too leathery. I threw the rest of these away, because I'm just not comfortable with my dogs' reactions.
I just finished putting this on the wooden door to the patio that the dogs like to jump at and scratch to let me know they want back inside instead of barking like normal dogs.  This film was difficult for me to apply and I ended up with several severe creases and bubbles.  It absolutely will NOT stick if you try to bend it around the molding surrounding a window.  I ended up having to cut that portion of the film off and throw it away.  I have applied a LOT of plastic film to all the windows in my house and got rather good at it, but I just could not get this stuff to lay even.  I suppose if you took it in many smaller lengths it would go on much better, but then the dog's toenails would grab the edge and it would rip off.  I wanted to apply it in lengths that matched our two chihuahua sized dogs jump length.And you will probably need a LOT more than what is in this one short roll.  I could have used about 2 more rolls.  I will let the dogs jump on the door later today and report back.  Unfortunately, I am under a time limit to get this review done.  I will check the film after a few weeks of jumping and update this review as to how well the film held up.
If you imagine extra wide, extra thick, not-so-sticky packing tape, that's Pruven Pet Scratch Protection Film. It's supposed to protect trim on doors. I used it on the French doors in my office. My dog sometimes sees delivery men and tries to attack, thereby scratching at the window and trim.I wiped the trim clean, as directed. I tested with a small piece of film. All was fine, so I applied all around. It wasn't difficult to get the film to adhere at first. It's supposed to come with some sort of card, which I did not see. I just used any old card to press the bubbles out. It's clear, I'd say nearly invisible on the trim itself, but I can see it on the flat part of the door. I contemplated cutting that section off with a utility knife but didn't.A few days later, I came back to look at my handiwork and found the film peeling off. Apparently, it has difficulty maintaining the bend around a trim. It's doing fine on the flat part of the door, but trims aren't flat. They are full of bends and curves. Oh, well.
I was excited about this tape because my little critter loves to scratch the couch and the door frames. I was so disappointed to see the package caution against using on upholstery or painted wood.  Well..I'm at a loss as to what exactly the tape should be used for.
I was surprised when I got this bag of cat food to try.  It (to me) has a mild aroma and I thought the cats would like it, but none of my three did.  I was also disappointed to see the nutritional values for this product, which shows it contains a min. of only 28% protein, which is much lower than most high quality cat foods and even most grocery brands, even though it lists salmon as the first ingredient.  I was not crazy about giving it to my pets, and especially would not let it anywhere near my diabetic cat.  Being grain free does not mean that it's the best food for your cat, most do best on a high protein diet which is closer to what they would get in the wild.
First you have to start this 7 days before you need it to take effect. So this is meant for planned events and not emergencies or unforeseen occurrences like storms. So I started 7 days before his grooming appointment and followed the instructions.Neither I nor the groomer observed any reduction in his anxiety. Poor little guy still thought it was the end of the world. He still cried and shook. He still acted like he had survived Armageddon when he got home.He did like the taste though.
Active Care Stress Management Tablets need to be administered "at least 7 days before anticipated noise events." In our crazy active family, we do not always have 7 days advance notice, or when we do, how often would we remember at least a week in advance to certain holidays and events to begin administering these tablets in enough time for them to work.  For a chronic relief of anxiety, the ingredients should do a fine job, however for more acute stress management, I use other options for my dogs, often relying on magnesium and benedryl which work quite effectively and are soft on the budget since we already have them on hand for the human members of our household....and then the 4th of July was nearing.  I figured what the heck, it wouldn't hurt, right?  We began giving 1 or 2 a day to our 75 pound adolescent German Shepherd.  Aiko LOVES these and consumes them quickly thinking they are treats - well they are, sort of! He was calm throughout the extended holiday weekend, despite many loud window shaking Kabooms without ever so much as an issue.Per the package:Active Ingredients per tablet (1 to 2 per day, 7 days prior to the stressful situation)Extracts of Magnolia 250 mghonokoil 4.75 mg"shown to stop compulsive and repetitive behaviors"... stops doggie OCD?
When receiving the Bio Spot Active Care Stress Tablets for my dog, I was hoping it would help keep him calm during those stressful hours of the night when the neighbors kids decide to scream bloody murder when playing and haphazardly throwing &#34;pop pop&#34; noise makers on the ground.  I was a little skeptical whether this could help him, and a little worried that the dosage is so wide ranging - 50 lbs and under 1 pill while 50 lbs and over is 2 pills.  My dog, at 12 lbs, is no where near 50 lbs and it seemed like an overdosage for him.  I gave him a single pill, and he ate it without problem.  The only effect I noticed on my dog is that he got a little more sleepy, but not enough to put him to sleep while those kids were playing.I tried the pills a couple more times and I had the same result - the only thing I would notice is that he would go to sleep a little earlier at night.  Outside of that, it didn't seem to do anything to help calm him down during loud episodes.  Overall, this pill may work for your dog, but didn't seem to do much for ours.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that's easily startled by loud noises.  Panic and anxiety can set in from something as simple as a slamming car door, garbage can lid or hammer.  To make matters worse we live along busy four lane freight train tracks in a major city.  Needless to say my dog can suffer from some pretty high anxiety which makes walking no fun at all.  When an attack happens there's literally nothing you can do to calm him down or gain control, he simply wants to run.  I'v never tried any sort of calming aid before and he can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I generally have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on Bio Spot Active Care Stress Management Chewable Tablets for Dogs, 30 Count;Pros+ My dog ate them as if they were a treat.+ Ingredients weren't terribly questionable.+ Doesn't make dog drowsy.+ Natural blend of ingredients.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of "Dogs over 50 lbs should receive 2 tablets daily."  With a list price of $26.99 ($15.31 currently) these would cost me between $30 and $54 a month.- Had no noticeable effect on my dog after 2 weeks of use.- Some artificial flavoring.My dog happily ate Bio Spot Active Care Stress Management Chewable Tablets for Dogs, 30 Count but unfortunately they seemed to have no noticeable effect.  Therefore, I obviously can't justify adding them to him daily mix of "treats."  Overall these supplements seemed healthy compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis.  However, if you have a dog suffering from stress/anxiety then Bio Spot Active Care Stress Management Chewable Tablets for Dogs, 30 Count might be worth a shot.  Just know that your dogs results may vary.
I should have read the description more carefully because I didn't realize that you are advised to start the dog on the tablets 7 days before an anticipated event.  Basically, it would either have to be used as a daily supplement or you would have to plan ahead in order for it to have any effect.  I don't like this because I don't always have that long to prepare for a stressful situation.  I had vet visits coming up, so I started two of my dogs on the tablets.  One is a nervous and jumpy dog by nature and the other is just stressed out when he goes to the vet or rides in the car.  They both like to bark at all kinds of noises during the day and one tends to make the other join in.  During the days leading up to the visits I noticed no differences in their behavior.  It may have helped on of them to sleep, but I can't say for sure because he was especially active during the day and may have just been more tired than usual.  When the vet appointments came, both acted exactly like they would have without the tablets.  I noticed nothing and the vet assistant was surprised to hear that they were given anything for stress management.  Since then there have been thunder storms and a few incidents of unusually loud noises and they both have acted the same as they did before.  I will not be continuing these tablets.
This isn't exactly what I was expecting.  I have a 5 year old Chihuahua who gets very scared when there's storms, shooting sounds or fireworks.  She also goes crazy trying to attack the sweeper when we sweep.  I was hoping to have something on hand to be able to give her when one of these events occur.  I didn't realize that it states that you should "administer at least 7 days before before anticipated noise events".  Unless I wanted to give these to her daily, which I don't, the only time one of these events could be predicted is around the 4th of July.  I sweep at least once a week so this would mean having her on these non-stop.Even if I wanted to give these to her daily, she doesn't like them.  Half the time she won't touch them.  If I could just give her one when I knew a storm was coming then I could probably convince her to eat one.  Getting her to take these on a regular basis isn't happening.If you have no problems giving these to your dog on a daily basis, and can afford these costly tablets, then sure, give them a try and see if they work for you but unfortunately this isn't the solution that I was looking for.
I am diligent to feed my dogs a grain-free diet since dogs were never meant to consume grains - well at least until they were at least partially digested in the gut of their prey....  I was surprised to see Bio Spot Active contains &#34;corn gluten feed&#34;. I am considered very well versed in reading labels and understanding the importance of supplements as well as avoiding certain &#34;food chemicals&#34; often found in &#34;over-processed chemicalized sludge&#34; (such as high fructose corn syrup, bleached enriched or brominated anything, etc) but I must admit &#34;corn gluten feed&#34; is a new one to me.  That one ingredient was enough of a turn-off to me that I used up the tablets with my dogs, but I'd never consider using them again in the future until Farnam removes this ingredient from this product.
UPDATE:The younger dog refused this two times in a row. He'll eat anything, so I'm pulling this from his diet.I like the idea of multi-vitamins for my dogs. I take them, so it seems logical to give them to my pets.I decided not to give it to my elderly dog because his stomach is sensitive. The younger dog is a Jack-Chi. He loved the tablet (actually half a tablet based on his weight) and ate it up like a treat. He had no side effects.Although it's impossible to determine if it really makes a difference in his long-term health, I do feel better after giving this to him.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I generally have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on Bio Spot Active Care Multi-Vitamin Chewable Tables for Dogs, 60 Count;Pros+ A good supplement to help keep your dog healthy combined with a well-balanced diet.+ Contains Calcium, Phosphorus, Copper, Iron, Manganese, Zinc, Iodine, Thiamine, Riboflavin, Cobalt, Niacin, Pyridoxine, and Vitamin A, D3, E and B12.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of &#34;Dogs 51-75 lbs should receive 1 and 1/2 tablets daily.&#34;  With a list price of $36.99 (currently $18.01) these would cost me anywhere between $27 and $56 every 2 months.- Dog wouldn't eat them no matter how much peanut butter was on it.  He would just lick it all off and spit it out.My dog just didn't enjoy Bio Spot Active Care Multi-Vitamin Chewable Tables for Dogs, 60 Count so I won't be adding these to his regular daily supplements.  Not to mention they would get a little spendy in the long run for something he refuses to eat.  Overall these supplements are packed with healthy ingredients and nutrients compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis over other multivitamins.  However, if you have a dog who needs their daily multi vitamins then Bio Spot Active Care Multi-Vitamin Chewable Tables for Dogs, 60 Count may be worth a try.  Unfortunately, they didn't agree with my dog's picky palette.
Our dog will chew many things, but this is not one of them.  We will try crushing these dry disks and sprinkling half at the bottom of his chow bowl, as when sprinkled atop, he doesn't eat the chow.
Unfortunately, my dog, Pooper, doesn't like this and won't eat it at all. My Pooper usually will eat about anything. Usually, my dog will eat the Bio Spot supplements and I've had good luck with the other Bio pet products that I've used with him. This is the first one he doesn't like the flavor of.
I have 2 chihuahuas.  My one refused to have anything to do with these from the start but that's nothing new for her.  She only likes the unhealthy snacks that she gets every now and then.My younger chihuahua will pretty much eat anything but she really didn't want anything to do with these either.  Her half of a tablet laid around on the floor for almost an hour before she finally decided that she'd eat it.  About 10 minutes later, she puked it back up and a whole lot more.  She's refused to eat them since then.  We even waited a couple weeks hoping she'd forget about the fact that it made her sick but she still won't touch them.Although I'm not sure if it was coincidence that she got sick (which never happens), based on the fact that my dogs didn't even want to touch these, I can't say that I'd recommend them.  Maybe some dogs will eat them without a fuss and have no problems with them but for my dogs, this isn't something we'll be getting again.* Update *  My mom's 80 lb Shepherd Mix dog was over the other day and since my dogs won't eat these I decided to give one to him to see if he'd eat it.  He only had 1 even though he could have 2 at his weight but he threw up as well.  A huge pile too just like my dog did.Her smaller Shepherd Mix dog was here as well and she turned her nose up to these tablets.
I offered this to my dog daily for approximately a month.  I noticed no difference in his shedding at all.  This was meant to be a holdover until we got him groomed, but still it did nothing.Not worth it.
I have a Cavalier King Charles, and while I keep him buzzed half the year (I live in FL and he seems miserable with a full coat), I let his fur grow out during the cooler months. Over the past month I've been letting him eat these (he thinks they're treats) and paying attention to the accumulation of dust/fur-bunnies in my house.There's as much as ever, so far as I can tell.I'm giving this 2 stars because, a) he still likes them and I can pretend they're an additional daily treat, and b) maybe he's impervious, or maybe the winter was a little warmer than normal this year. Either way, 2 stars is all these are getting. I can't tell that they work, so...
My dogs will eat these shed solution pills only if I disguise this in their regular food. They don't get omega fatty acids except through supplements yet the shedding is a bad as ever.
:) PROS:  smells of beef and tea----provides omega 3 & 6, viatmin a, d, and e, Zinc, Copper, biotin, & Taurine, ----dog liked and ate it easily  :(CONs: -must be given daily even during shedding season ----60 tablets  dose  up to 25 pounds 2, 26-60 4 over 60 pounds 6, so only 10 days worth for my big dog.----x-large size of nickel and 6/16 thick ----2 to 4 weeks before you can see any results
Our 8 year-old dog, Syd, has been worrying his skin for the last year and it is causing hair to fall out. From what I can see, this is being caused by dry skin. There is no other obvious cause for this problem. We have been giving him a Fish oil pill once a day on the advice of our veterinarian. His hair has been much smoother and shinier but it had not stopped the worrying or the patchiness.We were hoping that the Bio Spot Shed Solution would help Syd with this problem but it had no discernible effect. It probably did not have any effect because this is not normal shedding or it is not having an effect because we have already been giving Syd a fish oil pill.As an aside, this is a ten day supply for our Syd, who weighs over 60 pounds.A warning on the bottle also clarifies that the shedding may resume once you stop the Bio Spot.
The amount of tablets given to your dog depends on its weight. Up to 25 pounds the dog takes two tablets daily.  For dogs over 60 pounds they would take 6 per day.  Well, that's a lot of money for a larger dog that I will not be spending on a 60 tablet bottle. I have two dogs, one small and one big, this will not work financially for us. we have not used the product long enough to see results.  If the product was less money, we may have continued usage.
My brown lab is diabetic so I have to make sure that the food I am giving him doesnt have certain ingredients that would screw up his insulin numbers but he is also very picky eater so that makes it the harder for me to find stuff her will eat and enjoy. He would eat 2 of them and now he wont eat anymore- this happened before with a similar product. The smell of the contents in the bottle did not smell bad. But he is stubborn!With a different dog these tablets would probably be fine but not my pain in the neck! LOL
I have two dogs of my own, but I also do dog rescue and foster.In those cases I have seen dogs inhale their food and get bloat, sick, or start after other dogs food. So feeders like this are a needed tool at times. I like the idea of a slow feeder and have used a couple in the past.This one, while it looks nice with the maze like design isn't completely practical.For a medium to large dog this will be a frustrating bowl to use and the grooves are very small so your choice of kibble will also be affected.Secondly, since those grooves are so small it is rather difficult to really clean it properly.I like the idea, but the overall design is not where it should be.
I really like the sand texture of this litter, and I think the cats do, too.  But it doesn't clump very well, and the scent is too much of an intense perfume scent at times.
I loved the idea of this Popper and I have three dogs that will chase or catch just about anything, including the popcorn they love, so I was expecting it to be quite fun. Of the four pack, two of the popper devices, the pop-ins, I suppose they should be called, actually got stuck in. They just bent. So the only way to pop it was to take it off the bottle and try to send it by poking under it. This didn&#8217;t work at all. The other two bottles still work but the treats may have been too large.The other problem was that my dogs didn&#8217;t really get the concept for some reason. They understand catching popcorn, so I was surprised. For the most part, I would get something lined up to pop, wait, wait, then see it launch, but by then the dogs were onto something else. So then I would go over to point out where the treat landed to show a dog. I even experimented with only playing with one dog at a time or with smaller treats that might fly faster.The dogs did like the treats.The jar says it was manufactured by Nestl&eacute; Purina PetCare Company St. Louis MO, USA, but I don&#8217;t see any indication of where the ingredients came from or any clarification of whether the company is in St. Louis or the treats were manufactured in St. Louis. I selected a treat that I was likely to buy from a grocery store in spite of all the recent problems. For the most part, however, I have returned to Blue Dog Bakery treats for safety reasons.
This has the potential to be a great choice for litter especially if you have problems lifting heavy items. It is amazing how lightweight the canisters are &#8211; much, much easier to lift and carry than traditional litter.Unfortunately, the good news ends there. The lightweight nature of the litter also makes it very prone to being tracked out of the pan. It tends to fly around far more so than traditional litter to the point where it&#8217;s not only tracked right by the pan, but for several feet in all directions. This litter will give your vac a workout.The clumping ability is so-so. It does clump, but not as hard as other brands. It is also heavily scented. While I like scented litter, this is a bit over the top in the scent department.I&#8217;m finding it usable only if mixed with conventional clumping litter. That keeps the tracking down and cuts the scent. Kudos to the manufacturer for thinking of folks who find it hard to lift heavy jugs of litter, but the performance of this only merits 2 stars at best.
Yes tidy cat scoop is lightweight a bonus when you have to lift it BUT it tracks all over !! What a mess!!!  I am going back to my regular cat litter. Sorry tidy cat.
I could not get my dog to eat this unless I put canned wet dog food on top. She just sat there and stared at it, leaving it until the canned food went on top. She has been reluctant to try new foods before, but never to the point that she just flat-out refuses to eat it unless it has something else on it.She normally eats Wilderness Blue Buffalo dog food.
These Purina treats scare me. There have been a lot of cases of reported gastrointestinal problems with dogs who have had these before Nestle reformulated them. The treats were made in China and dogs died. Now, Nestle reports that this product is made in the USA and it should be safe for consumption.This snack is very dry and hard to break. Why do dogs need additional sugar added to their diet? They don't!Please exercise caution when feeding this product, or better yet, choose another one that is less controversial -- like feed your dog a piece of boiled chicken or a dehydrated sweet potato -- it'll be better for them and you'll know exactly what you are feeding your pet!
Note - I am aware these are made in the United States.However,given the recent controversy related to Jerky treats, of which Waggin Train was again implicated, I spoke with my vet concerning the safety of this product. While they could not speak to the safety or lack thereof, they did recommend against purchased jerky treats in general. These were on the even less recommended list because of the sugar in them. There are healthier treats you can give your dogs.As a result, I gave our dogs a very small sample to test for flavor, which they declared a quick 5 stars. Since they are smaller than the recommended 11 pounds, I am not giving them more, I only wanted to get their opinion.I appreciate the steps Purina has gone to trying to make these Smokey Jerky Treats safe by bringing the manufacture back to the United States. But the issue of poultry jerky in general, combined with my Vet's recommendation to limit these treats with sugar for overall health issues leads me to believe that these aren't the best choice.Two stars.
I gave my 20 lb dog a piece of a Waggin' Train Chicken Jerky tender. He loved it. He gnawed it enthusiastically.  Roughly 30 minutes later, he started throwing up.There is every chance that this was unrelated. My dog doesn't throw up often but I know correlation does not imply causation. It could well have been something else.But I love my tubby not smart little buddies. I just couldn't bring myself to try to feed these again. Given all the concern about jerky products, I will have to er on the side of caution.Given that experience, I am not going to feed the Waggin Train smoky Jerky snacks.
No question that the dogs around here love these things.  Big and small they all go for them big time, and they even smell good enough to taste one yourself, (but don't).  And I have had no problems with either any dogs getting sick, nor running into any owners here that believe or care about it the accusations.  That be said, I have done the research online as to the problems with these causing some sickness, and even death in some dogs, and it seems to me well substantiated.  Personally, I am not one to believe that everything that comes from China is crap and just put it down for that reason.  But I suggest that despite these being really tasty for dogs that you read up on the news about their causing sickness in some dogs and make up your own mind.  It may very well be that the problem was a one time thing, or that the contamination or whatever it is has been found and cleaned up.  It was a while ago that it occurred and its something that can happen to any company, even a big one like Purina.  But it's still worth a look at the news about it online.  There are many other jerky treats to choose from for sure, and you owe it to your doggy to be sure in my opinion...: )PS:  As per the comment from the manufacturer on my review, I stand corrected that these treats are made in America, (and according to them sourced here as well). And I repeat that they are going over very well with the dogs here with no ill effects. However I still feel some attention should be given to by any dog owner in the way of research on this product just the same...
Given the recent controversy related to Jerky treats, of which Waggin Train was again implicated, I spoke with my vet concerning the safety of this product. While they could not speak to the safety or lack thereof, they did recommend against purchased jerky treats in general. There are healthier treats you can give your dog.As a result, I gave our dogs a small sample to test for flavor, which they declared a quick 5 stars. So, your dog will love it.I appreciate the steps Purina has gone to trying to make these treats safe. I am giving these two stars because of their efforts, but cannot in good conscience recommend them. The questions raised by the FDA are too serious.
These Chicken Jerky Tenders come in a 11 oz bag that is resealable. They look like little smoked chicken breasts but they have a little bit of an odd color to them. I selected these to review them without knowledge of the current controversy / news coverage over these type of chicken jerky treats that are made in China. The day that I received these in the mail they happen to have a discussion about these on the evening news. Apparently there have been thousands of complaints to the FDA about these type of dog jerky treats. I also have heard hundreds of dog deaths but from what I have read there hasn't really been any proof. I decided to research further and read through countless reviews on Amazon and many people claim that these made their dog really sick and one even claims that they might have killed her dog.That being said I refuse to give these to my dog. I simply don't know whether or not they are safe but they are made in China and there is plenty of reason to doubt the quality of these treats.
I gave my 20 lb dog a piece of a Waggin' Train Chicken Jerky tender. He loved it. He gnawed it enthusiastically.  Roughly 30 minutes later, he started throwing up.There is every chance that this was unrelated. My dog doesn't throw up often but I know correlation does not imply causation. It could well have been something else.But I love my tubby not smart little buddies. I just couldn't bring myself to try to feed these again. Given all the concern about jerky products, I will have to er on the side of caution.
Smell good, and my dogs actually chew them instead of trying to swallow the treat whole because of its size too. Claims to be made in the United States, but after doing all the research I've done on these treats, I just don't want to recommend them. And I won't be feeding them to my pets anymore.
Clearly, the other reviewers of this product scare buyers away with warnings that this product is unsafe, even deadly, to dogs.The bag says "100% Real, Nothing Artificial.  All Natural."  No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives.  The ingredients listed include the preservative mixed-tocopherois, which, when looked up, means an organic preservative mostly consisting of vitamin E.What worries me is the daily maximum number of pieces you can serve, based on your dogs weight.  For instance, a 25 lb. dog can have half a treat a day.  Why?  If the product is safe, why not give the dog a whole treat to munch on?Also, these treats are for adult dogs only.  Why? Healthy treats are needed for puppies, when training, but not these treats.  These treats are for adult dogs 11 lbs and over.As if these guidelines weren't enough to put a would-be dog-snack buyer off, check out the price.  $12 for 11 ounces of smoky jerky treats?  That's an absurd price for a bag of dog treats.I have 3 adult dogs that eat anything, dead or alive.  Seriously, we live in the country and one of our dogs recently swallowed a live snake, whole.  He was fine eating the snake and he is fine eating these snacks.  Even if our dogs wolfed these treats down, they're not economical enough to purchase.
I gave my 20 lb dog a piece of a Waggin' Train Chicken Jerky tender. He loved it. He gnawed it enthusiastically.  Roughly 30 minutes later, he started throwing up.There is every chance that this was unrelated. My dog doesn't throw up often but I know correlation does not imply causation. It could well have been something else.But I love my tubby not smart little buddies. I just couldn't bring myself to try to feed these again. Given all the concern about jerky products, I will have to er on the side of caution.Given that experience, I am not going to feed the Waggin Train Jerky Duos dog treats.
My dog will eat everything and he also ate this treat. He wasn't crazy about it but ate it. Few days after I was giving him 1 stick a day he made a poop at night next to the door (that never happened, he is 8 years old). Next morning when he came back from backyard he got messy butt and when I wiped it it was blood on it! Definitely not good.I'm not sure what was that all about but he seems normal and had no more troubles after I stopped giving him this snack.Side note, why salt and sugar in dogs food, really?
I know there has been a lot of talk about the Waggin Train recall. It is my belief that the company did indeed 'step up to the plate' and address the issues they were plagued by. If I did not fully believe that, no way would this treat come anywhere near one of my precious babies. I researched, and feel confident about the safety, at least at this point.Like many people, by pups are family members, just as valid and important as ones that happen to have only 2 legs!So, I tried this with an open mind. While they were ok with the chicken breast strips, this treat made my Water Spaniel upchuck almost right away, so I did not feed it to the 2 Maltese. The rest of the pack was given to a friend.Just didn't pass the test.
These are a little off and my dog plays with them but wont eat them. they are tough &#34;sticks&#34; that smell very bad and no matter how long she has it for I am always picking them up and throwing them away. Odd she loves treats
My (old, finicky) dog simply refused to eat this food. I'm still giving it two stars because the ingredient list looks good, but I won't be getting it again.
I was hoping that since this was &#34;natural&#34; that would mean it was easily digestible... however my cats were not wild about it -- took awhile for the food to disappear from the bowl (which, given that I have 4 cats is saying something).In addition, it didn't sit well with at least one of my cats.I'm going to quit experimenting with cat food because whenever I do, I wind up having to clean up messes.  I'm sticking with the Purina Pro Plan -- the top grade offered by purina.  It is cheaper, recommended by my vet, and it doesn't make my cats sick.[NCJVR]
I have three dogs and two cats that are all on grain free food. We decided to try this grain free dog food and found this one to be a lot drier than our normal brand and not that pleasant smelling. My dogs did not want to eat that much of it (and I slowly incorporated it with our normal brand to get their tummies adjusted to it) and after a few days two of my three dogs have had severe diarrhea and don't want to eat that food. A pleasant surprise all over the house when we got home from work for 3 days in a row. I immediately switched back to their regular grain free dog food and they are back to normal and eating normal again. I'm sticking to rachael ray.
Based on the ingredient list, this food looked promising; unfortunately, my (old and finicky, I will admit) dog refused to eat it for more than a couple days. So it's back to lower-quality more-palatable food for me.
So far my cat who has to be on grain free and has been for the last 3 years is eating this but barely compared to his normal brand. It's a lot drier hence harder cat food and I'm not fond of the quality. My cat is a lot, I mean a LOT more talkative lately and I can't help but think he's trying to tell me something since his bowl still isn't empty, lol. My dog's couldn't handle this brand and had to be immediately taken off it so I'm not going to continue giving it to my cat. I did love the velcro closure though. But I'm sticking to hill's ideal balance.
These chew bones are a good size for a small dog.  They have nubs on them to help clean pup's teeth.  They have a very mild smell. I wish my dogs liked them, as they are older and can't get their teeth professionally cleaned.  But neither one will eat them.  I even tried putting a bit of peanut butter on them. Nope, they lick it off and leave the chew behind.
I was so excited to get these! They look and smell just like miniature, freeze-dried bacon burgers, and my dogs (border collies) loved them.And then my husband read the ingredient list, and I was suddenly extremely disappointed. These &#34;home-style&#34; treats contain:soy - a major allergen- (as the second ingredient!), sugar, propylene glycol, textured vegetable protein, BHA, garlic powder (bad for dogs) and onion extract (also very bad for dogs).As much as my dogs were happy to inhale these, we won't be getting them again. There are a lot of excellent treats on the market with clean ingredients lists - I'll be spending my money on those instead.
My dog hates having topical Frontline applied, as he freaks out when he knows I am trying to apply it. I thought maybe the Adams Flea and Tick Spot On would help with this by allowing me to get closer to my dog through the applicator and avoid this problem. Unfortunately, it didn't work out very well. It is not very clear how to insert the solution into the applicator since it doesn't come with instructions. I was able to figure this part out, but when I closed it it broke the seal and I lost about 1/3 of the fluid on my hands. The actual solution seemed to work and I didn't have any fleas or ticks on my dog during the month, even though he usually gets a couple ticks a month, however the applicator is just a gimmick that is not very effective.
We have just adopted a now 9-week-old kitten and he's had access to this box since he was six weeks old.  I had also bought him a kitten-height box for $2. Guess which one he prefers.  Neither. He has followed our adult cats into their full sized pans from day one. Like most kittens, he's totally self-training.The box is a great idea because of the non-tracking pellets and the pad beneath the grate which collects the urine.  However, the front of the little box is cut down for easy entrance, making it look like a bed.  Because my big boy Billy, who loves to kick sand out of the box thought this was the greatest thing since catnip, and the others kept trying to curl up in it, I took the hint, washed it and bought a pad for it. It makes a great bed!Up to a 7.8 pound cat. Tiny kittens are fully capable of climbing into a full size box. This is a ridiculous box. Helpful instructions. Small litter box removable tray and scooper. 2 deodorizing pads, bag of pellets. Buy refills.