I rely on the DogFoodAdvisor site for unbiased nutrition reviews.  They do not recommend Purina's Pro-Plan Savor canned foods, and are very clear about why.  I notice that Purina has gone to the trouble to create their own &#34;Dog Food Advisor&#34; site and give it higher rankings in an attempt to mislead people looking for the DogFoodAdvisor site.  This leaves me VERY unimpressed with Purina...According to DogFoodAdvisor (and the Pro-Plan label), this product contains unidentified liver and meat byproducts, as well as corn starch, potatoes, and food coloring!It still beats Hill's (which I used to feed my doodle), but I think I will be sticking with Trader Joe's.
I've put Vetri-Science Perio-Support on my dogs' dry food & my cats' wet food (4 cats, 5 dogs).  I've been doing this for about 2-1/2 weeks & have the following findings:1.  The cats & dogs do not mind eating the white powder. In fact, they seem to eat the food that is covered with the powder first;2.  The label indicates that the perio-support has polishing capabilities. I cannot confirm this - my pets' teeth, while not sparkly white to begin with, are not sparkly white now.  Perhaps, overall, the teeth (cat & dog) are slightly more clean, but not enough to be on "oh, wow" moment;3.  Dog #5 had bad breath.  There were complaints.  The perio powder claims to help reduce dog breath odor ("maintain fresh breath").  Dog #5's breath is less odorous now that she has been getting the perio additive.So, my verdict is still out.  Good on "fresh breath" & not sure on "polishing".
I've been sprinkling this product on my dog's food using about the amount directed (1 tsp.) for several days.  However, I only put it on my dog's wet or moist dog food since that is the type prone to sticking to their teeth.  One of my dogs will eat the food with the Vetri-Science on it though I can tell she's not fond of it, while the other dog almost will not eat it until she's very hungry.  They are both small dogs and are probably more sensitive to tastes and smells than large dogs.They usually eat dry dog food but I like to give them wet dog food on occasion just to change things up a bit for them and I know they really love it.  I will continue trying this product in hopes that the dog that seems to notice it the most will eventually become accustomed to it and will eat her food.  I think it's a good idea, to include a form of tooth cleaner/breath freshener if it's safe and really works. I'm still debating about this product right now so that's why the 3 stars.
We've got two cats that will grab a chew, take a few chomps and then down the hatch.  Our third cat is not sure he likes them, so he treats his chew as a plaything before eating it.  End result:  I stand there for over five minutes to make sure each gets his/her own--I have to do that twice a day.  And that is the dosage to just maintain skin and hair health. It is also supposed to "help support" G.I function.If I think one of the cats has a hairball, then it is eight chews per day for up to four days.  The one who can take them or leave them, well, I'd never be able to get him to consume eight chews per day.I think that this chew is worth a try if you have a definite and major hairball problem.  But just for maintaining skin and hair health, I'm sticking to a top quality cat food.AN OBSERVATION if you give your cats Temptations (by Whiskas):  Our cats are conflicted because they love their Temptations treats:  They here the bag rattling and run up to get their treats, then realize it is only the Pet Naturals Hairball chews they are getting.  It is a let down for them...those spoiled darlings.
Not all my cats even wanted to eat these treats, and the ones who did threw it up afterward. Maybe that is the purpose of hairball treatment, to unclog the gastrointestinal tract, but I don't want it unclogged all over my carpet. The vomit is thick and brown and glues itself into the rug. I didn't notice hairballs in it.
We have 6 adult cats including a Maine Coon/Tabby mix who has long, thick, layered fur. We really don't have a hairball problem.  Once in awhile I will find one (like in the middle of the night, barefoot), but for the most part, the cats seem to pass any fur in their stool.We feed them Iams Original and Iams Multi-Cat (kept out in separate bowls all the time) and once in a while, Purina Complete when we are feeding that to the outdoor ferals.  Our 6 are strictly indoor cats.  They also get cans of Fancy Feast, sliced, morning and night, 6 cans total/daily.If I remember, I give them hairball gel every month or so. Usually don't remember!For treats they eat Purina Party Treats. They love the crunchiness.I thought I would give them the Pet Naturals - they thought different!  For whatever reason, none of the 6 wanted to eat them.  3 spit them out, the other 3 walked away after sniffing them.One reason might be that they are 'soft' chews instead of crunchy.  Or, it could be just the change in product, maybe it was the smell.....but I can't give a realistic review because not one was eaten by our 6.The family of ferals in the backyard - all 3 - seemed to like them quite well so I might continue to purchase Pet Naturals if it helps them, as they do have a lot of fur and as the weather starts to warm up this summer and they start shedding, they will definitely need help with the excess fur in their tummies.  Giving an untouchable feral cat hairball gel on one's finger is not an option, so Pet Naturals are great!
These chews are not intended to be given as treats to dogs. they are for larger dogs and are intended to be vitamins that you give the dog.Your dog may find them tasty, like mine did. He requested several of these, but was only given one at a time because I was worried about introducing something new too soon.Still, you should expect some gas after your dog consumes these. Whether that's a good or a bad thing, I'm not sure (the package doesn't indicate flatulence as a side effect).Not sure about stomach regulation or any other effects, but I did have to pick up more poop the day after these were consumed.
I confess, I probably should be usingCALMING BONE-SHAPED CHEWS FOR SMALL DOGS, but this is what was available on Vine. I have 2 chihuahuas, one of which is a rescue pet. Although she has been with us for 2 months, she is still very excitable. Picture a chihuahua on speed, and you have an idea!Knowing the dosage of these is for 75 pound dogs, we limited her consumption by cutting them into small pieces - actually the instructions on these are that you can give a dog several a day, so I wasn't worried about overdosing her.I also gave small pieces of it to our other chihuahua who is generally mellow anyway. After SHE took them, she seemed to be pretty chilled out.However, the tiny little bundle of speed didn't blink an eye. Since she had some digestive upset (not sure it was the pills, she is a DOG after all, and we never know what she manages to consume), I hesitated to give her a bigger dose to check it out further.So I would suggest that this may help your dog, but it is likely up to your dog's constitution and personal response.Flavor wise, they were very effective, since both dogs were happy to test them out.
My dog is pretty mellow, and only time he gets out of control is when little kids come over.  He always wants to mount them.  He doesn't do it to adults, only my nieces and nephews.  Giving him these treats calmed him down for the few seconds when he got them, after he ate them, he just goes back to his ways.  They are so small that he just swallows them.  He is normally a calm dog, so I can't tell if they really would help him in any other instance.  He likes them, and eats them like a regular treat.  Maybe your dog will respond different.  My 8 yr old lab mix didn't respond any different to them.
My sweet Belles is an atypical Golden Retriever.  Unlike most of her breed, she's not overly keen on making new friends.  She's not mean, she's just SHY.  And at 8 years old, that doesn't seem likely to change.  I gave these a whirl before a Petco run, and it seemed she was even Shy-er than usual.  Only myself and the workers were in the store (four guys who were bored and playing hacky-sack then Keep-Away with dog toys while they waited to close).  She decided to "hide" behind a toy display.  All four were super nice as soon as they saw us.  Got on their knees with trees and nice voices to make friends.  She sat determinedly at my heals and only looked at them.  She's never actually resorted to HIDING behind anything other than me before. (Granted we dont usually encounter such boisterous games at Petco.)  She usually will take a step forward to be petted after much sniffing--but not last night.So, I will try these again (she loves them), but I think that unless we just need a different dose, these are for dogs with other issues.  I thought it might help her with her stress.  But prehaps these are dogs with "boisterousness" issues.  (She's completely un-afraid when it comes to storms, so I cannot test them for storm axiety).I gave them three stars because they are by all accounts healthy and harmless, dogs will take and eat them quite happily.  They just don't seem to work for our issues.  (I will re-test and update accordingly, though.)Good luck with your pooches stress issues!
My dogs loved the flavor and scarfed these right down. I didn't see much difference as far as calming, but they might have been a touch more relaxed. I will update this after the next lightning storm...
Our dog Emily tore her ACL last January and ended up having knee surgery last May.  On our vet's recommendation we began giving her a joint supplement called Glyco-Flex III.  Pet Naturals Hip+Joint Formula is very similar in size, shape and flavor.  In fact, Emily couldn't tell the difference.Looks can be deceiving.  Although both products are very similar in price (about $0.24 versus $0.22 per serving, with the Glyco-Flex being a little bit pricier,) the active ingredients are not equal.Here's how they stack up (per 2 chews):Glyco-Flex III:Glucosamine HCL 1000mgMSM 1000mgPerna Canaliculus 600mgN,N-Dimethylglycine HCL 100mgVitamin E 50mgVitamin C 24mgManganese 10mgGrape Seed Extract 5mgL-Glutathione 2mgSelenium 0.002mgHip+Joint:Glucosamine HCL 750mgMSM 400mgChondroitin Sulfate 400mgN,N-Dimethylglycine HCL 100mgVitamin C 100mgManganese 5mgEicosapentaenoic Acid EPA 18mgDocosahexaenoic Acid DHA 12mgNow, I'm not a chemist or a vet so I don't know what most of these ingredients are but I do know that the two ingredients that my vet was most concerned about are Glucosamine and MSM and the Glyco-Flex has more of both.  In addition, the Glyco-Flex dosage can be cut in half after the first 4-6 weeks of treatment.  For those reasons, I think the Glyco-Flex is a better value.
My gang is typically not very fussy when it comes to food - if it doesn't move (or, at least move too much) they'll eat it. So, I was pretty sure they'd like this up-scale food.Surprisingly, one did not - while she didn't turn up her nose at it, she didn't really want to eat it either.  The other three gave it their licked-clean food bowl seal of approval.The cans are small (the "mini" can size much like Fancy Feast) which is a good match for single cat households since you don't have to deal with leftovers. The smell is much better than the low-cost can foods, and about on a par with the more premium brands such as Hills. The chicken pot pie was VERY watery, however - more like a soup than a stew. The sesame chicken was a bit more solid. The watery nature of the product also makes it messy to serve. To me, it's not a very good value especially considering that you're paying for a lot of water.I don't think I'd get this again given the cost and the mess factor, plus the fact that  there are several other brands that provide top-notch nutrition at a lower cost (and less mess). I also try to purchase items that are US-made, and this is made in Thailand. But, the majority of the cats snarfed it down, so it's deserving of at least 3 stars.
The chicken pot pie variety was extremely runny, interestingly that seemed to be the only part my cats ate, the licked up the broth.  But they literally nosed the potatoes and carrots right off their plates.  It was like watching picky toddlers.  I divided one can between three cats and I still had about a half a can left after they ate.  I also watched as they finished all three cats ran to the litter box. (apparently it comes out watery too)One of my cats - the little vixen whose part siamese then went and did a protest in my laundry hamper.So when they tried the seasame chicken I only gave it to the two critters who don't voice their displeasure so eloquently.  They still did not finish their meals, again the carrots hit the floor, and perhaps the most suprising, normally when I open a can of cat food they come a running, not so on either opening, and even though the company claims the food smells more appealing, I disagree, as did the cats.So it's 3 stars because at least they ate some of it, but I'm very sorry to say they didn't appear to like it.  If you would like to try a sampler package of this product you can access that through their website.  All the packaging is recyclable, this product is made in Thailand, and claims to be all natural:The chicken pot pie lists the following information:Chicken, Chicken broth,Sweet Potato,Carrots,Soy bean oil,Trialcium phosphate,Tapioca Starch,Calcium Sulfate,Olive Oil, Vitamins and Minerals,Vitamin E supplement,Vitamin A supplement,Vitamin D3 supplement,Zinc Sulfate,Thiamine Mononitrate,Manganese sulfate,Menadione sodium bisuifite complex (source of vitamin K activity),Riboflavin supplement,Folic acid,Pyridoxine hydrochloride,Copper amino acid complex,Iron amino acid complexCarrageenan,Cholinechloride,Taurine,Xanthan GumChicken Pot Pie: Protein: 12% Min.Fat: 1% Min.Ash: 3% Max.Fiber: 1% Max. Moisture: 85% Max.Taurine .1% MinThe Seasame Chicken listed this information:Chicken,Chicken broth,Carrots,Sesame Oil,Soy bean oil,Rice,Trialcium phosphate,Guar gum,Tapioca Starch,Calcium sulfate,Salt,Vitamins and Minerals,Vitamin E supplementVitamin A supplement,Vitamin D3 supplement,Zinc Sulfate,Thiamine Mononitrate,Manganese sulfate,Menadione sodium bisuifite complex (source of vitamin K activity), Riboflavin supplement,Folic acid,Pyridoxine hydrochloride,Copper amino acid complex,Iron amino acid complex, Carrageenan,Cholinechloride,TaurineSesame Chicken: Protein: 11% Min.Fat: 4% Min.Ash: 3% Max.Fiber: 1% Max. Moisture: 85% Max.Metabolized Energy: 54kcal/100 grams Taurine .1% Min Phosphorus .9% Min Calcium 163.6 mg/100 gramsMagnesium 20 mg/100 grams
My cats all eat this, but I find it messy to serve, especially the chicken pot pie cans which seem to be 50 percent liquid. When you pull off the pop top, you can't help but get splashed by it. And it seems like you're not getting that much food for your money since it's so much liquid. The Chinese chicken is not as liquidy.I have no idea how to compare this to other brands price-wise because it is not sold in my state. I've never seen it in stores.
I had a whole case of this to try, so thought it would be fun to try it on as many cats as possible. Thus, by recruiting 5 friends, we ended up trying Petite Cuisine chicken cat food on 13 cats--7 males & 6 females; 4 inside cats, 5 outside & 4 inside/outside. Their ages ranged from 1 year to 16 years. Their weights ranged from 8 pounds to 16 pounds. Twelve of these cats eat Purina One Chicken & Rice dry cat food or Purina One Senior formula, which is a chicken formula. Four of those also eat other types of dry cat food. The sixteen year old cat eats Purina One Salmon & Tuna. Eight of the cats only eat canned tuna or seafood type canned food--namely Meow Mix's Market Select types with no chicken or wheat gluten. The other 5 eat seafood, chicken, turkey or beef canned foods.I was surprised at the results...only one cat, a one year old outside male, of questionable ownership, ate both the Chicken Pot Pie & Chinese Chicken every time he was offered it. Actually, he eats anything he is offered, and is very well fed. He loves meat, too. Another outside cat--a 2 year old male--ate the Chicken Pot Pie every time he was offered it, but would not eat the Chinese Chicken. A third male--a 16 pound inside/outside orange tabby--would consume all the juice of the Chicken Pot Pie, and would eat only some of the chicken. Most of the other cats would also consume the broth of the Chicken Pot Pie, but would not touch the meat. The Chicken Pot Pie has lots of broth, which I think is brilliant, since all the cats I know always like the broth of canned cat food or tuna best.I don't know why this canned cat food was not better liked. It has great ingredients and smells like human food. I hope to try Petite Cuisine seafood catfood one day...I think they all might like that much better.
This cat food looks and smells a lot like the Fancy Feast premium brand, Garden Medley, that comes in the green cans. (Amazing that Fancy Feast, already an expensive, premium brand, would have an even more upscale variety that's even more expensive.) It almost looks like people food. I have eight cats and two ate it immediately and the other six walked away. In the morning, I would find the bowls empty (this is not always the case with other foods, even when they're hungry, they'll ignore some things). I don't know if others changed their minds, or the two who pretty much eat anything came back and cleaned it up. I can't compare prices with this brand because I have never seen it in any store (I live on the East Coast in Virginia, it must be a West Coast brand.)I was put off by the big Made in Thailand lettering on the box because I lived there for two years and it's not a clean country. I was a little worried about what actually was in this food.Since I don't buy Garden Medley because I can't afford it, and I suspect this is in the same price range, I can't honestly say I would buy it. But if your cat loves Garden Medley, and this is a better buy, then it's a good deal.
My Bichon has a dry coat. He is also super sensitive to food additives and a great many products give him horrendous room clearing gas.I tried these to see if I could help with his coat. Bichon's don't get shiny but I was hoping for a healthier coat during the dry winter. He took these easily. He can be kind of a pain about that so that was good. They are good quality because we did not have any of the cheap filler effects (gas and diarrhea) that he gets.But I just didn't notice any change. His coat was the same. He is still itchy by his tail. I just didn't find any noticeable differences. But this is a quality product and the difference could well be in the type of coat. At this price it is worth trying.
I have 2 chihuahuas.  I was hoping my older one would eat these because she's had really itchy skin here lately and I was hoping it would somehow help her.  She won't touch these.  She's 13 and I think they're just too hard for her.  She's missing about a third of her teeth.  I wish they were a bit softer.  She'll eat soft snack type things so I think if these were softer she'd eat them.My other chihuahua will eat these but she's not real big on them.  She's basically just eating them because she'll eat pretty much anything.  I haven't noticed any difference in her skin or coat.  Shedding doesn't appear to be any better either.I would recommend people to at least give these a try and see what it does for their dogs.
My dog eats this dog food, but not with the enthusiasm with which she goes at some home cooking. However, the list of ingredients disclose a high quality dog food and my dog is growing well , and looking good since she has been on this food. I also know that eating this slowly is good for her, she usually wolfs down her food, but she takes her time and eats this. So my view is it may not be her favorite but it is good for her.
My picky eater will eat this dogfood dry.  That's a pretty good review of its taste-power.My BF hates the name (he hates all of Rachel Ray's cutsey names, so he's not picking on this in particular).  As a rule, I'm suspicious of dog foods packaged as if they are people food, but I think that's just the way that foods at this price-point are sold.  Your dog doesn't care what the bag looks like.At $1.50 per pound, it's more than I want to pay to feed the total amount of dog-poundage I feed every day.  Between price and BF, it's not going to be a product that I buy again.
I bought this on a whim because it was on sale for such a great price here at Amazon. Our dog, a pit bull seemed to like it just fine. He ate it without hesitation, which says a lot with him for a dry food. He gets bored easily with dry food and will become more reluctant to eat it day after day. I do admit that a lot of his meals I cook myself, so that is why he doesn't always take to dry food so easily.As for the nutrition, well, it's not the best you could buy obviously, but it is far from the worst and MUCH better than most of the brands you can buy at the grocery store or Kmart, Walmart, etc. Probably not something I feed exclusively, but it's not bad every now and then when it's on sale. At least the first ingredients are actually meat. Most bags in the grocery store start right off with corn or wheat. Ideally, you don't want that stuff at all, but not everyone can afford the very best.We do have to be somewhat careful with dry foods with corn and grains,etc in them because our Tysie does get rather itchy and scratchy with certain foods. Even some that seem to be "better" than others have had him scratching for days on end. Nutrish did not do that to him, so it is on our "safe list."
I was hoping this would make a tasty change of pace for my doodle, but he wasn't enthused - though it's true he's gotten a bit picky about kibble generally.  Anyway, although I don't pretend to be an expert in canine nutrition, this doesn't impress me ingredient-wise, and it doesn't impress the dog taste-wise, so I think this will be our only bag of Nutrish.I should probably add that I get my dog food info from the folks at the Dog Food Advisor site - they rate this stuff two out of five stars for several reasons (you can look it up yourself.)  They say that menadione, an admittedly minor ingredient, has been linked to liver toxicity and allergies.  Just FYI.
It is a good dog food but rather pricey. I do not think there is any advantage in chicken over lamb or other meat. My dog does not show any special preference for this dog food either. She eats it as well as any other dog food. For the price i do not consider it any better than some other excelllent Rachel ray brands available. my conclusion is it's not worth paying the extra bucks getting this particular dog food mix.
This dog food is OK, but they stretch the truth by claiming it is "super premium dog food."The ingredients are:Chicken, Chicken Meal, Ground Rice, Corn Meal, Soybean Meal, Poultry Fat (preserved with mixed tocopherols), Corn Gluten Meal, Brown Rice, Oatmeal, Dried Plain Beet Pulp, Natural Flavor, Dicalcium Phosphate, Salt, Calcium Carbonate, Dehydrated Alfalfa, Dried Peas, Dried Carrots, Dried Tomatoes, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Olive Oil, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, Iron Oxide, Dried Parsley, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), Mixed Tocopherols, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of vitamin K activity), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic AcidSo, some of the ingredients are good, like the chicken and chicken meal.  There are also some fillers in here, like corn products which are of no value to a dog.  Also soybean meal and beet pulp, eh - fillers.  Salt?  Absolutely not necessary.  The fat source is non-specific (poultry) instead of specifically chicken, etc., although it is preserved with mixed tocopherols, which is good). Some of the other ingredients are good, like the dried veggies.So good yes, maybe even slightly above average as far as some good products like veggies, but there's just as much bad as good in it, so it is NOT premium or "super premium."As far as appearance, it is an average size kibble, good for small and medium dogs, as well as large dogs, although a big dog may prefer a larger kibble.
I initially liked the idea of this dogfood because it is meant to enhance the animals' nutrition. Unfortunately, out of four dogs, only one of them shows much interest in it.I have three little dogs and one very large one -- it's the large dog which decided to eat this food, not that she exactly warfed it down. Up until now they have been eatingPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-PoundandGravy Train Dry Dog Food 35lb, both of which they all love.So I must sadly report that, while I love Rachel Ray's people food, her dogfood isn't so great.
My old dog is 15 years old and on prescription Royal Canin food, however I have yet to settle on a diet for my new puppy.  He had already been through a bag of Blue Buffalo Puppy Chicken, and Blue Buffalo Puppy Lamb and Rice, and Science Diet Healthy Puppy.  We tried the Nutrish Chicken and Veggie and here is what I feel.The main ingredients don't scare me.  The Top 10 listed ingredients are: Chicken, Chicken Meal, Ground Rice, Corn Meal, Soybean Meal, Poultry Fat, Corn Gluten Meal, Brown Rice, Oatmeal, Dried Plain Beet Pulp.Nothing in here frightens me, I also didn't see any fake dyes hidden in there.  I liked that the meat and veggies were from actual meat and veggies.  I also like that this is made in the United States - which means that the ingredients should be well regulated.  I also liked that according to the bag some of the purchase price goes to a rescue.So as someone who works as a Vet tech - I have no issue what so ever with feeding this food to my puppy.  Why am I not rushing out to order it? Because my puppy doesn't really like it.  He eats it but has little interest in it.  This is nothing against Rachel Ray - he also HATED the Blue Buffalo Lamb and Rice.  So for him we will be going back to the Science Diet (which he seems to like the most) but again that is only due to his little quirks.  This is a healthy food so if it is not outrageously priced, then I would tell people that it is an excellent choice for feeding their animals.
My dogs love this food, they gobbled it up. I researched the ingredients after they began eating it, instead of beforehand like I should have done. It didn't get good reviews on a few dog food rating sites that investigate the ingredients of most dog foods. While chicken is the first ingredient on the list, they pointed out that the actual amount of chicken in the food wasn't very much. Apparently a large part of the protein comes from plants instead of the chicken. Also, the beet pulp is a cheap by-product from the sugar beet industry and is a cheap filler. It can irritate the stomachs of some dogs, so dog owners should be aware before they try it.This is rough to say, but sometimes a sign of dog food quality is in what comes out of the dog, not just what goes in.  Since eating this food, my dogs poop a lot more frequently. Their poop is large, smelly, lighter color than it should be, and so soft that it's hard to clean up from the lawn. When they eat high quality (and more expensive) food, their poop is small, firm, not smelly, and easy to clean up. They also don't poop nearly as much. It must be all of the grains and fillers running through their systems.I think I'll save this food to give as treats, just a few pieces a day. They'll enjoy it that way and I won't have to worry if I'm doing the right thing by switching to this brand.
These biscuits are advertised to "clean" your dogs teeth.  My dogs were very happy and willing participants in the experiment.  They loved the biscuits (but frankly... if it comes from a human hand, they will gulp it down even if it were garbage... they're dogs... that's how they're wired).However, after using these, I couldn't really tell a difference in the cleanliness of my dogs teeth.If you want to give your dogs a treat, these will work great.  However, don't expect them to replace regular cleanings at your dogs at the vet.[NCJVR]
Hartz isn't the brand that comes to mind when I consider 'quality' dog treats, and I wasn't sure mine would eat them.  My "small" dog weighs in at 25 lbs, and these biscuits were just right for her.  Her big sister, at 65 lbs, did also have to chew them before swallowing. I also tried them on my boss's crew of 5 miscellaneous dogs, and they all ate them except the one who won't eat anything. I wouldn't put much faith in their effectiveness as teeth cleaners though.As a "dog mom", I was not impressed with the ingredients.  These biscuits had far too many ingredients that just didn't measure up as "health encouraging" to inspire much faith on my part.  I can find treats that are far healthier, and chews that are far better as tooth cleaners than these biscuits do either one.All in all, its a 3 star ho-hum product.  Nothing to get excited about, and I won't be excited enough to seek them out at the store either!
I love the idea of this dog treat, that it cleans teeth and freshens breath.  However, to get the maximum effect of that, the box suggests feeding him two bones a day every day for the cleanest teeth.  I normally don't treat my dog that often, because I don't think it's that good for him and also the cost of treats.  I'd have to buy a box a week to keep up with that!  But as to the taste of it, my dog was very unappealed by it.  He still ate them, as he is a dog afterall, but he would put it down and come back to it and work on it almost in the way he does actual dry bones.  I just think it lacks the taste and therefore his interest.  He much prefers tastier treats as he gobbles them up or spends his time gnawing on his bones. But I still give 3 stars as it does seem to help his teeth and breath!  Now if they could just make it more appetizing.  My guy is not, by far, a picky eater, so if he's pickin' there's a problem!
I have 2 dogs, a sheltie mix and long haired chiauaua, I will say that the "LARGE" size biscuits were way to big for both of my dogs so I broke the large biscuit in half and gave each dog a piece of it. The dogs loved them! In fact I went to my front door to get the box and normally my dogs don't get excited about boxes. But this time I guess they could smell the treats inside because they both went crazy! I'll say that the box is bigger then I expected, contains approx 16 biscuits. The "serving size" on the box I'm not sure about as it says "for best results give 2 twice a day. If my math is right they want you to feed your dog a total of 4 of these a day and at that rate the box will last 3 and a half days.  If the treats were healthier and not so much filler I wouldn't see a problem with this IF it really helps the teeth, but with it being mostly filler I couldn't see feeding my dogs 4 of these every day. They are a good treat every now and then, but certainly not to be used as an on-going dental treatment because you would go through 2 boxes a week and at the current price it would be about $48 a month and that is just for 1 dog. These in my opinion are purely TREATS and not dental supplements. I will be submitting a picture of my dogs with these treats if you would like to see how excited they were when I got them out! I rated these at 3 out of 5 simply because of the healthiness of these compared to the "recommended serving." As far as my dogs go, I think they would give it a 5.
I got these treats for my extra large Chihuahua who will eat anything.  She wasn't a fan of these.  Whenever we decide to give her a treat we ask her if she wants a "snackee" & she gets very excited.  She'll run in circle & stand on her hind legs.  When we gave her this for a "snackee" she just looked at it, smelled it & then looked to us like we were joking her.  We left it there & she looked at it again & smelled it & then chose to walk away from it.  This dog turns down nothing except for lettuce.  After it sat there for about 30 mins I put it in her dog dish & about 6 hours later she decided to get it out & contemplate eating it for about 10 more minutes before she decided to finally try it.  She did finally eat all of it but we know she wasn't big on it because the next couple times we gave her one it was the same routine, it sat for hours before being eaten.Her opinion is that she's not big on them & wouldn't recommend them but if given one she'll eventually eat it to make it go away.
My dog enjoys this food however for the price I would never purchase it. I am not someone who feeds my animals high cost food that has the same ingredients listed iin the same order that the lower costs one do.
When evaluating dog food, I look for quality ingredients sourced and manufactured in the United States, few if any additives, dyes or preservatives, intuitive packaging and of course, palatability to my pets.The bag, while easy to open, did not reseal so I wound up transferring the bulk of the food to a covered bin. The food consists of two types of kibble, a triangle and a little wrinkly piece which I believe is the chicken. The kibble was manageable for both the German Shepherd and the significantly smaller Chinese Cresteds. They ate with less enthusiasm than other foods, with a decided preference for the wrinkly bits. Although  the product description indicates that the kibble is a mix of hard and tender pieces, both types seemed equally crunchy. The kibble has a light, inoffensive grainy aroma. It is not noticeable unless you hold it up to your nose for a whiff. While chicken is the first ingredient, this food contains corn, wheat, corn gluten and soy. Not necessarily deal breakers but not what I would expect in a premium food.While it is clear that the product is manufactured in the US, it is not so apparent where the food is sourced. Additionally, it contains menadione sodium bisulfite complex, a synthetic form of Vitamin K which is a subject of debate in canine nutritional circles. I contacted customer service regarding those concerns their response follows:All  Purina Pro Plan brand dry dog food, wet dog food and dog treats are proudly manufactured in Purina-owned facilities in the United States.  The vast majority of our ingredients used in our products are sourced from the United States. As with other food companies, we do source a limited amount of ingredients from China.  These ingredients, which are primarily essential nutrients such as taurine and B vitamins, are not commonly available in the US or other countries in the quantities needed.Responding to your concern relating to Menadione Sodium Bisulfite, the basic story about the dangers of Menadione has emerged at various times during the past decades as something of an urban legend in the pet food industry.  It is not research based.In fact, numerous research studies and nutritional textbooks have identified Menadione as a safe and effective means of providing the important nutrient Vitamin K to pets.  Menadione has been commonly used in pet foods for approximately 25 years with no documented negative health effects.Menadione is a stable source of the essential nutrient vitamin K.  Vitamin K is required for the synthesis of a number of body proteins, most notably the proteins responsible for normal blood clotting.We hope this information is helpful. Please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions.  Again, thank you for contacting Nestl&eacute; Purina PetCare Company.I currently feed my dogs Fromm's which is quite expensive but nutritionally superior. Comparatively, this is a fair to middling food with a fairly high proportion of grains and plant proteins. The dogs seemed to enjoy it and suffered no negative side effects such as digestive upsets and the like. Customer service is responsive and the food is readily available at amazon and at most major retailers. I might use this in a pinch but probably won't change from the pricier premium.
my dogs do not go nuts over this but understand dogs can have different tastes etc.The texture is odd..not sure if its the shredded part or because it seems like it was banged around a lot during shipping. It was not packed well at all..just the bag inside a box that was not much bigger than the bag do it seems to be smashed up a bit..will give a long term review to see if my dogs still have a nice shiny coat, good muscle tone etc...
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially from food. He can also be a bit of a picky eater so finding the right mix can often be difficult. While he loves just about any treat, but I always have reservations about trying new food. Unfortunately, a large majority of popular dog foods today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new food so here are my thoughts on Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula; 18lb Bag;Pros+ Dog loved it and gobbled it up quickly with no fuss.+ A few healthy and helpful ingredients such as vitamin A & E, Omega 6 and glucosamine.+ Some moist and tender food chunks along with the kibble.Cons- Kibble may be a bit too large for smaller or older dogs.- Filled with a number of questionable ingredients for your dog such as Soy, Chicken by-product, wheat, and corn.- My dog had digestive issues after eating this.- No way to reseal the bag after opening.- Not Grain Free.My dog seemed to enjoyed Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula; 18lb Bag.  He was of course extremely excited when I approached with the bag (as he is with every new food) and quickly ate the half cup I mixed into his bowl.  His current food isNutrience Grain Free Dog Food, 18-Pound, Ocean Fishwhich he really enjoys.  It's a much healthier food for him compared to Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula.  Currently I'm still mixing the two foods and will continue to do so until the Pro Plan is gone.  Although the price is much lower (which would make it easier to purchase on a regular basis), I feel the savings wouldn't outweigh the cost of unnecessary veterinary visits due to allergies and infections caused by questionable ingredients in this food.  If you're willing to pay a little extra for your dog's food in hopes of keeping them happy and healthy, then you may want to pass on Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula; 18lb Bag.
The dog liked it and did not have any adverse reactions, but I do not like so much corn and wheat fillers. Chicken is the first ingredient, so that is a huge plus over almost all of the bags of food you will find at the grocery store or kmart, Walmart, etc, but after the chicken is a bit more &#34;stuff&#34; than i'd like to see. It does have a decent amount of vitamins in it, though. Overall, it's not bad, but it's not the best either. The subscribe and save price here at amazon, as I am writing this, is a good price for this quality level and size bag.
My dogs loved this despite the gas.  I normally feed grain-free diets and mixed it in slowly.  My picky eaters loved this, so it gave them a break from their &#34;normal food.&#34;
This is a curious dogfood. My dog is picky about his food. He gets homemade organic dogfood, so he won't eat just any kinds of dog food. He was lukewarm at best to Purina One dryfood. Yet, he approaches Purina's Beneful with gusto.Having said that, I do not beleive this is an acceptable type of dogfood. I like to have dryfood on hand in case of a power outage, etc., but feeding dryfood every day to my dog yield in complications (anal gland issues).
How do you review a dog food that you aren't even going to taste yourself?  Being scientifically accurate, I brought four dogs to the (figurative) table:  two Rat Terriers (Riley and Hawk), a Doberman (Halle), and a Brown Lab (Polo).For testing purposes, I (really, I did!) set out four bowls.  My idea was to let each of them take a choice of the four:  Beneful by Purina (this product), Chef Michael's Sirloin (fancy stuff), Kirkland Lamb & Rice (their regular food), and strangely enough, dry cat food which seems to be a hit with all of them (they obsess over it).Each dog had a turn.  I'm not sure if it was the look of it, because it looks like a real pot roast dinner, but Chef Michael got woofed down the fastest.  They didn't even look at the Beneful or others.  I don't think dogs see in color, so am convinced it wasn't the colorful kibbles.  My testing problem was that trying to take each dog away and put them aside to let the other dogs have a turn at the taste test was fraught with danger. They did NOT want to give up the CM.  The Kirkland and the Beneful didn't warrant any interest, even when Chef Michael's was gone and those were the only options.  The Beneful was the most colorful and interesting "looking", but it didn't make them appear interested. Even the cat food that they usually go for (probably just to get on the cat's nerves) sat unnibbled.As far as the next day, there was leftover Beneful, so the blue jays that look for freebies were checking it out. They liked it.  I don't think it's a bad dog food, but given the options, they were just not interested in Beneful (although I like the commercials!).One thing that bugged me (slightly) was that I was told that both corn and oatmeal make dogs coats itch...not sure if that's true, but Beneful seems to make a big deal out of their veggie ingredients.  Dogs are carnivores.  I couldn't help but think maybe the bag and advertising was intended to impress people with the ingredients, rather than the dogs.  They've been eating this since the Chef Michael ran out, and I didn't notice any itching, and I also didn't notice too much doggy doo-doo, which often is excessive with cheap dog food.  So I would think it's a quality product, just not in comparison.An unexpected treat is that when you order dog food online, if it's Prime shipping it shows up quick and shipped free...so no lugging it from the store.  I like that convenience of that, and plan on putting dog food on a subscription plan on Amazon so that I don't have to run out when when we frequently run out.
My brother and I have an ongoing dispute about what is best to feed dogs.  I maintain, quality in will result in fewer illnesses and vet bills. My dogs usually eat Innova or Fromm.I rarely go to the vet for anything other than wellnes visits and shots. He thinks that the cheapest is fine. His dogs always have ear infections and are a bit on the pudgy side.Enter Beneful.  My brother thinks it is a high quality food brimming with meat and vegetables.  I was not so sure.  If you look at the bag, it would seem he was right but the ingredient list tells another story.  The primary ingredients are ground yellow corn, chicken by product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour and beef tallow.  Yes there is some real beef and much further down the list are carrots and peas. Not exactly the appetizing mix pictured on the bag.The kibble itself has a pleasing appearance.  With no discernible odor, it comes in a variety of shapes colors and textures.  The dogs love it, which is probably not a resounding endorsement as one of them will reguarly clean the cats litterbox if you are not careful.  But in fairness, they do gobble it with great enthusiasm and even try to open the bag to get seconds.The bag is one of the best things about this food.  It has a plastic slide zip which not only works smoothly but keeps the food fresh and safe from maruading pooches.  It is bright and colorful and the 15.5 pound size  is easy to handle.I guess in someways it is like letting your kids go to McDonald's.  An occasional meal won't kill them, but it is not good for everyday.  I will go back to my expensive premiums and use the remaining kibble as training bits.  My brother however, thinks it is great because all the dogs dive into it with unbridled enthusiasm and it is significantly less expensive.  For what it is worth I have a one year old Geraman shepherd and two 3 year old Chinese Cresteds.  He has a 6 year old shepherd, an 18 yr old schnoodle and a three year old chow mix.If you are concerned with convenience the packaging makes this product ideal.  However if you are seeking a high quality food for your pet, I would look elsewhere.
The nutrition quality on this food isn't good enough that I would be happy actually feeding it to my dog as her primary food source. She does seem to like it, though, so I've been giving it to her a little at a time as a snack when I need her to eat just a little bit of something. Since it's different from what she usually gets, she seems to think of it more as a treat and she'll munch on it when she might ignore her regular food.The way it's packaged is nice, particularly due to the resealable zipper.In short, if I were actually treating this as a primary part of a dog's diet, it would be two stars at most. As an addition to my dog's diet in small quantities, she's willing to eat it in spite of being very very picky, so I'll bump it up to three.If you're actually looking for a primary food for your dog, on the other hand, I would definitely suggest looking for something that doesn't have corn as its first ingredient, doubly so if there's any sign your dog might have an allergy (skin irritations, frequent ear infections, that kind of thing).
PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound I just opened the Beneful Adult Dry Dog Food and the dogs love it. They don't realize what is in it, they just love the taste. Beneful adult dog food does have protein from real beef. It also has a lot of vegetables such as corn, tomatoes and spinach, plus oatmeal, grains, iron and calcium for strong bones and teeth. They really like the chewy "meaty" chunks. The ingredients list ground yellow corn first which means that is the main ingredient, then chicken by-products. I would like to see meat as the main ingredient and less flour and vegetables. It is a OK product because the dogs love it.
I consider Purina a reputable brand and my golden retriever really likes Purina Dog Chow, so this seemed like a healthy alternative. My dog ate the food and did end up finishing the bag, but I could tell she didn't love it. After mealtime, she would sometimes leave some of the food in her bowl, which usually doesn't happen. The food doesn't have a strong odor, either good or bad, so maybe that's why it wasn't overly appealing to my dog. I'm sure some dogs would love the food, but it wasn't a favorite for my large dog.
I try to feed my wolfhound the more expensive foods which are higher in natural ingredients and generally feature healthier ingredients, but she tends to like the "cheap" stuff. Had been meaning to try Beneful for awhile as the picture on the package makes it look as though it is full of healthy ingredients!Unfortunately the kibble is composed of the following ingredients--most prominent listed first:Ground yellow corn, chicken-by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, beef tallow preserved with mixed-tocopherols (source of Vitamin E), rice flour, beef, soy flour etc. etc.  In other words there are a lot of fillers. Very little true meat or even vegetables.My dog does like this food. I tend to feed a combination of raw, healthy and less healthy. So basically she gets two cups of the "good" kibble (high in natural ingredients and meat content), one cup of the cheaper stuff to keep her interested in her meal and for the morning feed yogurt, cheese and green beans are added and for the evening meal she gets meat, rice and fresh veggies mixed with the kibble.I would not feed Beneful "straight" to my dog, but mixing it pleases her taste buds and the healthier stuff pleases me knowing she is getting a mostly high quality meal.
I have two dogs.  I like their food to have good wholesome ingredients, but heck, I'll settle for food they both will eat.  My wowser is terribly picky from treats to food he picks and chooses and even if really hungry, will go hungry rather then eat.  Well, Jack wouldn't eat the Beneful unless I ground up nature choice duck meat over the top of it.  So for me, it was one more step I had to take to get him to eat.  My other dog ate without hesitation or reservation.  The food seemed midland for healthful ingredients.
There are 4 different nuggets in here.  The 1/2" red one is soft and looks like a piece of beef, the 3/4" x 1/2" orange one is hard and looks like a Mickey Mouse head, the 1/2" green one looks like a pea and is soft, and there is a 1/4" x 1/3" tan one that is hard.  My dogs don't care.  Mom is giving them candy and that's all that matters to them.My vet says this is like giving kids sugary cereal.  Of course, the dogs love it, but is it good for them?  It's good for treats and training because it tastes so good.
My Dobie is 5 years old and has been eating dry dog food twice a day. Most of the time he will not eat the dry food unlesss I enhance it with some canned dog food or some table scraps or sprinkle some cheddar on top. I have been buying the top of the line (expensive) dry food that is made in the USA. My previous Dobie died of food poisoning from food made in China so I am very careful about what I feed my current pet.I opted for this Beneful because I have not seen any articles lately about a Purina recall due to adverse results from using their products. When the product arrived I set the box on a coffee table and opened it to remove the bag of food. My Dobie, Max, was standing near me and when I opened the lid of the box he reached in and started to sniff the bag. This was strange behavior for him. I took  out the bag of food and opened it. I would like to point out that the bag opens by using a zipper. I had not seen this on bags of food before and should be a requirement for all dog food producers. Anyway, when the bag was opened Max went nuts and hopped around excitedly. I reached in and got a handful of the food and held it out to him and he inhaled it. I did this a couple of more times and he continued his inhalation. He has never done this before with any dry dog food.The next morning I mixed a cup of his regular food and a cup of Beneful and he immediately downed the entire serving. I cannot explain what it is in the Beneful that turns him on. I am not an expert dog food nutritionist so I don't know if it is a non-nutritional ingredient that tickles his fancy or something actually healthy.I searched the web, including the Purina site, for any information regarding the source of Purina dog food. I could find nothing. I also thoroughly scanned the Beneful bag to locate the name of the manufacturer but no such information is provided. This really bothers me that Purina is ashamed to reveal the source of its products. I have given this Beneful 3 stars because although Max loves the food I don't know if it is healthy. I will keep a very close eye on Max and if I see any change in his behavior as far as droopiness or inactivity or whatever then I will discontinue with the Beneful. I deducted two stars for the gutless lack of forthcoming information by Purina.  I will not buy any Purina products because of their secrecy of manufacture policy.
!!! Animal digest? She does that on her own already, LOL! Does our 14 year old miniature fox terrier really need added color in her food?  The texture is less crunchy so nice for older dogs who may not have the heartiest teeth and the sizes vary. We have blended it in with her TD & LD, also put some in a dish to give as treats. The ingredients I didn't care to see:09. sugar,10. sorbitol,11. tricalcium phosphate,13. animal digest,14. salt,15. phosphoric acid,17. dicalcium phosphate,18. sorbic acid19. l-lysine monohydrochloride,24. choline chloride,26. added color27. dl-methionine,,29. glyceryl monostearate,35. biotin,36. thiamine mononitrate,
We have been feeding this product to our two Miniature Schnauzers for quite some time, they are picky about what they eat; Beniful has been on their approved list for some time, they do like it.  However after reading a few of the reviews on this product I felt compelled to pick up the bag and read the ingredients.  I'm not too impressed----animal digest, what is that?, sugar---hmmm, food color, loads of corn meal etc. and then the preservatives which I do understand.  I'm sure it has become a science of manufacturing to create a product that most dogs will like at the cheapest cost to make.  Our dogs have always done well at their annual physicals, so I know there is adequate nourishment in the product, however, I now think there are better and more healthful products available, probably at a premium price, ingredients that would include a higher percentage of meat and poultry and less corn and grain.Do the dogs like this?  YesCould Nestle improve the ingredients?  YesWould I purchase again?  Not SureIs this a bad product?  I don't think so, could just be better.Is there a better product at this price point?  I would really like to know!Just a thought:  Kids like candy, doesn't mean it's good for them!
My dog eats it but he is not running to the bowl like he has for other dog food that i have given him.  The food isnt too bad smelling and the packaging is nice.  But will not buy for my dog when this bag is done.
All three of my dogs absolutely love this food; I really don't understand why but they like it more than much healthier foods I also feed them (maybe it's like doggie junk food.) The ingredients are packed with grains instead of meats and vegetables so it is definitely not the best thing for them; I have taken to mixing this with better food and my dogs now clean their plates (bowls). The food is very affordable and I like the ziplock packaging so it keeps fresh.
With a soft and hard combination of varied shapes and colors (colors for dogs?),PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Poundis an average priced dog food manufactured by a large established company that has finally created a good resealable package for average dog kibble.  Our dog will eat the food, but because it's not the best for her nutritionally, we're donating it to a shelter.  For dog owners who aren't familiar with the recommendations of most vets, don't change the food you give a dog suddenly, but mix it with the food they usually eat until it's well-tolerated.  I'd recommend purchasing the food in a smaller amount to be sure your dog likes/tolerates this one.  For a dog with sensitivities, I would not recommend this product because it contains many, many ingredients.  I  do really like the resealable bag.
Our dog gave Beneful a try.  The label says whole wheat grains, real beef, accented with vitamin rich veggies, with moist chewy chunks.  I liked the quick zip for freshness zip lock top.  That was a nice feature for such a big bag that took some time to get through.  I also liked the photo of the food on the front to give me an idea of what to expect inside.  The moist chewy chunks look a bit like play-dough but our dog didn't seem to mind.  There were plenty of dry chunks, which I prefer to feed our dogs so they have something to work on keeping their teeth clean.When I fed it to our basset hound, she lost weight and her coat got kind of dull.  I mixed it in with her current food for the transition, but when I noticed her weight loss, ended up feeding her an extra cup more each day to compensate.  Her coat got better eventually and overall looks pretty good now.  She seemed to enjoy the food and had no trouble finishing her meals.  There were no intestinal issues during the transition which has troubled her during other food samplings. Overall, with the increased amount of food given, we thought it was an ok product.
My gulp-and-go boys thought it was great, but they think that about anything that's not moving much.  The littlest one will even eat celery, so you can't take their taste as a guide.  (Plus, his stomach is too tiny for big dog food, and I saw it again, in the wrong direction.)I rather wonder about all the color--that's for me, not for my dogs.  Ditto the shapes.  Supposed to make me think each little bit of not-crunchy kibble is nutritionally different?  Zip lock packaging maintains freshness, I suppose, and is, in this dog family, a PITA to use.My life takes me to the feed store often enough that delivery doesn't offer any real benefits.My picky eater will go back to getting a spoon of canned food on the kibble when we don't have table scrap to enhance her dogfood, and the chow hounds won't miss the fancy colors and shapes one bit.
Purina Beneful must be one yummy dog food - my papillon loves the stuff.  There are crunchy bits in there, there are chewy bits in there, there's a fun mix of red, green, yellow, and brown bits in there, and all in all, the stuff doesn't stink too badly (well, human standpoint).  However, if you read the label, this stuff is like feeding your family tv dinners or powerbars all the time.  Nutritionally, it's lacking.First off, the first few ingredients are ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, and beef tallow preserved with mixed-tocopherols.  So you have ground corn, reject chicken bits (head, feet, entrails, lungs, spleen, bones, possibly feathers), corn gluten meal (a natural herbicide...edible, but not particularly palatable), wheat flour, and rendered beef fat.  Now, the "great tasting protein from real beef and highly digestible egg" don't really show up until 7 ingredients down...and call me crazy, but I don't see a form of egg in the ingredients.  I see lots of preservatives, and peas and corn near the end, but not so much in the egg department.That said, the food is kinda equivalent to fast food or junk food to humans.  Tastes good, looks okay, but if you eat it everyday, you might end up like that guy from Super Size Me.  Would I feed this to my dog every day?  No, unless I'm feeding my dog this with a can of high quality dog food.  Will this hurt my dog to eat this every day?  Probably not, although he does poop a lot more, have stinkier poops, and has to eat a lot more of this stuff in order to meet his dietary needs.  He also gained a little weight because of this stuff, but not a big deal since he's super active.There are a lot better foods out there for your dogs, if you're willing to spend a little more, however this is a nice treat mix.
This is one of the dog foods that people think is healthy for dogs due to its marketing and packaging! Oh it has vegetables on the packaging, it must be nutritious! Sadly its rated at the bottom of most dog food rating sites as far as nutritional value ( but for a one star food a high one star food )..With that said my dogs loved it- I mixed a handful in with my normal Kirkland brand food and it helped enhance their appetites and they wanted more. It's priced fairly high compared to other dog foods of the same nutritional value..In conclusion I try to feed my dogs the best possible food nutrition wise ( without breaking the bank ).. If you want a lot of dog waste to pick up feed lower grade foods with corn meal as first ingredient ( google the importance of first ingrediants ) Beneful might be a good filler food if fed with other higher quality foods if trying to maximize your feeding
Too bad PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food didn't measure up. On the one hand, my dog loves it. He gobbles it up. He has been picky with dog food in the past so it was a relief to find something he would love eat. However, he gorged until the bowl was empty, he became overweight and her dental health suffered. We had to switch to a different brand to keep her healthy.After reading the bag label, it says the first two ingredients are ground cornmeal and chicken by-product. Yuck! That really grossed me out. I don't want my dogs eating this anymore and switched them to a more wholesome brand.
The dogs like this food, butmit makes them gassy and bloaty. If your dogs have a sensitive stomach, I would steer clear of this dog food. It has a lot of fillers and artifical ingredients. I am using the rest of this bag as occasional treats for our dogs.
I've bought this dog food in the past but don't feed it in it's straight form very often to my dogs.  The first ingredient is corn, which is the first ingredient in most crunchy snack foods.  If you feed your dog this as it's main food, it's  almost like feeding your child a straight diet of Doritos.  They may taste good, but they won't keep you healthy for long.  It's not a bad dog food, and there are a lot worse brands out there, and it'll do when money is tight and you need to feed your dog.  Today I saw a 42 lb bag of Purina Beneful at SAM's club for right at 32 dollars.
***One thing I don't like about PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound is the price as offered on Amazon right now.I do like the bag, though.  One reason is there's a photograph of a dog on the front, and that dog looks really startled.  It's kind of arresting, and you find yourself doing a double-take, because you so rarely see a dog look startled, with great big wide-open eyes.  Also, he's wearing a police badge on his collar because he's a police dog.  (Arresting, get it?)Another reason I like the Beneful bag is that Eukanuba, my dogs' normal brand, comes in a paper bag with a grease-proof liner whereas the product under review comes in a sturdy plastic bag, like thick Tyvek, that has a simple zip-type closure with a little handle that works every time.  I like the bag so much that I now store excess Eukanuba in it.  Also, last time I bought a bag of Eukanuba and placed it on the floor of the backseat of my car, a woman backed out in front of me and I had to hit the brakes quickly, which meant that my dog, which was also in the backseat, got thrown forward and ended up falling off the seat where, unbeknownst to me, he placed a foot right into the middle of the Eukanuba paper bag and punched a paw-size hole all the way through both layers, which would not have happened with the Beneful bag.  Imagine my surprise when I pulled the bag from the backseat and strewed dog food pellets all over the car and the garage floor.I was not surprised the dog did not set about snarfing down the food he had liberated from its bag, and here's why.***AD LIB FEEDINGI have successfully fed all my pets, five cats [see update at bottom] and two dogs so far over the years, ad lib, and I strongly recommend you try it.  Ad lib is short for the Latin phrase ad libitum, which means "at liberty" or "at one's pleasure."  Feeding ad lib means you eat as much as you want.The benefit of my pets' feeding ad lib throughout their lives is that I can leave out weeks' worth of food at a time rather than having to measure and dole out portions every day.  From the moment I've gotten each new pet home the first time, I've always made sure there was a huge amount of food available in their feeding vessels.  When they come to realize there will always be more food than they can possibly eat all at once, they automatically regulate their feeding to what they need.  None of those pets ever overfed themselves.If you ration out one day's worth of food a day, those pets will always eat it all up and wait for the next day's feeding, which they will always eat up.  They will quickly realize that the supply of food per day is limited, and they will want to always eat all of it, which means you must then continue to limit their daily portions lest they overeat.  Ad lib feeding is MUCH better.I feed my current dog -- which is also the best dog in the world and I can prove it -- from a tub that holds 30 pounds of Eukanuba.  I feed my current cat -- which is the prettiest cat for miles but socially inept -- from a large emesis basin I stole from my mother's hospital room several years ago.  (Hi, Mom, and I'm glad you didn't need to throw up!)  As a result I have to add dog food maybe once every couple months and cat food every three.  Let's compare ad lib feeding to daily feedings.Whether they feed on rationed daily portions or ad lib, your pets will need you to do the following each time you feed them:1. Locate and haul out the container of the pet's food.2. Open the container.3. Dose out the food into the pet's feeding vessel.4. Seal and store the container of the pet's food.If you perform these steps once a day for one dog and one cat, that's 730 such operations in a year.The way I do it, it works out to only about ten such feedings a year.  That's 73 times better, which is why I say ad lib feeding is better.But, just to make sure you understand, (1) you want to get your pet started on ad lib feeding the instant it gets home, and (2) you want to make sure its feeding vessel never gets too close to empty.  Your pet should always be able to see and smell that there's always more food than it can eat.  As I said, this has worked for me for a total of seven cats and dogs [see update at bottom] out of a total of seven dogs and cats in the sense that none of them has ever overfed.***My current dog, whose name is PheyeG'hdeaux, really prefers Beneful to Eukanuba.  Maybe it's because he got bored with Eukanuba and wanted a change of taste.  You know how if you eat your favorite food for too long even it, your very most favoritest food, starts to pall?  Maybe dogs are the same way.  It seem like they would be.  Cats too, and giraffes and hamsters and monkey-eating eagles, I would guess.  I know my dog prefers Beneful to Eukanuba because when I mxed the two in his tub he actually went to the trouble of rooting through the various pebbles to track down the Beneful ones.(People who've had a chance to observe and learn about PheyeG'hdeaux agree he's the smartest dog ever.  He learned Shake, Sit and Down in fifteen minutes, although to be fair he was trained by Annette, who is and always will be a former professional dog trainer, although to be fair she says she wasn't training dogs, she was training dog owners.  Anyway, to be fair, PheyeG'hdeaux isn't all THAT smart, and the reason I say that is that I beat him a good four out of five times in chess.  I'm all the time having to remind him about elementary things like, "Don't bring your queen out too early" and "Don't forget about capturing en passant."  Sheesh.  None of this has anything to with how good Beneful is or is not, which is why it's in parentheses.)I am concerned that the first ingredient in PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound is corn-based.  Humans don't process a lot of corn well, as you (ahem) might have observed, and I'm just guessing dogs don't either.  (Now I have to tell you about how, according toBartlett's Book of Anecdotes, "After receiving a bad review from Munich critic Rudolf Louis, [German composer and organist Max] Reger wrote to him: 'I am sitting in the smallest room of my house.  I have your review before me.  In a moment it will be behind me.'")  Also, if I may be permitted to continue in this indelicate vein, on Beneful PheyeG'hdeaux's, er, gaseous emissions have a different smell, although I can't say it's necessarily any better than when they're fueled by Eukanuba.  Funny how dog food manufacturers never discuss this particular asspect of the ingredients they choose, don't you think?Finally, as some of you might have come to expect, I have taken the product under review outside the expected criteria such as, in this case, nutritional value and price and convenience and taste.  I can tell you that when you grind up this Beneful into a dust and sprinkle it on a Caesar salad, it remains unimproved.  The salad, I mean.  Same with pizza.And especially ice cream.  Beneful dog food dust is truly awful on almost every flavor of ice cream.  But then, to be fair, so is Eukanuba dust.Also, if you pour some into cereal bowls and serve them to your kids with a spoon and a carton of milk, they will not eat a second bite no matter what you do or say, which is too bad because this Beneful dog food, even at the price at which it's on offer at Amazon right now, is a lot cheaper than the same weight of corn flakes.  And, come to think of it, the main ingredient is the same.Did you figure out how to pronounce PheyeG'hdeaux?***UPDATE OF JULY 27, 2012:Since I wrote the review above, a sixth cat has been added to the list of pets that feed successfully ad lib, so it's eight dogs and cats, not a mere seven.
This Beneful is a rather confusing or misleading product. The company wants you to think this food is healthy for your pet. The reality is though that it is nothing other than a bag of grain and fillers. Sure, many dogs may like it and eat it, but it is not exactly nutritious for them.My dog didn't seem to mind it too much. He didn't seem overly excited by it, but he did eat it. He poked around at it a bit though beforehand.He did have much softer, lighter colored stools too, and went to the bathroom more often. The stools did not look like "healthy" stools. It was more like a step or two away from diarhea. I hate to sound gross here, but it is important to mention.The bag does clearly depict corn and veggies right on the picture on the front, so I guess it should be no real surprise, but it just seems like Purina was almost trying to pull as fast one on the consumer - make the food sound/look healthy and beneficial even though it is no better than the cheapest generic bag you could possibly find. Also, notice how the picture of the ear of corn is so prominent in comparison to the other items - it is because this dog food is mainly corn, as is with most all cheap/generic brands.For some, this may be suitable, but it is not something that I want my dog to eat regularly. I mean, if I was really super tight on cash, and my dog was out of food and Beneful was dirt cheap, clearanced, on sale etc - sure I might grab it to use for a day or two until I could buy him a bag of real food... but as for buying it regularly for daily consumption, it would never happen. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else either unless your vet specifically tells you that your dog needs a corn and grain filled diet because of some serious health issue or something. I've never heard of that happening, but I guess anything is possible.I did give Beneful 3 stars simply because my dog did eat it, so it must not have tasted too terribly bad.
My dog always gobbles down the first bowl of any new food he gets. After that though, its all downhill and within a couple days he doesnt bother with it anymore. This purina beneful was no exception.So if you have a picky dog like mine, be warned. but all dogs are different, so i recommend you try a smaller size of this first; maybe your dog will like it and eat it consistently.
So, the nutritional properties of Beneful are there for you to decide of your own volition, but as for a dog food my dogs like, this is it. I mixed it with Taste of the Wild which is grain free (and the mixture might be seen as sacrilege for the purists), but the dogs enjoyed it solo and in the mixture. I do notice they eat it by color though. The red kibble bits go first. Actually one dog loves the red kibble bits so much she dumps the whole bowl to get the red ones. Then goes the green, and finally the brown bits. Not sure what that is about, but it seems to be pretty standard by now. She actually started to growl when the other dogs came to eat before she was done with the red bits.The bag is easy to open and can be zipped closed, which I appreciate. The kibble size is relatively small, so for my mini doxies, it is pretty perfect. My sister's yellow lab came by, though, and I am fairly certain he didn't even have to chew- just inhaled and the bowl was empty. So I think this food is fine, but nutritionally questionable...
Fifteen pounds of dog food -- and a Yorkie who suggests I keep it in the bag where it obviously belongs.  In her defense, I should add that this is a dog who has been raised on dry dog food (and the occasional bit of cat chow and hamburger when she can snag a morsel), so her opinion is not based on the difference between kibble and canned food.Looking at the ingredients, I am not surprised at her lack of enthusiasm.  The first ingredient is yellow corn meal, with corn gluten meal coming in at third place.  Chicken byproduct meal is also in the top ingredients.  And I'm still looking for real meat -- the kind that dogs go for.  Certainly, this product has lots of vitamins and minerals, plus fish oil, so there are ingredients to be pleased about, but, on the whole, those vitamins and minerals won't do much good if the dog goes on a hunger strike.  So it's back to the expensive stuff for this Yorkie.  Glad she doesn't eat like a Great Dane!
I work at a vet clinic so I hear daily conversations about the positives of a healthy meal for your pets.  For Dogs you want a high protein, low fat diet.  Now granted there are always tales of the dog that lived off of supermarket brand food that lived to be 20, but more often than not I find that the people who spend a little more to get a higher quality food spend much less in the veterinary office.When the bag arrived my dog was thrilled to death because he knew it was obviously for him.  With the primary ingredient being a corn meal I was not a happy mommy.  I also looked and a true meat product was not to be found in the first 3 ingredients on the bag (a sure sign of junk food).  I let him eat the kibble any way, which is full of various shapes and colors (please, dogs don't care about the color of their food - don't put fake coloring in my doggie's dinner).  It also had a strong odor to it that I didn't care for.  The odor enticed my doggie right in but after a few days he seemed completely disinterested in the food.Although I don't like the food, and after the novelty wore off neither did my dog - I did like the bag which contained a FUNCTIONAL zip to close in order to keep the food fresh. Congrats on the great bag, now please work on a better healthier formula for the kibble contained within.
It is really hard to rate dog food because I am not the one eating it.My dog is used to Purina One...  lamb or chicken.Beneful is much more colorful.  It doesn't have a particular odor.  It is softer than the food I am used to.  My mixed terrier has been slow to take to this.  This may say more about my dog than the Beneful...  He loves treats and I was sure he would see this as a treat with all the shapes and colors (ok...dogs are color blind but)I think dogs are slow to change what they are used to so I wouldn't take this as meaning your dog won't like Beneful.  Nutritionally, it looks like it is good but I can't tell how much of that is marketing.I'll revise if our dog seems to acclimate more to this.
I have two dogs - a large lab mix and a small dachshund mix. I am currently feeding them Flint River dog food, which is very high quality and expensive. (I have no affiliation to Flint River products and there are a few other, equally good dog foods available commercially. Flint River is just the one I can easily get from Amazon.) My lab will eat anything, but my dachshund is very picky about food, preferring human food to dog food. He is not especially thrilled about the Flint River, although he eventually eats it.Purina Beneful Original has small, colorful chunks - some of which are moist and chewy. I was surprised to see that my dachshund actually likes the Beneful, eating it fairly enthusiastically. My lab gobbled it right down, although she gobbles everything right down. I am going to keep some Beneful on hand and add a few chunks to my dachshund's Flint River dog food every night to encourage him to eat promptly, rather than wander around for a while looking for something tastier.Beneful is NOT a premium grade dog food, so I will be keeping my dogs on Flint River (at about four times the price). The ingredients tell the story, which I have listed below. However, Beneful is affordable and my dogs definitely seemed to like it. I would say this is average, adequate nutrition for a dog, but could be a problem for dogs with health issues like diabetes, etc.Nutritional information:Crude Protein (Min) 25.0%, Crude Fat (Min) 10.0%, Crude Fiber (Max) 4.0%, Moisture (Max) 14.0%, Linoleic Acid (Min) 1.5%, Calcium (Min) 1.1%, Iron (Min) 175 mg/kg, Selinium (Min) 0.2 mg/kg, Vitamin A (Min) 10,000 IU/kg, Vitamin E (Min) 100 IU/kgIngredients: Ground yellow corn, Chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), rice flour, beef, soy flour, water, meat and bone meal, propylene glycol, sugar, tricalcium phosphate, phosphoric acid, salt, animal digest, potassium chloride, sorbic acid (a preservative), dried peas, dried carrots, calcium propionate (a preservative), choline chloride, L-lysine, monohydrochloride, Vitamin E supplement, zinc sulfate, red 40, ferrous sulfate, manganese sulfate, niacin, yellow 6, yellow 5, Vitamin A supplement, blue 2, calcium carbonate, copper sulfate, Vitamin B-12 supplement, brewer's dried yeast, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, menadione, sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, folic acid, biotin, sodium selenite.
The dogs were all over this bag and considering my two dogs weigh over 100 lbs each, that's a lot of dog. Opening the bag was easy with a quick snip of the scissors and closing the bag was especially nice as it had a zip lock zipper type closing. The kind with a little plastic tab that lets you slide it close. Nice. The bag was plastic, so the dog food stayed nice and fresh for my pooches while in the bag. Another nice point.I poured out a cup for each of them, both dogs gobbled it down and looked at me for more. Hmm. With their usual dog food they give me a pained look and shuffle over to the bowl with a "I suppose" attitude. So, I checked the bag and no wonder they were all gung-ho. The main ingredient was corn. Thrown in there was a bunch of other stuff that basically made it doggy junk food. I mean, they can live off the stuff, but it's not going to keep them as healthy as something with say MEAT as the first ingredient.I usually feed them the Costco brand of dog food, which by the way is highly rated among those into rating dog food. Don't laugh, they're out there. So, to keep the family canines from giving me the hairy eyeball, I mixed the Beneful in with their usual kibble. They of course picked out the Beneful bits, leaving the rest behind. But you know fur kids. They never know what's good for them. Heck, they'd eat the cat poop out of the litter box if I'd let them. I think we'll be sticking to the usual healthy, yet not as tasty, Costco dog food. But I might throw in someBeneful as a little treat, like on movie night or something.
I had requested this because I expected to get 24 cans as described. With 24 cans it would be possible to make an accurate evaluation of the product. I received only one of the small cans. My Dobie is a large one and comes in at around 100 pounds. One can of this Pedigree is not enough to make a meal so I mixed it in with a cup of his favorite dry food to make a full meal. He ate it all. When he finished licking the empty bowl, as was his usual custom, I said "Max, what did you think of the Pedigree?" He replied that I should not have mixed it in with the dry food if I wanted his opinion of just the Pedigree. Point well taken. Not having another can to sample means that his opinion as to whether this is maybe a good product on maybe not so much will remain unknown.
I have mixed feelings about this particular food. I would not have chosen it from Vine if I had realized it was made by Purina. Because of the problems Purina has had with Beneful, I am currently avoiding all Purina dog foods as a precaution.While Purina has denied the problem instead of addressing it, I can only give this three stars. While Chef Michael's is not included in the food that is suspect, I don't feel comfortable praising it. At the same time, I don't have anything negative to say against it.Three stars - make your own decision.
I won't be buying this brand for my dog.  She's hardly a picky eater so it didn't surprise me when she scarfed this food down immediately. I've actually never seen her walk away from any brand of dog food.  I knew that chicken was the first ingredient so I'd hoped this was a healthier selection for her but I didn't like reading the long list of byproducts that followed the main ingredient.  Even worse to me, despite the description there's little crunch to this food.  I definitely prefer a hard kibble that takes a little longer for my dog to eat and helps to keep her teeth cleaner and healthier.  This brand doesn't help with that at all.  She does like the flavor so I think when I go back to her usual crunchy Science Diet I'll use the remainder of this one for treats.  One last comment: I wish the manufacturer had added a seal to the top of the bag.  That would probably help it to stay fresh longer and also prevent spillage.
I gave this to my dog the other day and he didn't even touch it for over 24 hours. Now he has eaten just a little of it. So apparently it is not his favorite. It's kind of hard to review dog food because just like people, animals have things they just like better than other things. For example, my brother and I both buy our dogs the Milk Bone Gravy Bones. My dog is not so crazy about the chicken (light colored, yellowish) bones. He loves the dark brown and the red bones best. But my brother's dog loves the chicken ones and doesn't like the meat/beef ones that much. So not to say this is a bad dog food. But my dog just doesn't seem all that crazy about it. Maybe chicken is just not his favorite flavor (unless it's real chicken, of course!). So if your dog does enjoy chicken flavored bones and dog treats, then he is probably more likely to enjoy this dog food. My dog apparently is more into the beef and meaty flavors. I will have to try the Chef Michaels Grilled Sirloin Steak dog food nex time.
Before you get confused by the fact this is "Chef Michael's" (whoever that is), realize that it's still Purina, which is one of the worst dog food brands for dogs.  So many negative fillers, so much bad stuff.Granted, this line from Purina is a bit better.  It does have real meats, real veggies, but it still has some of the typical Purina fillers.  Worst of all, it's far overpriced, even in comparison to some of the best brands out there.I'd pass on this one.  Though, my dog did devour it.
It was ok. I cant' say that I thought it was impressive in all honesty. Its a fancy name for a dog food that ... well the dogs ate it but really wasn't special in my humble opinion. I think its a fancy name made to make us think we are spoiling our beloved dogs but really is not better than other products. Sorry but thats the truth.
I have a 1.5 -year-old, 60-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix she loved the food; gobbled it right up.  However, I then did some additional research online and was surprised to discover that this dog food probably isn't the most healthy nor nutritious thing to feed my Joy-Joy.  Also I was very unhappy to discover that it contained artificial coloring this has been known to lead to bladder, and/or urinary track issues.My dog also seemed hungry even if we fed her the recommended amount; 1 cup per 10 pounds (6 cups).I think we will stick withBlue Buffalo Large Breed Puppy Dry Food, Chicken and Rice Recipe, 30-Pound Bag.  Joy-Joy loves the favor and it is what my vet recommended.
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food: The dogs love the beefy taste. The main ingredient is beef, and then it goes downhill from there. It does have a crunchy sound when they are eating it, but I am not sure about potatoes and green beans for dogs. Of course these ingredients are dried products and are way down the ingredient list. As long as the dogs will eat it I will buy it for them.
First of all, my dog loves this food. He is a very picky eater and it is hard to find anything he will eat more than once or twice. There is no problem getting him to eat this.Most of the sites that analyze dog foods do not give Chef Michael's high marks. I always feel a little uncomfortable feeding soft foods to my pets because they just seem so artificial. This food looks so good on the package but...The smell of my dog's usual kibble is much more like food than this. Chef Michael's smells more like chemicals.Of course, the little darling loves it. My solution has been to give him a little Chef Michael's along with his usual food, almost like a treat. It gets him eating and once he starts he usually eats most of what is in his bowl. Because it has been so hard to get him to eat at times, I welcome anything that gets food in his stomach. I am not willing, though, to make this his only food. I will give it to him as a "garnish" for his regular food to encourage him to eat.
Pet products are always hard to review. You can really only base it on two things: does your animal eat it and is it good for them?We tried this food with three dogs. Kozmeaux (Shih tzu - Bijon frise mix), Gator (American Staffordshire terrier) & Grizzy (Husky-Chow mix). The larger dogs, Gator and Grizzy, will eat just about anything you will feed them, so it was no surprise when they enjoyed this dog food. The surprise came with Kozmeaux, who is a notoriously picky eater. He actually liked this food. So, this food passes the taste test.Next comes healthiness. Unfortunately, this food fails greatly in that area. It earns a 1 out of 5 stars from DogFoodAdvisor, with a large portion of its ingredients falling into the "controversial" category. Also, despite beef being listed as the first ingredient, it was found by analysis to contain only a "modest amount of meat", thus earning its one star rating.
My first thought when I opened this bag and read the ingredients is that it doesn't contain corn as its primary ingredient.  Chicken, soybean meal, soy flour and animal fat make up the top four ingredients.  Corn gluten meal and ground yellow corn are seventh and eighth ingredients.  Apparently soy is the new corn.At any rate, of my six (yeah, I know...) dogs, two of them, both boys, went after this stuff.  The four smarter girls stood back and thought "You go, guys!" as they waited for my husband to give them real meat scraps.The kibble is formed into soft and crunchy morsels.  Food coloring is added to smaller round pebbles to resemble vegetables.  Sugar is not listed as an ingredient but garlic oil is.  Garlic in itself is not good for dogs.  There are a bunch of supplemental vitamins and minerals in this stuff that helps give dogs added nutrition, and if the top ten ingredients were healthier ingredients, I'd rate this higher.This food is still healthier than Purina dog/puppy chow which uses corn as its primary ingredient.  So it's nice that Purina offers a slightly better product with this brand.  This isn't bad stuff when one needs cheap, dry dog food in an emergency.
I use these as a treat when I'm walking my sister's dogs or on the days when I'm charged with being a doggy day care center. As such they are great - nice size for carrying in a pouch, and the dogs munch them down readily. Based on the ingredient list, I find them to be a better quality product than most of the grocery store-type dog treats.However, I don't use this as their main food, since it's a bit heavy on the "filler" type ingredients. For their main food I stick with more premium brands that are grain-free and avoid artificial colors.I'll give it five stars if used as a treat (couple of nibbles per day) but only 1 star as a main food source. Average it out to 3 stars.
This is a rather expensive dog food for those of us who have XXL dogs. It doesn't come in 20-40 pound bags, so buying 4.5 pounds for that will last maybe four days isn't cost effective. I decided to try this via the Amazon Vine program.First I will say my dog loved it. She snarfed it right down and then looked at me like "Mom, MORE MORE MORE." However, the dog food itself is heavy on soy, animal fat and corn products. Will I buy it again? Yes! However, that said, I do generally feed my dogs a high quality expensive kibble with some raw food thrown in. I will use Chef Michael's in a mixture of the high quality/expensive kibble and the raw. Due to the smaller sized bags and the high soy and corn content, I would not feed this as the only kibble.My dog, however, would love for this to be her only food!
I'll make this brief. My dogs really liked it (pug and chihuahua), but as a full time food, I probably wouldn't use it. Chicken is the first ingredient but there is a lot of filler. I'll be using a little handful at a time as a treat.Ingredients:Chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, ground wheat, poultry by-product meal, animal digest, oat meal, calcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, salt, natural oven roasted chicken flavor, potassium chloride, dried peas, dried carrots, sulfur, Vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, niacin, L-Lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, added color (Yellow 5, Blue 2, Yellow 6, Red 40), calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, Vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, biotin, sodium selenite. C-5901
Our aging dog has lost several teeth in the past year, so I thought she would love this food.When I put some out for her to try, she walked away from it.Then I tried making a game of tossing the moist food so she would try it.Well ... she would chase it, but wouldn't eat it.She did like the little kibble bits, but wouldn't eat the larger moist pieces.Judging from other reviews, it appears that most dogs love it even though ours didn't.
Animal digest? She does that on her own already, LOL!natural filet mignon flavor?added color:Red 40, Blue 2, Yellow 5, Yellow 6 and other color, does our Bea really need added color?Note the name is Grilled Sirloin Steak `FLAVOR' and not grilled sirloin steak.The texture is less crunchy so nice for older dogs who may not have the heartiest teeth and the sizes vary.We have blended it in with her TD & LD, also in a dish to give as treats.Kibble Crack for our 13 year old ten pound Miniature Fox Terrier.
This is dog food and therefore, I did not consume it myself -- however, based on the colors and shapes of the kibbles, I think Chef Michael assumes that I will.My dogs ate the food just fine -- no digestive issues and no real complaints... but they are dogs... they would eat out of my cat's litter box if I let them.What struck me as a human is how colorful the kibbles are -- lots of reds and greens.  Really?  I'm guessing that isn't natural food color there but added to make the food look more appetizing to humans.  I'm not a natural health food nut by any stretch of the imagination but even the skeptic in me thinks that at a minimum, they are spending a lot of money on the appearance of the food where I would rather know that that money was going towards nutrition.Finally, I can't be sure but I do believe my dogs are actually "passing a lot more gas" since they have been eating this food.  If that is true, that is yet another reason not to use this food in the long run... my house is stinky enough as it is without the contributions of my dogs.[NCJVR]
"A delightful crunchy blend of rotisserie chicken garnished with peas and carrots." sounds great for a dog food, and my dog was sniffing the package and followed me from the door to the kitchen with intense interest. He was more interested in this food than many types of treats he has had. So, if your dog is a picky eater who would lose weight rather than eat a food that doesn't interest it (I have had a dog like this), then this might be a viable choice for you in order for you to get your dog to eat.On the flip side, if your dog has no problems at mealtimes and you want to provide him/her a healthy meal at a fair price, you may want to keep looking. My dog eats 4 cups of his regular food, maintains his weight and energy and has good stools. With this food, he needs about seven cups and a couple more trips outside each day. More food and more waste, because less food/volume is being absorbed by the dog. Less nutrition and more fillers. Pet food manufacturers often split up a filler food into separate types (soy meal/soy flour) so that a meat type will move to first in line of ingredients. First up is "Chicken" which is still generally better than foods that start with four types of corn product or a meat byproduct. This also has poultry byproduct meal, plus 3 soy ingredients, corns, wheat, brewers rice, oat, and 4+ artificial colorings. While it is not the worst dog food on the market, it is certainly not the best, and certainly not at this price point. Your dog will probably love this stuff -kind of like how people love junk food.
Taste Test: I expected this to be a big hit with the dog but in fact, he seemed rather cavalier about it...somewhat more excited than a bowl of plain dry kibble but less than his canned food which makes sense given the fact that this is a moist type kibble product.Tummy Test: We have special needs dogs so always introduce new foods slowly and carefully however, after several days of feeding, this seemed to upset the stomach of one dog. Now, to be fair, he tends to have a delicate stomach and is prone to upset but after reviewing the ingredient list, I think it is probably the soy. It was the only thing immediately different. Frankly, giving a dog soy doesn't make a lot of sense to me...it seems like a far inferior protein source for a dog who is clearly not vegan but a carnivore to begin with.Price Test: Given the price per pound and the stomach upset, I would not be likely to buy this product again. It may be acceptable for a pet less prone to stomach upset but it makes me wonder over the wisdom of the soy.
While the ingredients in this dog food look pretty good, there are suspect things like corn gluten meal, animal digest (ew), and food coloring, so I can't recommend it. She liked it, but it made her poop more often and more runny. We're going back to ProPlan.
The Chef Michael's dog food by Nestle Purina is an OK dog food, but there's soo much better available for similar bucks with wholesome ingredients such as bison, salmon, blueberries and tomatoes. Examples includeTaste of the Wild Dry Dog Food, Hi Prairie Canine Formula with Roasted Bison & Venison, 15-Pound BagMy German Shepherd Dogs took to Chef Michael's much better than toPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Poundbut not nearly as well asTaste of the Wild Dry Dog Food, Hi Prairie Canine Formula with Roasted Bison & Venison, 30-Pound Bagwhich they absolutely love and thrive very well.To my stunned disbelief the bag of Chef Michael's recommends feeding 1 cup per 10 pounds of dog's body weight. 9.5 cups of dog food, per day.. wow... imagine the "landmine waste" they would be producing! I have 95 pound dogs... they only eat at most 3 - 4 cups of Taste of the Wild.. usually much less. The reason being is rather evident in the list of ingredients:  beef, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground wheat, animal digest, pearled barley, calcium carbonate, calcium phosphate, salt, grilled salmon steak FLAVOR, dried green beans, dried potatoes, sulfur, Vitamin E Supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, added color (red 40, blue 2, yellow 5, yellow 6), niacin, wheat flour, potassium chloride, l-lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, calcium panthothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyrodoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, calcium iodate, menodione sodium bisulfite complex (source of vitamin K activity), biotin, sodium selenite. According to the package the Metabolizable Energy (ME) is 3801 kcal/kg, 1728 kcal/lb or 270 kcal/cup.The Chef Michael's customer service is 1-866-738-3663 Mon - Fri 7am - 7pm CST.
The big dog said yup, yup, yup and vacuumed it down.  The little dog looked at it sideways and wandered away, although he did return and scarf some down over the next hour or so.  Yes, I feed them dog food with some fillers, so I can't object to the fillers in this dog food until I look at the price.  Based on the listed ingredients, it appears to be significantly more expensive than comparable dog foods.
Biscuit and DJ obviously love the taste of this dog food.  They don't leave a drop in their bowls and gobble it quickly. In fact they would eat themselves sick!  They don't know when to quit with this food.  Chef Michael has definitely created a tasty meal.  I'm not that thrilled with the ingredients.  The first ingredient is beef and that is good, but too much grain after that.  I prefer more meat and less grain.  But, as for the taste, like I said my dogs can't get enough of it.  I don't think I will buy this as their regular kibble, but definitely for an afternoon treat.
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 4.5 Pound Bagis listed in Grocery and Gourmet as well as the Pet section of Amazon but I would not at all label this as a gourmet item.  I would not rely on this food as a nutritional foundation for dogs and would only either mix it with another more healthy food or would present it as a tasty artificially enhanced treat for training or rewarding purposes in limited amounts, sort of like liver treats.  Our dog likes it and it's a good size kibble for her, but I just can't get behind the ingredient list on the package.  Is Purina preparing for a doggie food channel by creating an imaginary Chef Michael?  If so, I wish Purina would use better ingredients.  If you don't really care about ingredients, then I'd still recommend another option because I think this one is more expensive than others in the same class of dog food product.
Despite the fancy gourmet name, it's generic dog food. Lots of fillers and average nutritional value. Chewy ate it, but for the premium price I would expect higher quality ingredients. As my vet likes to say, "How much corn do you think wolves eat in the wild?" All these grain fillers added to dog food have zero nutritional value for your pet and can lead to pet obesity and digestive problems. Better option is something likeBlue Buffalo Healthy Weight Large Breed Dry Dog Food, Chicken and Rice Recipe, 30-Pound Bag(But get it at your local pet shop for half the price Amazon is selling it for!)
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin dog food is like McDonald's for dogs.  The stuff looks tasty, smells great (apparently), and must taste really good because my papillon practically swallows the stuff whole without chewing.  But, is it healthy?  Not really.  If you read the ingredient list (and read a few of the user reviews), you'll see that this dog food is really not that healthy (or that great of a deal, considering how much more the dog needs to eat in comparison to a high quality brand to get full.If I were judging this dog food just based on favor and reaction from my dog, this would be a winner!  He loves it and sucks the stuff down.  However, if I were judging from the more parental side, I probably wouldn't give this to him to eat all too often just based on the nutritional value.
If you feed your dog Supermarket grade kibble, then this might be a step up for your dog in taste if not nutrition.  Two of my dogs loved it, the third, who has a sensitive stomach, didn't really care for it.  It has nuggets that look like vegetables and others that look like bits of meat although the distinction is purely cosmetic.  The meaty bits are supposed to be tender but they felt as hard and crunchy as the rest of the nuggets.Also, the protein content is pretty high at a minimum of 28%.  I know, we have been told by dog food companies of late, that our dogs crave meat and lots of it.  The truth of the matter is that too much protein can damage your dog's kidneys.  Sadly, we found this out the hard way with our beloved Shiloh.  The pain and expense of having a dog suffer through kidney failure is significant and not something I would want to go through again.  Our vet told us that we should switch to a kibble with a protein content in the range of 18-20% and to get out of the habit of feeding our dogs high protein treats like jerky and pig's ears.  I don't know, but you might want to talk to your vet about it before switching.Now on the other hand, if you feed your dog premium dog food or organic premium dog food, then I would definately not advise switching.  Our vet also recommends organic natural dog food based on a suspected link between preservatives and fillers used in cheaper dog food and certain types of cancer in dogs.  Some articles I've read in various dog magazines have also reported the link between preservatives in dog food and cancer in dogs.  Again, you might want to discuss this with your vet.  Also, FYI I'm suspicious of any vet who tends to only recommend the brand of dog food that they sell at their office.  So, if this happens to you you might want to do your own research on line just make sure your truely getting an unbiased opinion.So anyway, I had been feeding our dogs the "good stuff" for several years but my husband would frequently comment (which in guy speak is like complaining) on the doggy food bill.  He ultimately suggested that we give this stuff a try because, after all, Chef Michael feeds it to his dog.  So I tried it and well, I'm sorry to have to tell you this dear but we're switching back to the premium stuff.
This dog,food is verging on moist. The kibbles are all different sizes. The dogs liked this food (I am beginning to notice they eat almost anything, including garbage). It gave them bad gas. There are still a lot of allergens in thismfood, even though the first ingredient is meat, not meal.
My dog willingly ate this when I first gave it to her.  Now, she turns her nose up at it.  I won't be buying it.
We have used Chef Michael's brand before in other flavors. This was our first try with Oven Roasted Chicken flavor. My dogs have tested them all out, however we still stick to our other brand. I find Chef Michael's to have way to many fillers. Yes, it does contain real chicken - but after that its packed with corn byproducts and other "stuff" Its also loaded with food coloring to give the food the colors. Thats more for human looks as a dog does not care if its different colors.... seriously, why put it in?As far as tastes, my dogs gobbled it up no problem. They also pooped more, from all the extra fillers. You will go through this food fast too, the recommended quantity to feed your pet is almost double that of a better brand that's healthier. (Such as Blue and others) So although it may be cheaper... you go through double the amount and have to buy more sooner... so how much cheaper is it really?We have 5 taste testers here, ranging from small shih tzues, maltese, to golden-doodle and labrador. As far as size of the food pieces all the dogs, large and small had no problem consuming it. We will be sticking with our usual food however, they got a tasty "treat" giving this a testing but thats about all we get out of it.
My four dogs between 10 and 25 pounds and four to fourteen years old just love this stuff.  It comes from the bag moist and fresh-smelling and they gobbled it up.  Beef is the first product in the ingredient list, with soy next.  However, not much further down appears corn, which is not what I want to use to fill the tummies.  I will use this as a "treat", but it will not replace the grain-free and comparably-priced main food source for this circle.
My dog can be a picky eater and she really proved it with this dog food. She literally picked out the Grilled Sirloin bits and left the rest. Luckily my cats aren't picky and they ate the leftovers.This dog food also has some strange textures and smells, at least to my senses. Also as some other reviews mentioned, there is a lot of Soy products in this and that can give some dogs gas.Price wise, it is a little expensive for the size of the bag. For its price, I would want a dog food I know she will eat and that is not this one.
If you put a bowl of this in front of my dog, he will gobble the whole thing up - he really likes, it.  I'm not too sure that is a good thing as, for example, he usually is a self-regulated eater and eats when he is hungry vs. sitting down to what I would compare in human terms of a bowl of buttery popcorn.  I am now only giving him a small portion of this food as a "treat" every now and then and have put him back on his normal, healthier dog food.
My dog **loved** this food. As soon as she smelled it she started barking at me, as I poured it into her bowl. One of my elderly cats even sidled up and tried to steal some of the dog food, and a small food fight erupted momentarily. So for palatability this rates high! I could see this being a successful food for a pet who just normally is not enthusiastic at eating.But let's break it down: the main composition of this dog food? Soy, rice, corn, wheat. If my dog weren't a carnivore, I'd be ok with this. But my dog has allergies, big time, and this food is mostly filler in my opinion. I feed her Blue Buffalo Wilderness (no grain) or else she will develop a bad smell, itch, and have lots of scabs and skin problems.At the end of the day I would recommend this to someone instead of Ol' Roy or some cheap store brand food, but overall I don't like that most of the ingredients are filler grains. I would not feed this unless I absolutely had to. At least I would know that my pets would scarf it down!
My dog is getting old, so he's starting to turn up his nose at his food some days. This food is an excellent stimulant to his appetite -- he has never once refused to eat it, even after several weeks of offering it exclusively. However, it really isn't much healthier thanPedigree Complete Nutrition dry dog food for Adult Dogs, 17lb-- the first ingredient is listed simply as "chicken" rather than "chicken meal" (which would indicate muscle-meat only instead of including the weight of bone) and several of the next ingredients are soy products, which are not an ideal source of protein for dogs. Corn also appears fairly high on the list of ingredients, and corn is indigestible for dogs, meaning it's there strictly as a filler. Finally, if you have a young dog, I would definitely recommend AGAINST feeding this product often -- the soft meat-like pieces, while good for getting a finicky eater to eat, stick in dogs' teeth leading to tooth decay over time unless you're one of those rare owners who brushes their dog's teeth. All in all, I'm going back toHalo Spot's Stew Adult Dog, Lamb Recipe, 4-Pounds-- more expensive, but much healthier and just as good at stimulating my dog's appetite as this food.
My pups enjoyed this food, all 3 liked it.Although the ingredients are not nearly as bad as some other brands, for example, the type with corn as a main ingredient, there is enough on the lable to call it a 'treat', NOT 'dinner'.If they really feel that humans need to see colors in their dog's food, there are many options other than red and yellow dye. A bit of beet juice, a bit of spinach, some carrot or sweet potato...I'd rather see that than artificial colors, colors my dog does not care about.Giving a chunk or two as a treat, or if you have a pup that is super finicky and you need to get them to eat, this might be a good option.Here's something kinda funny....my dog ate all but the green 'peas'! Our pups always make us laugh, don't they?
I use this as treats for my friend's pups whenever I dog-sit for her.  The dogs think it's a great treat and I especially like to use it when I'm teaching them a new behavior.  However, because it's full of soy and corn meal, I consider it doggy "junk food" and wouldn't recommend replacing a higher quality kibble with this, no matter how attractive it is to our human eyes.  But, as an occasional treat, it's fine.  (I use inexpensive grocery store feline kibble for my cats as treats too -- why pay more for a little tiny pouch?) Cheaper food seems to be packed with more interesting flavors than the premium stuff -- grocery story kibble is the bacon and potato chips of the feline and canine worlds.I also toss a little of this kibble around the edges of my vegetable garden at night to keep my tomatoes and cucumbers safe from hungry opossums.
My dog loves this food.  But it isn't healthy enough for me to feed him on a regular basis so I have just kept it for treats.  So, it makes really cheap treats vs. buying regular treats.  But if you are looking for healthy dog food, this does not fit the bill.
I have two dogs - a large lab mix who can and will eat anything, and a small dachshund mix who is very picky and would much prefer to eat people food. I have been feeding them Flint River dog food, but the little one is not especially thrilled with it.Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Steak Flavor (made by Purina) is certainly attractive looking. There are irregularly shaped, soft pieces that look like small chunks of meat mixed with smaller, crunchy, green and gold kibble bits. It is not strong smelling. The size of each bit worked well for my smaller and larger dog.Although it looks pretty good to me, my small, picky dog was no more interested in this dog food than the Flint River he usually gets. He ate it, but only after making sure there was nothing better to be had. The larger dog scarfed it down, but then again, she will scarf anything down.Since my lab is elderly and I know nutrition is extremely important, I will be keeping my dogs on the other food because from the ingredients listed on the packaging, it is a higher grade food. (No comparison intended because Flint River is four times the price of Chef Michael's.) However, Chef Michael's seems to me to be an average, middle-of-the-road dog food that is readily available in most stores and has soft bits that many dog's seem to enjoy. I'm just not crazy about all the ingredients, particularly for dogs who have trouble with weight.Here is the nutritional info listed on the package:Crude Protein (min) 28.0%, Crude Fiber (Max) 3.0%, Crude Fat (Min) 16.0%, Moisture (Max) 12.0%Ingredients: Beef, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of vitamin E), brewer's rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, poultry by-product meal, ground wheat, animal digest, pearled barley, calcium carbonate, calcium phosphate, salt, grilled sirloin steak flavor, dried green beans, dried potatoes, sulfur, Vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, added color (Red 40, Blue 2, Yellow 5, Yellow 6), niacin, wheat flour, potassium chloride, L-lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, Vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, calcium iodate, menadione bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), biotin, sodium selenite.
I chose to rate Chef Michaels Oven roasted Chicken Dry dog food 3 stars because my dog will eat but will also eat paper if I let it. I usually buy Blue brand wild dog food because it doesn't have "fillers" like this brand.Some of the ingredients are questionable; soybean meal, soy flour, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, wheat. Why would you add this to animal food? I don't even eat anything soy or corn because of GMO's.Overall, there are some good ingredients but it would be better to eliminate the "bad" ones out. I will continue to feed my dog Blue Buffalo,Instinct Grain-Free Lamb Meal Formula or Wild or Taste of the Wild Dry Dog Food.
I have 2 chihuahuas.  One is aged 12 and the other is aged 4.  Both of them really enjoy this food but it doesn't agree that well with either of their stomachs.  It seems to give both of them really loose stool which makes them need to go potty more often than they should.The food itself looks incredible.  If I were a dog I'd be thrilled to be given this food.  The big meaty pieces are nice and tender which is good for my 12-year-old chihuahua who only has 2/3 of her teeth left.  This is very easy for her to chew.Although they seem to love it and it looks so well, it may not be the best option nutrition-wise or for their stomachs.  I think it's best for us to just mix some of this in with their other food so that this is not all they're eating.
As far as dog foods go, this is probably more appetizing than most.  It certainly looks healthier than other types we have sampled.  However, one look at the ingredient list told me that unless my dogs went on a hunger strike to get this food, I would never feed it to them.  The ingredients, like so many other cheap foods on the market, include a lot of corn, as well as soy.If you are looking for a food that is appealing to dogs with the convenience of being sold at grocery stores, this will work for you.  If you are looking for something healthy and wholesome, it won't.
My dogs seemed to like Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin dog food, but after reading the ingredients, I realize there wasn't much nutrition. Yes, beef is the first ingredient listed, so that's a plus, but it pretty much went downhill from there.I'm not so keen on products such as soybean meal, soy flour, brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal and ground yellow corn.These are cheap additives that do nothing but make BIG POOP because the dogs really don't digest much of these things. With 2 one hundred pound dogs, I'm not crazy about big poop in my yard. Also, corn does really nasty things to some dogs, dry skin, itchy hot spots and outer ear infections. We're sticking to Costco brand dog food, which is much more nutritionally sound.
My 25 pound mixed breed dog is a picky eater. She insists on variety and will lose interest when fed the same meal repeatedly. I tried Chef Michael's chicken flavor and she seemed to like it for a few days but then stopped eating it entirely. I finished the bag off by mixing it with other food she preferred. Part of the problem is that if you don't seal the bag tightly after each use, the kibble can get hard and probably stale.
I gave this to my dog against my better judgment.  After all we sometimes eat junk food too.  If you have any knowledge of the way ingredients are listed you will notice that there are three different kinds of Soy in this food, I am sure if you add those up it will mean that soy is the main ingredient, not good. They claim it is chicken, not so, in my opinion.I will not even go near the digested meal.  Where is the meat?There is too much corn products in this, I feed my chickens corn and it is not the best for them either but it is whole.May I ask why food coloring?  It has been established that dogs do not perceive color, coloring is for our benefit, I see no reason to put it in our dog's food.Now my dog, I have a very healthy Pug, according to my vet even though he dislikes my feeding him an all raw meat diet.  I like to get some dog food just once in awhile to give as a treat when traveling, it is not easy carrying raw meat as a treat.My dog ate it, not with as much gusto as he does for some other treats. I feel I must say this, most dogs will eat just about anything you put in front of them, they have no clue what is good for them or not. Really, my dog used to eat chicken pooh before I took a stand on that so you see they will literally eat anything, some dogs eat cat pooh.I wish there was some way for us to taste it and know if it is good tasting.  One thing I know from my heart this is not the best food you can give your dog.Sorry Purina I think you will have to try a little harder.
When I first put this in my dogs dish she looked at it like it was a coiled rattlesnake. I pretended to eat a handful and she dove right in. ...."Mama is eating it so it must be people food!"....(dogs are so gullible).I'll admit I was a little turned off by all the "chef Michael....gourmet..grill marks" hype.  I think you could color it green and call it roadkill and the dogs wouldn't know the difference. Yeah, I know , all of the hype is for the purchaser.As for the ingredients, what do I know? The ingredients are listed on the product page if you find that helpful. I sort of think it's like reading the ingredients on "all ground beef patties" then discovering part of the beef is "pink slime". The food is rated 1 star when compared to others which doesn't sound so great to me.I just have to trust that the researchers and developers at Purina know what is good for animals. The little "bean and potato garnish" are a crunchy dry food and the "meat" looking pieces have sort of a rubbery play-dough texture. Maybe a little easier for older dogs to chew.The bottom line: My dog eats it and it seems to agree with her.  She will usually only eat dry food if I mix a spoonful of science diet cat food in it .
I have a 6 pound Chihuahua and her breath is so bad that I can't stand it when she gets in my lap and wants to give me a licky-kiss.  I love that dog like crazy but I have to hold my breath when she gets her head near my head.  We try to brush her teeth with a tiny toothbrush and doggie toothpaste, we've smeared that gel that supposed to help with gingivitis on her teeth that we bought from the vet, but she's real hard to make behave enough for us to do an adequate job trying to clean her teeth.  She doesn't like us messing with her mouth and fights too much. I tried these everyday for a couple of weeks and maybe her breath isn't quiet as bad....I don't think I notice my hair flattening when she's near me as much, so maybe after a month or more her breath may still improve.  Her breath still stinks so it's kind of hard to tell if the Breath Bites are helping or not.
These bites are a little too small for the size of both of my dogs. They pretty much inhaled the treats instead of chewing them... so they didn't much help their breath. Now, on the rare occasion that one of my dogs would actually chew the treat- it did improve their breath. They seemed to like them too. I just think that this size breath bite would be better for smaller dogs. Definitely worth the money if you have a toy sized dog and I would purchase them in a bigger size. Great product other than the tiny size!
So...I don't actually have an aquarium, just a giant fishbowl. This "liquid cleaner" seems more suitable for an actual aquarium where (I'm sure,) the water is more circulated and there is a bit of a "flow" of water. For the smaller scale fish bowl, I didn't notice the intended effects (according to the label on the back) taking place. Nothing was really cleaned out or whathaveyou from the rock bed at the bottom of the bowl. IF one adds too much or adds the cleaner too often, the water WILL become cloudy. Not sure how much oxygen is taken out or how the cleaner affects the pH or anything, but DEFINITELY make sure that this is used for an aquarium, not a large-scale fish bowl where there is no filter, water circulation, or anything "fancy" that a 'typical' aquarium would have.It's not that I don't like this product, I just wasn't able to use it for my intended purpose, thinking it would work the same way for a different kind of "home environment" for my fish.
Although Pro Plan touts &#8220;real beef&#8221; as its first ingredient, and although this is definitely a good thing, it&#8217;s followed by three grain-based proteins (rice, wheat, and corn, respectively), then poultry by-product (i.e., slaughterhouse waste products, anything from bones to beaks), unspecified animal fat (there&#8217;s a reason these kinds of things are kept a mystery, and it&#8217;s not because they&#8217;re so healthy), more corn, soy &#8211; well, you get the idea.  The majority of this food&#8217;s protein is not coming from beef.It&#8217;s not a given that the protein in a dog&#8217;s food must be entirely meat based, nor are grains necessarily a terrible choice for all dogs.  Personally, I prefer to have my dog&#8217;s diet be higher on the meat side and lower on the grain side as I think that more closely mimics a dog&#8217;s natural diet.  I also personally know some dogs, though, who seem to do very well on Pro Plan.My dog had no problems with Pro Plan, although I had to feed more to get the same amount of nutrition, which is not a good thing for my old, sedentary dog (or my clean-up duties).  I consider Pro Plan a solid middle-of-the-road choice, if that&#8217;s what meets your dog&#8217;s and your budget&#8217;s requirements.
I go to dogfoodadvisor.com to get info on dog food. They rate this one as  2 1/2 stars, their second lowest rating.  They say although the first ingredient is beef it is 70/80 percent water and , after it is processed, it moves down as percentage of the total ingredients. Their bottom line is:&#34;Purina Pro Plan Savor dog food is a plant-based dry product using a below average amount of beef, chicken or lamb as its main sources of animal protein, thus earning the brand 2.5 stars.&#34;I only have one test dog, my Aussie.  She turned up her nose at this but I really can't vouch for her street creds.  The only thing she really shows enthusiasm for is the cats blue buffalo salmon cat food.  I even tried getting her Blue buffalo's salmon dog food which is as stinky as the cat food but nooooooo!  It's cat food or nothing.I guess if your dog likes this, and it suits your budget, you could do worse.  You might want to get a smaller bag to try it before you commit to 18 pounds.special alert: Rice has been found to contain arsenic .
I'm very pleased with the simple toggle that sets the brake. I've always had problems with this but this toggle is SO easy! It's made of a solid piece of plastic so if you drop it and it's dragged through the sand and gravel you can't open it up and clean it. The leash is short and seems to be resisting the dog's pull more than that of a Flexi-leash. When my dog ran to the end of it, the flat fabric of the leash curled up and got stuck.
The BAD:  I wanted to love it, but I had one huge problem that I couldn't get past.  Who is it designed for?  The hand grip is very puzzling.  I am a woman with average sized hand and it is hard for me to hold and very uncomfortable for my husband.  I like to hold a retractable leash with four fingers in the slot.  I thought that they all were designed to be held that way, but only a child or someone with small hands could hold this one that way.  I have tried holding it with 3 fingers, but it feels awkward and unstable.  I just can't get used to it.  I can technically hold it with four fingers, but it is uncomfortable and my fingers are cramped in a tight space.  Maybe this should be labeled small for small hands.The GOOD:  The grip is the only flaw that I could find.  It is ironic because without the tiny grip, I would love it and recommend it to anyone.  I like the ribbon style.  I hated the last retractable leash that I owned because the cord felt flimsy and often got tangled.  This one never got tangled.  I am guilty of one thing, my dogs are not all well behaved.  One in particular likes to run as soon as you open the door, then he calms down.  It isn't his problem because he is 9 years old and he grew up running loose at houses with a lot of acreage before we got him.  With this leash, I don't fight him, I just let him do it.  He likes the freedom and I like being able to shut the door before I am yanked off of the porch.  The swivel is cool.  It helps to prevent the leash from getting tangled.  The pattern is cool.  I like the fact that they actually took the effort to make them stylish.  I don't understand the price differences though.  The locking mechanism is effortless.  It winds in and out so fast that I feel more in control.  The length is good because if anything causes your dog to run, they can't get too far for you to get them back safely.  It also feels sturdy without being clunky or heavy.The CONFUSING: What weight is the small actually supposed to be made for?  I see that they recommend it for up to 14 pounds, but I thought it was up to 28.  I used it with two cocker spaniels that are around 20 pounds and a (porky) jack russell terrier that is about 28 pounds.  I had no problems with the weight difference.Basically, if they fix the size issue, this would be a five star item and I would gladly get another.
This leash seems well made and I like the "ribbon" leash instead of the cord type.  The brake works very well and sort of a classy pattern but I have several unanswered questions.!. Why is the opening for the hand so small? I'm female and can fit only three fingers in the handle comfortably.2. Why is there such a big price difference between the patterns?  As much as $10 between some on the same size leash.3. Is this the same quality as the "Bellus" leash sold by Amazon for $14 at the present time? They look identical except for different patterns on the case.4. Why am I asking all these questions when I should be giving you the answers?
This leash looks great (the design is subtle but cool) and works even better (the retractable leash easily extends and retracts and is super-easy to lock, even with a medium sized dog (35 pounds). The design is very solid and feels like it is made to last... so that's why I'm wondering (like other reviewers) why they made the handle so small (only 3 fingers can fit). If they made it a little bigger you could get your whole hand in there and then have more control of the dog, with 3 fingers it can sometimes be a little bit of a struggle if the dog is acting up. Aside from that one criticism (which is pretty important), it's a great leash.
The Good:  My cats like the chews & think they are treats.The Bad: I really can't tell if the chews had any affect whatsoever on any of my cats.  I was hoping that they would help calm the neurotic cat & help him lessen his bad behaviors, but no, there was zero change to the neurosis level.  With my "normal" cats, I could not see that the chews had a calming effect either (winter is winding up & all of the pets are restless - time for some to play outside).These may help your cat(s). Apparently, they have helped other cats.  I will finish the bag, but not re-stock.
My finicky cat does seem to like these quite well, and will readily eat them.  I've given them to her for several weeks now but I can't say I've noticed any change in her behavior.  She lives with two small dogs (smaller than her), and she still terrorizes them every chance she gets.  But they give back as much as they get so I guess the fight is about even.  It drives me nuts though, and there not always a loaded water pistol at the ready.  I was hoping these chews would calm down her need to attack them but so far I see no change.  I'll continue to give them to her and if I see a change for the better I'll update this review.  She seems to really like the chews and are good for a small snack each day.
My dog likes this food just fine, although there is almost nothing she won't eat, so that's not necessarily an endorsement.  I don't actively avoid corn and wheat in my dog's food, although I sort of "passively" avoid them; all things being equal and my budget being balanced in a given month, I'll choose foods that don't contain these.  If you scan the ingredients list, you'll see the Hill's Science Diet Active Longevity contains fairly high quantities of both.  It also contains no "plain" meat, although chicken meal is the first ingredient (and despite its mystery meat connotations, is not really a bad protein source).There is always a tradeoff between ingredients and price, whether you're shopping for your human family members or pets.  At Amazon's price point, this is not a bad choice.  I'm usually more impressed with Science Diet's marketing than with their foods, though, and the Active Longevity is no exception.  However, in all fairness, my dog seems to do fine on it, and I don't feel any guilt pangs about choosing it for her.  In those months when the budget is stretched, I would consider it among my "second tier" choices.
I was expecting the 17.5 lb bag of mature dog food.  Instead I received a 33 lb bag of large breed dog food.  My dog is about twenty pounds so these niblets are larger than what I'd normally feed her.  Still, she likes the taste and the size of the pieces forces her to slow down and eat one niblet at a time (which is probably a good thing).  She normally eats Science Diet Light so I'm not surprised she likes the flavor but it's neither for mature dogs nor light in calories.  I have no problem recommending Science Diet as a brand though I am concerned about receiving the wrong product (and I am not the only reviewer who experienced this problem).  Also, I would hesitate to ever buy a large bag of dog food on-line again.  The outer box was trashed when delivered and the dog food bad inside was ripped (though the food did not spill out into the box).  It looks like the shipper just threw the whole bag into a box with no packing materials to keep it from moving or to firm up the outer carton. So no surprise that both took a beating.  Buy Science Diet but buy it a retail pet food store. You'll get the right bag and it won't be falling apart by the time you get home.
My eldest dog is a 12-year old 40 pound mix with very few teeth, and I have found it difficult to locate a dog food for him that is both small bites and meant for a senior dog without fondling every brand, checking out the size of their nuggets.  I was expecting to receive a 17.5 pound bag of food for a mature dog, but also received the 33 pound bag for large breed dogs. These nuggets are pretty big and the only real way be can eat them (if he cannot chew, he will swallow them whole and these are pretty big) if for me to crush them for him.He seems to really like it, but it can be cumbersome trying to crush them for him, and my other three dogs are ten pounds and under, s I get them toy breed dog food. He is a pretty active rottweiler/beagle mix who sometimes thinks he's still a puppy.
I have 4 dogs, 3 of which will usually eat ANYTHING but only 1 would eat this (though they all seemed to like the shredded lamb pieces.) That along with the grain filler makes me pass on this from now on.
I have a very finicky old dog, and even though the Pro Plan doesn't have the highest quality ingredients, it usually makes up for that in being the sort of food my dog scarfs down with no trouble. Surprisingly, this flavor did not have that same effect as the Beef -- my dog ate it, but much more slowly and with reluctance. At which point, well, it's only a middle-of-the-road dog food in terms of quality, so I won't be getting it again.
Generally I am not a fan of Purina products, but tried out the Purina Pro Plan with my dog. The first thing I did was look over the ingredients. For my 60 lb dog, the recommended feeding amount is 3-4 cups, which sounds about right. My main problem with the food is that the second ingredient is brewers rice, which is a cereal grain. Since there is little nutritional value in brewers rice, I don't see much of a benefit of having it being the second largest ingredient in my dog's food. It also has animal digest as another ingredient, which is purely for taste. It must be working though because my dog does seem to enjoy it (although he would probably eat anything).
Yummy for dogs, but not necessarily good for them, same goes for soy.How about pentobarbital? You know, the stuff used to put an animal to sleep. For the last time.The ingredient 'animal digest' can be wholesome and safe. Or it can contain pentobarbital from the bodies of euthanized animals, as the FDA has found in the past.Purina knows consumers are looking more carefully at pet food labels, and addresses some of the 'hot button' issues on their website. At just a glance, all the words make sense and can really put you at ease.While the ingredients 'CAN BE' from certain sources, the wording seems just sharp enough to give confidence and just foggy enough for concern.So, this food contains good ingredients, and some questionable ingredients. All three dogs really liked it.As an occasional treat, or for a fussy dog that needs calories no matter what, this is fine. Would I now go out and buy a bag?No. Occasional junk food for me is fine. Not for my babies.
I have a 3 month old puppy that is teething right now, so I thought these would be good for him. I thought that, this treats being hard that he would gnaw on them for a while to keep him busy. Nope, he either had no interest in it, or lost interest in it fast. And now, I have these square treats lying around my house.These don't really look like treats, and my puppy really doesn't know what to do with it. He might be too young for these? But, I didn't see an age requirement on the bag. I don't know, these treats remind me of something you would give a hamster, rabbit or gerbil to chew on.I read a lot of review on here saying their dogs just love this and wanted more. My dog acts like I am giving him a rock. He did play with the treat a bit and carried it around the house. But, I don't think he has finished one completely.
These lamb and barley treats have some excellent features. I was impressed the certified organic ingredients, the re-sealable bag, and I like that they are large bones, but are scored so they can be broken in half. Left whole, the treats are good for large dogs, but when broken in half would be good for medium-sized dogs. They seem a bit too hard for small dogs.Our dogs usually like lamb flavored food, so this seemed like a good choice. We have three dogs and each had their own reaction to the treat. Our smallest dog, who usually likes anything, would barely sniff the treat and didn't even try to eat it. The middle-sized dog who is more picky wouldn't eat it at first. After playing with it for a few minutes, he finally did eat it. I'm assuming the smell wasn't appealing to him since it doesn't smell like a typical dog treat. Our dogs are used to a variety of store-bought and homemade dog treats. However, these organic treats smelled like hay to me (I'm assuming that's the barley), and therefore weren't very well received by two of my dogs.Our Golden Retriever likes most any treats and she ate this one without hesitation. While the treats might be great for some, since only one of our dogs will eat the treats regularly, I don't think they would be worth the extra cost for our household.
I have a chihuahua and while he did take this and try to eat it, it was just too big for his little mouth.  The treats are too hard to break into pieces and he wasn't all that interested enough to chew the bigger pieces.  Though I will have to say my dog has never been the dog biscuit type so that could be part of the reason he didn't enjoy it.  It's a good quality product made from great ingredients, but not every dog is going to like it obviously.
Gave this to my mother for her Doberman,  and Akkita/Shepard mix.  That said,  she has two large dogs.So, they didn't like it at all,  and wouldn't touch it unless there wasn't  anything left in the house for them to eat,  Then they ate it.I'm not sure if they don't like this type,  flavor,  or brand,  or just aren't very fond of biscuits.  They don't seem to have too much of a problem with the milk bone brand biscuits.  Dogs are fussy,  it's really hard to find treats for dogs.Mine like chicken strips... And sweat potato sticks.  Greenies,  haven't really found much else.  Chicken flavor pup er ronie. Don't like beggan strips, love anything duck....  Does this give you a better idea of what my dogs taste buds are like?  Your dog may be different,  I dont know if you can really judge by what our dogs like.I'll rate it 3 stars since they ate it,  just not as a first option.
Let's face facts, dogs will pretty much eat anything that you put in front of them - they really are not that choosy.  They drink dirty garden water, smell each other privates, and occasionally snack on cat turds, so trying to determine if a treat tastes good really is not that easy.Having said that, my two medium size dogs (roughly 30 pounds each) absolutely love these treats. I like the fact that they don't have that smelly dog treat scent that most have (they smell more like people food - kind of like a ginger snap), and because they are harder and larger than my normal treats, the dogs must crunch them, promoting tooth cleanliness. But if you have a smaller dog (I also have a Yorkie), these treats are just way too large.They are about two inches long and one inch wide (with a perforation in the middle). They contain organic ingrediants including carrots, apples and molasses, rather than fillers like corn meal.  They are relatively easy to break at the perforation - but really hard to break down further (though a hammer works well).  My Yorkie looked down at the treat then looked up at me with an expression of "you gotta be kidding me" and stared at me until I gave him one of his regular treats.The only drawback is that unless they are purchased in bulk, they are a bit expensive, so I would not use them as a training treat. But for the occasional atta boy treat - my older boys love them.
First I want to say my dog is a carnivore, he primarily eats raw meat. I do allow him many treats other than carrots but he will jump at the chance to eat anything I toss at my chickens.  For that reason I wanted to try Newman's own because it is organic and has all the good things a dog should have, and I felt he should be able to have something good for him other than meat.When Amazon offered this to me to review for all of you. I jumped at the chance for my dog to give it a try. When this arrived it came in a large bag, I thought this would have been a tiny little bag of treats, it was not,  the treats inside were very large 2-1/4" long and about 2" wide and about 1/2' thick. It also had a nice crease in the middle to brak it in half if  you choose to give a smaller treat. As most treats they smell awful but I guess a dog would like that.I gave my dog, a constantly hungry Black Pug, a choice of his frozen treat in one hand and Newman's own in the other, he took a while but chose his treat.I then gave him Newman's own treat and he took it but he sniffed at it for awhile.  Now he knows what it is. I then sat down at my laptop and he jumped up to be with me, he stared at the treat and I moved it toward him and nothing, I gave the OK command and he looked at it,  I had to pick it up and give it too him. Now it is a few minutes later, he is sitting here, the treat is on my leg and he is looking at it, oops just jumped off.My dog, who will eat just about everything, just walked away from this treat.  He is not interested, I will not be buying this.  I will bring it to the shelter for another dog.
First let me say my cats ate this and loved it. Taste and quality are not an issue.I only gave it 3 stars due to price and packaging.When I opened it the tuna ooze/juice was already past the ziplock type seal.I wasn't going to try to reseal it and clean the juice around the seal. I imagined that this was going to turn into a smelly mess anddecided to give it all to my beasts. They ate it all. The packaging really need to have the kinks worked out.The price is unbelievable. The package contains 3 slices of tuna for a total of 4.1 ounces. That's $2-$3 a slice. $24-$40 a pound? Really?I can't imagine why anyone would be willing to pay that price for this item.
My cats loved this tuna.  No complaints at all about the quality and taste from them.  But two issues I have with it is it's not really a treat and it's not convenient to give to your cat for a little snack.  It's three rather large slabs of tuna that need to go in a bowl. The slabs are pretty densely packed and could probably be formed into smaller pieces, so I'm not sure why they aren't.  When you open it you are inevitably going to get tuna juice on your hands and it's a bit messy all around.  It's really more of a meal.Another thing is the price is too high.  It's higher than even good canned tuna you can buy in the grocery store.  I'm not sure why I would buy this over just buying my cats a can of tuna from time to time.  If I had tons of money I guess I would buy this?  I'm not sure.  It just seems like a waste of money.
This is clearly a super fancy, super healthy cat treat (it seems almost human level - though the package does expressly remind you that this is only for animal consumption). I have two fat cats who are used to eating dry food and treats with an occasional wet food snack (which they aren't usually that crazy about). One of my cats loved these things and one of them was indifferent, though he did eat it eventually.The phrase "treats" might seem a bit misleading considering what the average cat owner thinks of as a "treat" but I wasn't thrown off by that. The main issue I had with this item is the packaging. The product consists of three rather large chunks of tuna in a plastic zip lock bag which also has a good deal of liquid in it. Though the package was easy to open, there was a good deal of liquid above the zip lock which means it is easy to get it on your hands or on the counter (and tuna water is not a pleasant smell). Also, the act of getting the treats out of the bag is a little tricky as well (at least for the first one). Again, you just have to plan to get tuna water on your hands and deal with it (not really a big deal).Also, these are pretty big treats (and my cats are 20 pounds each). I ended up giving them one a day (breaking one piece into two) and it was plenty. I found that they liked it more if I mixed it with their usual dry food. Other reviewers have mentioned breaking the tuna apart, which might make it easier to pour a lot out but I kind of liked giving it to them in chunks and they seemed to like it that way too.Overall, the cats ate it up, but I don't think I'd want to spend this much in order to deal with the packaging and liquid issue. Normal treats are fine for my cats, though I commend this company for their environmental policies.
I have the world's pickiest eater.  Sheba is a huge Calico Manx and she turns up her nose at all human food, and will only eat her canned and dry cat food, and lately has even been turning  up her nose at her dry food.  So anything new is met with hesitancy by her.While lately there are a couple of supplements we have tried her on that she likes and will eat one or two a day at the most, this one she tried by licking it a few times, then shook her head no (yes, she does indicate a "no" by shaking her head, as have other cats I've had),and walked away after looking me squarely in the eye to make sure I got the message.I had high hopes for this one as she has been doing a lot of itching and shedding, and it is flavored with duck, but she wouldn't eat it.  My experience here might be unusual, as Sheba is a  most unusual cat in almost all ways.
We have two cats. The Russian Blue hardly ever eats treats, but she will eat some. The Siberian will eat just about any treat you give him. Neither showed any interest in these.I tried breaking them into smaller pieces, and that didn't make a difference.A neighborhood stray tried them and seemed to like them, so clearly some cats will eat them. Just not mine.They seem to have good ingredients and it appears that these supplements would help a cat's skin and coat--if you can get them to eat them.
This product is a solid little treat but it carries a strong fishy smell.  While my three cats ate it, the fourth one did not.  I saw the same results at the local animal shelter, where perhaps only half the cats ate theirs  While I didn't notice a shinier coat on my oldest cat (who did like these), the oily ingredients tell me that over time the high oil content would help with the coat's sheenKeep the package sealed as these little treats dry up otherwise!.
I could not find a cat interested in ingesting these not even the neighborhood stray.  I can't really comment on the effect on their skin and coats if they won't eat the chews.  I am very surprised because Pet Naturals of Vermont makes very good products.  I have been super pleased with every other one of their products that I've tried for cats and/or dogs!
If you are considering this product, you need to check out your pet's feeding area before moving forward. You need an outlet within about 4 feet of the feeding area unless you are willing to run an extension cord. Also, your pet's bowl needs to have a smooth surface for the suction cups to stick correctly. Ours did not work.Since I used a salad bowl, and had to place the bowl in a different location, I was not surprised that our dogs ignored it. But my true problem involved the constant sound of running water.  So unless your bedroom is in a separate part of the house, it is a bit like having an aquarium pump to listen to.I'm somewhat disappointed, since our water here can use filtering. Recommended only if you have a kitchen and bowl that work for the fountain.
This is a tough item to review. On the surface it looks like a great idea. Who wouldn't want to make sure their pet had fresher water with a device that filters hair, dirt and the like out of the water???First let me say this worked beautifully. I have an XXL dog (wolfhound) that I give fresh water twice a day in a bucket. The Hy-Drate worked well--kept the water circulating and the filter removed impurities. The hound didn't seem to care that her water was moving and drank normally.The cons were mainly my fault since I didn't think about the logistics. First, the water buckets were not near an electrical outlet. I keep a bucket of fresh water outside as well one inside. Neither was anywhere near an outlet. I moved the inside bucket near an outlet, however, the dog is a sloppy drinker and wolfhounds have beards. When they lift their heads after drinking, water often drips off their chin. This is obviously not a good thing around an electrical outlet. I did secure/tape the electrical wire to the back of the bucket so that she would not become accidentally tangled in it. This was a royal pain to do twice a day and if the outside of the bucket got wet then the tape wouldn't stick.I then decided to try it out with the cats. They have a water dish with a self-watering/feeding bottle that holds a gallon worth of water. Unfortunately the well where the water pours is rather shallow and the device was partially above water. However, since their previous water bowl was a recirculating pump model, I decided to try a deeper dish. They liked it. The cord fell over the side and safely behind the dresser that their water sits on. They tend, for whatever, cat-brained reason, to drink the water off their paws when it circulates. So they appeared to like this as they reverted to this behavior.So, my recommendation? Think about where your water dish is located. I live in an old house and most of my outlets are either on the baseboards or close to the floor. If the bowl should go over, and in my case a bucket, then the outlet would most likely get wet. And I didn't want to deal with surge protectors and extension cords. If your dog or cat chews everything in sight, then you may want to rethink this item as it does have an electrical cord to power it! The suction cups work and the item works as advertised!
We have two large dogs, a German Shepard and an English Setter.  The Shepard fears nothing and had no problem drinking from the water bowl.  The Setter on the other hand would stand for long periods of time observing the wave motion of the filter in the bowl.  He never did get to the point where he would drink from the water bowl with the Hy-Drate device running. That said, the device does work... it does filter hair and debris from the water and keeps it clean. It remains secure in the bowl with the suction cups sticking soundly to the bottom of the bowl.  Our two big dogs drink water so fast we have decided to just keep their current bowls filled with fresh waater.  We will try the Hy-Drate with our cats to see how that works.
This works pretty well in my dog's water dish. When plugged in and on, it does a nice job of filtering out dog slobber and any crumbs/food that may have gotten in the water. My golden retriever is terrified of it. She will avoid it and drink from the other dog dish. The pump is pretty quiet, nothing louder than a fish tank filter would be. It is a great concept, but it only helps if the dog is not scared of it.
I have a 2-year-old, 65-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix. Joy-Joy devoured her 4  cup but seemed hungry {considering her actively level this is common}. The only thing negative was the smell; the nuggets are very strong smelling.The first ingredient in the food is a named meat product, in meal form. It is the sole meat product in the food. The next two ingredients are grains, which diminishes my confidence that this food contains an adequate amount of meat - curious of meat to rice ratio. Rice is decent quality grain but, at least it is not corn. Corn is difficult for dogs to digest and thought to be the cause of a great many allergy and yeast infection problems. I don't purchase dog food that contains corn, soy nor wheat.Dried beet pulp is a filler and a controversial ingredient - it is a by-product, being dried residue from sugar beets which has been cleaned and extracted in the process of manufacturing sugar.I like the overall nutritional quality of this product {with some 2 minor exceptions}: (1) the meat content is too low and I would need to supplementing Joy-Joy's diet with an additional meat source and (2) potential that dried beet pulp has been known to causes allergic reactions in some dogs.
This is decent dog food, but nothing spectacular.  Yes it has "limited" ingredients but that does not necessarily mean they are excellent, or even good, ingredients.The package lists:Lamb Meal, Brown Rice, Ground Rice, Dried Beet Pulp, Poultry Fat (preserved with mixed tocopherols), Natural Chicken Flavor, Sodium Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source of Vitamin C), Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of vitamin K activity), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic Acid.While there is nothing terrible here, there are a few things many dog food experts would frown on.The same grain (rice) appears twice in the first five ingredients.  Also, the fat source is listed as "poultry" as opposed to identifying a specific animal source.  It is also preferable to have more than just one meat protein source, especially when lamb is one of them.  As far as one of the ingredients being beet pulp - that's often something used by manufacturers to avoid using better, more expensive ingredients.So, while this is hardly bad dog food (it is still better than your store brands and Purina-type quality food), it is just OK, and the name might make you think its superior.  But it is just average.
I'm torn on how to review this product. On the one hand, all three of my dogs love it. They're all fairly small, from 8 to 14 pounds, and they prefer smaller morsels in dry food. This food is just the right size for them to crunch on. None of them hesitated at all when I offered this in place of their regular dry food. In fact, all three of them were jockeying for position at the bowl.On the other hand, the marketing for this product is deceptive. First, the 'Just 6' ingredients is really just 5. The second and third ingredients are both rice, with the second ingredient being 'Brown Rice' and the third 'Ground Rice'. I'm not sure what the difference is, unless the ground rice is made from the less healthy white rice. The last ingredient is 'Natural Chicken Flavor', which can mean any number of things.I'm very picky about the dog food I buy. I don't feed them byproducts, which this food does not have. But I also avoid food with a lot of grain, as well as the 'natural flavor' additive. Consequently, I would probably not purchase this food for them in the future.
I hope that my four Chihuahuas would like this but they just refuse to eat it.I know Rachael is a dog lover and cooking show host but that doesn't make this formula as "delish" as I had hoped.I was a little surprised by the long list of ingredients.Although there might be "Just 6" main ingredients there is a long list of other ingredients.If I were you I would try to get a sample from a local store prior to investing in a larger bag.
Chewy, our eleven year old Doberman/Shepherd mix, has already been eating Rachel Ray's Nutrish line for over a year now after the local store stopped carrying the brand he had been eating. I wanted to try the Just Six variety because he alread likes the other food within the product line, and I like to have multiple options for him in the event his normal flavor or brand is out of stock.He likes this just fine and had no digestion issues. But I cannot for the life of me understand how this gets away with promoting the idea that it has just six ingredients. On the back of the bag it says "Carefully selected ingredients-No Extra stuff" and lists six ingredients: Lamb meal, brown rice, ground rice, beet pulp, poultry fat, and natural chicken flavor.But if you flip the bag on it's side and read the full list of ingredients, in fact those above are only the FIRST SIX of a long list of ingredients that includes things like sodium chloride (table salt, because our pets should have high sodium in their diets too, I guess), cobalt sulfate (an additive commonly included in animal feed), pyridoxine hydrochloride,etc. Most of the ingredients appear to be additives used to replace or add nutritional value through vitamins, but one has to wonder why they would need to add some of these additives when the primary ingredients like brown rice and beets already supply them naturally. Sort of like adding vitamin C to orange juice. What did they do to the original ingredients that they needed to ADD BACK what should have already been there?Going through the list, there is nothing inherently dangerous in these extra ingredients, and in fact the ingredient list is far healthier than most dry dog foods you will find in the store. But calling it "Just Six" is a lie because there are more than six ingredients in this product. I'm just annoyed at the unneccessary falsehood in the packaging.
My dog loved the taste of this food. She thought they were treats when I first gave her a few to test it out, and she quickly asked for more. And even though there's only "six ingredients plus vitamins and minerals," some of those ingredients are questionable, like the rice and beet pulp. If you want a thorough, comprehensive overview of this dog food or any other brand you're considering, check out dogfoodadvisor.com. They have breakdowns of each ingredient, and why it is or isn't beneficial, plus an overall rating of each brand of dog food.If you care about what your dog is eating, I highly recommend checking out this website prior to deciding on a brand of food for your dog. This particular brand is pretty average. While it is certainly better than supermarket brands that use ingredients like corn, there is certainly better to be had for the price. Diamond Naturals has a higher rating, and is actually cheaper per pound than this stuff.
I looked forward to Rachel Ray's canine offering and jumped at the chance to get this for my pooch. He liked this offering and there was not tummy problems. According to pet food advisor it's considered average, so it's worth a try. I'd consider buying this for my pooch as a food to alternate in his diet. There are cautions concerning the amount of arsenic in rice and it shouldn't be in his steady diet.
This seems really misleading to me.  The picture on the front of the bag shows 6 real-food ingredients, and the name implies that's it.  But the 6th ingredient shown is a chicken, but the actual ingredient in the label shows "natural chicken flavor," which is quite a bit different than "chicken."  Savoury Systems International is one marketer of "natural chicken flavor," and the ad copy there describes it as " This Yeast Extract blend incorporates Chicken Fat and other natural flavors to deliver a brothy, slow-roasted poultry taste."  "Yeast Extract" is another word for MSG, which is definitely *not* a healthy ingredient.  I can't link to this review but search for MSG and "truth" if you are interested in the negative health effects linked to MSG.  Among other things, MSG has been used to induce obesity in mice when they want to study the effects of obesity.  If your dog has any issues with weight control, feeding a diet that includes MSG does not make a lot of sense.  Plus, and I'm sure others have pointed this out, but there are 30 ingredients on the list.  The whole "Just 6" thing seems a total marketing ploy.If, on the other hand, you have no interest in these health issues, the food seems really yummy to my dog.  (It should! MSG makes everything taste delicious which is why it's added to so many foods.  It's the scrumptious salty taste of Doritos or Ramen noodles, if you wonder what nearly pure MSG tastes like.)  If you just want something your dog will eat, I guess this is an ok choice.
I had hoped my Chihuahuas would love this but they wouldn't eat it dry.When I added chicken stock to it they would then pick at it. My four Chihuahuas are very picky.Your dogs might love it. The chunks are small enough for a small dog.If I were you I would try to get a sample sized bag from a local pet food store to see if your dogs will eat it.
Ill start off by stating that my dog is not a picky eater and will literally eat just about anything that is placed in front of her.  Weather it's good for her or not i usually feed her kibbles and meaty bits, and she will eat all of it within a few hours usually.This healthy weight food takes her 2 days to eat one bowl, and its probably because it doesn't taste good. Not that I've tried it but it doesn't look appealing ( and most diet food for people isn't that great).In the winter my dog does tend to get a little chubby as she doesn't like to be outside when its super cold any more than necessary. So feeding her this in addition to cutting back on snacks is just killing her ( figuratively speaking).Ill keep this food on hand as a back up but I wont pick it up again that's for sure. I don't think I could recommend this to anyone for their dog unless they are morbidly obese I guess.
If you're looking to go better than your basic grocery store brands of dog food, then yes, this particular brand could work for you. The first ingredient on it is Deboned Turkey, however a few ingredients later and you've got quite a bit of corn in this dog food. If you don't know, your dog doesn't need corn, ever. Corn is damaging filler that is linked to quite a few problems in dogs (allergies are the most common). Is this dog food better than something like Pedigree? Sure, but not better than something like Merrick, or Blue Buffalo. However, if price is an issue and this one is at a level you can afford compared to the better brands I just mentioned, then that's not too bad. It DOES have vitamins and real meat, but don't expect Grade-A dog food.Will your dog eat it? Sure, but it is genuinely good for them? Eh, so-so.
I have a 12-pound miniature 12-year-old dachshund who went gaga for these. He swallowed it whole and looked for more, which he couldn't get because according to the label, you are supposed to give one little bone-shaped chew per day for a dog under 20 pounds.He received his dose at about 1:00 p.m. and then proceeded to fart by 1:30 p.m. Keep in mind that this is a dog that gets fed homemade organic diet and almost never has gas. It was definitely a different experience!I then took him out and he went to the bathroom a if he was a 120-pound dog.I tried it again the next day with somewhat similar results.I'm not sure if it's just my dog that is getting gassy or every dog will have a hard time digesting these but I'm gonig to stop giving them to my dog. I should also mention that the first ingredient on these is corn, which dogs' stomach aren't meant to digest.
I have three large dogs. Two are labs, one is a mixed breed. They vary in age and each one of them is very different than the other. An example is when I run the vacuum cleaner, one dog is terrified of it, one dog could care less that it's on, and the third do tries to attack/play with it, buy lunging at it. So when ever I try something new with them, I know it's a hit if all three dogs like the item.These bone shaped chews are very small, not much larger than a pill. So it's more like giving your dog a pill than a "chew". There's really no chewing involved. Two of my dogs are retrieving dogs, who specifically go out and retrieve ducks during duck hunting. So when I saw they were "duck" flavored, I figured the dogs would really like them. Since they are very big dogs, I gave them each two (as directed). One of our dogs is a picky eater (the largest dog), one is choosy, eating most anything you give him as long as it's food, and the third will eat anything given to her that's not nailed down to the floor. The picky dog and the choosy dog took the chews from my hand, then spit them out, one walking away, the other just staring at it. The third dog, who will eat anything you tell her she can, did eat them. Fortunately, the dog with the most digestive/gas issues is the one who ate them. So I'm hoping over time they will help her some.Pen Naturals makes some great products. This one just wasn't a hit with my dogs. Their hairball formula cat treats are adored by my ultra picky cat. My cat will never take any food from my hand, but he will the Pet Naturals treats. He loves them that much. So some pets may like these, others may not. So it's worth a try to see what your pet thinks of them.
My dog's digestion is fine, but I got these as a sample, and have fed these to him rarely as a treat/supplement. No negative side effects.I think paying eight or nine bucks for this tiny bag of 'supplements' is a bit much. If your dog's digestion is messed up enough to where you are buying supplements, maybe you'd be better off trying some alternative dog food, or some natural alternatives, like carrots, apple slices, oatmeal, peanut butter, etc. first.
Each of my five dogs willingly eats these daily digest chews. Because if the tiny size, I have to be careful in how I present the chew to each dog (nicely!).  Not all of the chews are perfectly bone-shaped - some are misshapen blobs & some are stuck together.Do they work? I am not sure.  My dogs do not have messes inside of the house (they are inside all day during wintertime), but I cannot say that this is because of the chews or because they've regulated their systems to fit the family schedule. Since the dogs like the chews, I will finish the bag, but will not replace it.To compare:  I feed my dogs grain-free, dry dog food and an occasional Milk Bone.
I have used other Pet Naturals products in the past and they have worked pretty well. This one is okay, but not great. First off, the ingredients contain grains, soy and a few other things I normally wouldn't give to my dogs. I wanted to try this for my Shar-Pei, as he doesn't have constant stomach problems, but does get a sensitive stomach when there are changes in his routine. For example, one time I changed almost all of the curtains in the house, and it caused him to get the runs. Another time I was out longer than usual. I came home, took him for a walk and he kept hunching like he had to go to the bathroom, but it was just a nervous stomach.  He also pukes occasionally for reasons no one is sure of. He gets one of these little oily biscuits with his breakfast and dinner. He likes the taste and haven't had any problems with gas or other digestive issues. He doesn't pass gas very often, so I can't really tell a difference with him, so I started giving my Doberman four of these a day to see how well they work on her.Even though I feed a mostly natural, no grain diet to my dogs, my Doberman still has stinky gas. This might be because she is a nervous dog. I have been giving her these with her breakfast and dinner. She seems to be farting a little less, so hopefully this is working for her.  My Shar-Pei also has not puked, so that is good. I think when this bag is used up, I'll just stick to Pet Naturals coat supplements. If these work for your dog, the price on Amazon is a lot better than what these products cost at most major pet shops.
I have a Chow mix with a delicate stomach and I thought this might help (my vet recommended probiotics).  I decided to also give it to my other 2 dogs just to see if I could tell a difference.  What a difference!!!First of all, they all had terrible gas for the first few days (I thought this was supposed to stop dog farts, not creat them?).  Then, Sadie and Emily started throwing up.  In fact, poor Emily threw up 6 times in one night and poor Sadie started throwing up her breakfast when we went for walks.  Now, the only thing different in their diet was these chews so I have to wonder if they are the cause of these problems.After, about 4 days things started to get back to normal but I'm not sure this product is worth it.  Maybe your dog will react differently?  All I know is I'm not going to be buying this for mine.
I have seen an improvement in my dog as far as digestion issues are concerned, but the biggest problem with these is how they squish and stick together.  They're completely stuck so much so you can't really pry them apart!  They're kind of that same soft gummy texture, like Greenies Pill Pockets, but their shape doesn't hold, so it's really difficult to portion them out for your dog properly.  If they were formed better and didn't melt into one another, they'd be a lot better.
These are tiny, little bone-shaped treats that you only give one/day.  Kind of cruel maybe not to give your dog more (I followed it up with a couple of dog biscuits).  I'm probably the only person willing to do this but I ate one of them myself just to see what they taste like.  I had to eat a lot of saltines to get the bitter taste out of my mouth.  I don't have any qualms about sampling commercial products made for my critters to eat.  That way I have a good idea what they're tasting.  Of course, my dogs think cat turds taste good so obviously they have a much wider window of what tastes good than I do.  And they both wolfed the Pet Naturals down so they don't seem to be put off by the bitterness.I can see giving these to dogs who may be ill, or recovering from an illness or are very old.  But to give them to dogs that are obviously healthy and already eat a good diet (except for the ct's) I'm not so sure about.  Anyway, I guess it's alright but its not something I tend to do on a regular basis.
My boston terrier eats everything you give him so he tried these chews too and of course he loved it. His poo is a bit more soft and goes easier. After checking the ingredients all I can say that it's better to find the dog food that works for your dog (avoid Pedigree and all other that contain corn and other fillers!) and also feed your dog some real food scraps (not fries, bread, salty gravy etc) but some fruit, veggies, raw egg, meat scraps). Supplement with dog vitamins or omega3 and it should be fine.The main ingredients in this supplement are basically different types of flour, yeast, canola oil, pineapple and papaya enzymes that work as a stool softener.
These seem to have decent nutrients for a treat and my dogs LOVE them, but then they have tried to eat a potholder that smelled like food. My beagle is a rescue from a hunter and she is very jumpy all the time. I have seen her a bit calmer after a few days of use, but not enough to pay this high price. Personally, I'd not buy them. If money is no object and you have a jumpy dog, daily use would probably calm your dog over time.
In general, I like products from PetNaturals because they've served me well before. The one meant for joints and hips is fantastic, did more for my dog than I imagined it could, but I can't entirely say the same for this one. I got the Daily Digest chews for my Cocker Spaniel because he's got sensitive tummy issues; his stool is almost always a lot softer than it should be, bordering on diarrhea. After giving him the chews, I found that it only made his stool SLIGHTLY more firm, but not as it should be. So in terms of results, it's not perfect for me but I can't say it wouldn't work for another dog's problems.In terms of giving these to your dog, I liked that the treats were very small and not at all unlikeable to my dog. I find it odd that, since I had to give two to my dog, one had to be done in the AM and the other in the PM. I'm sure there's a good reason for that, I just found it a bit of a nuisance, since I already have a set routine for giving my dogs their vitamins and these directions could only somewhat fall into that.If you think your dog might benefit from digestive chews, I'd say try this out. Overall, it's a great brand, it just didn't entirely work for me this time.
My cats eat a stable diet of high-end dry food and canned 9Lives.  They also get shredded chicken from time to time, so it amazes me that they can still get the runs.  This is where giving them these fish-shaped chews would come in handy, hoping to eradicate the runs.  The problem is, none of my cats willing ate their morsel.  I had to crumble them up and mix it with some canned food for them to eat it, and this was every time I gave them a morsel.  While the ingredients do seem to work after a few servings, unlike other Pet Natural products, this one didn't get the rave reception other PN have gotten from my pets.
My neighbors recently put up a sandbox. Do you know what happens when you put a sandbox in the middle of an area that is only grass and concrete? Let me give you a hint. Thank cats. Lots and lots of cats. It is like a kitty field of dreams. If you build it, they will come. And pee. And poop. They will come and pee and poop in your sandbox.Now, why exactly the neighbor thinks these feral cats are mine is beyond me. Just because they tend to often hang out in my yard and eat the food that I put out, does not make them my cats. Anyway, the neighbors let me know that the sandbox was being used by the stray cats as a litter box. (Surprise! Who would have thought that feral cats would confuse a sandbox for a litter box.) They asked me if I could please do something about my cats (they are not my cats) leaving tootsie rolls in their sandbox.I'm not going to trap and relocated these cats because my neighbors decided to get a giant litter box in their back yard. Then came the Havahart. It works well to shoo the cat away. They still manage to get a poop in every now and then, but it mostly works fine.The sandbox does now tend do get a little wet, but we are in Louisiana, so it dried pretty quickly. Also, you have to remember to turn the machine off before you bring the kids out to play in the sandbox, although I find it amusing when they forget.
This works well enough, if it(animal/person) does not want to be squirted with water it will most likely stay away from the Spray Away Elite covered area. It was easy enough to set up and seems well constructed, its working well for us so far.
This sprays the way it's supposed to, but it doesn't do a very good job of scaring the skunks away.  Also, one more thing you'll need to know if you decide to try it and you live in cold climates...  You'll need to bring it in BEFORE the weather freezes.  If you don't, you'll have a broken piece of an expensive yard decoration that won't do anything.
To be honest my dog didn't mins the taste of the supplement but my vet advised to discontinue use die to lack of benefit and gave me something better.
I got a jar of this and decided to try it out on my older female Malamute.  I can't judge it on how effective it is because you have to use 2 tablespoons of it a day as recommended for dogs over 60 lbs.  It's gross looking but she liked it okay.  Basically, it's not money well spent, unless you have a small dog.
I have two dogs. A 5 month male Caucasian Ovarchka and a 1 yr 4 month old mixed caucasian and Alsatian bitch. When i gave the fun bite sticks to both of them they both jumped excitedly to collect the sticks. However, the 5 month male Caucasian merely played with it for a minute then dropped it and walked off. He never came back to it. The female mixed Alsatian and Caucasian, played with eat for a  minute dropped it and walked away. however she came back picked it up and seemed to enjoy it. she picked up the 2nd one and made short work of it too. The Caucasian has never liked it and does not eat or try to chew it. As to it's effects, i guess it is too early to tell. will post any new developments.
These treats purport to provide calcium while cleaning your dog's teeth.  They are high in calcium, although I'm unconvinced that dogs with healthy diets actually need supplemental calcium.  It seems like just one more food that's jumping on the "more calcium!" bandwagon.  I haven't noticed any difference in the cleanliness of my dogs' teeth since using them.While there's nothing on the ingredients list that is likely to be harmful to a dog, I don't see much there that's healthful, either:  Rawhide, rice flour, maltodextrin (a sweetener), dicalcium phosphate (note that there is more sweetener than calcium), dextrose (more sweetener), calcium carbonate (more calcium).Some dog owners might have hesitations about the rawhide, since there is no source listed and many will not feed rawhide that is processed outside of the United States.  Don't mistake these for a rawhide chew, though.  They are fairly brittle and the dogs crunch them down right away.The sweetener in these is unmistakable; there is so much they're actually sticky to handle.  My dogs love sweet-tasting things so this is a big hit with them.  Not so much with me, as the sweeteners don't provide any nutritional value.They front of the bag features a "high protein/low fat" claim.  Although true, I think it's a little misleading, since it seems to imply this is an inherently good thing.  It's only a good thing if that happens to be the combo your dog's nutrition needs.  It seems like an attempt to make consumers think these are a particularly healthy choice, but they're not.  I don't think they're specifically unhealthy, but rawhide, rice, and sweeteners aren't things I'd seek out to add to my dogs' diets, and before adding supplemental calcium, I'd look for a higher quality dog food that provides adequate calcium.So, bottom line, I'm giving these 3 stars because the dogs really like them and they make a tasty treat.  I'm more likely to choose more nutritious options for treats, though.
These are good but they do sometimes break into sharp pieces and I would prefer that they be a bit more flexible.My dog (a Basenji) likes them but I have only given them when I could supervise while he chewed on them.
If you are reading this, chances are you've got a dog, so going in we all have to keep in mind, each dog with their own personality and preferences may love FunBites, be indifferent, or walk away.OK, nutritionally these are mediocre, at very best.  They contain calcium but beyond that there's not much there.  The calcium is way down on the ingredient list, preceded by beef hide, starches and a sugar, so the calcium may be trace amounts.  The package analysis lists it at 1.38% minimum.  So essentially, the product is mostly filler.Before anyone says "But FunBites is loaded with protein"....The package lists crude protein as 53%.  Keep in mind manufacturers know what our eyes see on a label, which is PROTEIN.  Yes, but crude protein is simply the amount of protein found in the foods, and doesn't' signify that it is quality protein that is of any value to your dog.  So unless you see ingredients which list "meat" or "meal" after their name (example "chicken meal"), the crude protein is simply a number.These are made in Mexico, if you are concerned about buying food/products from outside the U.S. or specific countries.I think the one benefit to FunBites is their shape, being flat.  We have a 5 month old Golden Retriever puppy.  Like most puppies, he's going through his teething stage.  He is chewing on most everything and his new teeth are coming in.  He has a good assortment of chew toys, including some soft, some hard, cold ones, etc.  One thing he has shied away from is rawhide products.  Even if we get something filled, or fillable with his favorite snacks like peanut butter, he pays them little mind.  We figured he just didn't like them, or perhaps it was his teeth making it painful to gnaw on the rawhide.So we tried FunBites Calcibone.  He really likes them.  He will chew on them for a bit, eat them right up and wag his tail for more.So for us, they fit the bill as an occasional treat.  They are hard enough to hopefully give him a little cleaning benefit (but always brush their teeth!) yet small enough for him to manage, unlike larger or rounder rawhide products. These are not our main treat, as we prefer other products that are more beneficial nutritionally.  So we just use them on occasion as small rewards,  They can also be broken in half or smaller, so you can stretch these a long way.Price-wise they are not bad at all, then again there is little to them in the way of ingredients, so the value is in the volume of treats not in the overall quality.  Overall, these are just OK and I probably wouldn't use them again.
The first time I gave my 6 month old puppy one of these he just sniffed it a bit and disregarded it, but 2 hours later when he was bored and in a chewing mood he went back over to where it was laying on the ground and ate it up. After that one, every time I give him one he eats it up no problem.These are odd looking treats, they almost look like they shaved these treats off a real bone. They are hard and don't look very tasty. Even to my puppy, they didn't look very tasty at first he had no clue what it was. Even when I snapped it in half so he could smell it, his first reaction to it was to leave it alone. They are very brittle looking in appearance.It is very odd that this treat is only good for dogs up to 75 lbs as shown in a graph on the back of the bag. It says what size dogs can have this, but it doesn't say how many they should have in a day. I usually just give my dog two in a sitting. He is an Australian Shepherd mix around 40 lbs so he fit the size for the graph, and because of his curious personality he ended up eating the treat, but I could see a snoody dog that is very picky not eating this treat.
I have two schnauzers, a mini and a standard.  My mini is picky and only eats meat treats.  He wouldn't touch these or give them the time of day.  His teeth are pretty good for a schnauzer and his breath is pretty decent.  My standard will eat anything, she loves these.  She has rotten breath, pretty okay teeth considering where she came from.  She will munch this up in no time flat and happily, but her breath is still awful.  So as for a snack, yippee.  As for plaque and breath cleansing, I will stick to brushing her teeth.  According to the vet there doesn't appear to be anything wrong with her teeth, she's just a stinky gal.  I was hoping this would help for she does love to snuggle.
We have five dogs, two goldens, two shelties and one mutt plus we foster for a rescue so we go through a lot of treats.  These simply are not our dogs favorites.  They will eat them but kind of look at you like where is the other stuff.  Pretty good size for small dogs but one bite treats for big dogs, may be a little too hard for small dogs with sensitive teeth.  We can't see how they can really clean teeth as the bag says  since they are so easy to chew.  These seem to fall in the middle of the treat coninuum, e.g., Milk Bones probably a little better for teeth since they are harder and raw hides when you want the treat to last.  Seems to be that way for about everything about these from dog prefrence to contents.One final note being paranoid.  We always look where dog food or dog treats are made and tend to avoid certain countries.  These are made in Mexico which to us kind of falls between acceptable (US, Brazil, etc.) and watch out (China, Thailand).  Kind of like the product itself, right in the middle.
I gave one of these to 4 different dogs, 2 liked them right away, the other 2 didn't want them.  These come in slick-coated sticks and are easy to break if you don't want to give a whole one.  Personally, I would rather give these than rawhides or some greasy pig's ear but evidently they aren't absolutely delicious to every dog.
Today I received one package of Fun Bites from the Vine program. The package says there are 60 of these "Flat Sticks" in the bag. I removed one to give to my Dobie and was surprised at the small size. They are 4 1/2" long, 5/8" wide and 1/8" thick. That is nowhere near the instruction's recommended size for my 100 pound Dobie's large mouth. However, though his mouth is large he does not try to swallow large pieces so I felt it would be safe to offer him one of these. Unlike with other treats my offer did not generate excitement, impatience, vigorous tail (stub) wagging and free style dancing. He viewed it carefully, took it in his mouth and walked arond the room and then set it down for observation. After a fairly brief examination he got down with it and broke it into small pieces as he consumed it all.His attitude made me wonder if he would eat any more of them so I took out another one and offered it to him. This time he took it outside, dropped it on the patio and gave it a lookover. Eventually he ate the thing but somewhat reluctantly.I plan to give him one every day as long as he eats them. I find no indication of harmful ingredients and since this product does not come from China, whose food killed my previous Dobie, I see no reason to keep it from him.
The first of these offered our two Miniature Schnauzers got a nose up.  They walked away, but later came back and ate them.  FunBites look a bit like thin cardboard and fall apart when they are chewing them.  I think treats that are crunchy help clean the teeth better than these.  Anyway, after a time the dogs seem more interested in these, an acquired taste?---who knows.  The number one ingredient is beef-hide next rice flour---then the preservatives.  These have a tad more calcium than other snack we keep; Milk Bone and Newmans.  It is rather subjective reviewing a product such as this as I am sure other dogs would love them.  The best I could do is three stars based on our pets reaction.  Normally they go bonkers when offered a treat---these just don't quite get to that level of acceptance.
I have 2 dogs and the results of these treats are mixed.The small dog, a long hair chihuahua loves these things. But then again she eats anything and everything that is dropped on the floor ranging from chicken to pickles. Yes it's an odd dog.The second dog, a Sheltie does not like these treats at all. She will take about a minute with it before she gets up and walks away, at which point the small dog swoops in and eats it.I wouldn't buy these again. Both of my dogs love the chicken jerky style dog treats, they love beggin strips and even milk-bone biscuit treats. These "flatsticks" just aren't a unanimous favorite of my dogs and I can't argue the results. One dog eats them, one dog gets up and walks away from them.
OTOH, when they are hungry, my dogs eat anything.N=4, ranging from 70# to 13#.  When I offer Funbites when the dogs are (in their minds) starving-to-death and worried that they will never eat again, they all take them eagerly.  This covers the period between midnight and dinner the next day, around 8 PM.When I offer Funbites after dinner, the dogs are much less interested.When I offer Funbites or a store-brand dog cookie, the cookie is the first choice.  My big guy (lab mix) takes the cookie and the FunBite in one mouthful, trots to the living room, and eats them in order.  Ditto the next in line, a 60# female who is a very picky eater. I suspect Funbites are designed for "city" dogs, where 30# is big, and I don't know that these two dogs are getting much of the clean-teeth benefit from these treats.My cocker mix will pick up a Funbite to carry outside, but only after she finishes her cookie, and only after I take away the rawhide that she would rather carry outside.  She has horrible teeth, with several extractions already (and was that way when she came to me), and I don't know that she can get much benefit from chewing the treat.  She can't eat dry food anymore.The Chihuahua mix won't touch the Funbites, before or after dinner.  However, he's sneaky and has probably figured out that if he refuses the Funbite, he'll get a shot at something he likes better.  My bigger dogs do not exhibit this much foresight.I'm not much of a doggie-treat buyer.  My guys are all at healthy weight, and they eat once a day, with a cookie at bedtime.  If they want snacks, they can catch their own squirrels in the backyard.  (They used to catch chickens, but that neighbor moved away and between the dogs and the foxes, the chickens left behind are now all gone.)My recommendation?  Like anything you may buy for your dog(s), buy a small bag and test.
Our three dogs love these. We have a black lab, golden retriever and basset. The sticks do not last for very long though. I like that these provide calcium for the dogs and help to clean their teeth a little. But I would like it if they would be harder to chew, providing more real teeth cleaning power. The dogs have not choked on these. I wonder if they might though because it seems like they almost chew a couple of times and swallow. If you have larger dogs, beware.
Billy-Boy, my 3 year old rescue from the local shelter, is a 20 pound Cocker Spaniel mix I've had since he was 10 months old. He is usually up for a treat and rarely passes one by. He's had similar flat-stick chews and looks forward to sitting down with one for a leisurely chew. I offered the FunBites BEFORE dinner. He nosed around a bit, checked them out and eventually took a bite and came back later to finish it off.  He didn't seem overly interested in them and definitely didn't ask for another. I was a bit surprised because these look like they're of higher quality with bigger chunks and a shiny coating rather than the dry blah look many flat sticks have.He liked Funbites in the morning better than later in the day. He settled down for a leisurely chew and took his own sweet time enjoying them. He doesn't ask for seconds, so it's either filling and/or not a hit, he's not telling. With these he drinks more water than normal, his breath is not as bad, but his teeth look about the same. I'm not inclined to buy these as they rate so-so with the dog. Since my vet hasn't mentioned any problems with Billy-Boy's teeth or tartar build up, I'll continue with his usual treats of dog biscuits and rawhide chews since they're doing the job and he really likes them a lot.
Although there is a picture of a larger size dog on the bag, I would have to say that my 2 larger dogs did not care for these. They either like a rawhide bone to gnaw on for hours or a regular size treat they can consume without even chewing lol. They kinda didn't know what to do with this treat (a cross between a rawhide and a treat) and when it couldn't fit in their mouths (hanging over the sides), they took it over to their pillow, layed down with it between their two paws, sniffed and just stared at it. Eventually in disgust, they got up and walked away from it, looking at me as if to say "are you kidding me"?. But, that just left more for the puppy to come in and scoop up. He isn't picky yet and doesn't know any better, so he had a field day! I would definately say this treat would be great for puppies or maybe smaller sized dogs.
I have a 60lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix who absolutely hates having his teeth brushed so I'm always on the lookout for treats to help reduce tartar and plaque buildup.  Unfortunately, doggie dental treats are a bit on the pricey side if you want to give a daily helping.  When these Fun Bites popped up on Amazon Vine I naturally snatched them up right away.  Here are my thoughts;Pros+ My dog loved them.+ Affordable compared to many other dental treats.+ Helps clean teeth if your dog doesn't inhale them (like mine does).+ Resealable bag.Cons- Gone in under 30 seconds.- Contains filler/rawhide material.- Can leave a sticky residue.- Treats are too small for larger dogs.- Made in Mexico (may not matter to some).My dog sure loved these Fun Bites (although he's not terribly picky about treats) and literally wolfs them down in seconds flat.  Sadly, I doubt he's getting any real dental benefit from eating these treats since he quickly consumes them.  Better suited for smaller dogs who are not aggressive chewers (like my dog is) these treats are an affordable substitute compared to many dental treats on the market but are by no means ideal for keeping their teeth clean.
My dog enjoyed eating these treats immensely (although the list of things she will eat is long and frightening!).  My complaint is that they are so thin that they are gone to fast.  I have a 75-pound lab/retriever mix, and she gobbled the treat up practically before it hit the floor.  on one hand, that means she really enjoyed it, but on the other hand I'd rather give her something she's going to chew on for a little bit longer instead of something so puny.
My short fat 13 year old mix is a garbage disposal when it comes to food or snacks.  Recently in is old age, he has had more trouble chewing his hard kibble and he has lost interest in rawhides.  I am a bit concerned about his teeth so I thought that even though these won't fix any true dental issues, they may go down easier than our weekly wrestle with the toothbrush.  What surprised me is his hesitance to consume them.Normally when handed anything that even looks edible, unless he's seen a pill bottle, the assumed food is consumed with a vacuum like noise, a swallow and a complete lack of chewing.  I have now given him several of these over the last week or so and he's always looked at them, taken it, walked off with it, and eventually eaten it.  There is nothing bad in the ingredients so I'm not sure what his issue with them is.  Perhaps they are good for him and much like a child handed a plate of veggies, there is a bit of hesitancy before consuming anything healthy.Anyway, I'll give him the rest of this bag, but won't buy any more of them.  Also these are small sticks so I would advise against buying them for large dogs, especially large dogs that don't chew... I could foresee a choking hazard.
Not a lot to say...  They are thin and long and I usually break them into pieces...  My Terrier seems to like them but I don't think they are as easy to eat as a nugget type treat or a thicker, rounder cylindrical treat.
Fun Bites are small sticks made up of little pieces of beefhide compressed into a flat strip and fortified with calcium carbonate. The strips are 5" long and 3/4" wide. The package touts that they help clean your dogs teeth while he/she chews. They don't seem to have any smell to me nor are they artificially colored. Since my dogs adore rawhide bones, I thought they would enjoy these, too. Unfortunately, they aren't excited about Fun Bites.My 80 lb. lab/mix will take one, although without enthusiasm, but she seems to crunch it up and swallow it in less than a minute. She definitely does not chew it so it never has a chance to do any dental cleaning. My 17 lb. dachshund/mix took it, after first checking to see if I was offering anything better, and ran off to the other room with it. I thought that indicated he kinda liked them, so I gave him a few more over the next couple of days. Sadly, I discovered he was simply burying them in between the cushions of the couch.I'm not sure why my dogs don't care for Fun Bites, but there you have it. Maybe your dog will like them better. Even though there is a yellow lab pictured on the front of the package, I think because of their size, these would be better for smaller breed dogs. They don't present much of a chewing challenge for a large dog.For those who read labels before buying, the ingredients listed are: beefhide, rice, flour, maltodextrins, dicalcium phosphate, dextrose, and calcium carbonate
I was so excited to give these to my pomeranian dog and she initially got all excited over her new treats at first. She sniffed it, licked it, but wouldn't even take a bite! I've tried several times but she just won't eat them. So unfortunately, I can't tell you how effective they are or if they help clean your dog's teeth. On the bright side, I will donate them to the Humane society, so hopefully some other dogs will eat them.
Wandrdog, my 25 lb. frisky mutt is a fairly picky eater but she does like her treats.  She loves to gnaw rawhide bones.She ate the first stick of FunBites as if it were a candy bar. She cracked it into small pieces and swallowed them. There was no gnawing or much if any chewing involved. So much for teeth cleaning.The next day I performed a highly scientific experiment. I held one FunBite in my left hand and a Dogswell Vitality Chicken Breast Jerky StripDogswell Vitality Chicken Breast Treats (15 oz)in my right hand. Wandrdog looked from FunBite to chicken jerky strip and then up at me to see if I was kidding. As this was a scientific investigation, I maintained a neutral expression. Wandrdog licked her lips then ripped the chicken jerky strip quickly from my fingers and retreated to gnaw in private. I stood in the kitchen still holding the FunBite in my left hand, waiting for Wandrdog's return. She did not return. I went to look for her. She would not look at the FunBite when I offered it to her. I got the point.I think these FunBites would work best for very small or miniature dogs with small teeth.
She ate this but not very quickly.  Then she proceeded to stink up whatever room she was in for about the next 8 hours.Looks like others are having digestive issues.  Nothing life threatening here, just flatulence.  She didn't care...we did.
I have 4 Chihuahuas. Although they seem to like these I find them too large for them.I think these snacks would be better for dogs 20 pounds and up.I worry about my smaller dogs eating so much rawhide. Unfortunately these things are so tough it's very difficult to cutthem into smaller pieces. I tried with a saw and it took about 10 minutes. Too much work for me butif you have a larger dog I'm sure them will like them.
Chewy is a 70 lb doberman/sheppard mix who is what is called an "aggressive chewer."  So he likes crunchy treats (and anything else he can chew up).  Our previous try with a FunBites product,FunBites FlatSticks Calcibone, 60-Count (Pack of 5), did not go over well.  He would hardly even try to eat it.  He seems to find these treats more interesting, however.  They break up pretty quickly so the treat doesn't last long, but he seems to enjoy it and it didn't upset his stomach (though he is a mutt, so unlike some purebreeds he isn't prone to a sensitive tummy).  But for what they are, they are overpriced.  The ingredients list isn't really anything different than what you would find in a store brand dog treat.
These might be a challenge for dogs in the 30-and-under weight class.  My dogs liked them enough, to be sure, but the big guys--60 and 70 pound power chewers (black Kong dogs)--went through them in no time at all.  No dental benefit at that rate.The Chihuahua wasn't interested, by the way.
I have 3 dogs - a Grey Hound, a Boston Terrier, and a Chihuahua/Rat Terrier mix.  They all love various kinds of treats, and will also chew on generic rawhide when I purchase them sometimes.  Due to the size of the FunBites MiniCongo Digestive Support chew, it is only appropriate for my medium and large dogs.  (They are too hard to break in half for the small dog, which is what I've done sometimes with other kinds of treats.)  As to my 2 larger dogs liking the FunBites, I'm not too sure.  Both the Grey Hound and the Boston Terrier will carry their FunBites around sometimes and guard them, but they will not chew on them.  They've had them for over a week now, and I have even left a FunBite in their kennels for them to chew on whenever I have had to leave them in there.  All the FunBites are still intact.  Therefore, I cannot recommend FunBites MiniCongo Digestive Support, since my dogs will not chew on them.
I have a 60lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix who sometimes suffers from varying degrees of indigestion so I'm always on the lookout for treats to help reduce issues. Unfortunately, many doggie specialty treats are a bit on the pricey side if you want to give a daily helping. When these Fun Bites popped up on Amazon Vine I naturally snatched them up right away. Here are my thoughts;Pros+ High in protein, low in fat.+ My dog loved them.+ Contains papain enzymes.+ Lasted about 20 minutes.+ Resealable bag.Cons- Extremely messy! Give this treat to your dog outside or on hardwood floors for easy or no clean up.- Contains filler/rawhide material.- Can leave a sticky residue.- Treats are too large for smaller dogs. Approximately 3.5" in length.- A bit pricey considering you only get seven in a package.My dog sure loved these Fun Bites (although he's not terribly picky about treats) and guards them quite aggressively (not always a good thing). Sadly, I couldn't tell if he got any digestive benefit from eating these treats. Better suited for larger dogs who are average chewers these treats were nice but I don't think I'd pay the asking price for them. The best thing about these treats were they occupied my dog long enough to properly groom him without him constantly trying to bite my hands!
I have 4 mini dachshunds and 1 is very picky. They have tried FunBites CalciBone chew sticks, and 3 out of 4 dogs loved them, so I was hopeful for these bones. Unfortunately, the picky one didn't like them again, and one dog, who usually likes every bone she can get, was easily distracted. She chewed on it a little, and then lost interest. The other two dogs, however, loved them.They are much bigger than the Chew Sticks- about an inch in diameter. There is a hard rawhide outside and a dry mixed tube of a peanut butter mixture on the middle. In some bones, the middle is firmly attached to the rawhide, making the chew time much longer (a plus since it keeps them busy longer), but in others, the rawhide is pinched and the middle tube slides out with a little chewing. This made the bone disappear quickly.An odd thing might keep me from buying these bones- there are 7 bones in a bag. By not having an even number, it means I have to buy 4 bags to give each dog one without leftovers. This wouldn't matter if you had a different number of dogs, but for me, it is an issue. Since the dogs were lukewarm towards them, I would probably choose to buy a bone with an even number in the bag. In all, though, they seem like a healthy treat for your little pooches!
No one in our household liked these, of course it was only the 3 dogs that sampled them! Our neighbor's Boxer mix loved them, and our Maltese did snap up the bits that fell from his chomping. The wee ones had no interest in the treats when they were whole, however.
Since I have an assortment of dogs, I was delighted to review the dog treats. I gave them to three German Shepherds, a cocker Spaniel and a Rat-cha. I am glad to say I only had one that got loose bowels and only for one day. It was one of the German Shepherds. All the dogs seemed to enjoy the treats, for its rare that I give them rawhyde. Although the Rat-cha had some difficulty with the size of the product, the Cocker and Shepherds had no trouble at all. They appeared to have liked them with no other negative effects. Although I am sure they would appreciate another taste, I don't think that I will be purchasing the product.
On lthe day I received klthese I was dogsitting my brother's two dogs in addition to my own German Shepherd and Chinese Cresteds.  There are four treats to a pack.  They are hard white bones with a lamb flavored center.  About five inches long and maybe an inch wide and an inch thick, they promised some serious chew time.  They are recomended for ssmall, described as ten pounds or more,through large dogs.Unfortunatey, my German shepherd took one sniff and rejected it.  One of the cresteds is fourteen pounds but found it too heavy to handle.  His muzzle is narrow.  But after two licks, he to completely rejected it.  My brothers mixed breeds were less discriminating.  His chow mix, who eats everything, spent twenty minutes gnawing at it, leaving a stickyt mess.  His other, a large shepherd mix, trotted around with it sticking out of his mouth like a cigar.  He too finished it off in about twenty minutes, again leaving a sticky residue.I liked the fact that they used flax flour in this product kand appreciated the resealablebag.  However, they are a tad expensive.  also, they are not made in the US and since the pet food recalls, I limit my purchases to items made and distributed in this country.  However, since neither of my dogs cared for them, I will find them another treat.
I have a Cavalier King Charles, a 'soft-mouth' breed, so maybe my review is biased -- other dogs may enjoy harder treats like this more than mine.However, it's been at least a week since I gave my dog one of these, and it's still only half-finished. I expected him to dig in and demolish it with all speed, but he seemed pretty uninterested. As it is, I guess he gnaws on it a little when he's bored, but definitely doesn't enjoy it as much as other dog treats.I'll need to update this review after I have a chance to give one of these to a more aggressive eater, maybe my mom's dog. As it stands now, I'm not blown away by these treats. For the price, I'd rather just get dentastix or goodlife recipe treats.
This is another product from Amazon that was sent to me, actually to my dogs, to try out and review. I have two dogs, one elderly the other an adult. At first sight they were very excited since they love just about any bone you offer them but as soon as they put it in their mouth, they ran into the living room and dropped them on the floor wanting nothing to do with them...strange. Then after the younger dog eventually chewed on awhile, the elderly dog took it over after the other left it alone and walked away. Could there be a coating on there that isn't appealing to dogs?Then I gave them each one again and viola! They both went into separate rooms and chewed on them until they were gone. My elderly dog really needs essential fatty acids since her coat is very dry and her scalp is so flaky. So we'll see how well this helps after a month or so. Very happy that this is another treat that is nutritious and not just junk food for dogs.
My two dogs seemed to prefer the peanut butter funbites for digestion and the sticks for dental as opposed to these.  They will eat them, but these are not the first pick for either dog.  I can't speak to it's benefits to their coat unless they were munching these more regularly, I do like the idea of both dogs getting some flax seed in their diet because like most dog owners I would love to see my dogs live forever.These are bigger chews then some of the other chews that FunBites offers.  The outside is similar to a rawhide and the inside is where the goodies are at.
The resident dog here is a Dobie who is not a gourmet eater. He eats grass, bugs, his bed, pet food of any kind, all types of food consumed by humans, wood and nearly everything within his reach. I received one packet of four FunBites from the Vine program. I was excited to give him one because he had just chased a squirrel away from the back yard for the very first time. So, with a big grin and a sincere "atta boy" I handed him one of the small "logs". He accepted it, took one step and set it down. He gave it a sniff and walked away while giving me a puzzled look. I left it there all day and night. The next day before I fed him he sniffed it again and decided to give it a try. He toyed with it most of the day and eventually it disappeared so I credit him with having eaten it. The next day I offered him another one and he went through a similiar routine but consumed it more quickly. He showed more interest in gobbling down the next two but since that is all I had I could not make an evaluation as to whether he was developing enough of a taste for them to warrant my making a purchase.I cannot comment on the skin and coat claim because, as I wrote, I received only one packet of four of these and that is too few to be able to give a valid opinion as to any effects this product may have on his exterior. Based on my limited experience with these FunBites I cannot reach a credible conclusion as to its effectiveness and as a result I plan no purchase of this item.
These dog treats really do smell nice.  They have this lemony, minty kind of scent.  Syd, our border collie, sniffed the bone and then took his treat to his special place under the hydrangea bushes and it was never seen again.  Our cocker spaniel, the one who actually needs skin and coat help, snuffled at the bone and then walked away.  Later that night he slept next to it.  When he got up, Syd came over and stole it and hid it in his toy box.The next day, I gave Sebastian a new bone.  He dropped it again.  The border collie swooped it up again and hid it.  I waited about a week to try it again -- only after giving Sebastian some of his chicken flavored rawhides in case it was rawhides and dog chews that he had turned against.  He still likes rawhide and dog chews.  Just not these.But Syd does.  He thinks they're great.  Has it done anything for his coat?  No.  It started out shiny and still is shiny.A FEW WORDS FROM SYD THE DOG:Wuuf ruuf.  Woof. Grrrrrr.
Well, maybe not quite 60... maybe 300... That's not much chew time for the money.  My pack liked them enough, but the big guys can demolish a 9" rawhide roll in less than 30 minutes.  I'm not sure I see how these chews can "reduce tartar build up" or "satisfy my dog's natural desire to chew" with only a net of rawhide around an easy-to-chew center.They liked the taste well enough, though.
FunBites Skin and Coat Congos get mixed reviews at our house. Rocky, our puppy (who has recently tried to eat a lightbulb) did not find them particularly yummy (although he does love other FunBites products). Handing him the Congo, I was surprised to see him take it, but just walk around with it hanging from his mouth. Later he lay down next to it. Charity, our adult dog, took to the Congo immediately, and was chomping down on it as soon as I gave it to her. One good thing I noticed was that it seemed to last longer than other similar treats. Later in the evening, Rocky discovered that he could make a lot of crumbs with the Congo, so he took it into our bed where he finally finished it off (we think). Charity is the alpha dog and she may have waited until we were asleep to take it away from him! Because Rocky is a major-league chewer, his initial disinterest was surprising.
I have a 60lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix who absolutely hates being groomed so I'm always on the lookout for treats to help reduce shedding and give him a nice healthy coat. Unfortunately, many doggie specialty treats are a bit on the pricey side if you want to give a daily helping. When these Fun Bites popped up on Amazon Vine I naturally snatched them up right away. Here are my thoughts;Pros+ My dog loved them.+ Contains Flax Seed.+ Low fat content.+ Lasted about 20 minutes.+ Resealable bag.Cons- Extremely messy!  Give this treat to your dog outside or on hardwood floors for easy or no clean up.- Contains filler/rawhide material.- Can leave a sticky residue.- Treats are too large for smaller dogs.  Approximately 5" in length.- A bit pricey considering you only get four in a package.My dog sure loved these Fun Bites (although he's not terribly picky about treats) and guards them quite aggressively (not always a good thing). Sadly, I don't know if he's getting any real skin and coat benefit from eating these treats. Better suited for larger dogs who are average chewers these treats were nice but I don't think I'd pay the asking price for them.  The best thing about these treats were they occupied my dog long enough to properly groom him without him constantly trying to bite my hands!
On the negative side, only one of my three dogs liked the flavor of this treat.On the positive side, the one dog that did like the treat really enjoyed the mix of textures, and even though he's a big dog (100 pounds!) it took him 15 minutes to get through the chew. Have not noticed any particular improvement in skin and coat health, nor the promised fresher breath, but for the durability alone this treat is pretty worthwhile.
I was interested in these because my doxies have lots of issues with dry skin.  The treats themselves are a little too large, my youngest dog would not even finish one.  My other dog, who eats like a horse, took 3 days to finish his.  I did not notice a big change, but if these perhaps came in smaller nuggets that could be given more frequently, a change could maybe be seen.One good thing about these is they did not smell.  So many treats smell bad, but these did not.All in all, probably more appropriate for larger dogs, despite what the packaging states.
I'll give a few stars for packaging, presentation, and promotion of a skin/coat healthy product.  But my dogs just don't like these.  The first time they experimented for a few minutes, then walked away.  Now they turn their noses up at re-offers. And these are not picky eaters.Also -- my dogs (a Jack Russell and an overgrown chihuahua mix) are rather medium/small.  These FunBites are some heavy duty treats and really not suitable (in my reckoning) for anything other than large dogs.Sorry FunBites, but no takers in this household.
My dog usually dives in to all the new treats I give him but I have a very difficult time trying to get him interested in these. This is the treat he kind of gives a look to you after you give it to him that says "you really gonna make me eat this?", takes it to a spot out of the way where he doesn't have to look at it, and maybe two days later grudgingly finally eats out of desperation for a midday snack when there's nothing else out. I think one of the problems is they don't smell very "foody". Just about all the treats he's had before have some obvious meaty essence to them, but these don't. They may be lamb flavor, but they don't emit much real meat odor. To me they had a little of that empty rawhide smell, but that's it.. not very appetizing. He tends to abandon it halfway through which is not a good testament to the taste since my dog is not the type to leave good eats behind. I would recommend giving these as an outdoor treat since they crumble a lot, though at least the inside isn't as sticky as some other similar treats (BusyBone/Chewnola). I did like that the rawhide covering had holes throughout to give little extra pits my dog could dig his teeth into to grab and tear it apart but I don't think these will make the regular treat rotation at my home.For what it's worth, my dog is not crazy about rawhide snacks, though he readily eats it if there is some other good-smelling/tasting component to the treat. This is not one of those treats for my dog, but if your dog is fonder of rawhide-based snacks, you may have better luck.
My dog is hardly a picky eater and she scarfed this food down as quickly as any other dry dog food. And I have no complaints about the ingredients but I do have some issues.  My dog is almost 20 lbs. so she's not large but these niblets are much too tiny for her.  I feed her dry food to keep her teeth clean and healthy.  These niblets are way too small to crunch individually like she does with with her normal dog food. That's a deal breaker for me.  And the price for a 4 lb. bag is nearly twice what I pay for most other brands in the pet store. I don't see any reason why there's such a premium on this brand.  I noticed another reviewer suggested keeping this food for treats but, again, I tend to give my dog treats that will help her teeth and this food just won't do that. I'm going back to my usual brand and I'll offer the rest of this bag to a friend with a much smaller dog.
I'm picky about the ingredients in my dogs' food. This one has a healthy list, which is why I decided to try it. But the real test is, of course, how my dogs react. The two boys (20 pounds and 14 pounds) did well. They weren't super excited about the new flavor, and when given a choice went to their other dry food first. But they did eat this one and had no problems. My girl (8 pounds) didn't do well with the switch. She seemed to have digestive problems and probably a bit of a stomach ache. She wasn't eating with her usual gusto, and spent a lot of time in the squatting position trying to expel more than she had. I've switched their food before and have never seen her have this problem. Because of that, I switched them back and won't purchase this food.
What can I say? I loved everything about Back to Basics Grain Free Formula except the price. Nearly $20 bucks for 4 pounds? Ouch! That's a bit over my budget so I won't be ordering it again. Thankfully, the kibble I buy is just as good and much cheaper!
My two puppies - one a Malamute Border Collie mix and the other an Aussie mix normally eat "Taste of the Wild Pacific Stream" for Puppies (one is 18 weeks the other is about 9 months) I am always happy to try new healthy dog foods since they both seem to have stomachs of steel and need a lot of nutrition. I was excited to try this food as its one of the few that touts the use of organ meat along with being grain free.So when this little bag came I poured a cup into each of their bowls and... neither of them would touch it.  These are the dogs that race around the back yard with petrified turds in their mouths and find dead things in the woods to try to eat before I can get it away from them.  For them to turn up their noses blew my mind.  I ended up having to mix the stuff well into their "Taste of the Wild" to get them to eat it.  The ratio was 4lbs of Back to the Basics Duck to 30lbs of Taste of the Wild.Now if you are into ingredients this does seem to be very healthy food for your pets.  It is extremely pricy as well.  At the Vet office I work for we have prescription dog food that doesn't cost this much... in fact I don't think we have ANY prescription dog food that costs twenty dollars for four pounds.Needless to say I just placed an order for more Taste of the Wild... maybe the next experiment will prove to be more palatable to my two monsters.
I have a Shar-Pei and a Doberman Pinscher. I give them one of these a day. They are not really that crazy about the taste of these, so I either put it in their food or wrap it in cheese. They eat a pretty healthy kibble already, but I have seen a positive change in my Doberman's coat after using these. Overall no problems with this product. If you are feeding your dog a high quality (not supermarket) dog food, you may only want to use these as a supplement if your dog gets ill or is doing extra activities.
I thought my dogs would love these. Oh well.The Shih Tzu took his and ate it right up--and promptly vomited a short time later. The Jack Russell mix, who is not at all a picky eater, did not like it. At all. I tried to put it in his food bowl, and he craftily ate around it.It's too bad because I really like the idea of dog vitamins. I'm sure they'll work out in another household, but not in this one.
It is still too early to tell if there are any real benefits to using this with our dogs. The black lab and basset hound eat these right up. But the golden retriever will not eat one to save her life. She sniffs it, licks it and lets it lay there. These do smell like human vitamins. Maybe if they were meat flavored the dogs might like them better. I will continue to use these up and report back if I notice any results.
Our dog will willingly eat these, however after using them a couple weeks, I can't say I see any noticeable difference from a regular multivitamin.  So I probably wouldn't buy them again, simply because the cost versus a store-brand multivitamin is astronomical.  I think our local grocery store has one that has 60 tablets for around five bucks.  So twenty-five bucks for 90 of these doesn't seem like as good a deal.
The walkie way safety collar is a nice innovation. it combines a collar with a leash. The collar is made of a belt like nylon material, which is strong enough to work for small dogs. The leash rope is made of a nylon like rope that is about 3 feet long.The leash handle is made of plastic that does not look durable enough to handle the pressure of a very active dog tugging or pulling against it. It works well for small dogs (which border more on toy dogs). However, it cant replace your regular leash because the rope is limited in length and not strong enough for repeated constant use. It is the kind of collar/leash you use around the house if you have a dog you need to grab from time to time and pull to order.The leash casing looks  bulky on the Dog too, it tends to hang down below the neck. So, it does not do your dog's looks much good. I intend to transfer it's use solely for my puppies while they are between 4-12 weeks and that around the home.
I found this collar to be heavy for my miniature dachshund.The item seems sturdy and works well. However, I'm not confident that it is advisable to have such a heavy collar on a dog's neck all the time.It seems more like something to put on the dog while walking in a non-leashed area. There aren't many areas where leash laws aren't enforced, so this item seems unsuited for regular walks, and would instead be used around the house? But what would be the purpose of having a heavy safety collar around the house?
Out of my 3 dogs and my mother's 1 dog who I doggy-sit several times a week for, this worked for one of them. All 4 dogs range in size, the smallest being under 10 lbs and the largest being about 70lbs.The small dog (only 6-7lbs) is the only one I feel the nylon retractable leash would be strong enough to hold if she started to pull on it. However the collar was too big for her and the round disk shaped container that houses the leash part on the collar is way too big for her small frame.The collar itself fit our medium sized dog, but the leash would not be strong enough to hold him if he tried to pull away.So if your dog simply needs a leash for guidance and you have no concerns about him/her pulling hard on it, this is a neat idea. Definitely have to make a judgment call on a case by case basis. There are some small/medium sized dogs that the large size of the leash disk would be fine on. There are others it would be way too large for. I definitely would not expect the leash part to hold a large dog if they start to pull on it.I think this would be a good design for older, less active dogs.
The idea of a collar with a retractable leash is a good one, especially in the case of an emergency.My dog has been trying to bite the cord holder for weeks now and I'm hoping that he will gradually come to accept it.Another issue I have with the collar is that the cord is very thin, although it seems strong, I am sure my dog could break it if he really wanted to.It is better than having nothing to rely on in case of emergency, but the quality seems poor.The idea is great, but I hope that a collar will soon be made with better construction, less bulk and more durability and strength.
The coller itself is sturdy.  The retractable string is short, about 4 feet long. When my beagle wears this, the case that holds the string hangs down and seems to bother him, as if it feels too heavy.  The handle to pull it out is ok, but since there's no loop I really have to hang on to it, so it's not for walking a hyper dog.  It's great to have when my dog has run out of the yard and I need to chase after him. It is probably better for a well trained dog to have instead of carrying around a lease on walks. In my case, it's for emergency use only.
This collar with a built in leash is just okay. It is nothing spectacular. This is not a good leash to use for routine walks. The leash also does not have a locking mechanism to limit the length of the leash. That makes it inconvenient to say the least. Also, the actual leash itself is pretty large/heavy to hang around a small dog's neck. I would love to see this as an add on to my dog's harness, instead of hanging off a collar. This has the potential to cause 'choking' in dogs that pull. It is a neat concept, but needs to be perfected yet before I would recommend this to anyone.
Pros:-The collar itself is nice and sturdy-The leash seems sturdy as well even though its quite thin-The collar+leash combo isn't heavyCons:-The leash handle is too small and uncomfortable to hold. A hard puller / untrained dog might pull it out of your hands in a moment ifyou're not on your guard.-The leash retractor squeaks when it moves, i had to oil it up around the edges to stop the squeaking.-There is no way to pull back on your dog unless you wrap the wire around your arm, which will hurt if your dog pulls too much.This isnt a very useful product in my opinion, unless your dog is trained to walk properly. I wouldn't mind the fact that i'd need to wrap the leash around my arm to hold my dog back, but the thinness of the wire makes that painful and thus not feasible. Plus its not that cheap to boot. To conclude, I cant recommend this product to those looking for a leash/collar.
I use this collar on a 20 pound yorkie mix.  The small size runs large, I thought that I wouldn't be able to fit it properly on my 20 and 25 pound dog.  It is somewhat heavier than I expected and I don't know if it is uncomfortable on the dog.  It also squeaks when he walks, kinda weird.  I don't know if this annoys him also.
This leash/collar combo is a great idea but maybe not ready for prime time. The leash part is too floppy and bulky for a small or spooky dog.  It might work for travel if you have a dog with a tendency to bolt from the car or for night time potty breaks. Not for all day wear. You can use the short leash for a well-trained dog and attach a leash with a brake to the attached ring to give him a little more leeway but that would sort of defeat the purpose.  If you have a laid back dog who won't be spooked by the floppy leash part and is trained to heel this might work. Too many "ifs" for the price in my opinion.
This is an improvement over Iams' usual dog-food line.  For starters, it's free of wheat, corn, and soy.  Not all dogs have problems digesting these, but they are common allergens for dogs and not a necessary part of any dog's diet.  Fish, the first item in the ingredients, should provide high-quality protein and omega fatty acids (sorry girls, no more snacking on my fish oil capsules).  The second ingredient is brewer's rice, which is a grain by-product; not inherently bad, but not inherently healthy, either.  Rice is, though, usually a "neutral" grain for dogs (people too, for that matter).  Other ingredients, such as the vegetables (carrots, peas, spinach, and more) are probably too far down the list to really be contributing much to the nutritional value.It's hard to say whether the fish actually will provide a high level of omega fatty acids, since the type of fish is not specified and levels vary among them.  In fact, this lack of specificity is my biggest issue with this food; most of the protein sources are anonymous and could be just about anything.  The generic animal fat, for example, could be a decent source of nutrition, but it could also be made from diseased animals or old, rancid restaurant grease.  I don't know that every ingredient needs to be human-grade, but at least when that's specified we can be sure the worst offenders are left out.  There is no way of knowing with this Iams formulation.I won't know how well my dogs do on this for several weeks, but so far there have been no problems with indigestion.  My dogs like it a lot, but it's probably not fair to compare palatability; my dogs are Corgis, a breed infamous for its hearty appetite.  They'd probably eat this if it were fish-flavored cardboard (in fact, one of them readily snacks on plain cardboard if I'm not vigilant).
I have a 1.5 -year-old, 60-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix she kinda liked the food; she would nibble at until it was gone - typically she is a gobbler.  I then did some additional research online and it appears that this brand contains average protein, fat, and carbohydrates... when compared to other typical dry dog foods.I wasn't thrilled that the 2nd main ingredient and a large portion of the protein comes from chicken by product; basically what's left of a slaughtered chicken after all the prime cuts have been removed.I think we will stick withBlue Buffalo Large Breed Puppy Dry Food, Chicken and Rice Recipe, 30-Pound Bag.  Joy-Joy loves the favor and it is what my vet recommended.
My dog is a 60lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that is a bit of a picky eater when it comes to his food.  While he loves just about any treat, I always have reservations about trying new food.  Unfortunately, a large majority of popular dog foods today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag.  When Iams Sensitive Naturals dog food became available on Amazon Vine I naturally picked up a bag right away. Here are my thoughts;Pros+ No Soy, Chicken, wheat, corn, artificial preservatives, flavors or colors.+ Number one ingredient is fish.+ Can help with food allergies that many dogs suffer.+ Contains essential vitamins, amino acids and minerals.Cons- Expensive for a 25lb bag.- Some questionable and vague ingredients such as beet pulp, animal fat, brewer's rice, apple pomace and fish digest.- Doesn't actually state what kind of fish is used which is rather important as not all fish has the same benefits for dogs.My dog enjoyed Iams Sensitive naturals which was good as I hate to see him not eat and his food go to waste.  I didn't notice any improvement in any of his allergies while he ate this food and scratching/itching was the same.  Unfortunately, based on some of the questionable ingredients and the high price tag I wouldn't recommend this food for your dog nor would I purchase it again.  Our current food is Nature's Domain Turkey Meal and Sweet Potato which is sold at Cost Co.  It contains no potentially harmful ingredients, settles very well with my dog and is only $30 for a 25lb bag.  If you're looking for a good healthy food, I recommend Nature's Domain brand or if you want to better educate yourself on what's actually in your current dog food I suggest visiting dogfoodadvisor.com.  It's a great site that lists nearly all dog foods, breaks every ingredient and its properties down and gives a final overall rating on the food's quality.
I was hoping that Iams would come out with a grain-free alternative to some of the other brands, but alas, they did not.  Instead, this is chock-full with alternative grains like barley and millet to make up for the lack of corn and wheat.  It has no chicken or beef, which is good.  Very palatable -- my  dogs ate it.
I'd been feeding my dogs Iams Healthy Naturals food before this. I noticed one dog was a little scratchy so thought I might try this to see if there was any difference. There was no noticeable difference after several weeks. The food is fine, just it isn't noticeably different from my old food where my dogs are concerned. I think I'll go back to Healthy Naturals instead of staying with this new Iams Sensitive. The Iams Sensitive food had 23% crude protein, while the Healthy Naturals was actually 26% crude protein and priced a bit cheaper at the local store.
This might be handy for someone who wants a convenient, pocket-able, quick treat in a training situation, but otherwise I fail to see the point of this product.  Although it's low in calories, it's easier and cheaper just to use a few of the dog's kibbles for treats, subtracting them from the dinner allotment if calorie count is an issue.  If your pet doesn't eat kibble but you still want to give treats, I don't think this offers anything that any other tiny treat doesn't offer.  It's actually less convenient to hold the Lickety Stik for your dog to lick than it is to just toss a treat.Also, the first ingredient listed (this is the Savory Chicken flavor) is "natural chicken flavor."  Do a little reading and you'll quickly realize this doesn't necessarily mean an actual chicken was involved anywhere in this product.  Aside from that there is cultured lecithin (I have no idea what the "cultured" modifier means in this context), vitamins E and C, rosemary extract, and green tea extract.  None of this sounds harmful, but none of it sounds particularly nutritionally helpful, either.As far as dogs' opinions, we had an even split at my house.  Both dogs thought it smelled good and eagerly licked it initially.  One dog has not only refused it since that first taste, but actually pulls back from it when it's offered (and this is a dog that eats anything -- animal, vegetable, mineral, paper towel, cardboard...).  The other is happy to lick from it until I take it away.  I'll probably let her continue to use it until it's gone, but I don't see myself adding more of it to my pet-treat cupboard.
Like other reviewers have said, this may take a short time for your dog to get used to. The dog learns to lick the roller ball and get to the juices. This may not be as satisfying a treat as doggy biscuits, but I can see this product being useful for training. For instance, if your dog pulls on the leash when you go for walks, stop and call the dog to you. If he listens, let him have a few licks before continuing. I can also see it being useful for dogs who are overweight and whose owners want to cut back on calories yet can still give the dog a little treat for good behavior.
I didn't know quite what to think about this dog treat & neither did our Bichon, Biscuit, or our golden Retriever, DJ.  It is exactly like a roller ball on a deodorant bottle.  The dogs have to lick and roll the ball to get the flavor or treat.  DJ finally caught on though it took several licks to get the flavor flowing.  Biscuit still hasn't gotten the hang of licking to roll the ball.  Instead of licking the ball he tries to chew it.  He would get very frustrated when he would get a taste of the gravy, but couldn't lick hard enough to turn the ball.  He finally gave up on it & asked for another kind of treat.  DJ loves it but thought only 20 or so licks wasn't enough & also asked for something more substantial.  I guess it would be good as a treat when training a dog to do tricks or potty train.  It would be a nice reinforcement.  I also like giving the dogs a treat to keep them busy for a while, but this treat takes up my time, as I have to hold it.  I will stick to buying biscuits or other type treats.
My sister tried these out with one of her  dogs.  She says:I gave the stick a try with our small rat terrier mix, Nellie.  At first I couldn't figure out how to open it the bottle.  It looked like you pealed the wrapper off the lid area, but it wasn't coming.  Then I could see the faint perforated line around the base of the cap and you twist to break that, like a salad dressing bottle.  The stick itself is like a deodorant roll-on. Seriously.  The instructions say to shake it up before offering.  This stick was a "chicken flavor".  I offered it to Nellie, who could tell it smelled good and she tried to nibble around the roll-on top not knowing what to do.  I kind of squeezed the bottle and it made the roll-on get flavored.  She then had fun licking it and she seemed to like the stuff.  She's not very picky, so I figured she would.  The smell is not that great.  You can kind of smell it when offering it to the dog.  If you put it up close to you, it is strong, so I just kept it down at dog level.This is a very odd way to give a treat to a dog. But, I don't think Nellie noticed, she was too busy enjoying it.
Who would have thought that putting stinky smelling liquid dog snack in a deodorant roller ball container would be a good idea - although I have to admit, it's a pretty good idea!  It took my dog about 2 seconds to figure out how to use this thing...just point it at your dog and let them do the licking.  Our dog liked it enough, but when giving the opportunity to either lick this, or eat a liver Bil*Jac, he went for the item that required chewing (albeit only a little chewing).  It works well enough for a quick treat, although I think that in training, it's better and (and faster) to toss my dog a small training treat instead of having to uncap and let him lick the Lickety Stik.On a side note, this stuff smells *really* bad (aka, your dog will like it).  I can't imagine the stench come out anytime soon, should a dog decide to rip it open on a carpet or if it leaked in a car...
I am a dog trainer and this was a cool vine item to review. I always need new cool dog stuff. The dogs liked the toy /reward once they got a few licks. I love the ease of portablitiy,no pocket mess!!!!! ease of use.dogs like it!!! will work for the bacon one.*****bad news, single use container, no refills, nada. Formed plastic one time use. so 1990s sigh. sigh . sigh . very bad for the planet. please do not buy a plastic waste like this. I would pay extra for refillable container. anyone have one?
My dog is a bit shy about eating in front of people, so I should have known that he would not like these.  He didn't.  He looked at me like I was crazy.  I tried to make him try it, but he resisted and then I felt bad about doing it.One time during a bad storm he was hiding under my desk and he licked it and seemed to like it, but I haven't got him to do it since.I think the product is probably good - and there's a lot in it and it looks safe enough - it's like a deodorant roller ball - but my dog is just too shy.My cat liked it.  I wasn't sure how good it was for cats though so I didn't let her try it again.  They should make these for cats though - I had a cat that would lick her fur off, this would have been great to help divert her.It's a lot neater to keep in your pocket than regular treats.  It would be great for training a dog if you had a dog that would lick it.
At first the dogs were confused and the golden terrified. But once they sniffed it and figured out how to lick it, they loved it. I think it smells awful, nothing like bacon. But the dogs appreciated it. It is a great way to give the dogs a treat without all the calories. One calorie to every ten licks. Just be sure to store it out of reach. I can see my basset counter surfing, grabbing it, and chewing it all up.
Okay, first of all, be sure you note the design.  This liquid treat comes in a liquid-deodorant-type container. The idea seems to be that you just have the dog lick it directly off the roller ball.  This plan happens to be a poor plan.  The roller ball doesn't roll freely.  So, I wind up sticking my fingers on the ball to help it roll--thereby getting nasty liver smells on my hands. I do have the liver flavor only; I *thought* Vine was sending one of each flavor, but we just got liver, so my dog has only "taste tested" this one flavor.  She approved heartily of the taste.  Scored big wags.  These are low cal, but unless your dog is on a particularly restricted diet, she/he should be able to spare a few calories a day for treats (there are several 2-10 calorie per treat options out there, like Zukes and Mother Hubbard Minis.  Good old fashioned green beans make good, all natural, dog treats, too).  If it dispensed more easily, I would have given this  four stars instead of only two.  But the combination of it's oddity and having to finagle the roller ball with each use lost it at least one star.  Personally, I rate it two stars; my dog however gave it five (she basically likes food in general, though, and she's never met a treat she didn't like).
These treats are certainly a new and different idea, but ease of use needs to be improved before they can become something we'd purchase on a regular basis.Certainly, the concept is clever and has potential. The treats are liquid, contained in a tube with a roller ball at the top. The pet licks the ball and gets a measured dose, so to speak. But the problems begin right there.First, the two dogs (one medium, one large) both want to eat the tube rather than lick it, and getting the "lick but don't bite" idea across has proved a challenge. Second, you can give them one treat and then it seems the roller ball has to rotate to dispense the next treat. How do you do this? You can rotate the ball by hand, which is inconvenient and often messy. Or you can squeeze the tube and hope to get the pressure right and not spray the liquid on the ground.We plan on trying this as a leash training aid, a quick reward for proper behavior. The product seems ideal at least in theory for that purpose. Maybe we'll learn to use it better, but right now, it's a little more trouble than it's worth.By the way: We had three flavors. The dogs didn't distinguish among them so unless you have a finicky pet, choice of flavor may not matter.
My dogs can pack on the pounds quickly especially during the winter month so I am always on the look for low calorie alternatives to dog treats that they can enjoy without gaining unwanted weight.  These Lickety Stiks are interesting to say the least.  Much like an ink pen, the dogs roll the ball with their tongues to get the flavored water out.  The package claims only one calorie per ten licks (and over 500 licks per bottle) so that is really nice.  The first couple times I tried on both my dogs, they would give I a sniff, then a couple licks because trying to grab it out of my hand with their mouths.  But after a couple uses they no like try to take it and lick.One major problem with the Lickety Stik, or at the very least the liver flavor is that the smell is extremely strong, which is a big problem because liver does not smell very well,  and gets stronger with every lick to the point it starts to make my eyes water and stinks up the entire room.  Also, after prolonged inactivity, the liquid solidifies on the ball making it harder if not impossible for the dogs to use, but that is easy to remedy with a little warm water.  Once, or if, you get past the smell, this is a good alternative to fatty dog treats.
My husband has osteoarthritis in his knees and has been taking Glucosamine for several years. When Amazon offered a trial sample of these to test, we decided to try adding them along with his current medication to see if he was able to tell a difference.He was in pain at the beginning, which did not improve by adding this supplement.That does NOT mean it won't work for you, it only means it didn't work for him. I was really hoping it would. :-(Three stars, because one person isn't a good sampling of what works and doesn't.
Toted as an alternative to glucosamine, I was interested in trying this supplement.  I routinely use a glucosamine supplement and wanted to see how this compared.  Unfortunately, this did not put a dent in my achy joints.  In fact, I developed an unfamiliar ache in my shoulder when I started taking it.  When I stopped taking it, the shoulder ache went away.There is no "test" to prove that this works or does not work, but that weird ache in my shoulder compelled me to stop using this.I wish it would have worked for me:  The pill is a tiny oval and you only take one a day--very convenient.
On arrival, I distributed a chew to each of three dogs under 20 pounds who do like chews.  They each went at their chew with a will, and in 15 minutes the chews were gone.  As the chewing was in progress, and lingering, was a distinct odor similar to horse weeds and other strong herbs.  I cannot say how "dental" the experience was, for such a quick gulp.  If one of the purposes of the chew is to occupy a pet for any extended time, this choice is a flop--but it must have been tasty.
One out of one owner-and-buyer-of-dog-treats thought they were not worth the cost.A few additional thoughts:I cannot see an "item count" on the package.  In the picture, the treats look like skinny pencils.  In fact, each treat is the size of four skinny pencils, with eight in the bag."Cinnamon spice" is a people-flavor.  "Rancid road kill" is a dog flavor.  "rancid road kill" does not sell well.  That said, buy treats for your dogs, if that's who will be eating them, not yourself.My larger dogs (70#, excellent teeth, and 30#, bad teeth) inhaled these chews, taking just a little longer than they would take to eat fresh meat.  For this price, chews have to last a bit longer.I do not understand how the chews could be considered "hard" if used straight from the package.  YMMV.  My Chihuahua took two days to eat his.  He left a mess.  The bigger dogs didn't.My larger, 55# and underweight, young girl dog would not touch these chews on two different days.  She is one of the last dogs on the planet who needs either low fat or low calorie treats, so perhaps she was using good doggie judgement in not wasting chewing-effort-calories on a treat that may have a negative caloric payoff.
The dogs liked these one's pretty well but they weren't totally excited over them. They are larger than I expected and they don't create crumbs or discolorations on the carpet. Not bad.
LOL these certainly are not chews - not even for my 10 pound 14 year old miniature fox terrierthese are training aids (or treats).The 25mg DMG HC1 supports the immune system, aids in stress management, and adds to stamina.What's with the chicken liver "flavor" though? why not real chicken liver?Dogs & Cats under 25 lbs: Use up to 8-10 chews daily 3-4 chews at a timeMedium Dogs 25-60 lbs: Use up to 10-15 chews daily 4-6 chews  at a timeLarge Dogs over 60 lbs: Use up to 15-20 chews daily 6-8 chews  at a timeActive Ingredients Per 1 Chew: N,N-Dimethylglycine (DMG) HCl  25 mgInactive : barley flour, brewers yeast, calcium sulfate, canola oil, chicken liver flavor, citric acid, glycerin, maltodextrin, mixed tocopherols, oat flour, oat meal,propionic acid, rosemary extract, rice flour, rye flour, silicon dioxide, sodium alginate, sorbic acid, soy lecithin, starch, vegetable oil, water.Does it really need all that stuff in a 'natural' treat?
Cats need L-Lysine for their general health just as they need taurine.I told that to Sheba, my giant calico Manx, but she has a mind of her own.  I offered her this and she sniffed it with interest, and carefully picked one up in her mouth and swished it around briefly before spitting it out and shaking her head "no".  Then for emphasis, she haughtily turned her rump on it and strutted off.I will give these to the two homeless cats I feed and I'm sure they will be grateful as always and have a much different opinion, but as for Sheba, she did't approve.  It's not the fault of the product, as Sheba is extremely particular and won't even touch people food, except for two tiny bites occasionally of salmon.So if you have a very picky eater there is a possibility they won't find this to their liking.
I have two Norwegian Elkhounds, one 6 years old and one 6 months old, and a 10 year old cocker spaniel. I am always looking for new treats to use as rewards for them. So, I took up the chance to give these a try.First thing I noticed, is that these treats come in a almost "health food/gourmet" type bag leading one to believe that they are an all natural healthy treat. After reading the ingredients they are just like most other treats on the market. There is absolutely nothing special about them. That's ok, dogs like treats.Second the individual treats are fairly large. Even my adult Elkhound who is 50 pounds, I would never give her a full sized treat from this bag. For the ingredients they are just too big.Third, the packaging is made to make it look like the box is plumb full of treats. When in actuality there are not that many treats in the bag at all. But, keep in mind that each treat should realistically be broken up into 3-4 pieces at a minimum.Did the dogs like them? Sure they did, there was no messy "side effects" after digestion so that's always a plus. But, at the end of the day the size of the treats, how few there really are, and the ingredients just make this a very average treat. Nothing special here.
I got these thinking they were cat treats, but I guess they are for both dogs and cats, which is a good thing, because my cat did not like them at all.They are kind of big for a cat, so I broke it up into smaller pieces, but my cat just took a few sniffs and walked passed it. So then I gave one to my dog. If he loves something, he will eat it immediately, barely taking time to chew it. If he does not like something he will go bury it and never bother eating it. If it's questionable, he plays with it for a few minutes, then either eats it or buries it. For this treat, he played with it for a few minutes. He did his little puppy dance, bum up in the air, then poking his head at the treat a few times. Totally funny to watch. Then he decided to eat it. So I'd say it's not his favorite. Then again, he's not big on chicken flavored treats.
Nature's Variety Snacks seem to have the right ingredients. My dogs were barely interested in the treats.I'm not an animal nutritionist but I've always known that cats need more protein than dogs.Granted this is just a treat but I would think that is why few treats and designedfor dogs/cats. I was shocked to realize at the current price these treat cost over $43 per pound.Why not save money and buy your pets Filet mignon or the finest wild Alaskan Salmon.I'm exaggerating of course but I hope you get my point. You could buy a food dehydratorand make your own beef or chicken treats for your pet.
I selected these to feed to my cats.  Because amazon didn't list the ingredients I had little to go on.  I was under the impression that these were 100% freeze dried "raw" chicken & turkey treats.  When the pkg. arrived I was disappointed to see that there are a heck of a lot of other ingredients.  Seems a high price to pay for a 4 ounce package of "treats" that don't have ingredients much different from top quality foods such as Wellness, Before Grain & others.  (Ingredient list is at the bottom of this review if you are looking for that info.)These "bites" are only bite sized for medium to large dogs.  For my cats they are WAY too big.  I had to break them into at least 4 - 6 pcs. in order for the cats to be able to eat them.  Even with my breaking them up, the cats still had to work at them.  Their freeze dried condition creates a very airy & light biscuit that is spongy, not crunchy.  It seemed to stick to the cats teeth making it very difficult for them to eat.The cats will ONLY eat these if they are very very hungry.  If I put down anything else, they will ignore the Boost Bites.  I also have barn cats that hunt pretty much everything so I feed them a cheap cat food.  I know they are getting tons of healthy nutrition in all the rodents, insects, birds, amphibians & grasses they can get their little paws on.  However they do enjoy their junk kibble.  Seeing how these Raw Boost Bites were an epic fail for the indoor cats, I tried it on the barn cats.  They were a tad more enthusiastic although they appreciated having the biscuits broken into bits too despite their bone crunching swallowing rodents whole abilities.  They struggled with the bites just as much as the indoor kitties.The bites seem more suitable for a dog.  Dogs aren't known to do a lot of chewing & are not usually as fussy as a cat.  I doubt a spongy dry biscuit would matter to an animal that tends to wolf things down within a gulp or two.Even though this is a product I'm not likely to buy in the future, I do not feel it deserves less than 3 stars when I think of all the disgusting garbage that is on store shelves for us to buy & poison our pets with.Ingredients as per the box:Chicken, Turkey, Turkey Liver, Turkey Heart, Pumpkin seeds, Apples, Carrots, Ground Chicken Bone, Butternut Squash, Ground Flax seeds, Montomrillonite Clay, Broccoli, Lettuce, Spinach, Dried Kelp, Apple Cider Vinegar, Parsley, Honey, Salmon Oil, Olive Oil, Mixed Tocopherols (note: probable GMO ingredient)with Citric Acid (a natural preservative), Rosemary, Blueberries, Alfalfa Sprouts, Persimmons, Inulin (note: this is being promoted as a prebiotic for fiber & digestive health.  There is evidence that inulin may not be safe for the digestive system.  It's safety is questionable.  I avoid it.), Sage, Clove.
My dog loves these treats!  They are a good all natural product which I have no issues or concerns with giving it to my dog.  I feed my dog Wellness Core because he cannot eat grains due to skin allergies.  So to find a good quality grain free treat that my dog likes is great.  I break the treats into 4 pieces because of the cost.  Four ounces for almost 11 dollars is quite costly.  That means these treats are 44 dollars a pound!! I won't be buying much of these treat very often because of the cost.  Sorry Natural Instinct....you have a great product line but 44 dollars a pound is ridiculous!  This isn't filet mingnon people! Five stars for quality 1 star for price = 3 Stars overall.
My dog is a 62lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially food allergies. He can also be a bit of a picky eater when it comes to his treats so finding the right mix can often be difficult. I always have reservations about trying new treats as a large majority of popular dog treats today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new treats so here are my thoughts on Nature's Variety Instinct Raw Boost Bites Freeze-Dried Chicken Treats;Pros+ High in protein, 40%.+ Minimally processed and freeze dried raw ingredients.+ Dog loved them.Cons- Expensive.  $10 for four ounces is a lot.- High in fat, 34%.- Messy and crumbly texture.My dog really enjoyed Nature's Variety Instinct Raw Boost Bites Freeze-Dried Chicken Treats.  Despite being extremely high in fat content the freeze dried raw ingredients are quite healthy compared to many of treats on the market.  Unfortunately, the high price tag on these treats would make me hesitant about purchasing them on a regular basis.
This product worked OK but I did not have the results that some other reviewers did.  I think my lint rollers do an equaly good job. I did not think the Pruven tool worked well around seams or the piping on some cushions, despite their claims.  It did remove some pet hair so I gave a three-star rating.  I will keep trying this product in the hopes that I will have better results.
I used this on my microfiber couch and it seemed to just push the pet hair around. Same with my dining table chairs. With my dining table chairs it did pull the hair out of the fabric, but it didn't hold it, just made a pile of hair. A rocker chair that i have that I have no clue what the fabric is but my cats love it, this works pretty good on. Takes off hair and dirt.I tried it on my cars seats and it removed some, it was hard to remove the hair in the seams. Seems to work better with cat hair than dog hair. I have an australian sheperd and it seems to have more trouble picking up his long hair as oppose to the shorter cat hair.So depending on the fabric and the type of pet hair it might or might not work.
I have a black lab mix, and boy does she shed!  This won't get all her hair, even off a fairly smooth surface (like her canvas car seat cover).  However, if I vacuum first, this is good at catching most of the remaining hair.  The rest, I have to pick up, strand by strand.
I used this on my couch, covered with pug hair.  It works pretty good, it picks up about 85% of the fur, you would really have to keep at it to get all the fur.  Then I tried it on my carpeted stairs, it worked pretty good there also, but not 100%.  I can't find anywhere on amazon, the replacement sheets for this.  Shouldn't they be listed with the product, in the customers also looked at etc.  I see refills for their rollers.  So it could be costly replacing these sheets after each use, as instructed on the package.  Plus shipping costs.  I would not recommend this when there are other alternatives around.  I'll stick with my pet hair magnet, which works good and no sheets required.
This is billed as a "breakthrough solution in the never-ending battle against pet hair." I am not sure how "breakthrough" it is but it is fairly effective in removing a good deal of cat and dog hair off upholstery. It should not be the only weapon in one's arsenal, but along with a vacuum cleaner and other lint brushes, it helps with the uphill battle. This product is not recommended for clothing, just upholstery.The Pruven's disposable sheets are embedded with "Amazing Microtrap Grippers" which are described as thousands of soft rubber fingers or as I would call it.....Velcro. A clean sheet is press-applied to a plastic handle with a broad, flat surface and then swiped over the item requiring attention.A nice feature is that you can swipe in any direction and are not limited to the up only or down only requirements of a standard Velcro lint brush. (How many times have YOU brushed down only to deposit more hair on the surface you are working on?)I used the Pruven on my cat's favorite chair and the Pruven did a good job of removing red and white hair from the seat. The Pruven also did a good job of removing dog hair from cotton velvet sofa cushions. Pruven did not do an adequate job on a pair of woolen pants that had fallen to the closet floor and were being used as a cat bed, however.The disposable sheets fill up quickly, though. I used an entire sheet to brush a sofa. In my household using Pruven could get quite pricey very quickly.
does its job well but wish it were bigger as some of the cats will leap right over it when exiting the litterbox. It does catch a lot of litter though but so does the artificial turf outdoor mats which are bigger and cheap.
Do yourself a favor & get the larger sized mat.  The small one is too small & I only have 2 indoor cats.  The color is great as it says, it goes with any decor being neutral.  It is barely noticeable on my hardwood floor.  What I like best is how it feels.  It is so squishy & so interesting beneath the fingers.  So I'm a nutter what can I say?I've had it on the floor for about 2 weeks & so far it doesn't need to be cleaned.  While it does reduce litter tracking it doesn't reduce it enough.  I'd say it's about a 50% improvement.  Even though I use a large covered cat box, the cats can still exit to the sides or even jump over the mat if they so choose.  Obviously if they do this the mat is worthless.  I have it placed directly in front of the litter box opening.Another issue is it moves easily.  It doesn't stick to my floor.  Pruven packages their mat folded up.  This results in a crease/fold in the mat.  So far it has not flattened out. Currently it tends to slide up a tad & the entire crease forms a little mountain. Continuously correcting it is annoying to say the least.  I am hoping that with time it will fix itself.I will continue to use it because it is doing something, I just wish it did more.  Back to the beginning of my review - I cannot stress it enough, get the bigger mat.  Get the biggest one you can!
These pads seemed like the ideal solution to occasional housebreaking problems.  I have a chinese crested who periodically suffers from urinary tract infections and my brother has a slightly senile schnoodle who forgets why he goes  out.  My other cresteds, although housebroken, have small bladders and no patience.The pads themselves have a plastic floor protecting barrier, a quick dry top sheet and an absorbent core.  The packaging boasts of  a pet attractor and an odor neutralizer.  The pads measure 21 by 23 inches, perfect for small dogs.Unfortunately the dogs do everything but eliminate on the pads.  They will ignore them, sleep on them, play with them and tear them to pieces.  They will however, pee everywhere else, all around them but never on them.  I tried them with the pad holder but still no go.  Each of the dogs in question was paper trained but apparently they have mental blcks when it comes to using these.  I think they are a good idea, especially if you are training a puppy.  But if you have an older dog or a stubborn dog, see if you can get a sample before committing to a whole pack.
I'm assuming that these thin pads are meant for small dogs only, small dogs that were never trained to poop and pee outside in the first place.  These pads are thin and absorb one potty break.  After one pee the thin pad gets weighed down with moisture.  The coated side also doesn't stick well to the carpet, and an overloaded pad could leak on the carpet.I do like the non-perfume tissue, but using thes for anything other than small, docile dogs is useless.
Really, there's nothing special about these puppy pads.  They're like every other brand, and we've tried most.  It does exactly what it's supposed to do, but the price tag on these make you think you might be getting something extra.  If you're expecting that, you'll be disappointed.  You can get cheaper brands that are just as good and just as effective at places like Walgreens or Walmart or Target.It's a good pad!  It does what it's supposed to do.  Just isn't worth the price tag, however.
My dogs generally don't have problems with fleas and ticks, but I noticed a new bite on my leg, and that one of my dogs was scratching himself and chewing his hind leg constantly. I have applied Bio Spot to him twice, each application one month apart; it was easy to apply, by putting the medicine into the applicator and snapping it shut, which opens the tube for easy application. I spend a majority of my day at home, so I'm around the dogs all the time and have noticed that the itching has decreased but not significantly.One problem I have with the applicator is that it's not very good for small and/or very fluffy dogs. I have a Pomeranian, and found that because the applicator tip wasn't as narrow as some other brands, but rather a broad and flat tip about 0.25cm wide, that medicine was getting into my dog's fur rather than on his skin. I had to really pull back his hair to expose enough skin surface area to apply the medication, which isn't a big problem, but my dog hates having flea meds applied so he can be squirmy, which led me to worry that his wriggling around would just get medication on my shirt rather than on him.
Central NC, Tick-hatch season?  Not a tick on the little dog, while plenty enough on me.Central NC, flea-hatch season?  Keep the flea comb handy; I'm taking 3-4 fleas off him every day (and unfortunately, he hates being combed, despite (or maybe because of) tiny-short hair.Around here, I simply have not seen great flea control with any of the external oils, so I can't say that this one is any different from any of the others.  I've had acceptable success against ticks, which are really the bigger fear (that said, should bubonic plague make a comeback in this part of the country, I'll change this review in a hurry).I have a pretty difficult flea situation (multi dog household, outside a lot, no pest control in the garden, casual housekeeping, reluctant to use sprays on the furniture).  To the extent none of those conditions are true for you and your dog, you might get a much better result than I do.  To the extent you live in a place where cold weather kills fleas in the winter, you might get better results.Good luck.  Frankly my dear, I bet on the fleas.
It is an option to use instead of the main line Frontline or Advantage. I used it in early spring before the heat and all the bugs came out, so potency for true flea/tick season was not tested. Leaves a residue on the hair coat where administered-like other products, but this seemed to be residual for longer than would seem normal (greater than one week). Applicator is helpful with each individual dose. BUT, the first time I tried to apply it, I didn't know how much pressure to apply to administer the biospot and it came squirting out! So be GENTLE as you figure out the correct amount of pressure. It takes a bit to break open the package to release the medicine, but not too much too fast.As a whole, I would recommend it, with the contingency that I'm not entirely positive how well it would work in the middle of summer.*This was used on an Australian Shepherd.
Whether or not it'll keep the fleas at bay long enough I'm not sure yet because it's only been on for a week (so far so good), so I can't entirely comment on that aspect of this product. I can, however, say that I'm not in love with the way that this is applied. I'm not even sure I understand why it's necessary to do it in this manner. If it's supposed to be easier, it's not.My two main issues with this product are:1. It needs to be applied along the spine, from neck to tail. I think that puts your pet at a bit of a risk when you have this trail along their back. It gives more opportunity for the stuff to get everywhere and for your pet to end up ingesting a bit. The more expensive brands will only have you apply the liquid between their shoulder blades and that seems the most reasonable way to go about it for me.2. That applicator isn't the safest when you first click in a new container. I followed the instructions and when I snapped it into place a bunch of the liquid went flying out. Not only was it wasted, but it got onto my table and other things that shouldn't be having flea medicine on them. The instructions didn't even warn me about that happening, it's far simplistic for something that can be pretty unsafe.For the price, it's not bad, but you have to already know you might have a mess on your hands before you start using this. Make sure to be careful if you've never used it before.
EDIT 5/6/2013My dog no longer will touch this. After the first three tubs, he decided it wasn't good anymore and when I set it out, he'll sniff it and walk away. He still loves the lamb flavor, though, so it looks like chicken paw pie is just not a winner anymore!Original review:I have two dogs, one of which is a very picky eater. I usually feed them Beneful's prepared meals, which one dog will gladly eat up and the other takes some coaxing to eat. Similar to Beneful, one of my dogs gladly ate this..  but the other dog wouldn't even touch it. It doesn't look very appetizing, either- when you open the tub it's just chunks of beige meat.However, I am a fan of this product because the first two ingredients listed are chicken broth and chicken, unlike Beneful, which lists the first ingredient as "water".  I like that I can refrigerate the leftovers by simply snapping the lid back on, since my dogs are small Pomeranians and I usually mix this wet food with dry. I also recycle the containers and use them when I open canned dog food, or for storing smaller amounts of their dry food for travel.
the dogs like it but this stuff is not economical. You would have to feed about 5-6 containers a day for a medium/large dog. I just use this to supplement my dry food. A few tablespoons with the dry and they seem to enjoy their meals more.
The product description is pretty accurate, but to highlight a few details:Pro'sVery easy assembly.OK Back up sprinkler (not being sarcastic)Con-In very hot weather, motion sensor will not pick up heat of animals-Sensor range is limited to approx 35 degrees, so there will be a lot of blind spots-plastic construction of sprinker not that durable-Requires 4 AA batteries (not included) which mean you'll be spending extra$$ on this.If it did not have such a limited range of coverage, I would have given it four stars.
I thought this was a great idea when I first saw it but it hasn't precisely worked out; however, I think that it *could* function okay in specific environments.The idea is that the motion detector will initiate a water spray toward critters that are invading your garden, bird feeders, and so on. My primary villians are raccoons and 'possums at our bird feeders and the environment is not an open one. There are lots of shrubs around and the ground isn't flat. I find that if I set the unit where it will actually come on when a small raccoon or 'possum is detected, it runs too often -- about anything will set it off. And if I set it back, it won't initiate when it should, sometimes on the bigger animals but not the small ones.Another thing in my case is that the raccoons, in particular, don't seem to mind the water. In fact, I think that they have begun to enjoy it.I think that it's possible that this device might scare off some larger predators (and for which it would be easier to regulate the sprayer/motion detector) for animals such as deer around a garden. And it's probably true that a flat and open environment would allow the unit to work more effectively. But for my situation, it's not all that useable. I actually tried a similar idea to this with motion detector lights which would come on and hopefully scare away the critters but encountered much the same problem with the settings and they soon got used to the light anyway.On the bright side, I'm using the sprayer device to irrigate my plants so it's not a total loss.
The first one I got fell apart pretty quickly.  The sprayer mechanism came out and I wasted a whole lot of water.  Havahart sent me a replacement that works.However, you must keep the hose on for this... and most hoses have a warning that says don't leave the pressure on constantly (which is necessary here).  I had an older hose and it burst sitting in the hot sun of my garden.  Again, a whole lot of water wasted.  It completely drained my well and brought sediment into my house.  I wasn't happy.Finally, this is very sensitive for deer, rabbits, the lawn guy and my neighbor.  It isn't so sensitive for birds.  The birds got most of my blueberries this year.So those are some things to consider.
My youngest Chihuahua will eat these bars but doesn't love them at all. She normally lets it lay around until she thinks our older Chihuahua is going to eat it and then she will just eat it out of jealousy. If I was a Dog I doubt I would want to chew on them either. They are hard, brown bars that don't have any great smell to them. They must not taste too good or else my dog would devour it like she does most any other chew stick. These bars are full of fiber so in theory they should work. I haven't noticed by dog scooting but she only scoots occasionally so it's difficult to say for sure.
Unfortunately, my dog has the issues this product is intended to help with.  The pro of this product is that my dog absolutely LOVES them.  She has repeatedly attempted to steal the bag off the counter after being given the bars, so she certainly likes the taste.  However, I'm not positive how successful it is in resolving the problem that fiber should solve.  Previously I have given my dog powerdered fiber supplement added to her food (which she doesn't love), but it was helpful with her gland issues.  I haven't noticed a difference in that area since I started giving her these treats, and I'm nearing the end of the package (note: my dog is a 70-pound retriever/lab mix, so she moved through the bag at a pretty good speed!)
My dogs love these and have no issues with them, no change in poo consistency etc. For the price, I'd look into other, cheaper ways to correct scooting.  By the way, these look (in the pics) like long-lasting chews...they are not. They crumble up when the dogs eat them and they are gone in moments.
I have 2 Chihuahuas.  My older Chihuahua who is 13 has had Anal Gland problems off and on throughout her life.  One time it was so bad that her gland ruptured.  We know it's time to take her to the vet to have the glands squeezed when we notice her Scooting.  Was anxious to try these bars out on her but she won't touch them.  I think it's mainly due to the fact that she only has about half of her teeth left.  She doesn't typically eat bars of any sort anymore.  I wish they could make these in smaller bite size pieces of some sort that would be easier for her to eat.My 4 year old Chihuahua hasn't really had the anal gland problems but every now and then she will scoot.  Not often but it has happened a few times.  She'll eat these bars but she's not excited about them.  She may leave them lay around for a while before she decides to eat them.  These bars will be used as a prevention for her.  I haven't noticed any scooting since she's been taking these.  It's hard to say if they've helped though since she wasn't our dog with the problem.I'd recommend giving these bars a try if you have a dog with the problem but just be aware if you have an older dog with the problem who might not have all their teeth anymore they may choose not to eat these as mine did.
I really wanted to like this. I liked the idea of feeding my dog a diet based on raw ingredientsbut all three of my Chihuahuas refused to eat it. I tried to switch them slowly.I offered this to them over the course of a week to try to get them to adjust slowly to a new diet.They wouldn't touch it. My dogs are picky and a little spoiled. Your dogs might love this food.Perhaps you can get a smaller sample from a local Pet food store before buying this larger bag.
Dog won't eat it.  Even mixed with wet food.  He spits it out and eats around it.  The food has quality ingredients though and the dog it picky so it's hard to blame the product.  I did try to transition this food to another one of my dogs, but it ended up giving him horrible diarrhea so I stopped giving it to him.  So I'm 0-2 in trying to get this food for my dogs.  The 2nd dog did like it, but his stomach couldn't handle it.  I'm wary to try again because he likes his other food fine.Though strangely enough a couple of my cats like this food, but it's slightly too big/hard for them to chew so it didn't work too well.  I didn't try to give it to them, but they'd steal it when the dog would ignore it.
For my 70 pound dog, this bag lasts about 10 days at the recommended two per day. While he likes them and didn't seem to have any digestive upset from them, I can't really say that it worked to clean up his breath.  He doesn't eat things he shouldn't be eating, or have gland issues, but his breath smells like he's been dragging a possum around half the day.  I was hoping that this would at least make an improvement from the product description of how it is supposed to work, but unfortunately not. He has had better results from the Vetri Science Perio powder I add to his food than anything else so far.
My dog is a 62lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially food allergies as well as the occasional bout with bad breath. He can also be a bit of a picky eater when it comes to his supplements so finding the right mix can often be difficult. I always have reservations about trying new breath sticks as a large majority of popular dog breath supplements today are filled with terrible ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on Pet Naturals of Vermont Breath Bites Stick;Pros+ Ingredients are largely rather pet friendly with things such as Parsley, Spurilina, Cinnamon and Pumice for cleansing.+ Made in the U.S.A.+ Dog loved them.Cons- Expensive.  List price of $19 with a current price of $10.99 is still alot for 21 medium sized sticks.- Didn't really notice any change in the smell of his breath or waste (sorry, dog poop is still dog poop).- Consumed very quickly.My dog really enjoyed Pet Naturals of Vermont Breath Bites Sticks.  Overall these supplements are quite healthy compared to many others on the market.  Unfortunately, the high price tag on these sticks combined with their small size would make me hesitant about purchasing them on a regular basis.  Still, you could do much worse so my dog gives them one paw up.
As many who have worked in a vet office know - old fashioned greenies used to wind up as foreign objects that required surgical removal in pets who didn't chew them up properly.  So I was a bit concerned about just handing these to my little hooligans.  Upon opening the bag I discovered that most of the 21 sticks were broken giving me about 38 sticks of varying length.  I took one of the smaller ones and stuck it in a cup of water to see if it wold dissolve if swallowed whole. It took a while but did dissolve so I proceeded to step two - handing one to each of the hooligans.  My 8 month old took it happily and chewed it a bit before eating it.  My 5 month old took it, dropped it, looked at it and then left it.  After going over the ingredients - I don't really see that these will make a huge difference in the odors of their stool, but if you have an elderly pet that you cannot sedate for a dental - and they will actually chew them up, these might help a bit with their breath and perhaps even some of the tarter. I still recommend a dental food over these type of treats and above all I recommend regular dentals for your pet, but if for some reason you cannot go that route - these at least appear to be a safe way to try to help their dental health.
The Pet Naturals of Vermont Breath Bites Stick was an overall disappointment.  They smell gross, but the dogs jump for joy when they smell them.  I don't notice any breath changes.  I think that they eat them too fast for them to have any effect.  I have two cocker spaniels and a jack Russell terrier and the serving size is good for them, but the breath bites are more like your average treats in performance.  They gobble them up which makes me think that they are way too soft to do any teeth cleaning.  For the price I expected more.  I think I will be sticking to Greenies.
We have chihuahuas who hate the rain, and even more, despise the snow. I have used "potty pads" for them, but there is something "uncool" about having something that looks like an open diaper sitting on my floor when company comes.This little park looks much nicer, although it is much more chihuahua size than German Shepherd size. And, unless you put a little fire hydrant on it, I'm not sure if you could convince a male dog to use it correctly, I can see them spraying the wall instead of the pad. But for our two little girls, it works nicely, and even our 16 year old can make the little step up.It comes in three pieces, and can be sprayed down to clean it. However, especially during the winter, when garden hoses are frozen, I will be keeping a pad underneith the grass, to minimize clean up. This is easy to do, since it comes in three pieces, the grass, the stand that holds the grass (with little feet to hold the grass out of urine), and a drawer where the urine can drain, that also can be removed and cleaned.It is a nice product, but its usefulness is somewhat limited.
This system is especially beneficial with infirm dogs who have difficluty managing stairs, which poses problems in getting the dog outside several times a day.  It can be taken outside and hosed down very easily. Soak the components with some vinegar, let it sit, rinse with soapy water, and then a final rinse with the hose and you're good to go. (No pun intended.) It may be useful for puppy training as well--in our case, however, we don't want the dogs urinating on our lawn so I don't want to train a pet to use grass regularly.  The PetZoom system is quite pricey so I recommend weighing the pros very carefully. I had to give this product three stars because it is overpriced. It is easier to take Fido for a good old-fashioned walk but having the system on hand for emergencies or for older dogs who can no longer handle stairs is handy.
I have a small, older dog with health issues that doesn't like to go outside on rainy days. I thought this pet potty would be ideal to put in our basement. It's made fairly well and seems sturdy enough for small dogs and puppies. There is a removable tray to make clean-up easier. Unfortunately, my dog won't use it. I don't know if it would work better for a female dog, but my male Cavalier won't have anything to do with it.Also, be sure to check the dimensions carefully, because once I got it out of the box, it was smaller than it looked in the picture.
This is artificial grass which doesn't fool my dogs one bit.  Of course, if it were the only rug in the house it would be no problem but they still prefer the cushy feel of carpet under their feet.  If you buy this be assured you will have to spend some time training most dogs to use this.  Just like in the wild they would not come running at the sound of an electric can-opener, they aren't going to automatically know this is the appropriate reading room.I measured the tray and it holds a little over 4 cups, probably 5 cups if you have really steady hands but I don't, so you have to take into consideration the size of the bladders in question and how often you can come to empty it.  Probably a small dog could use this all day, a larger one once.  Solid wastes aren't going to fall down between the fibers into the tray so if you will have to manually pick that up or flush it with a hose.Obviously you would want it to be where it can't be accidentally bumped....
This is nothing but a "pee potty" for your puppy/grown dog. It has a collection tray at the bottom topped by artificial grass and a plastic drain. The drain is contoured to collect liquids (read pee) from the grass and direct it to the tray. It would have been great if the tray is a bit larger so that you can rinse the grass with water and collect both the pee and the wash water in the tray and dump everything in to the toilet or somewhere in the yard. Unfrotunately, you have to pick-up the tray and dump/wash it and what is worse is washing the artificial grass. Finding a good place to wash these (without stink) is the big problem. Wish they had a larger tray.Bottomline: useful for training puppies to pee in the grass and occasionally for large dogs to use. Use as a regular potty would involve a lot of cleaning.
I got this for my sister's dog, who is cooped up in the apartment all day when she's working and doesn't get to go out until she comes home which sometimes can be pretty late. He's good about not going in the house and he'll just hold his pee in for hours and hours, so I thought that this would be a good product for them.Unfortunately the dog won't use this at all. He sniffed around it but I'm not sure why it's just not appealing to him. I think it's because my sister lives in a town with a lot of greenery and this fake green grass just doesn't cut it for a spoiled dog ;) But he'll sit next to it, around it, and on it, but won't use it to relieve himself. Because he won't use it, I can't give it more or less than three stars.
Our Cairn mix dog lived to 16 and our wolf-like mix till 18.  Both dogs lost their faculties during the last couple years of their lives and unfortunately destroyed the carpeting throughout our home.  After the second dog passed, we removed the carpeting and refinished the hardwood floors.  With a new six month old "granddawgter" and foster puppies coming here while I search for my new dog, the timing for thePetZoom Pet Park Deluxe 3-Piece Dog Relief Systemwas a perfect solution for protecting the floors and providing an specific area for a specific purpose.  In small living areas, environments which prevent dog walking due to inclement weather, or for incontinent dogs, this seemed to be a perfect solution.  Out of the box, it was ready to use and appeared to be an attractive for humans and desirable relief area for the dogs.  In my experience, however, this park needs to be introduced at an early stage in order to be a successful dog relief system.  By applying an enticing "relief" scent, the dog can learn that this is the place they need to go, not on the adjacent floor.  Unfortunately, I've not achieved success with the dogs in my home, and this is now being used as a dog bed.  Since a removable tray isn't necessary for a bed, I can only rate this product with an average three stars and assume that when it does work for it's intended purpose with a suitable dog, it's great.  The clean up would be improved by the tray, but I'd still want to clean the entire system regularly since it would be used indoors.  I'll update and re-rate if this proves successful for its intended purpose around here.  By the way, the dogs had no problem using pads as relief areas and those don't require a cleaning system other than wrapping and discarding.  There's also less of a storage issue with a few chux type pads, so I'd recommend trying pads if you need to provide your dogs with an area inside for relief.  The PetZoom Pet Park Deluxe is rather costly, another negative in my opinion.
I thought this was a great idea when I asw the Pet Zoom Park. Now, not so much. The box is the size of the base.It has three parts: grass, tray, and base. Simple set up. My Beagle does not fin it intriging at all.  He walks on it it as if he's walking on ice. Since he pee's on almost everything, it was a nice try once. Although the pee splatter once it hit the grass. Now the problem, it's a three part clean up. If he pee'd on the floor, it would have been a one step.The concept is great. If you can get your pet to actually use it, it could save rugs and linoleum tiles. But for me, it's way too much to clean after use.
I have to say that we've used Dentastix for years now without noticing any actual improvement in dog breath, neither have they had any impact on pre-existing tooth decay (we got our dogs from a shelter.)  On the other hand, things didn't get any worse, and dogs love 'em.  My only concern would be for the calorie count.I have to add that we usually get the big-dog treats and split 'em in half for our small dachshund mixes, which I guess might make some difference?  Anyway these specifically small-dog treats haven't helped the dog breath...
Greenies are probably the most popular dental chew, but not easily digestible. Many people stopped using them after reports of stomach blockages, myself included. These chews are indeed safer, and I feel comfortable giving them, but they just aren't passing the taste test in my household. All three get excited about them, and then never actually ATE them!
If you have indoor cats, poop is something you deal with.  Thanks to retailers, there are lots of products to buy in order to deal with cat poop.  The question is which products are worth the purchase.  After spending almost a month with the Litter Genie pail, I've decided that the Litter Genie is not worth the purchase because (1) the refills are expensive and (2) the pail will only hold about 2 used Tidy Cat Breeze pads (& the Tidy Cat Breeze system is a definite "yes" for the question on whether it is worth the purchase).  We have 4 Breeze boxes (5 cats). With the Breeze system, there is very little litter to scoop, so the used pee pads & the poop is what I deal with.The Litter Genie does cut down on cat poop odor. We normally just scoop the poop into a plastic grocery bag & tie it up.  That works too.The Litter Genie has a small footprint, which is nice if you have a small area.We've ended up using the Litter Genie container with plastic grocery bags.  We put the bags into the litter genie, but put them in using the hinge opening, not the plastic pull out.  No refill cost, but a smaller footprint for storage.  Not exactly what Litter Genie anticipated, but it works.
Hmm. This product is much like, but easier than, the Diaper Genie line; I'm glad, because I never got the hang of Diaper Genie when my sister's kids were little.One problem with the system is that the pictures in the directions are small and are hard to see; I'd prefer them bigger or with more contrast. My biggest problem, however, may stem from the fact that we don't use clumpy litter, and that may be a requisite--I had a major problem with the system growing maggots. Maybe the system just can't be used with pine pellets?On the good side, stinks were most definitely contained, so those with relatively fewer critters should especially like it.PS--My monsters think the square ring from the film canister is the BEST toy EVER!! LOL
At first I thought this was the ideal solution for the area where I keep my cats' two litter boxes. It's small, doesn't take up much space, comes with a scoop and solves the issue of where to dispose of the cat poop so it doesn't smell up the house or garage. The first four or five days using this product were great. No hauling a bucket and scoop in and out of the garage. Just scoop the boxes, open the lid, pull the tab and the poop disappears. On about day five or six, I noticed a yucky rotten smell in the litter box area although I'd just cleaned the boxes and replaced the litter. The smell was coming from the Litter Genie unfortunately, so I had to put in the garage. Although I doubted the bag could be full that quickly with only two cats, I changed it anyway. There wasn't that much poop, but the odd rotten smell was definitely drifting out of the side of the Litter Genie. I really love the concept of the product and am still using it for now, but it's staying in the garage because the smell was just too unpleasant to keep in the house which kind of defeats the purpose of the container system.
I really like this product.  It's very easy to use and put together.  Small and keeps the nasty smells out.  I have six indoor cats and this does the job.  My only issue is the insides were broken when I received it.  It still works, but the "airtight" seal might not be so airtight anymore.  I also had to pull forward the part at the bottom with the button to get the pail to close completely. Still does the job, but the quality of the product is pretty cheap.  Overall, still like it though.edit - Used a month, the lid broke off now...and I'm out of free bags so I used a small trash can bag. Works decently that way, but obviously not ideal.  While I enjoy what it does, the expensive of using the product over time and poor quality forces me to remove a star.  Another edit - finally ending up trashing the product because parts kept falling off.  It was also just gross to deal with overall without the refill (and with the refill it's not all that great).  Now I just use it like a trashcan and put it outside in my garage which is near my litter boxes.
Someone had a good idea in developing this litter pail, but I found it more trouble than help.  First, the instructions were not helpful; I had to figure out how to put it together from playing around with the parts since the instructions were minimal.  Once I had it assembled, I found it took two hands to open the top (where you deposit the soiled litter) and it took three hands to open the middle and access the bag, cut it, and tie it.  The pail is lightweight and a bit flimsy; if one of my 16-pound cats knocked into it, that pail would be on its side.My current method is to use a baggie and twist-tie, then deposit that into a sturdy metal can that opens with a foot pedal.  The can weighs enough not to tip, and opens easily with no hands.  I will be staying with my current method.
I realy liked the idea of this, but a dog can easily get it apart. Put it up high, like the litter box, or you will have a huge mess.
Omega 3 and 6 are the same fatty acids found in your fish oil pills... and the claimed health benefits of Fish Oil are, to me, a little superstitious.Omega 3 is claimed to have potential anti-inflammatory effects and is possibly beneficial for your brain / cognitive health... but you can read online and see plenty of articles refuting any cardiovascular or anti-cancer / anti-aging effects. Omega 6, I believe, is most importantly a balance to Omega 3 and a balance of both helps with the body's metabolism of them.If you're into fish oil and want to get your dog in on the action, great -- these chews are fine. I'm not strictly for or against fish oil, and got these chews for free through the Vine program, so my dog gets a half chew daily. They smell funny, but he likes to eat them, so they sorta double as a treat. It is sort of a pain, however, trying to break these in half (recommended serving for dogs &#60;30 lbs is half a chew daily) since they're just solid blocks. Would be nice if there was a dividing line like you get with some other dog tablets or even human pills.
This product claims to provide Omega 3 and 6 which dogs need, but the oils used for these chews are not the best for long term use. The best fish oil to give to your dog comes from the body of the fish (or krill) and not the liver. These contain cod liver oil and palm oil. Cod liver oil is a source of vitamin A, so be careful if you are already feeding your dog liver treats or are giving another supplement that contains vitamin A, as too much of it can be toxic. The other ingredients in these are mostly okay.My dogs do enjoy these chews, but using a good quality salmon oil is much more species appropriate, has no fillers, and will give better results in the long run. I would only recommend these for circumstances where fish oil is not feasible or available for a short time.
These a great supplement for dogs, but I had to give them 3 stars. My pup's weight calls for half a tablet. Breaking these in half is impossible. They are extremely soft and my attempt got doggy supplement everywhere. It was like melted chocolate. So administering the recommended dosage didn't happen. We tried other supplements this company makes and they seemed more firm. Love the idea, but delivery was a miss.
These soft little chews come in a pack of 30 and each chew is individually sealed. I have been giving these to my small Chihuahua and only have to give her half a chew on a daily basis. This box should last her roughly 2 months. These chews have a strong fish oil type of smell to them and are smooth and easy to remove from the packaging. They are easy to cut in half as needed as well. According to the directions you are supposed to keep them refrigerated after opening. They contain Omega 6, Vitamin E, Omega 9, Vitamin C, Omega 3, EPA, DHA and ALA. They should be good for my doggie if I can get her to keep taking them. She is quite picky and refuses to eat these at first. She will turn her nose up and walk away but she will eventually go back and check it out later. She will eat it every time but sometimes its 30 &#8211; 60 minutes later.  A lot of the time it&#8217;s only because she thinks that our other Chihuahua is going to take it.
I have tried several of these NoviPet treats to my dog and he has not liked them but suprisingly this one he ate two of them....and then he would not eat anymore of them. My dog is diabetic and a picky eater so I am always at my wits end with feeding him. So for me I will give this product 3 stars since he did at least eat a couple of them! LOL
I wanted to be impressed with the Omega 3 and 6 supplement for dogs after having witnessed the major transformation that Omega 3 supplementation had on my husband's cardiovascular disease and on my own dry skin and inflammation. As indicated, the supplement produced GREAT results in our adolescent German Shepherd Dog. Since a puppy he had a couple of odd patches of crusty skin that would dry up and flake away.. just as another dime-sized patch erupted somewhere else. I consulted with a couple of different vets who really weren't concerned but they did not provide answers, either. Since the adolescent dog has been consuming the Omega 3 and 6 Supplement for Dogs, the small patches have become less frequent and his coat is shinier for an overall improvement in both skin and coat condition, as expected.I am very concerned with the price point of this supplement and feel it could be produced at a better value -  since I can add a traditional Omega 3 supplement designed for humans to his food (and he was taught as a puppy to take supplements very willingly with a touch of peanut butter) for the same results at a tiny fraction of the cost.I am also frustrated with the somewhat mess of these supplements when they crumble.  I found refrigerating before serving (as directed) indeed helps to reduce the crumbling, but also makes it slightly less convenient to feed to my boy (since I keep the rest of his supplements in another location.)From the package:Guaranteed analysis per 1 soft chew (5g) (minimums):Crude Protein 33%Crude Fat 47%Crude Fiber (max) 0.3%Moisture(max) 3%Linoleic Acid (Omega 6) 200 mgVitamin E 20 IUOleic Acid (Omega 9) 600 mgTotal Omega 3 150 mgEPA  40 mgDHA 35 mgAlpha Linolenic Acid (ALA) 45 mgVitamin C 5 mgI also appreciated the mostly natural ingredient list: &#34;Poultry meal, palm kernel oil, brewers dried yeast, cod liver oil, pea protein, vegetable oil, beeswax, flaxseed oil, natural chicken flavor, carnauba wax, lecithin, a-tocopheryl acetate, ascorbic acid.&#34;Overall I do like this supplement for dogs but would not be able to justify the added expense on our budget on a routine basis when other economical supplements and food sources exist for these proven nutrients.
All my dogs loved these supplements but before I could notice any difference in their coats I started noticing they were experiencing soft smelly stools.  I didn't notice this with the Calm Aid variety but probably because I did not give them that supplement on a daily basis.  After I stopped giving them this product, their bowel habits slowly started to return to normal.If you decide to try these with your dog store them in the fridge, it makes them easier to release from the packaging.  They don't smell bad and are soft and very tempting to doggy taste buds.  Even my fussy eater loved them.
I wish I could say that my dogs just loved these and wolfed them down, but the truth is only one would eat it and that was after a lot of coaxing.  The smaller dog simply would have nothing to do with it after smelling it.  Usually they eat whatever I put down in front of them so it always surprises me when they refuse what I think would be a tasty tidbit.I must say that when I first opened the individual vitamin pack I was taken aback at the rather disagreeable smell of it.  It stunk.  O.k. so it doesn't smell at all appealing to me but the dogs will probably love it - not.  I'm sure these are good for dogs who don't eat good quality dog food and for some dogs who just have a chronic vitamin deficiency, but I can't see my dogs readily eating these every day.  And I have to quarter mine because both of my dogs are each very much under 30 pounds.  But the vitamin squares are soft and very easy to cut with a sharp knife.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that suffers from repeated skin problems due to his allergies.  He can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I always have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on NoviPet Omega 3 and 6 Supplement for Dogs;Pros+ Helped make his skin and coat healthy, shiny and soft.+ Contains Omega 3, 6 and 9 as well as Vitamin C and E.+ Soft and easily chewable, great for older dogs.+ Produced from natural ingredients.+ Grain free as far as I can tell.+ My dog loved them as if they were a treat.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of "Dogs 60-99 lbs should receive 2 soft chews daily."  With a list price of $11.99 these would cost me anywhere between $24 a month.- Packaging is slightly inconvenient and individual tablets are in non-perforated plastic sealed by a single plastic sheet.  A minor gripe but I felt it was worth mentioning and you'll be using a scissors if you want to divide the pieces up.- Varied expiration dates.  This particular package expires in only 7 months from when I received it.- Some confusion on storing these supplements.  The packaging say refrigerate before serving but we're just keeping them out.  Also, I doubt they were refrigerated in Amazon's warehouse or on the trucks when being delivered.My dog really seemed to enjoy NoviPet Omega 3 and 6 Supplement for Dogs but adding these to his regular daily supplements would be spendy and I can't justify the extra price to add these when he already takes Fish Oil.  Overall these supplements are quite healthy compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis.  However, if you have an older dog suffering from skin/coat issues and hard supplements are something they can't chew then NoviPet Omega 3 and 6 Supplement for Dogs may be a good alternative.
Both of my dogs have been in good health, but I've recently tried this product for one dog (a rat terrier) and another brand of Multi Vitamin for my bigger dog (a Doberman).  It's difficult to evaluate a healthy dog becoming healthier, as you can imagine.So I had to get a bit creative in reviewing these and analyzing my dogs.  First off, this product (as icky as it feels...it's a hard goo, like a Rolo candy and also has to be refrigerated) was appealing to my rat terrier.  I didn't have to fight him to get him to take it.  His energy level seemed average and his activities were the same.  He's seven and in fine form.  I noticed no bowel issues after this, and he seems calm at times when he's in the house.  He watches tv with me and I do notice that he sleeps for longer periods.I contrast this with the Doberman who didn't like her vitamins and became quite gassy with them (ickkkkk).  That's another product though, so I am appreciative that this one seemed to be fine for his gastro health.Other than that, aside from the gross handling of the sticky lozenges, we are pleased and will purchase these for our rat, and for the Doberman too.
These appear to be decent, quality-made supplements and are nicely packaged in 4 sealed sleeves for convenient storage / dispensing.They smell weird, but my dog likes them so they double as dog treats.My only complaint (as with the other chews from this seller) is they're hard to snap in half -- the serving suggestion for dogs &#60;30 lbs is half a chew daily.  I wish there was some kind of snap-line like there is with tablets from this seller. Trying to snap the chews in half eventually works, but not without me getting a bunch of the chew melted/mushed onto my fingers. 3 stars.
These chewable multi-vitamins for dogs come in a 30 count box. The price is a little high for the number of chews in the box. Luckily for the size of our Chihuahua&#8217;s this will make a 60 day supply because they only need to take half of the chew per day. You are supposed to keep these refrigerated and splitting these cold chews can be a pain sometimes.  Neither of our dogs seems to like these at all. One of them turns her nose up and walks away and the other will let it sit for 30 minutes before deciding to eat it. She usually only eats it because she thinks the other dog is going to get it. She has taken it every time so I&#8217;m happy but I can tell that she isn&#8217;t excited about them. I think vitamins for dogs would be a good idea because dogs eat so much of the same thing over and over again that they have to be lacking in certain vitamins. I suppose these are as good of a way as any to get them to take vitamins but it would better if they actually believed they were a snack and liked the taste.
Just a multivitamin, a bit pricey, and a bit inconvenient.  I like the idea of rotating their food and adding a supplement, but I much prefer the Vetri-Science Canine Plus chews.
Unlike other reviewers, I had no problem splitting the chew in half as it is scored and broke in half easily.  I did refrigerate my chews as instructed on the packaging; perhaps the other reviewers did not refrigerate and that is why they had difficulty.  These multi-vitamins were eaten by my dog who smelled it when I put it in her dish and looked at me like I'll eat it if you want me to but it is not a very good treat for me.  She likes many other treats so I guess she is entitled to have her personal preferences like the rest of us.
My two little guys seem to like these. They are good enough that we can use them as a training treat. They break easily into small pieces. My older dog has had good nutrition his whole life but our new rescue hasn't. I am sure it is important that we meet those nutritional deficiencies. This is an easy way to do that.
With dog multi-vitamins your dog will either love them or hate them. Just check out all these reviews and you'll see a mix of results. I'm not a vet so I can't confirm if it's actually doing any good when they do eat them but I can say that I have one dog that will eat just about anything, and one that is really picky. You guessed it, one dog would eat these and the other investigated them but ultimately turned away. The one thing to be careful of is stressing your pet out, If you have to wrangle your dog to get them to take a multi-vitamin I question if the stress you put on them off-sets the good a vitamin would do, I don't know.Can I recommend them? It's really a decision you need to make for yourself. I'm not concerned they are &#34;bad&#34; for dogs, it's just a matter of will you get out of these enough to justify the cost? For me it's iffy. At $12 (current price as of 12/31/13) for 30 of these, that is an extra $12 a month or $144 a year per dog, in my case 2 so $288. I am thinking I'll pass on these in the future.
I really wanted to give this product a lot of stars but I can't since my dogs just don't like the vitamins very much.  I was really surprised because they always seem to eat everything I give them.  Both are small - one is a chihuahua and the other a 12 pound cutie so I had to cut the vitamin squares into 4 equal parts.  The directions said dogs under 30 pounds give one chew - but I just really don't want to overload them and get them sick so I cut the squares up.  They are soft and easy to cut.  After several attempts over a few days the Chihuahua still refused to eat them but the other dog finally would eat it though very slowly.  Seems like the vitamin content was o.k. I just guess they don't have a very appetizing flavor.  Usually I try tasting such things myself but this time I opted not too since the dogs are having trouble with them.
The vitamins are better tasting than others I've tried but my dog only eats them occasionally. I am also unsure of the benefits of using multivitamins on dogs since they are now considered bad for humans. Still thinking about this issue.
My dog really likes NoviPet Omega 3 & 6 version of these but he's not especially happy with these. He'll eat them with coaxing eventually. I don't really know what he detects that's not as appealing as his NoviPet favorites. For me it's a convenient way to get him to take a multi-vitamin compared to the powders that need mixing in his food that he also turns his nose up and passes by. He has to have no other options in order to consume that meal.I hate that he has to be on the edge of starvation to eat the vitamin-y mix.This is a viable option even though coaxing is needed.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I always have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on NoviPet Multi Vitamin Chews for Dogs;Pros+ Contains Calcium, Phosphorus, Copper, Iron, Manganese, Zinc, Iodine, Thiamine, Riboflavin, Cobalt, Niacin, Pyridoxine, and Vitamin A, D3, E and B12.+ Soft and easily chewable, great for older dogs.+ Produced from natural ingredients.+ Grain free as far as I can tell.+ My dog loved them as if they were a treat.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of "Dogs 60-99 lbs should receive 2 soft chews daily."  With a list price of $11.99 these would cost me anywhere between $24 a month.- Packaging is slightly inconvenient and individual tablets are in non-perforated plastic sealed by a single plastic sheet.  A minor gripe but I felt it was worth mentioning and you'll be using a scissors if you want to divide the pieces up.- Some confusion on storing these supplements.  The packaging say refrigerate before serving but we're just keeping them out.  Also, I doubt they were refrigerated in Amazon's warehouse or on the trucks when being delivered.My dog really seemed to enjoy NoviPet Multi Vitamin Chews for Dogs but adding these to his regular daily supplements would get a little spendy in the long run.  Overall these supplements are quite healthy compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis over other multivitamins.  However, if you have an older dog who needs their daily multi vitamins and hard supplements are something they can't chew then NoviPet Multi Vitamin Chews for Dogs may be a good choice.
We have 2 small dogs.  A serving for them is 1/2 a chew daily.My one dog who is 14 and has no teeth won't touch these.  This is not surprising for her though.  She only wants the "junk" treats.My other, younger dog doesn't really want anything to do with these either.  She'll leave it lay there for quite a while before she'll eventually eat it.  The only reason she eventually eats it is because she doesn't want someone or the other dog to get it.  This isn't the norm for her, she pretty much eats anything.I wish these would be a bit more appealing to the dogs.  If they actually didn't mind eating them I'd rate them higher but since my dogs really don't want them I'm sure there are others out there that won't eat them at all.  If your dog isn't picky then sure, I'd recommend giving them a try.  If your dog is picky about what it eats then know that they may turn their nose up as these.
I got these for my Doberman, who, at 8 years old is having hip and leg issues.  She's gorgeous but a bit stiff.  I thought these would help.  Two weeks in, I saw her actually crawl under a fence which she never does.  Maybe it's because she wanted out so bad, or maybe it's the product.  I agree, it's too early to tell.  BUT, she is running and getting up and down off her pillow with more ease.The thing is, they come in little rectangular plastic inset forms, which hold them because they are soft.  Soft and gross.  Poop colored no less, and have the texture of a Rolo. Having to give her four at a time just grossed me out as the texture is so soft and starts melting on your hands as you give them to the dog.  And she isn't the most enthusiastic for them, so I don't think they are that flavorful.  I'm not going to taste them to see! But given this dog will eat anything with relish, I can't help but think they lack yumminess.  The entire line has their products delivered this way, which seems unnecessarily icky.  I have other meds for her that are simple chewables that are much easier and make less mess.
I have a 7 year old beagle in the 35lb range. So directions for the package say that she should eat two of these a day for a month then one a day going forward. I want her to play like she used to and so suppliments seem like the best way to ease some of her stifness. My observations:- She ate the pellets. It took a minute and she actually sniffed then left them alone until I commanded her to eat.- I didn't notice much of a difference, if any, in joint use/ pain after use. It could be it takes longer to kick in. But don't expect much right away.- At 2/ day (and larger portions for even bigger dogs) I'm looking at 3 of these boxes for month 1 then a box a month. At the price of around $10 that's $30 for month one and $10 going forward. If I knew it worked then this isn't much to pay for my dog. But since I don't know if it works and wont know until I've paid for a few months of it (or in other words after $30-40) then it seems like an investment with a bit of risk.Overall, I don't know how to feel about this. I'm going to complete this box and see if she moves better. If so, I may go for box 2 and 3 to finish out the month. But like suppliments for humans this product seems to be hit or miss and hard to verify if it is working.
I have a six-year-old GSD with light hip dysplasia and an 11-year-old dog with severe arthritis.  Both need glucosamine/chondroitin with MSM.  When taken regularly for 4-6 weeks and then continued on a maintenance level, daily supplements are beneficial to the dog.This stuff, while tasty to both dogs, however, is expensive.  Even for one dog, four tablets a day is just a week's supply. That is not enough to get started to see results.  There are other products such as Dasuquin with MSM, that are very effective (and highly-rated) and more affordable.While this product is fine for a dog on a maintenance level, pet owners of large dogs may want to consider other products such as Dasuquin.  Ultimately the decision will be based on the dog, as my dogs find the taste of this product to be very good.This product is made in Israel.
These little chews are in a 30 count package and each chew is individually sealed. According to the package they are supposed to remain refrigerated. They contain Glucosamine and Chondroitin which I use myself for healthy joints and it has really helped me over the last several months. So in theory they should help a dog maintain and repair their joints as well. I can&#8217;t really comment on whether or not they have helped my Chihuahua because it&#8217;s not like she can talk to me and tell me yes my joints feel much better. They also contain MSM which I am unfamiliar with. These little chews are sometimes a little difficult to remove from the packaging and they can also be difficult to cut in half because the knife wants to slide around when you try to slice it. For my size dog you are supposed to feed one chew daily for four to six weeks and then switch to  a chew daily. It might be practical for smaller dogs but these would be really expensive to give daily to a very large dog. Dogs over 100 lbs are supposed to get six chews daily which would mean that this box would only last 6 days.The first time I gave these to my small Chihuahua I tried to play it off as a snack. She got all excited and took one sniff and stepped back. I put it on the floor and she inspected it and walked away. She has always been picky and this was not at all a snack to her. The good thing is she will eat them after it lay&#8217;s around for a while. I guess the important part is she will eat them but I wish she liked them better.
I have a yellow Lab that has pretty back arthritis.  I've been giving him glucosamine and MSM (and sometimes chondroitin) supplements for several years and it does help.  This product has the right ingredients and my dog likes it OK, but it is about four times as expensive as the equivalent amount of the active ingredients in pill form intended for human consumption.  My dog will eat the pills if I mix them in his dry dog food, so I'll save money and just go back to the pills.
My dog is small and middle-aged and is not having joint or hip problems but she is a long dog and sometimes needs to go to the chiropractor for spine support so I thought I might try these NoviPet Joint Support Chewable Tablets for Pets to see if they might help her spine at all.  The ingredient listing is good IMO.  I enjoy including MSM in my diet to prevent aging; MSM is a well-known anti-aging supplement with many numerous other benefits, just google it.  Anyhow, my dog who is not a finicky eater was not impressed with these as treats although she would eat it when I asked her too.  Usually she will wolf down anything I put in her bowl, but with these, she runs to the bowl, sniffs it, and turns to me, like &#34;do I have to eat this? I would rather not.&#34;  I ask her to eat it and she will so it is better than some supplements you have to hide inside of cheese, nut butter, or a hot dog but it would be nice if my dog thought of it as more tasty than she does.  I could not tell a difference with her on these.  She did not have a flare-up but I could not see an improvement either.  MSM does not particularly taste good to me so it may be hard to get dogs to eat it I am not sure.  Thank you NoviPet and Vine for the opporutnity to review these Joint Support tablets for pets; I sincerely appreciate it.
My Dobie, Max, has a hip problem that makes it uncomfortable for him to get up after lying down for a spell. My vet gave him a prescription for glucosamine which gave him some help. I thought I would give Max a try with a product that does not require a prescription, such as these tablets. The instructions on the box of NoviPet tablets says to give Max 6 tablets a day. I do this with his breakfast. There are only 30 tablets in the box so I have 5 days worth. A month supply of these tablets would cost me $60.00.After only 5 days of use it is difficult to determine the effect of these tablets. However, $60.00 for a one month supply is an exorbitant amount to pay and the cost is higher than the prescription cost. So, I give NoviPet three stars for the benefit of the doubt concerning the effectiveness but I have to deduct two stars for the surprisingly high cost. I will not be purchasing a refill of these tablets but will order a refill of the prescription.
Will NoviPet Joint Support Chewable tablets help pets with some forms of joint issues? ABSOLUTELY.  The main ingredients speak for themselves - Glucosamine sulfate 500 mg, Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM): 500 mg, Chondroitin sulfate (porcine source): 50 mg. However, with that being said, there are human grade supplements available for a much better price that do not contain the questionable extra ingredients including Carnauba wax, Poultry meal, Palm kernel oil, and Vegetable oil. The remaining ingredients are fine, but there are much better sources if you really want to supplement these as well - Brewers dried yeast, Beeswax, Lecithin, Natural chicken liver &#64258;avor,  Pea protein, and &#945; -Tocopheryl acetate.My German Shepherd Dogs quickly took to liking these tabs, but the same dogs are trained to take "scooby treats" which also applies to taking supplement tablets and soft gels with ease. The NoviPet chewables all dissolved in my hands, I found it was best to freeze them to limit the mess. The cost is also prohibitive when factoring in multiple large dogs who would EACH consume 3 to 6 tabs daily.Made in Isreal.
When it comes to vitamins for your dogs, your dog will either love them or hate them. Just check out all these reviews and you'll see a mix of results. I'm not a vet so I can't confirm if it's actually doing any good when they do eat them but I can say that I have one dog that will eat just about anything, and one that is really picky. You guessed it, one dog would eat these and the other investigated them but ultimately turned away. The one thing to be careful of is stressing your pet out, If you have to wrangle your dog to get them to take a vitamin I question if the stress you put on them off-sets the good a vitamin would do, I don't know.Can I recommend them? It's really a decision you need to make for yourself. I'm not concerned they are &#34;bad&#34; for dogs, it's just a matter of will you get out of these enough to justify the cost? For me it's iffy. At $9 (current price as of 12/31/13) for 30 of these, that is an extra $9 a month or $108 a year per dog, in my case 2 so $216. I am thinking I'll pass on these in the future.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that suffers from repeated joint problems due to degenerative join disease and the abuse he suffered before he was rescued as a puppy.  He has a shattered femur in his back left leg that was never allowed to properly heal which results in severe arthritis.  He can be a bit picky when it comes to his supplements so finding the right brand can often be difficult. I generally have reservations about trying new dog supplements as a large majority of popular brands are filled with questionable ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. I'm always willing to try a new brand so here are my thoughts on NoviPet Joint Support Chewable Tablets for Pets;Pros+ Main ingredients Glucosamine sulfate (shellfish source): 500 mg, Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM): 500 mg, Chondroitin sulfate (porcine source): 50 mg.+ Soft and easily chewable, great for older dogs.+ Produced from natural ingredients.+ Grain free as far as I can tell.+ My dog loved them as if they were a treat.Cons- Expensive on a regular basis with larger dogs.  My dog falls under the category of "Dogs 60-99 lbs should receive 4 soft chews daily."  With a list price of $16.99 ($9.89 currently) these would cost me anywhere between $40 and $68 a month.  After 4-6 weeks they recommend dropping to 2 tablets a day so the cost would then be half.- Packaging is slightly inconvenient and individual tablets are in non-perforated plastic sealed by a single plastic sheet.  A minor gripe but I felt it was worth mentioning and you'll be using a scissors if you want to divide the pieces up.- Varied expiration dates.  This particular package expires in only 4 months from when I received it.- Some confusion on storing these supplements.  The packaging say refrigerate before serving but we're just keeping them out.  Also, I doubt they were refrigerated in Amazon's warehouse or on the trucks when being delivered.My dog really seemed to enjoy NoviPet Joint Support Chewable Tablets for Pets but compared to his regular Glucosamine supplement,Cosequin Joint Health Supplement, I can't justify the difference in price to permanently switch to these.  Overall these supplements are quite healthy compared to some others on the market.  Unfortunately, the Cons I listed would prevent me from purchasing them on a regular basis.  However, if you have an older dog suffering from joint issues and hard supplements are something they can't chew then NoviPet Joint Support Chewable Tablets for Pets may be a good alternative.
As cat food goes, this is an excellent product. It is good for your cat and your cat will love it.The one problem is value. You get 24 3oz cans for over twice what you can get 24 5.5oz cans of other brands. If you have just one cat, it might be worth it, especially for the quality ingredients, but if you are feeding the entire neighborhood as it seems for me sometimes (they know I can't say no to a hungry kitty), you would be better off with 9Lives or Fancy Feast.
My two older, moderately overweight dogs, a 40lb terrier mix, and a 90lb Shepherd, readily accept and each these K-9 Slim Down Chews.  However, after approximately 2 weeks, I have not noticed any difference in food quantity intake or appetite suppression.Both dogs are fed a high quality dog food that contains no corn fillers, and neither dog gets table scraps, so their carbohydrate intake is not on the high side.  Both dogs have plenty of space to exercise, and both do so on nice days. As older dogs they really enjoy their sleep too.So, perhaps the K-9 Slim Downs are only effective if your dog has a high carb diet?  Since my dogs do not, the Chews were not effective even though both dogs loved them and chewed them before swallowing (note the Chews are pretty small, so a larger dog may be more inclined to swallow without chewing).
My 80lb retriever mix doesn't even chew these treats.  He just swallows them.  You are suppose to give them 2 treats before a meal to suppress their appetite.  It did nothing for my dog.  Perhaps he is just greedy for food, but he has same appetite regardless.  He would eat my dinner if I gave it to him no matter how full he was.  The treats are very tiny, and remind me of biscuits I used to use to train him.  They are so small he doesn't even chew them.It doesn't work for my dog as an appetite suppressant, but he does eat them like any other treats.  I'll pass on these in the future.
We have one dog that has weight issues; he was a rescue, found starving, and has a tendency to over-eat and gain weight easily despite our best efforts at watching his diet. I thought this would be a good option for a treat now and then so he doesn't feel left out. He likes the flavor and seems to heartily approve but, this seems to give him stomach upset. We only give 1 at a time so not really sure but have avoided it since. It should be noted, this dog has a very sensitive stomach...everything upsets it at first so this might be limited to him or it could be something contained in the treat itself.
I recently got Pet Naturals K9 Slim Down Chews to give to my dog only to end up giving it to my friend's dog.  My dog hated these chews - apparently my "not picky dog" decided that these were not his idea of a yummy snack and refused to eat them.  My friend's dog however, LOVED these chews.  While it doesn't seem to be helping his dog lose all that much weight, he did notice that his dog is eating a little more slowly, if not a little less than usual.  That said, I would probably try to find these chews in a pet store first before buying them for your pooch.  Some dogs will not like it, and you might as well let your dog try this first before committing to a large sized bag.
I might experiment on myself, but not on my precious Golden.  I got these expecting a low-calorie dog treat suitable for dogs-on-a-diet.  Instead they are basically a weight loss supplement for dogs.  And I just wasn't comfortable with that.
At the last vet appointment, the doctor said my Chihuahua was getting dangerously close to the magic number of being overweight.  I gave these a try to make sure he does not go over that number.  It is recommended that you give them the chew ten minutes before they eat so I would give him it right before we go for a walk because I always walk the dog before he eats his meal.  He had no problem eating them and really enjoyed the crew.  As for how well it works, I did not notice much change, though when it comes to Chihuahua, losing a whole pound in a month or two could be too much of a weight lose for a dog that small.
I have a chihuahua who is a tad bit overweight.  I've been giving her 1-2 of these a day for about 3 weeks now.  When I give these to her she'll look at me like she'd rather have something better but when she sees that this is all she's getting she'll carry it off and eat it.  You can tell that she's not real big on them but she'll still eat them which is good.I haven't really noticed a huge change in her yet but she doesn't look as "chunky" as she does at times.  I have noticed that she's eating less food though.  Hopefully I'll start seeing a bit more change soon.I would recommend trying these.  I would bet that there are many dogs out there that probably won't eat these though since they're obviously not as good as snacks.  Worth a shot though if it helps.
Three stars because my cats like the flavor and eat this very readily, two stars off based on its ingredients.  Chicken and chicken broth are the first two ingredients; however, they go downhill from there to include that classic pet-food mystery, "meat by-products," artificial flavors (relatively high on the list), unneeded thickeners, products to help color retention (additives intended to appeal to pet owners rather than pets are, ahem, a pet peeve of mine...couldn't resist the pun, but it's true).  This isn't a terrible food, and obviously I wouldn't refuse to feed it, but I think you can do better for the money.
****that's what I call my Himalayan .There is almost nothing she likes, including me, so I was surprised she sucked this up like a brand-new Dyson. Whenever I go to the kitchen there she is , like a ninja, sitting by her dish and looking at me with those slant-y  little blue eyes. Is it like fast food to humans or is it so unsatisfying she is hungry again in thirty minutes? They advise one 3 oz can a day per 3.5 pounds of cat. In other words 2 cans for a 7 pound cat.The guaranteed analysis:Crude protein 11%Crude fat 5%fiber 1.5%Moisture 78%Ash 3%Taurine .5These ingredients are almost identical to their ( Nestle,Purina) Friskies pate which is in 5.5 can.  The 3 oz FF is aprox .70 cents per can The Friskies is aprox. .78 cents per can on Amazon. You do the math.As for the ingredients you can find much better food for you cat. Blue buffalo, for instance.  Your cat will probably like it (although I had one cat who took one lick and backed off). Your kids would probably like dunkin donuts, too, but would you want to feed them that every day?
My 75 pound lab mix eats these things and swallows them before they can even fight the tartar on his teeth.  They are too small for a large dog.  Giving him 2 a day gave him diarrhea.  If you have a small toy dog, they can take their time to chew these things and it might work better for their breath.  However, for big dogs, a few bites and it is gone.  It's too expensive to feed daily, and I wouldn't get the advertised benefit for my dog based on his size.  This is more recommended for small dogs who eat tiny nibbles.
1 out of 6 dogs in our house refused to eat these treats. The others ate them, but were not nearly as enthusiastic as they are with other types & brands. These treats are small round tube shapes with a filling of some sort inside them. They are green in color and have a distinct, slighly funky smell when you take them out of the bag. They may well help long term with dental health, but if the dogs won't eat them then there is no sense in spending money on them. The dogs that did eat them weren't really fond of them which means I'll buy something different in the future.
Five out of five dogs think these treats are tasty and enjoyable.One out of five dogs needs to chew them and presumably, gets some dental effect.  He weighs nine pounds.Four out of five dogs (average 72#) inhale these treats on one chomp.If your dogs eat 9" rawhides in 15 minutes or less, these are not useful treats.If your dogs are black-kong only, these are not useful treats.If your dogs have ever destroyed a Jolly Ball, these are not useful treats.If you can wash your dog in the kitchen sink, you might get a lot of value from these treats.
I have two small dogs so I break these stick in half and give one-half to each dog (chihuahua sized dogs), so a full sized stick is just way too much for them.  However, they both have them wolfed down in only a few moments.  I don't think the sticks really last long enough to do much good against their teeth as they chew them up.  I think these sticks are a really great idea, I just think the composition of them should be made such that it takes a lot more chewing before they disappear.I've been giving these to my dogs nearly every day for over a week, and I think only one dog's breath is not as atrocious as it used to be.  I feed them dry food about 90% of the time, but they still get plaque and tartar.  It's really a hard thing to do to find a product that's safe, works well and is reasonably priced to keep your dog's teeth reasonably clean.  My dogs won't let me brush their teeth like my sweet, old spitz did may she rest in peace.
This product gets a mixed review from me - in some ways it's pretty similar to other dental health sticks I have given my dog (70 pound retriever/lab mix) in the past - same green color, same X shape that is supposed to be beneficial for teeth.  She liked the taste just fine, and in theory I liked that while the outside is crunchy the inside is some kind of soft filling.  However, because she just scarfed the treat down in one bite I can't believe it was useful to her teeth in any way.  I would say these are considerably smaller than other dental health products I have bought in the past (Greenies, for example) so I don't think I would ever buy these for my big dog.  The picture on the front of the package shows a small, medium, and large dog so you would think that the product would be good for all, but I can only see it working for the smallest dogs that would have to chew to get through a fairly small stick.  If they supplier makes a larger version for big dogs I would be happy to give that a try.
I am not sure about these supplements. All four of my dogs love them; I mean obsess about them. But the problem is, I haven't noticed any real improvement in their breath. One definitely has worse breath than the others, but there wasn't improvement for any of them. Maybe this supplement takes more time to work? Or maybe it just doesn't really work. I am not sure at this point, and I will update as they continue to use them, but as of this moment, I have not noticed any real, tangible improvements.
I had to parcel out little bits to test on four of my cats because they only sent me one little can to try, but here are the results: My two older tomcats ate most of what I gave them (about one tablespoon) and the two younger females pretty much turned their noses up at it.I would hasten to add that my cats are very spoiled and there is only one or two types of canned catfood which I have found that they actually crave and all of them eat it all, every time I put it out for them: Friskies Salmon Dinner, or, Friskies Salmon Shreds.The Sheba catfood seems to garner a response much like every other canned catfood I have tried. They will eat it but they certainly were not crazy about it.
This was difficult to review since the manufacturer only allotted Vine Reviewers one can, but I divided it into six portions and four of my six cats ate it quickly and would have been overjoyed to continue. As for the other two, one gave it a lick and the other just a sniff before turning their backs on it.  It smells good and has a pleasing texture. The can was licked clean several times.We tend to use canned food as "fast food," preferring to feed our guys high quality kibble (Costco's Kirkland brand is reasonably priced and healthy) and fresh chicken most of the time to avoid byproducts.  Sheba's ingredients includes these and while I think it's okay to give them this sort of food occasionally, we've found that sticking to natural food makes for healthier cats and happier pet parents because the incidence of diarrhea and vomiting become nearly non-existent.  To that end, I can recommend another brand of 3 ounce cans that I was able to fully test since the manufacturer sent an entire case.Instinct Grain-Free Chicken Formula Canned Cat Food by Nature's Variety, 5.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)Most of our cats loved it, and it contains only healthy ingredients (no byproducts either). It does come at a price, which is why we cook up chicken or turkey ourselves.Many cats, especially youthful ones, do just fine with food containing byproducts and if yours does, Sheba's pate chicken is certainly much nicer in the looks and aroma department than other less expensive brands like Friskies.
I had high hopes that the Scotch Brite Upholstery Pet Hair Remover would be the final answer to the cat hair on our furniture...not so!  We have a short hair tabby cat, and a long hair tabby cat, so plenty of hair to work on.  While it was easy to use and did remove some of the cat hair, I could visibly see hair that was left behind.  Repeated uses in the same spot failed to pick up the stray strands.  I will relegate the Scotch Brite Upholstery Pet Hair Remover to the pile of other products I have tried and go back to using a lint roller.
I walk dogs that range from micro to massive. This product seemed like a convenient way to transport all the essentials for a canine trek. It is a pack that attaches to the leash. There are compartments for a cell phone, hand sanitzier, poop bags, keys, water and treats. The concept for a hands free carrier was appealing but unfortunately I was ultimately disappointed.First off the instructions were difficult to follow. There are black and white diagrams and the focus is on retractable leashes. I use the non-retractable variety. The second problem came when neither my cell phone nor my hand sanitizer fit in the designated pocket. I did have reservations about having a costly phone dangling from a leash but as it didn't fit that issue became irrelevant. I buy bags that come in rolls and the rolls did not fit. while you don't (usually) use a whole roll on a walk, it is nice to have them all in one place.(I see that this company also sells rolls of bags,perhaps their's fit.)  Although the directions suggest that you can transport the (filled) waste bags back with you I found that an unpalatable option. I really don't want poop anywhere near my phone, water or id. Finally as other reviewers have noted this is not an option for larger dogs, forty pounds or more.  Frankly I was confused by their warning "this product is not designed to take the weight of a dog."Just what does that mean?On the plus side, it is an idea that bears investigation. The fabric is water proof which is a plus. Perhaps having something with some stretch or elasticity would help with the fit of certain items. But for now, I am sticking to my fanny pack, pockets and a treat pouch that attaches to the waist of my jeans
The first think I thought of when I saw this in person was a fanny pack. And much like a fanny pack, nobody will ever accuse you of being stylish while using this product. This organizer definitely goes for function over fashion. It fits around your retractable leash like a coozie. The front pocked designed for your cell phone has obviously not been updated in a while, because many of the newer, larger smart phones will not fit in this pocked. Also, the product image shows two key hooks, but I was only able to find one. There is a separated section for you to carry the poop in, which is nice. Overall, this feels kind of cheap and while it's an interesting idea it lacks functionality.
I am glad to know that I am not the only person who fumbled with this device.  The concept is great but the execution is not, and there are too many variables that can flip the pros to the cons.First off, it depends on what kind of leash you use for this thing.  Small retractable leashes are what this seems to be made for.  Which has me wondering if this multisak is best for walking small dogs who require smaller accessories.  I have German Shepherd Dogs and they require big, strong leashes.Secondly, the main pocket isn't that big for much else other than a few poop bags and a small treat bag.  Keys and phone I always keep in my pants pocket anyway.So, when I thought about it I realized that for my needs I'm better off using a buttpack that can hold two water bottles, treats, a phone and plastic bags and a small camera.  While this sak is well-made and lightweight, its limitations are in the end a disadvantage for me.  For people with small dogs who don't require a myriad of "stuff" for a dogwalk, this product should do just fine.I use this thing as a carrier for treats, leash, poopbags and leave this in my van.  I'm still getting good use out of this as now I have evertyhing in one place.
I have a 75 pound lab mix and he loves to pull.  I use a retractble leash when I walk him, but it is a large size version.  I could not fit it in this organizer with the lease I have.  I believe this is meant to be used with smaller dogs with smaller retractible leashes.  It does have a nice assortment of compartments to store a cell phone,  special rolled bags, and small treats. It's advertised that you can fit a flashlight, but it would have to be very tiny. I use a small flashlight ( 2 AA battery powered) with my dog and it was still too big to fit in the bag. You can do a bit of cutting to fit the larger leash in, but it is advertised to fit &#34;most&#34;, meaning &#34;smaller&#34; leashes.  If it was a bit larger, I would give it a higher rating..  However, if you have a &#34;large&#34; dog, you can skip this version.
We have three dogs right now and I walk them separately during the day as any two of them together can take me down over a rabbit. The puppies need to be walked to practice heel and stop and stay commands and our alpha dog has to be walked if the others have been walked.Normally what I do is throw things like my phone and keys and water bottles and our fire hydrant (dog waste bag holder) and treats in my pockets because I'm not likely to carry a purse on a walk. The worst problem is taking the puppies in a hurry and then having to go back and collect the puppy poop because I forgot the bags. Our biggest dog is much more civilized than that. He doesn't believe in doing his toileting while he is on a leash - except marking the whole darn neighborhood.Some minor details: it does have a couple of small flaws. If you use a collapsible water bowl, it has to be a small one or it won't fit. Mine doesn't fit. But then, I also wouldn't put it back in the bag after using it because it would be wet and then it would get the inside of this bag wet. The other flaw is that you can't put a roll of dog waste bags in the compartment that lets you pull a bag out. You have to stick a bunch of them in there or half a roll.I like the way this connects to my retractable leash - over the handle - so that it isn't something else I need to stuff in my pockets. This is also wonderful because it has all of the things I am likely to need in it and I just throw my phone in my pocket. That way I'm not standing at the door with a puppy who is so excited about walking that he is whimpering. They are so cute!
I have 2 dogs, a chihuahua and a sheltie. Putting this thing on the chihuahua's retractable leash is pointless, it gets in the way and is nearly twice the size of the chihuahua leash. It adds a lot of bulk, causes the leash to not retract all the way and is just difficult to use. Just watch the video for the product. On a regular leash it goes right on, but watch the part where it shows putting a retractable leash on and it looks like the lady is having all sorts of trouble getting it on. That was my same experience. Thanks, but no thanks. For a retractable leash I'd pass, if you have a normal leash that you use when walking your dog this may be worth a try. For me, it's just not worth the effort. I'm marking this at 3 out of 5 stars because It DOES have good features on standard leashes. But I got it for the retractable leash use and it just doesn't play nice.
This dog walking organizer has a place for everything.  The organizer attaches to the top of retractable or regular leashes.  I use a regular leash.It has a compartment for everything, including a roll of poop bags, a cell phone pocket, hand sanitizer, a small fold-up dog bowl, and a key clip.  I did walk with my iPhone inside to see how it fit (yes, it fit), but I don't normally do that.  I want to use the organizer to hold the dirty poop bags until I get home, because I find it mightily embarrassing to have to walk with that in my hands.  Eww.  This a great way to keep it hidden.I like this dog walking organizer.  We've been using it for every walk and it comes in handy.__________________UPDATE 4/28/13:  There's one thing this organizer needs and that's a flap over the poop bag rolls to keep them from falling out and unrolling all over the ground.  It's happened so often that I'm getting frustrated, so frustrated that I will lower the star rating to 3.
I do not really carry much when I walk my dogs, usually just my iPod, so I can easily and comfortably fit everything in my pockets but I thought I would give this product a try because I do have some shorts and warm-up pants that do not have any pockets so I could throw the iPod in there and have some room for some treats and maybe some water for the dogs.  The Multisack is easy to attach to the leach, but I would suggest you have a leach with a large handle loop; I have a feeling the smaller the loop, the more uncomfortable it will be.  If you get confused, there is a very nice instruction video above that can help you attach the Multisack.  The sack itself has slots designed for keys, cell phone, hand sanitizer, a poop bag dispenser (probably its best feature), and a central larger section for treats or anything small enough to put in there.  There is also a separate section to put used poop bags but since it is only separated by cheap fabric from things like treats and hand sanitizer, I do not ever see myself using that for its intended use.  The Multisack it light but still pulls the leash down a little bit and if your dog is adventurous, it does make maneuverability on the leash a little harder.  I have a feeling I will be taking this off whenever I am wearing pants with pockets when walking the dogs.
We have an Australian Shepherd, a Rottweiler, and an American Bulldog. I was pretty excited to get this for hikes, but it's way to small for 3 med-large dogs. While the concept is good, it doesn't work for us. 1 water bottle would have to be rationed between our 3 dogs and 3 leashes alone, fill up the inside. It states you can use it as a collapsible water bowl, but after all the dirty leashes, germs touching everything, what's the point of putting in bottled water? My Droid X also didn't fit into the cellphone case....
Like many cat owners, hairballs are a dreaded word around our house. Heck, I'm still convinced the scene in Shrek 2 with the cat hacking up a hairball is the main reason for the success of that film....hacking, coughing and then ewww...a hairball. Needless to say, we've used that gooey hairball remedy for years. The cat likes it - we hate it. It's messy, the top never seems to keep the goo in and it gets all over everything when trying to give it to the cat. Plus, let's face it, that stuff really doesn't seem healthy in the long run.So recently I came across another brand of chewy hairball remedy which the cat just had no use for whatsoever. I keep at it and eventually the cat reluctantly decided to accommodate now and then but with clear lack of enthusiasm.When this one came up for review I immediately opted to give it try - the cat is still not enthusiastic but does seem to prefer this over the last brand...the owner definitely prefers it over the goo so I'm hopeful over time we will find a common ground.
If my cat has difficulty with these being too big, then most cats will as well.  They are really large and smell terrible.  They are soft enough to break in half but then your hands and fingers will smell awful.  They recommend two per day for the first week and then reducing to one a day.  My cat really likes them.
I really had high hopes for this product as I have a cat getting on in years and am a fan of Vetri-Science products.  Unfortunately, my cat couldn't get beyond the taste of these chews.  At first I tried giving it to her as a treat, something that she is not generally fond of, but I didn't have any success.  She'd chew a bit and spit them back out.  She tried to please me and about the third time she spit the Glyco-Flex back out I gave up.It's easy to get her to eat things because she's way into food and if I put something in her dry food it's gone in good time.  Not so with the Glyco-Flex.  Apparently it did go down, but she threw it back up with a lot of spittle.  As much as I'd like to give her this product, it just doesn't agree with her at all.Active Ingredients per 2 Chews:Perna Canaliculus (GlycOmega(tm) brand Green Lipped Mussel:  300 mgGlucosamine HCl (Shrimp and Crab):  250 mgMethylsulfonylmethane (MSM):  250 mgN,N-Dimethylglycine HCl (DMG):  50 mgdl-Alpha Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E:  25 IUAscorbic Acid (Vitamin C):  12 mgManganese (as Mn Proteinate):  5 mgGrape Seed Extract:  2.5 mgL-Glutathione:  1 mgSelenium (as Sodium Selenite):  0.001 mgInactive Ingredients: arabic gum, brewers yeast, canola oil, chicken liver flavor, citric acid,glycerin, mixed tocopherols, pectin, propionic acid, proprietary blend (maltodextrin, sodiumalginate and calcium sulfate), rosemary extract, silicon dioxide, sorbic acid, soy lecithin,vegetable oil, water.VETRI-SCIENCE CAT PRODUCTS:Glyco-Flex IIIVetri-Science Nu-Cat Senior (Vitamin)Vetri-Science Nu-Cat (Vitamin)Vetri-Science ComposureVetri-Lysine for CatsVetri-Science Renal EssentialsVetri-Science UT StrengthVetri-Science Perio SupportFeline Furball Plus
I was in a dilemma deciding on a rating for this product, and I know that settling on three stars might be misleading to some people.  Why?  Because I know this is a great product!  But I can't convince my cat that he really needs to take this chewy bite for his own good.  So, even if it is a five-star product, it is valueless to me.The glaring difference between dogs and cats:  Stating the obvious--if you have both pets at home--you can teach a dog to do just about anything, but you can't tell a cat what to do.I've known about Glyco-Flex for many years.  In fact, I was the first person to write a review on Amazon for the canine Mini Bites.  We've given it to our little schnauzer for years now and it has done wonders for his hind leg joint problems.  The results have been amazing.  He was destined for surgery when we tried Glyco-Flex as a last resort (per our vet's advice).  After several years now, the surgery is still being put off. So, I know it's a great product.  All we had to do was tell our dog that this was a treat, and he gobbled it right up.  He looks forward to getting his "treat" each day.  If someone forgets to give it to him, he will nag us until give it to him.I also know one of our cats would really benefit from Glyco-Flex.  I never bought a bag for him, though.  I was afraid I wouldn't be able to get him to eat it because he's picky about what he eats.  Along comes this opportunity to sample this product for cats and I jumped at the chance to try it.  Unfortunately, I was right in my thinking--he will not eat it.  We have tried whole, halved, crumbled in the food bowl.  And, no:  He will not bite.  There is something in it that he smells, doesn't like and turns away.If I think of any other tricks to try and camouflage it, I will give it another chance, but as of right now, it's not working for our cat.  I guess, for that reason, I could give this a one-star rating, but I surely don't want to discourage anyone from trying it.  Because it is a great product.  And it can do wonders for your animal with joint problems--if you can figure out a way to get it into 'em.
The cats ate this right when I put it in the bowl but it is something I wouldn't buy due to its pricing!! I love my cats but so far they have lived off the cheaper brand as have cats I had growing up that made it to ripe old ages and lived full lives, as full as an indoor cats life can be...
I was initially planning to rate this 5-stars, but I'll explain the factors that caused me to change my mind.When I ordered this feed - and when it arrived - I had one cat.  I had been feeding him a high quality, grain-free diet that it turned out he didn't like.  Since I free feed, I didn't immediately notice that his extra nudginess was because he wanted a change in feed.  It wasn't until my husband pointed out our formerly overweight cat was positively skinny now, that it occurred to me....I hadn't had to top off his gravity feeder for awhile.  Finally, after the husband said he had noticed the cat eating out of the dog food bowl, I realized the cat was on a serious strike against the food I'd bought him, and I'd better do something about it.  So I got this food, and when I opened the bag, I about swooned.  It smelled so good I considered serving it to the family instead.  I put some in a bowl for the cat, and called him in and he was so excited by the new food, he almost choked in trying to eat it so fast.  The proof is in the additional pounds he has gained since I first offered him the food.  He isn't nagging me constantly any more either, which is another plus.So at this point I was ready to rate it 5 stars regardless of the cost.Then I adopted cat 2.  She is an indoor only cat whose former owners were moving overseas and she needed a new home.  I assured them I feed only high quality pet food, that is grain free, was approved as the new owner, and brought the cat home.  The former owners gave me her food bowl that had the remains of her last bag of kibble in it and I recognized it as one of those cheapo brands you get at the supermarket.  I couldn't wait to see the new cat's face when she smelled the high quality food and realized she had scored in choosing a new home for herself.  But to my dismay - SHE DOESN'T LIKE THE NEW FOOD!  She actually picked past the good food in the bowl, to get to the cheap stuff at the bottom, and when she'd run out of that, she yowled and cried (possibly also homesick for her old family) and...didn't eat much.  I finally got a second bowl, put in the high quality feed rejected by outdoor cat #1, to see if she would like that better and so far...that is what she is eating, though she isn't eating much of either.So here's where I'm at.  I decided to stick with this food for cat #1, and buy some supermarket cheapo stuff for cat #2, at least until she has adapted to us and is more willing to try a higher quality feed.  So I logged into Amazon's website to order the food for cat #1 and swooned myself when I saw the price.  I looked for a subscribe and save option and...there isn't one.  What I ended up doing was a compromise.  I did order Nature's Variety but it isn't the Grain-Free Salmon Meal.  Instead I got the Turkey because it IS available on the subscribe and save program, so was quite a bit cheaper.  Not cheap, mind you, but cheapER.
My cats don't seem to care for this as much as I thought they would.  I'm not totally switching them over to it, because it's not something I can continuously afford to use right now.  Although, you need less of a high quality food than a low quality food, since high quality has more protein; and this is definitely a high quality food.  This company should consider making ferret food, too.When switching over to Nature's Variety Instinct Cat Foods, you may want to use the rabbit feed method of doing so, since many of the ingredients are not the usual type found in cat food:  1) Days 1 & 2--mix 75% old food with 25% new food  2)  Days 3 & 4--mix 50% old food with 50% new food  3)  Days 5 & 6--mix 75% new with 25% old  4)  Day 7--all new food.  Doing this will greatly reduce the chance of digestion problems.
I couldn't get my cats to eat this product, much to my regret.  The ingredients are impressive and would clearly make for a healthy supplement.
IAMS is a recognizable name in dog food and at one time was synonymous with high quality. However in this recall ridden day and age, all food is suspect especially when the origin is uncertain.The food comes packaged in an easy to open bag. It is not resealable, a nicety provided by other companies. The kibbles are average sized and easy for both my large German Shepherd and my significantly smaller Chinese Cresteds to handle. There is no strong or unpleasant odor. The dogs seemed to enjoy it and suffered no negative side effects.I was not impressed by the ingredients, however. Corn meal is the first ingredient followed by chicken by product meal, that is parts of the chicken deemed unfit for human consumption and ground, including cartilage, bones, blood, feet, etc.  It is followed by ground whole grain sorghum, a low quality grain commonly used as filler. Next comes dried beet pulp, another filler that is derived from the residue of beets used in the sugar making process. While manufacturers maintain it is a good source of fiber, opponents claim it stresses the kidneys and liver by slowing the transition of rancid fats. There are those who hold it responsible for allergic reactions and ear infections in dogs. The sixth ingredient is chicken. So as palatable as it may be to the dogs, it seems that this food is primarily plant based, low quality proteinIf you check the website under FAQS, you will learn that some of the ingredients are sourced from China. "Why do you purchase ingredients from China?Answer While the vast majority of our ingredients come from the United States, we get a limited amount of ingredients from other countries.The ingredients we get from China include important nutritional supplements that are not commonly available from other countries in the quantities we need. The realities of global trade mean that some countries or regions specialize in certain ingredients, which can limit the buying options."In perusing the FAQs section I also learned the following about their use of GMOS: "While it's possible that some of the corn in our North American products may be derived form genetically modified (GM) plants, it must meet the same strict safety and legal requirements as the foods that people eat. The well-being of our canine and feline consumers is our highest priority. As with all our ingredients, any GM ingredients we might use are safe and meet the legal requirements in countries where we market our pet foods."So the bottom line is that this is a food that appeals to dogs. But nutritionally it is not impressive and the sourcing from China, notwithstanding rigorous testing, is still problematic. Legal requirements are usually the lowest common denominator so adhering to them is less than reassuring.  Since the primary ingredient is corn, the possible use of GMOs is another concern. Based on the foregoing, I am not convinced that this is a superior product that will enhance the health and well being of my dogs. So I will return to Fromm's which is completely sourced and made in the US. It is pricey but it is food you can feel good about.
The primary ingredients for this product are corn meal, then chicken by-product meal. ground whole grain sorghum, dried beet pulp and then chicken.  It's no wonder my dogs aren't going after this with gusto.  They aren't used to eating corn meal!  While I appreciate that there is no added sugar, I laugh at the statement that says &#34;0% filler&#34; on the front of the package.  Corn meal is a cheap filler!!!  Please don't be fooled!
Corn Meal 1st Ingredient. Do older dogs not need meat? I like the nutritional value of the food, but not fond of fact that you don't see chicken listed till the 6th ingredient. Cheaper dog foods do this. My dog does like this food, but will continue to search for a food that has better quality ingredients.Three stars - one off for the ingredients, one off for not revealing source of the food. If it's made in the US, it should say so. It does not say so.
There are numerous factors to consider in trying to give this product a fair review. One of the most important to me is the source of the ingredients. My previous Dobie died from eating food that originated from China. In trying to find the source of Iams ingredients. I searched the information printed on the bag in which the food arrived, I visited the Iams web site and I searched many other web sites but could not find the source of Iams ingredients, especially the chicken.In reading independent reviews of Iams I found that many of them give Iams a rating of two stars. Some of them recommend that Iams be avoided completely. They say that dogs love to eat Iams but that the ingredients are very low in nutrition. On the positive side they claim that Iams does not contain any harmful ingredients. I have decided to mix this Iams with my current brand of dog food so that my Dobie can get the enjoyment that dogs seem to get from the Iams while still getting the nutrition from his present top rated dry dog food.I have removed one star for the low quality ingredients and one star for no ingredient source information. I give it three stars because it apparently has no harmful ingredients, it is reasonably priced and because Max, my Dobie, enjoys chowing down on this Iams. This is my first experience with Iams and if I get further information I will update this review. I do have another 15 pound bag of Iams of a different version from this one which I alternate with this bag when mixing with the top rated Blue Buffalo. The reason I use Blue Buffalo is because they do not use any ingredients from China and BB is willing to disclose the source of all their ingredients. Iams apparently has something to hide.
My two dogs aren't as fond of this food as some others I have tried on them, but they will eat it without a fuss.  The chunk size is about the circumference of a dime, and thick.  I have two small dogs and they are able to eat it just fine.  The price is much cheaper than other Iams dog foods because the ingredients aren't nearly as good.  The first few ingredients are: corn meal, chicken by-products (and those have to be pretty gross), whole grain sorghum, dried beet pulp, chicken (5th on the list) and dried egg product (didn't say just &#34;egg&#34; but &#34;egg product&#34;.  Could be just eggshells who knows?).This is isn't my first choice in dog food, but I'd buy it over Old Roy and those ultra-cheap garbage brands any day.  Iams is usually pretty good dog food.
My dog is a 65lb English Bulldog/German Shepherd mix that repeatedly suffers from allergies, especially from food. He can also be a bit of a picky eater so finding the right mix can often be difficult. While he loves just about any treat, but I always have reservations about trying new food. Unfortunately, a large majority of popular dog foods today often contain poor ingredients not to mention carrying a high price tag. When we rescued our dog as a puppy we fed himIams Proactive Health Smart Puppy Original Premium Puppy Nutrition, 30 Poundfor the first year.  Since we're always willing to try a new food here are my thoughts on Iams Proactive Health Mature Adult Premium Dog Nutrition, 15 Pound;Pros+ Dog loved it and gobbled it up quickly with no fuss.+ Some healthy and helpful ingredients such as vitamin A & E, Omega 6 and glucosamine.+ No sugar, dyes or artificial preservatives added.Cons- Filled with a number of questionable ingredients for your dog such as corn meal, caramel, chicken by-product meal, dried beet pulp and brewers dried yeast.- My dog had some digestive issues after eating this.- No way to reseal the bag after opening.- Not Grain Free.My dog seemed to enjoyed Iams Proactive Health Mature Adult Premium Dog Nutrition, 15 Pound.  He was of course extremely excited when I approached with the bag (as he is with every new food) and quickly ate the half cup I mixed into his bowl.  His current food isNutrience Grain Free Dog Food, 18-Pound, Ocean Fishwhich he really enjoys.  It's a much healthier food for him compared to Iams Proactive Health Adult Large Breed Premium Dog Nutrition.  Currently I'm still mixing the two foods and will continue to do so until the Iams is gone.  Although the price is much lower (which would make it easier to purchase on a regular basis), I feel the savings wouldn't outweigh the cost of unnecessary veterinary visits due to allergies and infections caused by questionable ingredients in this food.  If you're willing to pay a little extra for your dog's food in hopes of keeping them happy and healthy, then you may want to pass on Iams Proactive Health Mature Adult Premium Dog Nutrition, 15 Pound.
if u read the fine print, u can see that this contains poultry by products, corn, rice & fish meal.  not as gourmet as the designer brands where they avoid all of those.i'd say this is similar to Iams in quality, but bottom line is my dogs will eat this.
I have an active middle aged hound who eats anything and everything - so I can't comment on a how a picky dog might feel about this food.  My hope is to find a dry food that helps her keep active as she gets older.  Purina claims this is the food for that.  I'd have to test it for months to see if that's true or not.While chicken is the first ingredient, there's plenty of others in there that I don't recognize except as being in ingredient lists for much cheaper dry dog foods.  I need to do some research on what exactly these ingredients are, but don't expect this food to be all natural or organic.A big plus for me is it's relatively neutral dog food smell.  I've recently tried some fish based dry dog foods that stink of fish or other greases.  Not so for this one.Giving it three stars for now - so far so good - but plan on trying it out with my dog for a few months.
Purina Pro Plan Sport is the second food I've tried out from the Purina Pro Plan line (the first being the Savor). It advertises &#34;Concentrated nutrition helps optimize oxygen metabolism (VO2 MAX) for increased endurance,&#34; which sounds like something I would expect elite marathoners to need rather than my dog. Even though my dog gets about 4 miles of exercise a day and is fairly active, I have yet to see a reason he needs food that is this specially formulated in order to maintain his energy levels. Like the Savor, it also has brewers rice as the third ingredient, which I am not a huge fan of. My dog likes it, but seemed to like the Savor flavor more.
For kicks I went to the dogfoodproject website and looked at their list of ingredients to avoid, and I was shocked at how many of the ingredients of this food show up in that list.  They brag about the number 1 ingredient, which, yes, is great, but it goes downhill fast after that.  Of the top 5 ingredients, 4 of them are on the list.  The common theme of all of the ingredients to avoid is that they are low-quality & inexpensive ingredients.  I&#8217;m sure the manufacturer will argue that they are not harmful and do provide nutrition, but if you&#8217;re hoping for actually wholesome ingredients, you may want to look elsewhere.  Animal fat, for example, is the fourth ingredient, and the dogfoodproject explains both what that means and what it doesn&#8217;t: &#34;Note that the animal source is not specified and is not required to originate from &#34;slaughtered&#34; animals. The rendered animals can be obtained from any source, so there is no control over quality or contamination. Any kind of animal can be included: &#34;4-D animals&#34; (dead, diseased, disabled, or dying prior to slaughter), goats, pigs, horses, rats, misc. roadkill, animals euthanized at shelters, restaurant and supermarket refuse and so on.&#8221;  Shudder.Similarly, although the Purina website defends the ingredient &#8220;animal digest,&#8221; I am skeptical. The Truth About Pet Food website explains this about the ingredient &#8220;animal digest&#8221;: &#34;FDA testing determined that the pet food ingredient &#8216;animal digest&#8217; to be a likely source of pentobarbital &#8211; the drug used to euthanize animals.  Thus, the pet food ingredient &#8216;animal digest&#8217; can start with animal protein &#8220;such as&#8221; euthanized animals &#8211; any euthanized animal.&#8221;  Wait, excuse me?  That&#8217;s really gross and definitely not an ingredient I want in dog food.One bright spot for me in the ingredients list is the lack of any form of MSG.  However, even that is belied by the presence of Brewer&#8217;s Yeast (the third ingredient), which is a known source of free glutamates (which, yes, is an essential amino acid but which can cause a bunch of problems in excess).  So, even there it&#8217;s not a win.  But I do also like that it does not have any artificial colors, so another bit of credit there, too.One notable observation is that this food is more calorific than some others.  Purina SAVOR, for example, requires 5 cups daily for a 100-lb dog, but this one (SPORT) only requires 3 2/3 c daily.  That makes this one a more economical choice, and also means the dog will have less volume of poop. Less in, less out.In spite of these few things I do appreciate about the food,  the upshot for me is that this is a &#8220;cheap&#8221; food.  They may market it well and it looks fancy in the sleek black packaging, but ultimately they used the cheapest possible ingredients, which come from potentially disgusting sources.  If your budget doesn't allow for food with better ingredients, this isn't the worst choice.  If it does, I recommend you keep looking.
Maybe not.  When I see all the glossy ads and Purina sponsored dog shows and competitions I assume  this is the number one choice of show dogs and I suppose that's the point.I think dog food is a lot like sausage. Maybe you're better off not knowing what's in it or how it's made. I get my info from dogfoodadvisor.com.  They give the food a two and half star rating (second lowest star rating). Chicken is the number one ingredient but they say it is 70/80 percent  water so , after it is processed, it will move down to a much lower percentage  of ingredients. They question the addition of menadione -form of vitamin K- which is linked to liver toxicity. Their bottom line is:&#34;This is a plant based kibble using a modest amount of poultry by-product meal as a main source of animal protein...not recommended.&#34;With 80 years experience does Purina know what they're doing? What do I know?  I guess a lot of stuff you just have to take on faith. My Aussie wouldn't  touch it but that doesn't mean anything one way or another. Dogs have different tastes just like people. If your dog like it and thrives and it fits your budget , go for it.Special alert: Rice ingredients can sometimes contain arsenic..
I have a cat who tends to be a little neurotic.  He's a super-nice cat, friendly and loving to everyone, but a bit needy and easily rattled, which leads to inappropriate urination and scratching habits.  The vet gave him the all-clear on his checkup and recommended Feliway.  Some days I think he does seem a little calmer and there have been fewer "accidents," but this habit has always waxed and waned, so I'm not sure.  I have it installed in quite a large, open room, and I'm wondering whether it might be more effective if I plugged in a second one on the other side of the room.  Since I'm not entirely convinced that it's not working, I'm going to try that and see if I can get more conclusive results, or lack of, as the case may be.Incidentally, assuming that you're reading this because you have a pet with a similar problem, I tried this cleaner,Simple Solution Extreme Cat Stain & Odor Remover Spray, 32 fl. oz., recently on an armchair I was pretty sure was consigned to the dump, and I'm fairly impressed with the results.  I see that some people haven't liked this for carpet stains, but it worked well enough on my upholstered chair that I was able to leave it in the living room after all.
I have a Himalayan and a Persian. They are mellow and get along with everyone and everything including dogs. But my mother had a stroke and I took in her cantankerous calico. Old tuna breath can't tolerate anyone who she can't eat or who doesn't feed her so it was only a matter of time before it became a smelly problem. I heard good things about this product and decided to give it a try.First off it is easy to set up. Simply plug the diffuser in. Refills are easy to change and should be replaced every thirty days. The bulbous diffuser should replaced after six months. There is no noticeable odor to people and doesn't seem to bother the dogs. Although not a piece of art, it is not significantly less attractive than the usual plug in air fresheners.The real litmus test is whether or not it works. I must say that there has been less spraying and marking but whether that is attributable to the diffuser is hard to tell. The cats are becoming accustomed to each other, with mine choosing to segregate themselves while my mother's cat prefers shedding all her hair in my lap.  Still there has been  some improvement.This product is worth a try. According to the instructions, best results are seen after ninety days of continuous use. I have only used it for about a month.  This is not a substitute for veterinary care but useful when used in conjunction with other behavioral techniques. Although my results are not clear cut, it does have promise.
I've used the Feliway spray with great results in keeping the furry little beasts from clawing where they shouldn't, and keeping the herd o'cats in general harmony (well, as much harmony as a herd o' cats can muster). The Comfort Zone diffuser was less effective.The plug-in dispenser is very easy to set up and use. No more difficult than a typical plug-in scent dispenser. However, I have not found it to be as effective as the spray, since the dispenser is more of a whole room approach versus a specific spot approach.It may be a good solution for confined spaces, but for larger, more open rooms, I'll stick with the spray version.
Ten years ago we were adopted by a kitten. She showed up at our house, claimed my daughter and refused to leave. She wore us down by sheer white hot determination since we don't really like cats. Also, she doesn't really like us. But my daughter and her were soul mates so we adapted.This year my daughter went away to college. Her cat expressed her feelings about this by trying to kill us in the dark of night. She hisses and bites. Basically, our home is now like The Exorcist. Cat was making some strides towards moving her bond to my youngest daughter and I thought this might help. I plugged it in her room. Cat does like it. She will go in that room to sleep where she hasn't before. She has even gone up and sniffed the diffuser. She seems to really like it. Losing my oldest daughter has  obviously been very painful for her and I am glad that she can feel a little better. And she has transitioned to claiming the youngest daughter.Sadly she still does not like the rest of us and tries to kill us as her busy schedule of harassing the dog permits. When my oldest daughter comes home from college, she is now also subjected to murder attempts and hate. But it is probably really stressful trying to constantly kill everyone in a family as large as our so I am glad the cat can go back to her room and relax.I will keep buying these. Because even though she is a hateful little monster she is our hateful little monster and we love her. She likes these so she can have them. I am still holding out for a Prozac blow dart though.
Feliway Comfort Zone is a plug-in diffuser for synthetic feline pheromones, very similar to the deodorizing diffusers with the bottles of scent. It's quite simple to use and I was glad to see that the pheromones are produced synthetically rather than harvested from cats like snake venom or bear gall.The kitties that this was tested on were fairly well-behaved before using this and they were not continuously confined to the room where the diffuser was located. It was placed in their combination dining and bathroom (aka human laundry room) though they often nap there and they are occasionally confined there temporarily when it's necessary for their safety.Still, the kitties didn't seem to alter their behavior a single bit when exposed to this even after the recommended week. They did not seem to care about it at all or even notice it, for that matter.The testing had its limitations as noted and it could also be like catnip in that it simply doesn't affect some cats so I'm giving this a neutral three stars. I think that this would be worth trying for cats confined to smaller areas if they have problems but it doesn't seem helpful for cats without issues who rule an entire house.
I was excited to receive a product that claims to reduce or eliminate cat spraying and scratching the furniture.  But now I'm not sure this is the right product for my cats.  Perhaps nothing but a huge mallet could do the job.According to package instructions, spraying and scratching can be a result of a change in the cat's environment, and I don't doubt the truth of that statement.  However, I suspect my cats scratch the furniture (fortunately, they spray outside only) just because they like to sharpen their claws on my favorite chair. So this may product may not provide the answer I was hoping for.Nevertheless, I've plugged in the diffuser which, according to the package, will last four weeks.  After that I'll need another two bottles of the Feliway refill to get the full effect that should show up in three months.  We'll see after a month whether there's any improvement in their behavior.  If so, I'll get the refills; if not, not.It seems to me that if your product requires three months to produce the desired effect, you would package it with supplies enough for three months.  Thus, I cannot give this product more than three stars.UPDATE:I fail to see any changes in the behavior of my cats -- toward me or toward each other.  Just this week, I paid $150 in vet bills for a cat bite on one of the cats (clearly delivered by another of the cats).  Even though it's been operating only a month, I cannot recommend it.
This is the only one of the NoviPet chews that promises immediate results. I did not get any. My dog remained as excitable and over active as usual.Though my Dog readily took the chews i did not get any calming effect. I wanted to give it 2 1/2 stars but doggy insisted on three for great taste.
With three dogs on hand, I have the opportunity to do a &#34;taste test&#34; on these. Only one was willing to scarf these down. The other two turned their noses up at them ... leaving them on the floor for the third one to find and eat. At six pounds, she got a GIANT dose, and it didn't slow her behavior down at all, so it didn't leave her lethargic.Most calming aids work best if given over a period of time, so I can't testify to whether this would actually help with traumatic events - there were none that happened during this time period while she was taking them. However, I noticed that she started doing a few things that as a rescue dog she had found frightening before, as if she had more confidence.While these might be a good supplement (if your dog will eat them), you do need to talk to a trainer or veterinarian if your dog is experiencing traumatic or disruptive behavior, since a combination of these and training is likely better than simply pills alone.My three stars is based on the fact that only one out of the three dogs would eat these. If they won't eat them, they won't help
I got this for a couple of puppies that when visitors come get agitated and bark like crazy; clearly stressed out. So far, I haven't seen much of a difference. I understand that there is no way I can tell you if this product works for sure (like all suppliments, we can only believe they work because we can't know if something doesn't happen) but I can say that if this product works it takes more than a few doses.Price is very good. I pay $12 for a two month supply of suppliments per dog (.5 chew for smaller dogs per day). If I had a larger dog this could be an issue, especially when you'd want to take other products as well.Taste is good because both dogs ate the suppliment right away, didn't have issues with digestion, no issues outside (if you know what I mean) and no throwing up.So it may work or it may not over time. As for me, I'm going to let this pack run out and move on to behavioral modification instead of suppliments for stress and agitation.
Well. The dog likes these.  She ate them like a treat.  The ingredients are holistic and I like that.  She took these daily for a couple of weeks, and to be honest I don't know if they helped or not.  They didn't seem to hurt.  She napped pretty well.  She was still excitable when we went for a ride.  She still freaked out when someone knocked on the door.I wish I could ask her how she was feeling.  When I try however, she stares at me exactly the same way she does when I ask her about the weather.
My dogs acted suspicious when I tried to talk them into taking these treats.  Stanley, my regular UPS driver, and I chased my two dogs for like ten minutes, trying to get this tablet into them.  Since then, these tablets are a cue for my dogs to put ears and tails down and refuse to take them.
Will NoviPet Calming Aid Chewable tablets help pets with some forms of anxiety? Probably.The primary active ingredients speak for themselves Chamomile extract*: 200 mg, L- Taurine*: 100 mg, Thiamine mononitarte: 100 mg, Ginger extract*: 50 mg, and L-Tryptophan: 50 mg. However, this could easily be found in other human grade supplements. My concern came from the other ingredients such as Poultry meal, Palm kernel oil, Vegetable oil, Natural chicken liver flavor, and Carnauba wax.  The remaining ingredients are Brewers dried yeast, Pea protein,  Lecithin, and a-tocopheryl-acetate.My German Shepherd Dogs quickly took to liking these tabs, but the same dogs are trained to take &#34;scooby treats&#34; which also applies to taking supplement tablets and soft gels with ease. The NoviPet chewables all dissolved in my hands, I found it was best to freeze them to limit the mess. The cost is also prohibitive when factoring in multiple large dogs who would EACH consume 2 to 3 tabs as needed.Instead if I needed a mild quietening agent to reduce anxiety or stress, I would consider brewing a light chamomile or ginger tea for myself to share with my dogs, or in a more urgent situation I would consider administering a lose dose Benedryl (up to 1mg per pound of dog's healthy body weight) which ALWAYS works well to calm our dogs, as needed. Also, realize that chronic anxiety can also be caused by a magnesium deficiency which is an often prevalent situation as well.Made in Isreal.
I had the chance to get these for my dogs and both of them behave differently. One is calm by nature, she is actually  a rescue dog we got and seems to be very relaxed most times. The other dog we rescued is a high strung chihuahua and always barking on road trips, at the vet, etc. I gave her a piece of this per the directions and it seemed to have a little improvement in her as she was a bit calmer, but it wasn't a really noticeable difference. Honestly I don't think I'll give these to her anymore.
I didn't realize that you should start giving this product to your dog about 7 days before the upcoming 'stressful event'.  As a result I ordered it too late.  It arrived the day before we left.  Wish they would have put that in the description.  I guess I'll find out how it works on our next long car trip.
I have given this to my two dogs, but I have yet to see any effect on their behavior. They don't act any different. Of course, I guess they might be feeling less stressed, but I've seen no outward signs.Still, it is easy to give to them, and the flavor must be good because they readily eat it.
I have run into the same problem I had with 2 other NoviPet products and that is my dogs just don't like the taste.  I've read that either your dogs will LOVE these type products or refuse to eat them.  Mine refuse to eat them.  The ingredients list looks o.k.so I can't figure out what exactly is causing the dislike.  I think the main &#34;calming&#34; ingredient is L-Tryptophan which is an essential amino acid that the body cannot manufacture on it's own.  Turkey meat is supposed to be high in L-tryptophan and the reason why we get sleepy after eating our Thanksgiving meal.Be very careful and read the dosing instructions because a dog 30 - 59 pounds only gets half a chew.  I have very small dogs so I had to cut up the chew into tiny bits.  But, the chews are soft and easy to cut.
I tried this on my dog but I am not sure it worked or not. He is pretty active and the same as he always has been. I'm pretty skeptical of herbal supplements because they aren't rigorously tested.
These types of stress remedies for dogs, while not miracle workers, do have a place.What I have found is that for a dog that resists therapy because they are too stressed out to take a treat, these are often the ticket to take the edge off and allow the healing to begin. I suggest using this product in conjunction with a program to reduce fear and stress responses in your animal.Calming Signalsis a great place to start building your program of healing for both you and your dog.
I started giving these to a Lhassa Apso a week ago and it is hard to tell if there's any difference or not.  We need a thunderstorm rather than a snowstorm to really test the product's effectiveness.
I have three dogs, but only one dog that is really high strung.  I gave a small piece to all of them for a taste test and they all approved.  They aren't very picky though.  The dog that needed these is my three year old cocker spaniel.  He has been jumpy and anxious all of his life.  I knew that these could not change his behavior, but I did expect some type of calming effect.  He did appear to sleep well and he showed no sign of illness, but I couldn't see any changes in his behavior.  He still is very jumpy and barks at anything.  He has vision problems, so the real test will be when he goes to get his eye exam.  I will post an update if I notice any changes.
We were able to get both of our dogs to try this product, but it did not seem to calm either of them down.  Because our dogs are small, one tablet had to be broken in half and split between them.  It would be better if these were customized to the appropriate size for different size dogs.
I know a certain Jack-chi who is wound tighter than a $2 watch. When she knows someone is leaving this is the routine.....pace, pant, drool  &#34;you're going to leave me forever! You'll never come back! I'll starve to death , I just KNOW it.  Please , please don't leave me to die!&#34;  She wouldn't go near the chews.I tried them on the Aussie test dummy.  She played with it for a while then buried it...  Sigh...this dog will eat anything! The calming aid seems to have good stuff in it (well, maybe not the carnuba wax) ginger, l-tryptophan,  and also stuff which should make it taste good to dogs. Your first problem might be getting it in the dog.
I have a 2.5 -year-old, 65-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix. Joy-Joy devoured her 2 cups per meal (2 meals a day) but seemed hungry {considering her actively level this is common}.I like the overall nutritional quality of this product and she seemed to enjoy it. She adjusted seamlessly from her traditional dry food. The chicken and chicken meal contain an adequate amount of protein; something that lots of dog food lacks. It also includes fruits and vegetables without artificial coloring. Price may be a factor...in whether we continue to purchase this food.
There is nothing wrong with this dog food.  The ingredients are fine.  It's just that for some reason my dogs didn't get into this food like they have the other Hill's Ideal dog food.  I'm wondering if it's the whole grain oats that turned them off?  Because normally my dogs would be doing cartwheels for chicken and brown rice meals.  While they did nibble on this, they didn't devour it.
This dog food drew my sheltie like a magnet, which actually makes me a bit suspicious that he is getting something more akin to Pup-Peronis, i.e., junk food, than something decent. Still the food smells fresh and flavorful, and the packaging as other reviewers have noted genuinely reseals, which is terrific.The problem I found in researching this product is that it receives only a mid-tier rating from the respected Dog Food Advisor website.  The site notes that of its first six ingredients:ChickenBrown riceWhole grain oatsWhole grain barleyBrewers riceChicken fat ...... That brown rice is only of modest nutritional value to a dog, as is brewers rice.The site's analyst found that the kibble contains an average protein content of 24 percent and a mean fat content of 18 percent, suggesting a carb content of 50 percent, making it below average in protein and above average in fat, and thus containing only a modest amount of meat.Thus I'll give this three stars, as it doesn't seem to be as nutritious as the usual dog food I provide him.
My old dog is fairly finicky, so I'm always trying out new dog foods to stimulate his appetite. He quite liked this one, which is a plus, and the ingredient list is perfectly adequate. However, the fact that "chicken" is listed as the first ingredient is a warning sign for me -- "chicken" may mean any part of the chicken, including bones, tendons/ligaments, etc., while "chicken meal" is the term for chicken muscle meat, and "chicken meal" is much farther down the list of ingredients indicating its much lower presence in the final product. I would expect that from a lower-priced dog food, but at $32/15 lbs I'm a little disappointed. That said, there isn't any corn filler, which is a definite plus.
I'm giving this product three stars because we had such a mixed experience. We fed our dog, a medium/large mixed breed, with this product. The first week was great. We observed that the dog's teeth were good and there was no "doggie breath." So we thought we had really found something.We did notice that this is a highly processed dog food product, despite the "natural" labeling. The bag entirely contains pieces of uniform size, shape, and color. Not that the dog minded; he ate it very happily. But clearly there had been a lot of processing going on.Then after a week or so, our dog started having the runs. Dog owners know that this is Not A Good Thing.Now, is it due to the food? We think so, because the runs stopped soon after we switched him back to his usual food. Maybe it's because this product is highly enriched with nutrients ... too much of a good thing?Your own experience will vary, we're sure. But we're not feeding Duke this food again.
This dog food comes in small, round kibbles and has no appreciable smell. There is no corn, wheat or soy and no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Both of my dogs happily eat it, although they don't go nuts like they do with some other brands I've tried. So what's not to love?Although Hill's is a good name in dog food and they even make prescription-only dog foods (Hill's Prescription Diet), there are a few things I take issue with in this particular offering. While the first listed ingredient is chicken (not meat or chicken by-products), Hill's does not use human grade meat in this dog food.Hill's also gets some of it's ingredients from other countries (including Japan) which are imported and then the product is produced here. So the "Made in Our US Facilities" may be somewhat misleading, in my mind, even if it is technically correct. If it isn't human grade meat and it isn't guaranteed to be from the USA, I think the premium price is unwarranted. The premium brand I usually buy is similarly priced and uses human grade meat.Also, the minimum crude protein (19%) and crude fat (14%) content is a little higher than my dogs' regular food.So my feeling is that this Hill's dog food is a solidly good food, better than most dog foods out there, but it's priced as much as the few exceptional commercially available dog foods.
I have two small dogs, a Pekingese and a Dachshund. My Pek is missing a lot of her teeth and I wanted to try a brand of dog food that would be easy for her to eat. Hill's Ideal Balance for Small Breed dogs seemed great. Unfortunately, while the pieces are small and easy for her to eat, she doesn't like the taste of it. She leaves a great deal in her bowl. However, the Doxie loves it! :) So, it is 50-50 on this one. And since I don't want to have to buy two different brands of food to feed each dog, I'm going to keep looking to find something they will both eat and is for smaller breeds.
We own a dog rescue and we currently have 7 dogs. All of them have a good appetite, with only a few of them being picky eaters. My indoor dog Pooper (1/2 German Shepard) seemed to really enjoy this food, but, a couple of our outdoor dogs (the 2 Black and Tan Coonhounds) didn't seem to like this food at all, as they left most of it wasted at each feeding instead of cleaning their bowl like they usually do. Hill's is a good product, but, I wouldn't buy this variety for my dogs as they all don't agree on liking it.
These are some funky-smelling cat treats. Granted, the term "pleasant scent" usually doesn't apply to cat treats, but these have a particularly strong scent that I don't find appealing.I could live with that if my cats thought these were good, but opinion is split. Of the three cats, one seems to think they are pretty good; one sniffed them but would not eat one; the third ate one but, when offered another one, picked it up then spat it out.The ingredients are pretty good in terms of nutritional content, but 2 out of 3 cats gave them a pass so I'll give it a 3-star rating.
One of the claims on this product's package is "Fish Shape Cats Love!"  That should have clued me in right then and there...  PetNaturals "Healthy Treats For Cats" is somewhat of a joke.  My cats don't recognize a "fish shape" as something special.  If your's does, hurry and contact Guinness Book of World Records and all the media--you have the smartest cat in existence and it may be worth a million dollars or more.I wonder who came up with the copy and who designed the packaging for this stuff?  Not only does it boast the benefits of a "fish shape", the back of the package warns "Keep out of reach of children and animals".  Really?!?  Really.While all three of our cats will eat this treat willingly, I'm going to go back to "Temptations" (by Whiskas) when this bag is empty.  Why?  Because cats need a lot of protein in their diet (way more protein than dogs do).  Thirty percent of one little Temptations treat is protein, while only 14.7% is protein in the Purr-fect Dairy Treat.  Plus, Temptations has less useless moisture content.  Both treats are about the same size.It is very interesting to note that the dairy treat only guarantees analysis of 42.6% of its ingredients (that is 57.4% UN-guaranteed UN-known ingredients).  To me, that's kind of scary...While a cat being fed a quality food would never have to depend on the amount of protein in a treat, I would still rather choose the treat with the most protein.I'm not saying that Temptations is "purr-fect":  It has 36.5% UN-guaranteed and UN-known ingredients and boasts only 2 calories per treat.  But 30% protein is better than 14.7% protein for a cat.  It supposedly helps control tartar, too.
I had a review panel of seven cats test this treat. Two didn't recognize it as food. The others sniffed it. Three ate it with some enthusiasm at first, but they continue to prefer crunchy treats. If they don't eat these relatively quickly after they come out of the bag, they get hard quickly. Right out of the bag they are more soft than crunchy. Cat food is impossibly subjective, so no review can be fair or indicative of what your cat might think of it. I will probably stick to the cheap, crunchy stuff from the grocery store.
I have four cats, only one of them ate this excitedly. The other three just licked at theirs and sat beside them as though they didn't want the others to eat their treat, but they weren't so inclined themselves. Then my dog went around and snatched all the uneaten treats for herself. She sat down in front of me expectedly afterwards, so I gave her another.Guess this is the dog's night time treat from now on, she'll only have to share them with one cat!The ingredients are nice, I would have bought these if I'd read them in the store. Nice lined packaging too, to help keep treats moist.
After giving my cat a few of these treats on two separate occasions and watching him devour them... and then about 30 minutes to an hour later... how should I say... reverse-devour them back up... I read a little bit about cats and dairy products and it turns out that a good number of cats are lactose intolerant. Not ALL cats, mind you, which is why I'm not rating this lower. I'm sure there are plenty of cats that will love this dairy product and whose stomachs will return the affection. My cat, unfortunately, is not one of them. Still, they must be tasty because both times he ate them quickly and with great relish.So if you do plan to purchase these for your cat, you may test to see if the cat is lactose intolerant beforehand, but offering him/her a tiny bit of milk and seeing how his/her stomach reacts first.
Knowing that cats need a lot of protein (way more protein than dogs do), I was surprised to see that this treat only contains 17% protein in each treat.  While a cat being fed a quality food would never have to depend on the amount of protein in a treat, I would still rather choose the treat with the most protein."Temptations" by Whiskas has 30% protein in one small treat and not only is it about the same size as this Garden Bite, but it is a lot less expensive.  Plus it supposedly helps control tartar.While all three of our cats will eat this treat willingly, I'm going to go back to Temptations when this bag is empty.  Especially since the packaging on these Garden Bite treats warns "Keep out of reach of children and animals".  Really?!?  Really.
Well I'm not really sure how to review this. After having tried a few of the Pet Naturals of Vermont products, I'm a big fan and actually have an ongoing subscription for the relaxation/calming treats which work great for thunderstorms etc...In any case, maybe it's our cat or perhaps the abundance of veggies but this one wasn't very well received. The cat just did what cats are prone to do...stare at us with a slightly offended expression. Now, the dogs on the other hand liked it just fine - veggies or not, it's a treat which they happily took since the cat objected. Might work better for other felines.
Normally my cats will go for most things, they are not fussy eaters, but only one went for these Garden Bites, and only temporarily -- now neither one seems to be interested.It's too bad, because the yeast ought to repel fleas, the chicken liver flavor should attract theim, and the oats and wheat grass can't hurt. I'll keep trying to ply them with the rest of the bag when they are super whiny for treats.The bag says "over 90% of cats tested loved the taste," but sadly not true in this household.
This is not the best dog food out there, but is a good higher quality and affordable option. Our dog loved the taste and I would definitely buy this again if we could not get her normal food for some reason.
I have 3 dogs, a greyhound, a Boston Terrier, and a Chihuahua mix, and have always fed them another name brand in a lower price range.  I have family and friends that have fed their dogs Iams for years, and they really like it.  Therefore, I decided to try it with my dogs.  I like the fact that although Iams is pricier, the recommended feeding portions are smaller for each of my dogs.  The latter is due to the fact that Iams has no fillers.  In addition, it has no added sugar, dyes, artificial preservatives, and the chunks are smaller, making it great for various dog sizes.  However, after a little research, I found out there have been some controversies regarding animal lab testing and the purchase of some Chinese products for the making of their pet food during the 60 years of the company.  They appear to have taken care of the testing by conducting testing in homes subject to regular unannounced ASPCA inspections.  As to the Chinese products, they affirm that ingredients are tested regularly to avoid any type of contamination.  In conclusion, I recommend this product with some reservations.
This is a middle-of-the-road entry from Iams.  Although the first item, chicken, is excellent, it&#8217;s immediately followed by cornmeal (a cheap protein source and one many dog owners prefer to avoid) and chicken by-product meal, which can literally contain anything from healthy organ meat to beaks and feathers.  It may not contain these, but it&#8217;s generally disliked because of its status as a mystery ingredient.  However, it does meet AAFCO feeding requirements and my dog likes it.  I rotated this food into her diet about six weeks ago, and she seems to be doing fine on it.  For a mid-price food, I think it&#8217;s a reasonable addition to a dog&#8217;s diet, although I wouldn&#8217;t choose it exclusively.
The second and subsequent ingredients are chicken by-product meal, ground whole grain sorghum, chicken, ground whole grain barley, dried beet pulps, chicken flavor.  There are more ingredients, but I just listed the top seven.My fat older dog seems to like this, so I will give this an "OK" rating.  The stuff doesn't smell and none of the dogs is getting sick off of this.  There are no added sugars to this mix as there are no flies that hover over the food. The one dog that likes this the most is our old, fat dog.  The other four dogs like it, too.I just have to question a product that has as its first ingredient corn meal, a cheap filler used by many pet food makers as a source of protein.  This puts this food in the "high-end, low quality food" category.  This is not the best that Iams makes.
In trying to slim down my dog (she's gotten a little porky), I decided to try Iams Proactive Weight Control Dog Food. In the past, she hasn't cared for the Iams brand. However, this one must taste different as she gobbles it up. Now, the main two ingredients are: corn meal and chicken-by-products, which made me downgrade it to three stars instead of four. But, if you are looking for a medium priced weight control dog food that your dog will enjoy, this might be your product. (As I've only been using it for three weeks, I cannot comment if my dog has lost any weight yet. Will edit the review when results come back in).
My dogs loved the flavor, but I didn't notice they eat less of it or their stools changed.  In fact, I hardly noticed any difference at all, and this is too pricey for me to feed for the benefits I saw.
I've recently begun to try to find good quality foods for my dogs to eat, and was pleased by the ingredient list for this product. It's grain-free and lists the top three ingredients as lamb, beef, and potato. The pellets are small, which is easy for my small dogs to eat.. but too bad they won't. They'll eat it with wet food on top, but if I mix this with other dry food they will pick out this food and spit it out.
I can't bribe my dog, Freddy, to eat this.  After reading the reviews, I thought it would be as simple as pouring some into his treat bowl -- and then stand back before he knocked me over (he LOVES new things, especially if they're in his treat bowl).  The sound of it pouring into his bowl got him into the kitchen pronto.  Then he sniffed it and turned his head to glare a hole into my brain.  If looks could kill!  Okay, I figured, he doesn't like it much.  That's okay.  I'll fry up some bacon, crumble the bacon into the bowl, and pour the bacon grease over everything.  That *always* gets him to eat *anything*!  &lt;sigh>  Not this time.  He glared a second hole in my head and walked out of the kitchen.  I figured, okay, he's not hungry;  He'll come back and at least eat the bacon off the top of the food and hopefully get some of the bacon grease-saturated food.  Waited a few hours.  Dumped everything in the garbage because I finally realized he just was not going to eat this wonderfully nutritious food.A few hours later, I put his favorite treat in his bowl.  He heard the sound, came into the kitchen, sniffed his favorite treat, glared a third hole into my head -- by now my brains are starting to leak out through all the holes he has glared into my head (not to mention, I'm no longer the raging middle-aged beauty my husband has come to know and love, with all those holes in my face and head).  Even though the Back to Basics was now gone, Freddy could still smell it, and he wasn't going to touch *anything* until I removed all remnants of the offending smell from his treat bowl.The next day, I threw his treat bowl into the dishwasher, making sure to use the "heavy-duty, it'll get the smell off anything" cycle.  Freddy has now forgiven me and will now eat his favorite treats out of his bowl.  Those holes in my face from all the glaring?  Thankfully, they're starting to heal.  I don't know what it is about this dog food that Freddy hates so much, but  no matter how nutritious it is, it won't do him any good if I can't get him to eat it.
The food is undeniably good food with a focus on a grain free diet that focuses on organ meat, which is rich in vitamins and minerals. So, I did the typical slow switch into my dogs' diets with a mixture before the full switch. After a few days of the mixture, I put their regular food in one bowl and this food in another bowl, and I noticed they haven't been eating it. They seem to prefer their Taste of the Wild and Blue Buffalo mixture they usually eat and are snubbing the Back to Basics. I think it has something to do with the kibble itself. BB and TOTW look like meatier, moister pieces of kibble, but B2B is very dry, almost like it was freeze dried or something. Personally, I think it is pretty expensive for food that is pretty good but the doggies don't really like. I probably won't continue with this in their diets.
My dog Pooper who is 1/2 German Shepard is very picky. He would eat this, but only when I added some wet dog food on top. The ingredient list was impressive and it seemed to have quality ingredients. I just wouldn't repurchase as my dog prefers his usual food. Though, my other outside dogs seemed to like this one fine.
Bake a Bone makes it super easy to whip up treats for your dog however don't confuse easy with quick!  Essentially what you have is a waffle maker.  Once you mix your ingredients you pour them into the 4 bone cavities.  You then close the lid & latch it, set the timer for the time called for & wait.  On average it takes about 10 min. per 4 bones.  So it takes a very long time to make one batch.The bones will bake up soft & need to be stored in the refrigerator with a limited shelf life.  If you want them to be crunchy, the instructions say to turn on the oven to 350, put the baked treats into the oven & turn off the oven leaving the treats inside for 4 - 6 hours.  I did this but left the bones in overnight.  The next morning when I went to pack them into containers they were all soft.  I pulled out my food dehydrator (one batch of bones fits on one tray in the Excalibur dehydrator) & dried.  The dehydrator did the trick!The dogs enjoy the treats that I have baked.  The little recipe booklet includes a nice selection from Apple Cinnamon Bones, Breath Mint Bones (I included a picture of the Breath Mint Bones I made using the the Bake a Bone), Molasses Cookies, Vegetarian, Salmon Snacks, Chicken Bones, Traditional Treats & 23 more!Overall the Bake a Bone is okay if you figure out a way to make the time work for you.  I like to plan it when I'll already be cooking in the kitchen.  Clean up is very easy thanks to the non stick nature of the inside.  Note:  The first couple of times I used this the chemical smell was pretty bad.  The treats don't look as pretty as the pictures (view my pics of Breath Mint Bones to compare).  Normally when I make treats for the dogs I use a cookie cutter & it is very time consuming.  It probably takes just as long to make them using the Bake a Bone with one big difference, the majority of the time is spent cooking the bones not cutting & rolling dough etc.  That is a plus.  The downside is that you have to dry them out if you want them crunchy taking up even more time.
I'd never heard of this item, and was intrigued when it came up in Vine. My dog is so picky about treats, I thought this would be perfect to try out for her.The packaging concept is so cute, it's a big bone-shaped machine. If you know someone who has dogs (and lots of time for something like this) it would make a great gift.This makes four bones at a time, with variable cooking time from 6-10 minutes. Each recipe makes a couple of dozen bones---so you can see how this would be pretty time consuming if you only made four at a time! It also doesn't make them crunchy, you have to finish them in the oven to make them crunchy. It's summertime--I really don't want to heat my house. My dog just sniffed and licked what I put in front of her but wouldn't eat it. I know the other dogs in my family would eat these no problem! But mine could care less. My cats paid more attention to the biscuits with bacon, than my dog did. The bones are about Milk-Bone size.It's a cute idea and might work for someone who doesn't mind spending over an hour (or more) making a batch of dog treats. The machine cleaned up very easily so no complaint there. There are a lot of recipes you could adapt if you don't feed your pets wheat/gluten/grain, overall I found all of the recipes to be something you could sub out ingredients for. (There are lots of whole-wheat flour recipes)
I was a little skeptical when I got this. I mean, only 4 treats at a time? I have THREE dogs.However, it proved to be really easy and went pretty fast. The recipes are all based off one standard dog cookie recipe with whole wheat flour. You then add your mix-ins like cheese or bananas. I just used the standard recipe and added applesauce and peanut butter. The mix smelled bad and tasted worse. Yes, I tasted it ok? But it was easy to drop it into the cookie molds and pretty easy to do it cleanly. I thought it would make a bigger mess, but it didn't.You then close the lid, lock and wait about 5 minutes. It says to go 10 but I found after the first batch, the machine was too hot to go 10 minutes and 5 was just fine.I thought it was going to take a long time to do a full batch, only 4 cookies at a time. I was already in the kitchen baking bread for the family though so it was no problem to just keep plopping in 4 more over and over until they were done.The cookies came out great, if you see the picture above, some of them brown faster than others depending on if they were an earlier batch or a later batch, the machine seems to get hotter and hotter and there is no temperature control. It was perfectly fine though, the dogs don't care if they are toasty or not toasty. Nice little machine for the price.Sponsorship Disclaimer: A free Bake-a-Bone was sent to me by the Amazon Vine program. All opinions are 100% my own as always.
The Bake-a-Bone is a dog treat maker that is designed to create healthy homemade dog treats without the use a dog treat mold. It comes with an oven that is a lot like a George Foreman grill. You mix up the batter, pour it into the four bone molds, close the lid, and the treats are ready in 8-10 minutes. It is very easy to use. just plug it in and it starts heating up. Mix up your batter using one of the recipes, and remove the bones after 8-10 minutes. The recipe guide is fairly expansive and has a lot of recipes that will utilize ingredients you probably already have. The majority of them follow a basic formula or water + whole wheat flour + ingredient. Some recipes call for eggs and milk.The first recipe I tried were "minty bones," so I combined flour, egg, almond milk, and chopped up mint. I originally tried spooning the batter into the molds using a spatula, which left batter outside the mold.  After the bones cooked, I had to trim away this excess batter with a knife. I then tried using a measuring cup to pour the batter in and things went much better. The batter will expand after cooking, so you don't want to fill the mold completely and leave a little room. The treats looked much better this time. The machine has a non-stick coating on it, and the treats popped out of the molds very easily with a knife. You can also just pick them up, but it gets very hot so I'd warn against this. The treats take 30 minutes to cool, but they never harden up.  They are soft and a bit spongy. The book says you can turn your oven on to 350, put the treats in, then turn the oven off for 4-6 hours if you want crunchier treats. I tried this, but my oven is completely cool after 30 minutes so I don't know why you have to leave them in for 4-6 hours, which seemed to do nothing and they were still soft. So I firmed them up by turning the oven on to 350 and baking them for 350 for about 3 minutes.  The appliance does leave a line halfway between the bones where the two halves connect, so your bones aren't going to look like professional dog treats and they probably won't look like they do in the television ad either.I ended up trying 5 recipes from the book. Although I like the recipes a lot, I don't see much, if any, advantage to use the Bake-a-Bone over a traditional oven with treat molds like this [[ASIN:B008HYSX28  Silicone 10 Bone Pan]]. The Bake-a-Bone is at pretty big disadvantage in that you can only cook 4 bones at a time.  Each recipe makes about 24 bones, so you're going to have to spend an hour and a half or so cooking them and re-adding batter. I didn't really find this to be much of an inconvenience, but it's definitely not as easy as using regular molds. I like the recipes a lot, but I have been given a lot of homemade dog treats from friends, all which look more uniform than the product the Bake-a-Bone produces. I will continue to use it and try some more recipes, but it's not as revolutionary as the commercial makes it out to be.
I make dog cookies all the time and was looking for an easier way than making a big batch of dough and rolling it out to prepare for cookie cutters.  While this dog treat maker is very easy to use (and clean up is a breeze), I wish that the "bones" were smaller since I have three dogs under ten pounds, and these treats end up being a bit too large.  But I cut them in half and they just love them, since they are like cake.  You can also make thme curnchier by heating and dryng them in the oven.The machine works similar to a waffle iron (and the myriad of new machines on the market for cake pops, pretzels, brownie bites, etc.).  The main drawback (other than the bone size) is that to make a full batch (cooks 4 in ten minutes), you will be at it for awhile.  I love the recipes and have tried the cheesy recipe and peanut butter recipe so far - they like the peanut butter one the best!  recommend that if you are not going to make a bunch of bones at once, that you cut the recipe in half and store any unused batter in the refrigerator.
Well I personally can't vouch for the taste but my two cats are eating it and one loves it. Of course she will eat anything, even sauerkraut. The other one will take this food or leave it depending on her mood. That's cats for you. I do think they prefer the Merrick pate bistro style I was feeding them.
I don't understand these products.There's a German Shepherd on the bag, but the bag says, 25-60#.  That's not a GSD.  My dogs are GSD-size-ish, and the big guys just about swallow these whole.  The dogs LIKE the sticks enough, but how is this &#34;dental?&#34;  If you offer bigger thicker sticks for bigger dogs, why not put a 40# dog on the bag, and use a GSD for the big-dog packaging?I gave half a stick to the tiny dog (9#), and he went through it pretty quickly, too.  He probably got a bit more dental value out of it.  Hard to break.Favor and desirability?  five stars.Value?  Not clear to me.
I have two dogs, about a year old each so they don't really need the dental cleaning products yet.  But if I could find something to keep their teeth cleaner longer then I'm all for it.  Day 1 I gave them each one of these... Fez took his and ran off with it, Watson just dropped it on the floor and walked off.  Watson never ate a single one.  So after giving up on him I gave them to Fez, one every other day.  After the second one, the loose stool started, and then the vomiting up blue goo.  The blue goo was not easy to get out of the carpet. I gave the rest of the bag to a neighbor after the second bought of blue goo removal from the carpeting.  The neighbor's pit ate them whole and may or may not have kept them down - the neighbor is not the most attentive pet owner.I would not purchase these, though based on the ingredients and the fact that they did dissolve (Fez never vomited up whole treat) I would assume that if they don't upset your doggie's tummy, and your doggie chews them, that these could be beneficial to their teeth.
It works all right.  I used it for my kitchen window my cats have begun scratching up.  It doesn't fold so I just overlapped it over the window.  I was going to cut it, but that would still leave some space open.  So it doesn't mold very well to what you are trying to adhere it to is the main issue.  They don't scratch it now, but it's ugly and you can obviously tell it's there.
I tried Pruven on both a wood door and a vinyl sliding glass door edge.  Application is relatively easy and Pruven is relatively forgiving if you need to peal it back off a bit and reapply during installation.  However, I found it very difficult on vinyl to get out any bubbles after the tape was laid.The tape (and this is much like very thick and slick scotch tape) is barely visible on the vinyl door but quite visible from several feet away on the wood door.  I only used it in single strips but I would think that strips butted together would also be visible.  So far, it has held up well and feels quite durable &#8211; but time will tell.
My bedroom door is already pretty much destroyed at the bottom.  I thought if I put some of this film up, it might help.  I don't really worry about the door that much, I just want them to quit trying to get in when I don't want them in.  The film stuck to the door ok, though it was uneven.  I have 6 cats and none of them tried to get it off, but the problem was when the scratching didn't make enough noise anymore, they started throwing themselves against the door.The film is clear, and looks a good bit like thick tape.  It sticks well and would be great for window or door frames that you'd like to keep nice.  It does also reduce the sound of scratching a bit.  It doesn't deter cats from trying to get through a barrier though.
I used this on a couple of window sills where my parakeets like to sit. It is stiff and I could not bend it to cover the edge of the sill but trimmed it with an Xacto knife. It works and protects my wood window sills from bird droppings.I originally purchased this for the door to my den that my dogs tend to scratch but the film would not conform to the door moldings and panels so I used it for the window sill and am very happy with the protection it provides. I have a couple of glasses of cuttings that I'm trying to root on the kitchen window sill and will use the Pruven film to protect those sills from watering spills and prevent rings from the bottom of the glasses.
I was hoping I could use this tape to keep my cats and dogs from scratching the furniture as well as the windowsills, my two problem areas.  The directions warn against using on fabric, but since it's an older sofa, I thought I'd give it a shot.  Well, the tape didn't harm the furniture, but the cats promptly tore it down.  On the windowsills, we had better luck, but I didn't like the way you could see it, it really is not invisible.  We kept it on the sills they like to abuse the most, but took it off the others.
Don't get this if you're looking for any kind of fabric solution, the package tells you no floors, no drywall, wallpaper, upholstery, leather, chipped or peeling surfaces, etc etc. So the use for this is pretty limited and if you have cats like I do chances are you need something more versatile.It's easy to use though, and easy to remove and relocate. Not 100% invisible but still really good. Personally, I think this product is better suited to dog owners who need their dogs to not scratch up the door when they want to go outside.
As other reviewers did, I mistook the 3 for 3'!  I was thrilled to get it as we have a large piece of pet proof plastic on the inside of the patio door screen so the cats won't ruin the screen.  The plastic is 5 years old and needs replacing.We don't have any wood window sills and our cats don't bother the wood door frames so I decided to cut strips to put lengthwise on  the corners of walls where they meet and where the cats love to rub. Not a good idea...it did not adhere well because the surfaces are not smooth.Pruven is made for a specific use and in southwest homes with little wood it probably won't find a lot of uses.
I have a multiple cat household and my cats are not de-clawed. They have a tendency to scratch at a wooden newel post on my stair case. I also have two dogs who sometimes scratch at my wooden doors so I was excited to try this product by 3M.Basically, it is a clear, thick adhesive tape that you apply to windows and doors that your pets scratch. It applies easily as long as the surface is flat, but it will not adhere or conform to any curves. That kind of makes it useless for areas on many window sill applications and certain doors that have shaped molding. It also made it less than perfect for my newel post since there is quite a bit of shaped molding on it.However, for surfaces that are smooth and flat, this tape works very, very well. It is almost invisible and adheres well but comes off cleanly. I applied this tape, which is 3 inches wide by 15 feet long, to my front and back door and to the flat portions of my newel post. My pets still scratch at those areas, but this tape makes it less enjoyable for them and it really does protect the surface beneath.Because this tape is too thick and rigid to conform to curves, it won't be the answer to all your scratching issues in your house. For certain areas, though, it's a great product and works well. I gave it 3 stars because it does work, but not perfectly for the applications it mentions on the product.
I have a 70 pound golden retriever, and she does absolutely love these products.  However, I wouldn't particularly recommend them for people who have bigger dogs because they are really soft - so much so that I question their usefulness (the packaging claims that the shape is designed to help clean teeth, but I would imagine for that to take place there has to be actual chewing going on).  One of the reasons I buy chews is to help with my dog's teeth, and the other is to keep her occupied and entertained for more than 5 seconds.  This product doesn't really meet my needs in either area, because even though they are a decent size, they are so soft that my dog eats them in a heartbeat.  I'll stick to some other brands that will do this better.
My tabby is in her 23rd year now...She is the most healthy cat I have ever owned.  Never been sick a day in her life and still eating and looking very good.  Many people tell me I am good caregiver, but in all seriousness, I feel she just comes from good stock.  For all I have ever done is feed her regular dry food like Friskie's and Nine Lives.  I have tried giving her healthier food in the past, but she won't be fooled.  She just doesn't go for it, and this Hills Science stuff is no different.  I tried serving it to her alone, as well as mixed with some her regular meal and she ignored it and left it behind both times.  I even tried serving it to some of the neighborhood cats that come by here for free handouts and the results were mixed with them as well.  Despite the number of them around here, the bowl remained mostly full till the raccoons came by during the night and polished it off.  I have no doubt that this meal has a lot more going for it nutritionally, but truly if your cat won't eat it, forget it.  The cost on this of course is much higher than the more traditional foods, so if you are interested in it I suggest obtaining a small amount of it first and trying it with your cat.  My results were pretty much dismal, and the rest of whats left is mostly going to feed the various creatures of the night.  5 stars for the manufacturers effort, and 0 stars on execution.  A 3 average is the best I can do... : )
I have four cats and only one is really finicky.  However, the finicky one and two others ate this food immediately.  My fourth cat, who is not finicky at all only nibbled a little bit on this when I first put it out but will continue to eat it if that is all he gets.According to the bag and (which I cannot personally verify) this grain free cat food has:- Prebiotics to promote nutrient absorption and digestive health- nourishes a radiant and lustrous skin and coat- supports healthy kidneys, immune system, and good vision- has no artificial colors, flavors, or preservativesThe first 10 ingredients in order are:ChickenPotatoesYellow PeasPea Protein ConcentrateChicken FatPotato StarchDried Egg ProductChicken MealDried Beet PulpFlaxseedetc. (various vitamins, minerals and amino acids...)The Guaranteed Analysis is:Crude Protein minimum of 29%Crude Fat minimum of 19%Crude Fiber maximum of 3.5%Moisture maximum of 9%Phosphorus minimum of 0.6% and maximum of 0.9%Vitamin E minimum of 500 IU/kgTaurine minimum of 0.2%*Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C) minimum 85 mg/kg*Omega-3 Fatty Acids minimum 0.5%*Omega-6 Fatty Acids minimum 3%*The last three are not recognized as an essential nutrient by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles.The calculated calorie content is 4083 kcal ME/kg; 511 kcal ME/cupThe bag also says this food is rated for Adults 1-6 years old and my cats are 6+ so I guess I should not buy this for my cats in the future even though they appear to love it.Besides the food itself, I like the strong plastic bag the cat food comes in.  Although the package says you can tear the top part to open it, I found that impossible to do and had to use a scissor.  The bag reseals nicely with the inside Velcro strip.In summary, this cat food is five stars from my cats; however, I rated it four stars because nowhere on the bag does it say the food is 100% nutritionally complete and balanced for the lifecycle of the cat. On the front it says 100% guaranteed or your money back with the words real chicken as #1 ingredient, precisely balanced, and great taste. It also says "precisely balanced nutrition suitable for cats with grain sensitivities" but I did not take that to mean it is 100% precisely balanced nutrition for the cat if fed every day. I would feel more comfortable if the bag said it was 100% balanced nutrition and only for that reason am I rating this cat food 4 stars.On another note, I do think the current price of $36.99 for an 11 lb bag is outrageous but I've noticed that some premium cat foods fetch a very high price and therefore did not mark this product down because of the price.Sept 1, 2013 UPDATE - I've just lowered this to 3 stars because now my cats are no longer eating this food with gusto. They will eat it mixed in with their other food a bit at a time.
I poured the food out in the dry food bin and my cats sniffed it and then turned back to some wet food they were eating. Usually when I pour out fresh dry food, they turn to eat that but not with this product. Not much interest.
Dogs do not drink, smoke, or get pedicures. They need a way to release their stress just as much as we do. They especially need to be protected from toxic stress of the environment.Tablets that help them do that seem like a great idea. However, I did not see any results from these herbal supplements. I found that my miniature dachshund did a lot better with the Calming Aid  and/or herbal concoctions prescribed to him by a holistic vet than he did with these stress management tablets.
If you are thinking of getting these for a short-term use, you should reconsider. According to the instructions, you need to administer it for seven days before the frightening event and continue administering it daily thereafter.I have been giving it to one of my dogs (the only one who will take it, and the one who needs it most) for a few days now. I have not noticed any difference in her responses to frightening noises and situations, and in fact have noticed one event of increased aggression. Since she weighs only six pounds, she is most assuredly getting a large enough dose.While the ingredients seem like they might work, it hasn't worked in her situation. (She is a rescue pet). The other two dogs in our home turn their noses up at it, meaning it would not be effective in any case. the 2 out of three refusal means you will need to worry about weather your dog will eat it.
I wanted to use this for my mother's senior schnoodle. He is the size of a dust bunny, that is coming in at just under five pounds. Changes to his routine cause him to tremble like a leaf and drool like he was eyeing a steak on a grill. The drooling gets so bad he (and everything near him) is completely saturated.The package directs that one tablet be given to dogs up to fifty pounds. There is a big difference between a fifty pound dog and a five pound dog. So I called customer service after being on a hold a couple of minutes, I spoke with a pleasant young lady. She told me that they consider the product safe but the clinical trials were performed on beagles, not any toy breeds and the only side effects were mild digestive upset. I told her I was thinking of cutting the pill in half or quarters and wanted her thoughts. She said that might be a good idea. I was told it was recommended that you start the treatment 7 days prior to the stressing event but that it could be safely used daily, for instance all summer long if the dog was afraid of thunderstorms.My next questions had to do with the ingredients. First, Relora, the main active ingredient, is also marketed as a weight loss remedy for people and I was wondering whether any type of weight loss was exhibited in her tests.  I was advised that a tech would get back to me. (Hasn't yet.) Finally I wanted to know where the ingredients were sourced and manufactured. I was told they were manufactured in the US (South Carolina) and NOT from China. the ingredients are not from the US but there origin was not revealed.I have been giving him a quarter of a tablet and I have noticed no negative effects. He has been sleeping through the night. The real litmus test will be when he goes to the vet in  eight days.Herbal supplements, in my mind, are preferable to pharmaceuticals. They can be quite effective. Farnham is a reputable company. However, I think the dosing instructions are too broad and information about where an item is sourced and manufactured should be clearly delineated on the label.Unless your dog is constantly stressed or exceedingly anxious, I don't see the need of a daily dosage. If you are not sold on this product you may wish to considerNoviPet Calming Aid for DogsIt was effective with the schnoodle and the dosing is tied to smaller increments of weight.
I'm a little skeptical as the effectiveness of herbal supplements in general, and to make it worse, my dog is already pretty chill (7 year old Cavalier King Charles). However, he is prone to occasionally waking up at night and nervously scratching / pacing. Sometimes I feed a tablet to him at night -- he thinks they're treats -- and I want to say that there might be a noticeable difference in the likelihood that he'll start pacing / scratching during the night.Honokiol is a magnolia-derived extract long used in Eastern (read: superstition / 'energy') medicine that is beginning to make a bit of an appearance on the Western (read: backed by actual evidence) scene. There is some actual evidence out there that Honokiol has antidepressant and other potentially desirable properties, but it's still mostly a toss-up, in my opinion.Relora appears to be a brand-name blend of extracts from both Magnolia and Phellodendron. I can't find much objective stuff on this, but assume similar new-agey claims like there are with Honokiol.Perhaps my dog is calmer after taking these, and perhaps not? I'm giving it 3 stars because I suspect there might be an effect, and because, worst case, he still will eat them like treats.
I thought this might be helpful for my dog who suffers from separation anxiety. When we first adopted him he would cry and howl when left alone. That seemed to get better with some time and after we got him a cat for companionship. However, he still gets very excited, barking and shrieking, when we return from being away even for a short time. I hoped that this supplement might help to reduce his stress.He does not chew chewable tablets, so I had to wrap these in a small piece of cheese. Once I did, he gobbled them right up. That is his standard M.O.They say that you should give the pills for at least seven days before the stressful event--this is not a Valium that you give at the time of stress. Some reviewers reported that their dogs became listless immediately after taking the pill, but that was not our experience. However, I didn't notice much difference even after several days.It may be that my dog's stress will take longer to treat because he has experienced it for so long. Nothing else we have tried has completely done away with it, but we have been able to ease it. I will continue with these tablets and see if there is any effect after a longer time. If so, I will update this review.My bottom line: The supplement does not appear to have a negative effect, but so far it has not made much, if any, difference for my dog.
I have a restless dog that easily stresses out, but I blame that on her epilepsy.  For that only phenobarbital works, but the dosage depends on her weight.  Too much can damage the liver.  When things upset her, I try to remove her from the stressful environment so that she can calm down.Perhaps because of my dog's clinical disposition, these herbal pills do not help much.  Because of the seven-day advance intake of these pills, it's even harder to work with unless a major stressful event is planned, such as car or travel or a move to a new location.  At least the dog ate this with little fight.
I carefully observed my dogs for 3 consecutive days on these stress management pills.  I didn't notice anything different.  To make these tablets effective, I suggest doing something more than merely observation as I did.  For example, one could try dog training lessons at the same time.
I tried to look this product up on the manufacturer's website but I could not find it so none of my questions were answered about this product. I (a human) have taken magnolia officinalis, the main ingredient in this supplement, as a sleep aid and did not care for the way it made me feel. I can not say what affect this had on my dog as she was not interested in chewing it. I just have more questions rather than answers about BioSpot Active Care Stress Management Chewable tablets for dogs.
We tried these chewable pill to keep my dog calm during fireworks, but found not difference in her.  2 tablets a day for my large dog make this only 15 days worth, so not very cost effective, and it takes 7 days to even see any effect.
I gave these to one of my dogs because she is always getting hyper just to see if it would make any difference. When the mail came today the dog always is barking up a storm and in this case the dog stayed pretty relaxed. I've read a review that another person had serious concerns with her dogs reaction to these so that makes me a little worries, I don't believe I'll be giving these to my dog again. Frankly I would rather hold my dog or try to naturally calm her then giving pills with unknown side effects. That being said, giving her one of these DID seem to change her stress level so they do work and for that it gets 3 stars. But I am too concerned over other users experiences.
Chewy is a doberman/Shepard mix. I would not call him a nervous dog at all. He is normally good around people. Put he sometimes gets too excited around large groups and has accidents. We were planning on having Christmas day dinner at our home with 12 people (five of them children under the age of 11). So we had some concerns as to how he might react. The directions for this product tell you to start giving to your dog ten days before the potentially stressful event. We followed the directions as instructed.During Christmas dinner, he was well behaved and there were no accidents. However truthfully I can't say this was because of the product or because I simply was worried about something that I should not have been. He was still, after all, Chewy. He played with the kids and begged at the table like he always does.I would have to say the jury is still out on this product. It didn't do any harm, and there are no ingredients in the product that set off any bells or whistles. But I can't give it a firm stamp of approval because while he didn't behave worse during the larger-than-normal gathering, I can't say he behaved any different.
The directions on the bottle state you should administer these for at least 7 days prior to the planned event that might stress your dog.  1 tab a day for dogs under 50 lb.s 2 a day if over 50 pounds.  Since there are only 30 tablets in the bottle this won't last long.  I bought them for an upcoming trip.  I will update my review after our trip as to how well they work.
Last night was New Years Eve, so I thought it'd be a good time to try this stress management tablet on the dogs. Our neighborhood turns into the 4th of July on every New Years Eve, and it makes the dogs crazy.I had a little bit of trouble getting the elderly Shih Tzu  to eat his dose, but after putting it in his mouth he spit it back out a few times until he finally chewed and swallowed. The Jack Russell mix ate his right up.The Shih Tzu did not seem bothered by the fireworks and napped most of the night. The younger dog, however, did not seem affected by the tablet and growled and moaned and groaned until he was put to bed.Not sure how effective it was, but I'm willing to try it again because neither dog had any negative side effects.
I've noticed no quantifiable improvement with the use of this pill (my dog has anxiety in certain types of new situation).  She also doesn't seem to care for the taste, and as they are chewables, forcing her to take them isn't much of an option.  Overall, I don't see any reason to continue this regimen. We will return to just our regular doggie Multi.I did give it 3 stars as I noticed no adverse affects, either.
I gave the pills to my dog for a week but I am not sure if it worked or not. I guess time will tell. I am wary about herbal remedies because they aren't tested and the results are subjective. Not sure if I will continue.
The think to know about herbal and most over the counter calming aids for dogs is that they take the edge off. Maybe enough for you to start training a cognitive rehabilitation routine. But for most dogs they are no miracle workers.For Cedar this product calmed him enough that we could give him treats and he would accept them during the New Year's fireworks going off in our neighborhood.All through the night when fireworks would go off we would give him a treat. After a few hours when a volley of pops would sound in the distance his ears would perk and he would come running, because he knew he was going to get a treat. By doing this he learned to stop associating the sound with fear and start associating it with a yummy treat.
I tried this on a very excitable miniature poodle, and alas, during the time period, there was no change that I could see.  At least, it didn't have any adverse effects, a major concern.
I was a little disappointed, as these did not really work for our dogs.  I saw no difference in their behavior, no increase in calm.  On the upside, they did not resist taking them.  Maybe they will work better for other dogs.
This is a generic multi-vitamin for dogs. Just as with the people's multi-vitamins, you have to be careful with which vitamins you give.I prefer to give separate vitamins rather than a multi-vitmain but then there are a lot of &#34;snack times&#34; which is actually bad for a dog's digestion and blood circulation (bloodflow goes to the gut anytime they see or smell food).Thus, I do occasionally give multi-vitamins. I could see any results that were positive or negative upon giving these.
I'm not sure how much effect these have on the actual animals' systems.  However, there were no direct side effects.  The reason, however, there are two stars taken off is simply because my Springer Spaniel, who will eat virtually anything, would not touch these.  I managed to break them into his food and he did eat them, but he wouldn't take them alone.
Some days my dog is willing to take it all right, and sometimes she glares at me for not offering her a better 'treat'.As a vitamin, I think it's all right. It'd probably be going down more reliably if I tried dipping it in people food or something, but since I'm okay with her just taking it sometimes I don't worry about it too much when she doesn't want it.Mostly, I try to make sure she's eating decent food that should provide for most of her needs, but occasionally supplementing it with a vitamin seems to be a good way to sneak a little extra in for the sake of covering gaps. This is fine for that purpose. Not outstanding, but not a huge ordeal to give her either.
These vitamins come in a 60 count bottle and each tablet is about the size of a Tums. They are chewable and designed to be easy to get your dog to eat it. My guess is that it will be luck of the draw whether or not you particular dog will eat them. Our dogs are a little spoiled and are used to eating table scraps. Neither one of them will touch these. We tried to act like they were treats but they weren&#8217;t buying it at all. We got one of them to eat one and she got sick all over the place. Next time we tried to break it up and give her a smaller portion and she wouldn&#8217;t touch it. I&#8217;m not sure if it&#8217;s because she remembers that it made her sick or because she just doesn&#8217;t like something about it. These contain a wide variety of vitamins so in theory they should be good for them but I think it will be more hassle than it&#8217;s worth trying to get them to eat them.
I was given this to review and tried to find more information about it but it isn't even listed on the manufacturer's website.  The main ingredient is wood pulp which I typically do not give my dog as she doesn't really eat wood.  I offered her one and she was not interested.
I got these because I have 2 dogs that are getting older and I wanted to see if maybe these would help them out. I can't say for sure if they are &#34;working&#34;, it's sort of like a vitamin for a human, you either feel it or you don't. In the case of the dogs one of the dogs will eat just about anything, including these, the other dog is pretty picky and really refuses to eat these unless you wrap it in cheese. I may continue to give these to the one dog that likes it to see if they make a difference, but it's not worth the hassle for the other dog, instead I'll continue the search for a vitamin that she will eat on her own.
They should work on flavoring these pills with something appealing.  This vitamin has been taste tested on 3 different dogs (a Scottie, a highly cooperative Rottwieler-Mix, and an lovely willing-to-eat-anything-Golden-Retriever).  Only the Golden would touch it, and she looked insulted and was decidedly reluctant.  Ingredients list looks good, but I noticed no difference with using it.  Also, I cannot scientifically test this.  So, I'll just say you need luck on your side to get it into your dog.  You will have to split this pill (which is just smaller than a quarter) into halves if your dog is under 25 pounds.  Double up for larger dogs.
The studies just came out about multivitamins not being good for humans. Are they good for dogs or not? Probably not for dogs with a healthy diet. I obtained these vitamins right around that study and did try them on my dog. He doesn't like them much and I might not continue them but if he did, I would use them under the recommendation of a vet.
It's hard to review a vitamin because you never really know if it's helping or not. I've always gone by the theory that your body will excrete any vitamin it doesn't need except something like &#34;A&#34; but I'm probably wrong.My Aussie has no problem with these but she will eat anything if you tell her it's a treat so I don't know how credible she is.  I think, like most pet owners,  I want to give my pets all the best of everything  but after reading an article by a vet yesterday I have my doubts about vitamins.He said:1) Supplements can be good if your pet has a disease that changes his ability to absorb food or has to eat a low-fat diet.2)If you're feeding a good diet, supplements won't help and can throw his diet out of whack. ...(no further explanation)These vitamins seem complete and are probably as good as any but maybe it would be a good idea to consult your vet first to see if any  vitamins at all are a good idea.
My understanding of what this tab is supposed to do is that it's meant to stop excessive shedding of hair. When my Dog starts to shed hair she does so heavily. I have not noticed any difference after using this for one week. will keep using it though and will update review if i notice any difference.
Fact: Every dog sheds approximately every 180 days.Fact: All white hairs will wind up on your dark clothing. All dark hair will wind up on your light clothing. [Actually, they will only be visible on those clothes, obviously, you'll have all hairs on your clothing, but only the darker ones wil lbe visible on the light and light ones on the dark.)Fact: Dogs love snacks.Stipulation: These pills may or may not work.These tablets do not seem to decrease the amount of shedding my shorthaired dog (miniature dachshund) is experiencing right now. He likes to eat them as a snack, but I can't tell you with any degree of certainty that they are working. He has now consumed the whole bottle over the past month, and yet I haven't noticed a dramatic reduction in the hair on the furniture, the clothes, the floor, etc.
Generally shedding can be managed with a high quality diet, plenty of clean water, regular brushing and occasional baths. Still there are times when extra support can be warranted. I decided to try this on two dogs. The first is my German Shepherd who has very sensitive skin. She suffered a bad flea allergy over the summer that caused some hair loss. Although her coat has grown back, her hair and skin and vulnerable areas. The second is my brother's chow mix, an inveterate shedder. She is a sweet dog but any encounter with her leaves you covered with hair.Both dogs took the supplement willingly. There is a mild fishy/grainy odor but nothing off putting. The pills contain taurine, biotin, zinc, Vitamins A, D and E, and copper in addition to Omega 6 and 3 fatty acids. Dosage is weight based. With four tablets for dogs 26 to 60 pounds and six tablets for those over 60 pounds, this is a pricey proposition for those with medium to large dogs. After a week, I can't say I noticed any significant difference in shedding or in skin or coat health. On the other hand, there were no negative side effects and the dogs seemed to enjoy the tablets.This might be something to try if your dog is stressed or not eating well and your vet has given you a clear bill of health. But if you groom regularly and provide a quality diet, I doubt it is necessary.
This seems okay as a doggie vitamin, since it has Omega 3 and a few vitamins in it. My dog doesn't love it, but she can be coaxed into trying them so far.Some of the stuff in it seems like it might help make her fur a little softer and healthier, but I didn't really notice a difference with shedding. Unless your dog is losing hair due to nourishment issues, it's hard to imagine how something in here would be much help.
I have an aging Australian shepherd mix who sheds a lot.  It's part of the double coat this breed has.  While my dog did enjoy these tablets, I didn't see a difference.  His fur was still a bit on the greasy side and he continued to shed after the tablets were gone. Shedding is a part of being an Aussie shepherd, and something that will never go away in this breed.  So, while I saw no results, I do feel these tablets are a good source of nutritional supplements.
I was really looking forward to using these, as my Shar Pei is in the stages of blowing his coat right now. I tried to give this to him for a few days, but he keeps regurgitating it.  The ingredients are decent except for the canola oil and artificial flavoring. I will have to discontinue using this, as my dog cannot keep it down for some reason. These are also quite pricey, as a medium sized dog requires 3-4 of these a day. The pills themselves are a bit large and may not be safe for toy sized dogs to consume.
These seemed to decrease the shedding slightly. I'm using these with our Jack Russell/American Eskimo mix. I wish they were a little more appetizing for the dogs. She'll eat them, but reluctantly. I like the idea of a shed solution, but this isn't going to replace regular grooming and vacuuming to control the fur buildup in our home.
Dry flaky skin (in humans or adults) is often an indication of a deficiency of omega 3s (fish oil, flax seed oil, krill oil, borage oil, hemp oil, evening primrose oil, etc). I was stunned that the dosage is 6 tablets, per day, for dogs 60 pounds and over.  My dogs would require a bottle every 3-4 days. Wow.  The active ingredients can be very beneficial for shedding and dander control - particularly the omega 3 essential fatty acids but there are much more economical sources that are quality human grade.
I'm hoping this will promote a really good coat, but the bigger my pup gets, the less affordable it will be!  I may resort to a sprinkle of olive oil on his food.
While papillons don't shed much because they have only a single coat, these &#34;shed solutions&#34; are usually great for helping maintain good skin and coat quality.  I gave this to my 12 lb papillon and he had no problems eating these supplements.  I didn't notice a big change in his shedding or coat quality.  He already eats multivitamins and a good diet, so I really don't think this added too much more.  While it didn't work much for my dog, it may work on yours, so it may be worth a try.
I have a Jack-Chi mix who sheds like crazy. He loves this supplement, so it's a breeze to give it to him.It's difficult to say whether it's working at this early stage, but the cost is prohibitive to continue for any length of time.The formula appears to be largely fish oil, so we might switch to that.
My dog took them but the number of pills for 2-4 weeks means buying more than than one bottle. This is a major drawback. The bottle contains Omega 3 and 6 fatty acids which are probably good for dogs.
It's winter, and a cold one at that this year. So I'm not sure the lack of shedding are these tablets or Mother Nature protecting my pooch normally. I can't say definitely the less shedding is due to the tablets alone.