I've used Frontline on my dogs (and cats) for years now.  I had once gotten a country dog and no matter what I did, couldn't get rid of the fleas.  Then Frontline came out and I was finally able to get rid of them.I've used this product for at least 10yrs and have never had a problem.  This year was the exception in that we had a warmer than normal winter and a very hot dry summer, so I did have to use some flea spray as well.  but it is under control.ONe other thing.... I was told by the vet that it works best if used all year long.  Might be a tad pricey for that if you have several dogs (and cats) like I do, but if it'll stop the problem before it begins, it'll be worth it.Thank you.MEF
When frontline first came out it was strong enough that 1 dose would last on one of my dogs for over two months, it's not that strong anymore it seems.  It does however, work really well.  I want to use it specifically because it kills fleas as eggs and adults.  It will help with ticks but they are very hard to get rid of.  I get this size pkg and divide it up between my 8 dogs who range in size from 22lbs to 90 lbs. My vet gave me a syringe to get the liquid out of each of the vials and advised me on the correct dose for each dog.  It really saves money!
I use Frontline Plus every month on my 25 pound mutt and so far it has worked perfectly. She has had no flea, tick, or lice infestations whatsoever. In fact, I've witnessed ticks jumping on to her and then jumping or falling off soon after without attempting to burrow beneath her fur. The chemicals in Frontline Plus are absorbed into the dog's skin and are very effective. I don't like to think about how they might be harming the dog....she seems not to notice the monthly application or the slight chemical smell.
These adult dog food cans are smaller than what I normally buy for my dogs. And a bit more runny. But I gave both my dogs, an Australian shepherd and pit bull mix, dry food and then pour this over there dog food. Because of the more wet like consistency it poured out of the can very easily and I didn't need to use a utensil to get the dog food out of the can.You can see beef chunks and rice in the gravy. And the smell wasn't too over powering at all. My dogs really loved it and both ate a can each in one sitting, dry dog food and all they licked their dishes clean.There are recommended daily feeding amounts for dog size based on pounds on the back of the can but I mostly give my dogs a can as a treat and not as there daily food.  But for a 50 lb dog it says feed 3-1/2 cans of this a day, 75 lb 4-3/4 cans a day, 100 lb 6 cans of a day, 150lbs  8-1/4 cans a day. So that can really add up if you take there recommendations. It wants you to feed this amount to the dog into 2 or more feedings in the day.Overall my dogs loved the tasted, and I do like the Purina brand
I got this primarily for our 14 year old Walker Coon Hound to add to his organic Chicken & Rice dry food now that his teeth are starting to get weaker and he's just &#34;at that age&#34;. It's just time. I did add it to the other 5 dogs' meals as well for a week test run. The senior dog likes it alot and he wolfs down his food with this Pro Plan added (he wasn't eating poorly before though). He has had no stomach upset or digestion issues from it and no signs of ingredient allergies, so those are definite pluses. We'll probably keep him on it for a bit, but not permanently - his regular diet is a specialty custom blend with low salt, no wheat, corn,  or soy in a senior blend, so this stuff adds some of those things.The reason for the one star deduction - all five of the other dogs had very unpleasant gas from this dog food added in with their dry food & water. Our organic dry food is really top notch and when I say they rarely have flatulence, I mean RARELY and we're talking about 6 large dogs living inside. I don't know what the reason is, but all of the younger dogs (ages 10 to 6 years) experienced this problem, so we will be passing on it. No diarrhea or vomiting, nothing like that at all. Overall this is a decent enough grocery store canned food and far less expensive than the other brands with similar ingredients etc.
We have two Mini Schnauzers that can be picky when dinner-time arrives.  Their feeding routine consists of wet and dry mixed together.  They seem to like this PRO PLAN Chicken & Rice entr&eacute;e, and that is a good thing because the first ingredient is Chicken, followed by water, some meat products, then rice.  There also is added vitamins and minerals to this product to help with keeping a healthy pet.  They are in the 20+ lb. category, male and female, 3 1/2 yrs., and share a can a day.  At first, they turned their noses up and walked away, but did return and cleaned out their bowls, so we have a winner!  (Sometimes I think it's the kibbles/dry food that they object too!)This review is for the ProPlan chicken, it was inadvertently posted here, for the beef.  They have also had the beef and like it as well for their supper.  Hope this didn't confuse anyone-----they are both very good products.
I checked the ingredients list and the first few ingredients are:  Water sufficient for processing, beef, liver, wheat gluten, chicken, rice, meat by products and corn starch. Afterwards is a long string of vitamins and supplements.  For canned dog food it's better than a lot other canned dog food out there for sale, but I still hesitate to feed my dogs canned dog food very often for the simple reason that it sticks to their teeth and contributes to dental decay.  They eat almost exclusively dry food, but I like to give them canned food as a special treat every now and then.I have two small dogs (chihuahua sized) and though this food is for large breed dogs, they were able to eat it just fine.  The size of the chunks did not slow them down one bit and they seemed to really like this food.  I poured the entire can into their bowl and they weren't able to eat all of it but the cat helped out, and they came back later to finish it off.  It's important that my dogs enjoy their food and it's the least I can do to make them happy.Overall, this canned dog food is acceptable and I don't think it's loaded with tons of preservatives.  I never really understood why a canned food would even need preservatives in the first place since it's canned and not exposed to any air.
My dog LOVES this stuff. I think she believes she is eating her favorite cat food or possibly people food. There is no disagreeable odor. If your dog is a picky eater this might be a good choice.I'm no vet so what do I know about pet nutrition? But this is the  dogfoodadvisor.com  opinion:"Purina Pro Plan Savor dog food is a meat-based wet product using a moderate amount of meats and meat by-products as its main sources of animal protein, thus earning the brand 2.5 stars.Not recommended"There has been quiet a bit written about arsenic in rice lately so it might be a good idea to swap this out with another type food occasionally.
We have a rescue chihuahua, Robin, who only weighs 5 pounds. In December, her teeth were cleaned before we got her. Two weeks ago, the vet pointed out that she has already built up a mild yellow on her teeth, in spite of the chews we were giving her to help.At her size, dental hygiene is a huge issue, because a small mouth makes it more difficult to remain clean, plus the dental brushes they have for dogs don't fit inside of her mouth. I am including this in her food to help. She hesitated the first time I sprinkled it on, but then dove into her food, so she apparently could smell it but it didn't turn her off.The problem with writing a review is this - if she improves, will it be because of this? Or will it be caused by some other factor? The same holds true if it doesn't improve - would it be worse if we didn't use the support? All we as pet owners can do is consult our vets and try to follow the best course. I don't feel comfortable giving it 5 stars, but since she is eating it, and it has caused no distress, I am giving it 4 stars.
As part of good dental care most vets now recommend brushing the pet's teeth.  This is a task easier said than done, especially if you adopt adult dogs from rescues or shelters.  Periosupport is designed to be used between veterinary cleanaings. It promises to inhibit plaque formation and keep breath fresh.The product itself is a surprisingly non-gritty powder with a pleasant licorice aroma.  It comes in a plastic jar with a shaker top.  It contains natural zeolites, which are supposed to keep the plaque from adhering to the teeth. It is also contains with cranberry extract which is known for its anitbacterial properties as well as two strains of friendly bacteria, which will displace dangerous bacteria. Yucca is reputed to inhibit enzymes that damage delicate gum tissue.  Zinc and taurine support gum health, with zinc oxidizing plaque.  Also included are vegetable fats which enhance palatability. A teaspoon is supposed to be sprinkled on food at every meal. I contacted customer service. My menagerie ranges from micro mutts to supersized and I wanted to know whether adjustments were necessary. The response was that it was a teaspoon regardless of size, although you were free to adjust it down for smaller muzzles/fewer teeth if you wanted.My dogs (2 chinese cresteds and a young German Shepherd) and my brother's (a schnoodle, chow and massive shepherd) all love it.While it is too early to tell whether there are any dental benefits, it did seem to freshen the dreaded doggy breathe.  This product can be used for cats also. I have not given it to my cat, a Himalayn because he is notoriously sensitive to supplements.So far I like this product and will update my review when the dogs go for their next wellness check (in about five months).I was pleased with the prompt response from their customer service.  I wish they had included a little spoon or cup to measure out the product because it is difficult to guage amounts while using the shaker.  Other than that it a nice smelling, palatable product that is easy to use and hopefully will produce some long term results.
I've used this for a couple days now and am happy with it so far. We get our dog's teeth cleaned by the Vet regularly but there wasn't much we could do in between visits. I've tried the treats that are supposed to help and I like them but it seems like they didn't help as much as they should have considering what the vet says at the cleanings.Here's what I've noticed:+My dog's breath was noticably fresher than normal right after she eats (because you put this on the dog's food)+My dog didn't notice the taste or liked it, whichever may be the case because she ate her food like normal-The poweder doesn't stick to dry food well and falls through to the bottom of the bowl. So I very lightly sprayed the top of the food with water then put the powder on and it stuck better. This wouldn't be an issue with wet food.Overall, I'm happy with the product and I plan on checking with my vet at the next cleaning to see if it actually works to keep her gums and teeth clean or if my dog's breath is the only thing impacted.
After applying this to my older dogs' wet food for a few weeks I must admit that I've noticed "fresher breath" on both of them.  One of the dog's teeth aren't much whiter, but the breath is at least more acceptable.It takes a few weeks of daily use to notice the difference.  I'll get another jar of this and try it a bit longer. It's a nice alternative to having a dog's teeth cleaned under anesthesia.
We rescued an Aussie last year who came with a case of bad breath and sore gums. I've noticed over the last few months how much worse her breath smells even though we have taken precautions to prevent it. We've been using this product for several weeks (& not religiously) and I've noticed her breath isn't nearly as offensive as usual. It still isn't pleasant, but I hope if I can *remember* to add this to her kibble daily we'll really notice a 100% improvement. The fact that it has helped even with sporadic use, is very impressive. I'm eager to see what our vet has to say when we go for her yearly checkup next month.
This works well sprinkledover my dogs food to relieve her bad breath.Not sure about the polishing teeth as her teeth already looked white to me. I do think anyone with a pet, who has bad breath should consider trying this product.  Of course always check with your vet to be sure you are doing it safely.
In fact, either they didn't notice it or they actually like the flavor. When we first added it to the dry food bowl, it was business as usual.This product can be used by both dogs and cats.  But we stopped putting it in our little schnauzer's bowl because it gunked up his beard and made it stinky.How else to take care of your cat's teeth? Dental cleanings are getting more and more expensive--and we have three cats. So, we're doing all we can to try to keep tartar at bay. We also use Temptations treats by Wiskas. I think this product is worth it. We'd do almost anything to avoid putting the cats under anesthesia to clean their teeth.I wondered if the powder would cause cat acne, but we've not had any trouble with that.
This little jar is like a dental spice for cats. It looks and feels like a plastic can of spices, and shakes out like spice.I've tried the supplement myself and it does not really have a flavor. My cats don't notice the addition sprinkled onto their food at all. I don't see any downside to adding this to their food, and if it can help preserve the integrity of their teeth, then I am all for it.Time will tell if the supplement works, but in the meantime, my kitties seem to have fresher breath when they nuzzle my face.If this type of supplement really is good for feline teeth and gums, is there any reason it won't be good for people teeth?
I read up on the ingredients so i have reasonable expectations. I think this will be good for the dogs long-term but for now (Ill post a follow up) my dogs LOVE IT. The only issue I have so far is that there is only one serving size. A teaspoon. Well, I have a Bernese Mt Dog (about 80 pounds) and a four pound Yorkie. I doubt they take the same serving so I'm not giving it to my yorkie at all. Giving the same dose to my beagle and my Bernese feels weird. I think they need dosages for big dogs, little dogs etc.
This is to be used between dental cleanings to aid in perio-support. You put a tsp in your pets food. It can be used for cats or dogs. From the label it seems to have lots of probiotics and other natural ingredients. I brush my pet's teeth, but I do have 2 cats that refuse to have anything to do with brushing time, so this is a great alternative. It surely won't hurt.Though, I'm not one to give my pets too many supplements this is a good alternative for those who cannot afford to get their animals teeth cleaned on a regular basis. I have 5 cats, 4 dogs, 100+ dairy cattle and 35 chickens so anything that keeps us from the vet's office as much as possible is great.If your animal is a really picky eater, you might have trouble getting them to eat food with this added. One of my cats who is very picky didn't eat when this was added to his food.
These little "treats" are a lot easier to administer than the slimy brown hairball goo.  And, since my cats eat them as if they are treats, I will choose them over brown goo any day.I started using these "treats" about 2 weeks ago, and, so far, no hairballs from my 2 long-hair hairball barfers.These are definitely worth a try, especially if you do not like to deal with brown goo.
There are a lot of words I can use to describe my cat but if I had to pick two they would be spoiled and picky. She has containers of treats of various flavors and types scattered around the house. Countless packs of treats have been dismissed and refused; she doesn't seem to care that there are starting kitties all over the world that would love to have those treats. So, it doesn't matter how well a hairball remedy does or doesn't work; if I can't get her to eat them they are no good to me either way.That isn't an issue here. Not only did she not mind eating them, she'll knock the bag off the counter begging for them. Hairballs haven't been bad lately, so I'm going the "Two chews a day for general skin and coat health" route.After a week of use, I honestly can't say I notice any difference. Maybe I'm just not that observant. Generally with this type of item, negative effects are noticed much more than positive ones. I have not noticed any negative effects and Kitty seems to like them. For me, that constitutes a success.
My cats are all short-haired cats so I used this on a long-haired shelter cat where I have been volunteering at.  This young adult cat, who was an easy-going female tolerant of barking dogs nearby, did not take too well to these.  I had to crumble these up in her dry food before she'd eat them.  The same was true for her cage mate who came in a week later.I did note less hairball vomit after the end of three weeks on the first cat, and less obsessive licking with the other cat.  I will assume that both cats benefitted from this supplement since they were only fed low-nutrient cat food so prevalent at most animal shelters.While one pack may appear costly, getting these in the six-pack is quite reasonable.  These supplements are a bit on the hard side, but are not obnoxious in smell or touch.
I don't often purchase cat treats since they tend to be the "junk food" of the animal world. These, however, have a much more nutritionally-appealing make-up, with a fair amount of minerals to complement the fiber to aid in hair ball passage.The smell is very mild compared with other cat treats. Each treat is fairly substantial, and is shaped like a fish (as if the cat really cares about the shape!).But the proof is in the cat appeal. Of the three cats I offered it to, one thought it was the most incredible thing he's ever eaten and wanted more, more, MORE! Another thought is was generally OK, but wasn't all that interested in a second helping. And the third nosed it some, but then decided it was more fun to treat it like a hockey puck and shoot it under the fridge rather than actually eat it.Unfortunately, there's no guarantee that a cat will like these. If he/she does, it's a much better treat than the typical supermarket-type treat brands. If not, at least these are large enough that the cat can work on perfecting his or her slapshot.
I have two elderly cats and hairball regurgitation has been an ongoing issue in their senior years. I can't tell if the product is really working as one of them has taken a turn for the worse and is on heavy medication. I also tried a new food which appears to be too rich which in turn has the healthier senior vomiting with no hairballs. However, that said, they love the treats which is a real positive since over the 20 years I've had them very few treats have been good enough for their picky palettes. So I'm giving this four stars just for the fact that they like this and I have a little treat to brighten their senior lives!
Updated Review - It took a few days for the cats to warm up to this product but now they seem to enjoy their new "treat"....not as much as some of the others options via this brand but enough that it's no longer necessary to deal with the gooey messy alternative. I added one star because it wasn't an instant approval on the cat's behalf.We have two cats so thought this sounded like a good product to try out. I really liked the idea of this product especially since one cat is medically needy and has trouble keeping weight on. Many hairball formula can cause loose stool which is an absolute 'no-no' for that cat so this seemed like a great idea. A nice sized 'treat' able to help with hairballs, fortified with vitamins and other supplements without harsh chemicals or other similar based products. Plus, no "goo" like the other products which always seem to get messy and leak out of the tube etc... The price was the same so this seemed like a no-brainer. Except for one problem...the cats don't like the flavor. In fact, even our *much less finicky* dogs don't like the taste...we gave them one just to see if they would eat it. Like the old cereal commercials...they eat everything...except this which they took rather reluctantly at best then promptly spit out. The cats don't want anything to do with it whatsoever.So, bottom line is this product is a great idea and one that I would def has used in the future assuming the cats would eat it. Less messy, more healthy, easier to administer (in theory)...only problem is they hate the taste.
My cats are very happy to eat these slightyl softish little chews. They love their treats, and climb all over me when I take out this package. It seems like the brown mini chunks smell and taste good.My cats don't have a huge problem with hairballs, but the dry Arizona air makes their coats dull. Their paw pads are often dry and sometimes cracked. I know I need my lotion and lip balms daily, living there, and imagine this kind of supplement could provide am internal skin/coat moisturizer for my cats.So far I have been feeding each cat two Hairball supplements daily. Their coats are shinier and feel smoother, after a about a week. I've noticed less shedding, even. Their paws pads are about the same, and I'm thinking about adding some fish oil supplements to their food for that.I'm happy with the idea that I'm adding antioxidants and fiber to my pets' diets. I also appreciate the resealable packaging to help keep the chews fresh. I'm going to keep buying these supplements, since my cats love them, and they do help their coats look and feel more healthy.
I liked the hairball prevention in this formula. My cat had hairball issues before I started giving her these treats, and when giving them to her as recommended for hairball treatment (4 a day) I think they worked really well. She gobbled them right down, and her hairball went away and she didn't seem to have any more hairball problems while taking these treats. I Liked that they were healthier and much easier to give than the slimy petroleum-type of hairball treatment and preventative I normally give her. I wish more would come in the package as if your cat does have a hairball you go through them quicker. I think that I would buy them again.
Offering a kitty a treat is much easier than dealing with a tube of gloppy hairball remedy.The ingredient list for Pet Naturals Hairball passes inspection and they smell like real chicken liver and are moist and soft.  The small amount of fiber is from psyllium, the same source used  in Metamucil, so I know it's safe.Well, one of the boys just gobbled these supplements down and gave them two polydactyl paws up and the other kitty just sniffed and walked away--but that's typical for him and no surprise!
I have 3 long haired cats. This means that there can be a lot of coughed up hairballs in my house at any given time. Yes, I know it is gross. I give all of the cats fish oil pills to help with this and to keep their fur nice and sleek. I just poke the end of a pill with a knife, and then squirt the oil into each of their food bowls once a day. This greatly helps and will also help wit hair loss or skin issues, as well as overall health.Prior to starting this supplement, I stopped the fish oil for a week. By the end of the week, I could hear gagging and such, so I started giving the supplements as directed on the bag. After 4 days of taking them, it did seem like the hairballs weren't as much of an issue, but it hadn't completely stopped.Unfortunately, my daughter left the bag on the dining room table one evening when we went away and the dog ate the entire bag while we were gone. The good news is that he did not get sick at all, even after eating so many (and apparently part of the actual itself!) and the bad news is that his coat seems somewhat greasy ever since lol, but it's nothing a bath won't fix and it actually has a plus side to the greasiness, I think - he has skin issues and goes through periods of scratching like crazy and having dry patches of skin - it seems these treats helped that because he hasn't been scratching and the dry skin is gone.So, in conclusion, between the few days the cats took them and showed some improvement, and the rest that the dog ate and the effect it had on his fur and the fact that it seemed to help his skin, I'd have to say I *think* these work, or would work, if and when used properly. They are obviously safe since the dog didn't get sick after eating so many at once.I am not sure if this review is very helpful, but hopefully in some roundabout way it will be.
There are 45 chews in this packet of Pet Naturals Hairball, although a number of them were crushed at the bottom of the bag.  It's 2 chews per day for a nice coat and 4 chews twice per day as needed for hairballs.  I sort of muddled in between and gave her four treats per day, and used about ten days' worth.  My cat loves the treats.  She comes whenever I take the bag out and call her.  Today is the last day and I have to say, her coat is very pretty and she has not had a single hairball while on it.
All 5 of my cats really liked this supplement. I feed a quality indoor food as they are all indoor cats and occasionally they get hairballs. This supplement seemed to work well during a time when the cats are shedding quite a bit. I also love that these supplements have cranberry, as one of my male cats had occasional urinary crystals until I started giving himVeterinarian's Best Feline Urinary Support Tablets, 60 Countso this will be great to have on hand if I run out of his Urinary Support tabs.The only reason I only gave these 4 stars is that the pack is a bit small in my opinion for the price, though I would purchase these again.
Since my mother has been ill, I have been sharing my space with her cranky calico cat. She was cranky as a kitten but I suspect that she is even more so since she has developed marked stiffness in her back and joints. The vet said its just a normal consequence of aging and offered a prescription painkiller. I am not a fan of pharmaceuticals and this cat is impossible to pill. So I decided to try these. I myself use glucasomine and MSM and have seen amazing results with my dogs over the years.The forty-five chews are contained in a resealable pouch that actually is resealable.They contain glucasomine, MSM,chrondrotin sulfate,DMG, omega-3 fatty acids,  vitamin C, manganese and DMG. Dosage is two chews daily, although it may be doubled during the first six weeks for faster results. The chews are chicken liver flavored and apparently most palatable. The cat actually wolfed them down. She seems to be moving more freely and jumping with ease...usually on my lap since she has decided I am her new best friend.I recommend this product. It is an easy way to provide an aging feline  some natural relief.
My two cats are still fairly young, but they're very active in play as well as jumping up on the counter tops to beg for food. The one cat lands so hard on the floor when he jumps down, I'm worried he's going to have problems with his legs when he gets older. I thought I'd try this product to help prevent any type of joint issues down the line. It didn't take any convincing for my cats to eat these supplements. They ate them quickly and looked at me for more.I do think it would help if these chews were a little softer because many cats (especially older ones) have problems with their teeth and/or gums (or missing teeth) and something softer might be easier for some cats to eat.Other than that, the taste obviously appeals to cats and I like giving them something they enjoy and that can improve their health at the same time.
My cat (around 17 years old) easily ate this small, fish-shaped morsel of tastiness.  I was surprised because she is very finicky about her food and rarely will eat a treat.  I placed it on the carpet in front of her and she took her time sniffing it and suddenly it was gone!I feel sort of good about giving her these treats.  I love her very much and want her to remain as healthy as possible for as long as possible and if these treats really do as they say by helping hips and joints stay healthy then I'm all for giving them to her.  She so far has not really shown any sign of having hip and joint problems but hopefully by giving her these treats once every day she will remain in good health even longer.I had a geriatric cat years ago who did come down with joint problems and I wish I had these for her way back then.  And for 45 treats/bag the price seems reasonable.
I have a cat with arthritis, I give this to him to help maintain the health of his joints. Between this and Nutramax Dasuquin for Cats Capsules, I have noticed my cat jumping a bit more than he was. It is easy to give to cats. The cat with arthritis is a bit picky and he does sometimes turn his nose up at it, but my other cat eats it every time I offer it to him. So it is partly up your cat to weather or not they take it.
I give these to my dog in the evening sometimes -- a lot of the time, he's still excited to see me after waiting at home all day while I'm at work, and will nervously scratch and pace around for hours past bedtime.I feel like these may have a positive effect, but haven't done any serious study. Really, I just feed them to him as a treat.
We have an approx 60-lb beagle mix who is very loving and calm...until people come over to our house, and then she is just so excited and wants to sit in their lap (which um...no). (And these are people she doe see fairly often, so it's not like she's not socialized or something). We also have a 1-year-old, so all that bouncing around right now is not ideal.When we recently had people over for said 1-year-old's birthday party, I have Lucy (the dog) one of these treats. She is under the rec weight for them, but since it said the dosage could safely be upped on the package, I figured it was OK. I gave her one a couple hours before guests arrived, and ended up giving her 2 more (spread out) as the night went on. She still was not the calmest dog ever or anything, but she was definitely more calm than usual and listened better. I will definitely continue to use these and keep them on hand.Note: I somehow expected this to be a big ol' dog bone, but they're actually very small treats. The dog liked them taste-wise (which isn't saying much, but).I used the cat treat version of these for our cats when we first got the dog, and they worked pretty well for them, too.
My cairn terrier, Chia, lived to a ripe old age and was on Prozac for the final three.  Zhaba, an adult shih tzu, has times of insecurity and shakiness, but fortunately the episodes have become less frequent in the four months she's been with us.  I do wish I'd known aboutPet Naturals of Vermont Calming XL Bone-Shaped Chewswhen we drove to Florida in January because I think they would have made that trip much more comfortable.  Because she's a small dog, I cut these in small pieces and find that she becomes more relaxed at times that she'd otherwise be ill at ease.  Now granted, I can't see her while I'm gone, but judging from how she greets me upon my return after a lengthy time away, I think it works for her.  She has shown no sensitivity to the ingredients, so that's a plus, and since she's not receiving any other treats right now, I find that a little bit of the calming chew is acceptable when indicated.  I have not noticed that she sleeps any more after eating one of these pieces, she just seems a little relaxed.After doing some research, I've learned that Pet Naturals of Vermont is a part of FoodScience Corporation.  I've also learned that the company is, "Going Green."  I discovered that Dr. Roger Kendall (Biochemist) is Pet Naturals Vice President of Research and Development, and Dale Metz is Pet Naturals CEO.  They are also founding members of the National Animal Supplement Council (NASC).  What I did not learn is where Pet Naturals of Vermont products are manufactured, and for that, I've deducted a star in this review.
My dog really like these.  They seem to taste good to him.  My cats always want to get one too, so they must smell good to the animals as well- I mean, the smell drives the cats insane.  I have to give them cat treats so they'll leave the dog alone while he eats them.They aren't very big, even for XL - they are more like the size of a really big cat treat than most dog treats.  This is a good brand that puts good ingredients in their products, but I can't tell that this worked. I couldn't tell much difference in my dogs behavior or noise level.  The UPS man truck went by and he still tried to break down the door to get at it.They do taste good though, and he tolerates them well.  I tried giving him 2 since he is a big dog, but I still couldn't tell any difference. He normally just sleeps a lot though, he's just got nervous habits when he's awake.
Although the box says for Medium/Large sized dogs, the treats are very small. Very small. I got them for my 17-pound Dachshund as he needs double the dosage to calm his anxiety about storms and the treat is just the right size for him. But a bigger animal? No way. Also only 21 treats come in a box. You'd think they'd at least give you a month's supply. Now the treat seems to help with his anxiety which is why I did not rate it lower, but I do have some reservations about this product. I'm not sure I would buy again for the reasons I stated.
****INGREDIENTSOne ingredient in Pet Naturals of Vermont Calming XL Bone-Shaped Chews that is supposed to induce a calming effect is L-theanine, which is most commonly found in green tea.  There is weak evidence that this substance can induce calmness if consumed in high enough doses.  Another ingredient in this product that is supposed to induce a calming effect is called "colostrum calming complex," the effectiveness of which as a calming agent I wasn't able to confirm or refute after five or ten minutes of research online.  Colostrum is the liquid expressed by mammalian mother's breasts shortly after birth, before regular milk is available, and it's just chock full of goodies such as antibodies that are useful to the suckling's post-partum health.****EFFECTIVENESSTo really give this product a fair test, considering the recommended dosage is one chew per day, and considering I weigh a lot more than PheyeG'hdeaux, I decided to consume a dozen of these "chews" altogether in the course of an hour.  After several hours, I felt no calmer, or less, than before.****TASTEAlthough my own particular dog thinks these are just the bee's knees, he doesn't turn up his nose at a nibblet or two of cat poop from time to time, so we have the right to suspect his palate isn't all that discerning.As for me, I think these little tidbits taste purely awful, even with milk and sugar on them.  Deep-fat frying them at 375 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 to 45 seconds changes the texture agreeably, but even with cinnamon sprinkled on top the taste is still unspeakably execrable.  These objects not only don't add much as a topping to cream soups, they positively subtract (well, OK, OK, I tested only tomato and mushroom, so I suppose I can't say for absolutely 100% sure they wouldn't enhance, say, cream of celery, but I doubt it).****PRICE VERSUS QUANTITYAt today's Amazon price of $17.27 for 50 chews, that's 34.54 cents apiece.  The 50 chews weigh 8.82 ounces, which is 0.1764 ounces per chew, and each ounce costs $1.958.  Each one is vaguely bone shaped (which is kind of insulting, or cute, depending on which way you look at it) and measures approximately 1 inch by 1/2 inch by 3/8 inch, which is a total volume of 0.1875 cubic inches, which means 50 of them occupy 9.375 cubic inches.-- 9.375 cubic inches would be a CYLINDER 1 inch tall and 3.46 inches across, which is 0.46 inches wider than your standard-issue NHL hockey puck, in case you as an Amazon reviewer want to compare the product under review to competing products using this criterion.-- 9.375 cubic inches would be a SPHERE of radius 1.3 inches, which is just a teeny bit larger than a pool ball, which is too large for a typical dog to swallow in one bite anyway, so this paragraph was a waste of my time and, worse, yours.  Sorry.-- 9.375 cubic inches would be a CUBE of just over 2.1 inches on a side, which if it were gold would be worth [math deleted here by Amazon due to boring/stupid . . . ] $345,600.At the recommended dose of one chew per day, that's 34.54 cents times 365.25 days, or $126.16 a year.  The bag says it's safe to raise the dosage to three per day, which I guess would imply a unusually stressed dog, which would be over $378 a year, or, said another way, three times as much revenue to the manufacturer.  If said manufacturer ever supplies empirical data showing this product calms a dog, I will raise my rating from 4 to 5.  I think it's almost impossible for any pet owner to reliably assess whether this product works, because of so many reasons such as bias and non-double-blindedness.  For the high price relative to the degree of certainty the product really works, I subtract 1 star.****TIPMany times many humans have the opportunity to offer a treat -- a tasty, bite-sized object -- to a pet, a treat such as one chew of the product under review.  This chew and many of those other objects can be broken easily in half, and all of them that can be should be.Said another way, never feed a pet a treat whole if it can be halved and offered in two episodes.The reason is simple.  By turning one treat object into two, you double whatever benefits are derived from offering just one.  If you take pleasure from observing and imagining your pet's pleased reaction, this tip doubles your pleasure at no cost.  If you're using the offering of treats as opportunities to reward your pet for good behavior, this tip doubles your opportunities at no cost.And if your pet derives pleasure from getting the treat -- remember, he has no notion of the VOLUME of the treat to expect, whether it's a cylinder or a sphere or a cube -- this tip doubles that pleasure at no cost.A double win at no cost makes sense to me.If this tip about pets makes sense to you too, you might want to know about why to feed pets new to your house ad lib ab initio, in which case you should go to my June 7, 2012, review ofPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound.  Some of my other reviews for Amazon are full of this sort of invaluably and indispensably useful information, but, like this one, you have to go hunting for it.  Or not.****These chews are harmless at worst, they can be used as treats, and maybe they do calm dogs.
I literally take the same ingredients in pill form as these dog treats.  The &#34;treats&#34; are very tiny, and for a 75 pound dog, they recommend  you giving them 4-6 bones a day.  When I give these to my dog he just swallows them.  They sort of have a BBQ smell.  I can't say there are any instant results, but the ingredients are recommended by doctors for stiff joints.  They are a bit expensive but if your dog does not like pills, this is a great alternative.
Our oldest dog, Syd, is starting to have some trouble chasing after the puppies.  He's just this much || faster than them still but he doesn't have his same exuberance.  I've seen how powerfully the glucosamine and chondroitin can be in helping our larger dogs (newfoundlands) so I wanted to try these before he started having trouble.Anyway, he loves the flavor of these and he loves getting something special the puppies don't have.  The smell is very nice and they are definitely soft chews.Syd is right at the in-between mark of medium to large dogs so I have been giving him 4 of these a day.  This is a pack of 45 so that is an 11-day supply.  At this rate, he would need about 3 packs a month, which makes this an expensive proposition compared to the glucosamine-chondroitin that can be bought in bulk.It does concern me that the package says that the safety of these in pregnant or breeding dogs has not been established.  It has a whole host of animals with problems who should not take this.  The problem with that is that I don't know if my dog is allergic to shellfish.  WHo would know that?  All of the rest seem knowable - like diabetic dogs, or dogs being treated with anticoagulants, or even dogs with urinary tract problems.  Sometimes it's hard to know how much of this is about truly genuine problems and how many are caused by lawyers.
My dog is a breed that is notorious for hip/joint problems, and as she's getting older she does seem to have more stiffness/difficulty with her joints.  If you take these for what it is, a supplement, and not a miracle therapy treatment, they're a good product.  My dog thoroughly enjoys them, and she does seem to have an overall more comfortable time in her daily activities.The only thing we're not crazy about is the price.  They're definitely a bit on the higher priced side, given that depending on the size of your dog, you may only be getting enough for two weeks worth of supplements.
We have a German Shepherd mix that broke his hip as a pup, and had a full hip replacement when he was less than six months old.  After his surgery, his surgical hip was half the size as his other hip and he walked with a limp.  My husband worked with this dog, using weights attached to his surgically replaced hip, and exercised him on a daily basis.  Along with a healthy diet, our dog became like new.  You cannot tell he ever had a hip replacement, and at 1.5 years old, he runs like the wind.We also give our dog treats daily as reward for good behavior.  Considering this product is a dog treat, and is full of Glucosamine supplements, which are recommended for persons with joint pain, I can't see any reason why we can't give these to our dog in place of his regular dog treats.  He isn't as crazy about them as some other treats he gets, and perhaps it's because they smell kind of salty.  Kind of like bullion.  He does eat them, just not as eagerly as he does other treats.
With 3 dogs aged 12, 11 & 8, this is to much for us to spend as a 1 income family with a new baby. We give them all Glucosamine & fish oil as recommended by our vet. I really do like this brand and have bought it many times before when there was only 2 dogs and no baby. I thought when I got it that it was just treats but it states on the bag it's meant as a supplement. Our dogs did love this, but 2 out of 3 will eat big glucosamine pills, so the only reliable one would be my dog Kendrell :) and she loved it.
My Cat Loved it so I did give it 4 stars for quality and taste.My one problem with it, and the reason I didn't give it 5 stars, is that Petite Cuisine is made in Thailand. I didn't notice the label when I got this at first.I'm going on a green kick lately and it seems to be a shame thatyou can make this product in another country, ship it here and the company can save money with all that overhead. I wish it was made in the U.S.A.Part of going green is buying locally.
When you first open the can, it looks like something you would eat.  And no catfood smell! Nice sized chunks of chicken and vegetables in a lot of gravy.That being said, Ms Casiopia lapped up all the gravy and left the rest.  This however is not the product's fault as she has done this before with other catfoodsI would have given it 5 stars, but since I won't be purchasing it, I gave it 4.  If your cat will eat chunks and vegetables, this product is for you.I have donated the remainder of the package to a less fortunate friend.Thank you.
The quality of this cat food is excellent, with fish broth and the named fish (tuna, red snapper, sole, shrimp, or yellowfin) listed as the first (i.e., primary) ingredients.  It is 100% nutritionally complete, with no grain fillers.  When you pop the top on the single-serve can, it looks and smells like exactly what it is -- fish and shrimp.  Obviously, the fish smells like fish, but it's a natural, clean fish smell, not a nasty cat-food odor.  I swear, the steamed tuna and shrimp, with its whole shrimp, looked good enough to set out with crackers for a human appetizer!Although I would feed this food to my cats without hesitation, I felt I had to downgrade it one star because of the cats' opinions.  I fed this to three family cats, and being cats, each had its own opinion, but none endorsed it 100%.  One cat loved the steamed tuna and shrimp, one wouldn't go near it.  One gobbled up the yellowfin tuna, two picked at and left most of it.  My son's cat is notoriously fussy about canned food, and ate only one of these entrees with enthusiasm; my two cats are notoriously unfussy, but ate only two wholeheartedly (however, they usually prefer poultry flavors to fish).Petite Cuisine comes in handy single-serving cans and, as I mentioned, contains excellent ingredients with no foul odor or appearance.  If your cat generally likes fish flavors and you are looking for a high quality, healthy cat food, I would certainly recommend trying Petite Cuisine.
I tried these out with my cat in the hopes of finding something she would like!  She tends to not like canned food very much.  I was truly surprised when she showed immediate interest in the snapper variety and then actually ate the whole can.  She was not very fond of the yellowfin--she nibbled a bit and then wanted dry food.  I am thrilled to finally have found something she likes.  She will eat thr tuna, but not with the enthusiasm she has for the snapper. I also like the smaller portion size--no more covering cans and keeping them in the fridge--only to have to warm them up for the next meal.  Definitely try these out.
I have 3 cats.  2 are inside and 1 is outside.  They all loved this food, especially my outdoors cat.  Unfortunately, my dog liked it even more, and it became a bit of a problem keeping him away while they were eating, and it normally is not a problem.  He is a very picky dog who loves fish, so I could tell by his reaction that the seafood taste was definitely good.As soon as I opened the can, I could see that this food includes real flake tuna - it is not very much different in appearance than Starkist tuna in the can for people.  It does not have that terrible smell that some wet catfoods do, (Like the Meow Mix Wholesome Goodness).  That is nice, because with some catfoods if you open the can and some flys on you, you have to go shower or smell like a fishmarket.  This food is not stinky like that.  It has a good enough smell to excite the cats, but the human noses here did not smell it in our trash or from across the room.I watched my cats closely, and my dog as well, since he got 'into it' and it treated their digestive systems well. Sometimes new food will make them sick, but this food did not in the least.I am only giving this a 4 star because my cats did not finish the red snapper flavor either time I put it down for them.  They ate maybe 1/2 of it.  I don't think they liked that particular flavor as well as the others.  They ALL liked the yellowfin tuna the best.
Unlike other fish catfood, this product does not have that strong fishy smell.  Nice flaky chunks of fish in some nice gravy.However Ms Cassiopia lapped up the gravy and left the fish.  This has happened with other food so it is no reflection on the product.I would have given it 5 stars but since I won't be buying it, I gave it 4.  If your cat will eat food other than pate, you will want to give this a try.  Looks almost like something you would eat.I have given the remainder of the package to a less fortunate friend.Her cat will probably eat it and expect it all the time.Thank you!MEF
I can't certify that these are a miracle solution for your dog (do your research to decide if you need or want this supplement), but I can talk about our pups.We have 3 chihuahuas living in our home, two are longhair, one is shorthair. Obviously, Mr. Macho (the shorthair) really doesn't care if he has a bad hair day. His hair is so short no-one would notice. But the two prissy princesses want to look their doggy best.But you can't be your doggy best if you don't eat the product, so this was giving the ultimate in testing - picky chihuahua testing.I gave all three one (they are so small, I can only give them one a week), and watched. Mr. Macho will eat anything, he grabbed his and ran. Our newest prissy princess, the rescue pup, weighing in at only 5 pounds, was enthusiastic as well, although they were a bit big for her to manage. Miss Picky Pretty Princess, on the other hand carried hers out in the living room and dropped it. It was only when she saw the other two enthusiastically devouring theirs that she decided they were OK to eat and ate hers.So I am giving this a full 2 1/2 paws up - two enthusiastic and one kind of OK with it.
As with most supplements it is very difficult to judge whether or not they actually about bring positive change. I am not a scientist and have no way to test one way or another. I don't think I have noticed a difference in my Dog's coat but sometimes you have to trust that most companies that would market a product like this would have some sort of proof that the ingredients are effective. But I would check out the ingredient list and do some research prior to purchasing them and make the call for yourself.I can say that my Chihuahua's like these small duck flavored chews. They weren't doing backflips because they were so excited but they like them. I did notice that they are somewhat hard so if your dog has any type of problem with their teeth then they may not want to chew on them. Also keep in mind that these are supplements and not treats so you need to follow the directions about how much to feed your dog.
dogs really like these as treats. To feed enough to see benefits of a nicer coat does not seem cost effective. My dogs already have nice coats so use these as a tasty treat only...They smell odd, maybe its the duck.
These treats were super tasty according to my dog. I liked that they were sugar free and lots of the omegas in them. My dog has sensitive skin, and normally I have to limit the kind of treats he gets. These treats were GREAT and didn't upset his skin and I think have helped his coat be a little extra soft. It's hard to tell how much it's helped/improved his coat. He has a thick short coat, and I think one would be able to tell more of a difference if you had a dog with a longer coat you could tell more. I am pretty sure that I will buy them again.
I actually thought these treats were going to be the chewy type, but they are the hard crunch ones.  No matter, just an observation.What I found interesting is they are duck flavored.  I doubt my three really considered this while scarfing them down.Hard to tell at this point if there is any change in their skin or coat.  I suspect maybe over time as I won't be giving them an entire bag at a time.  However, they appear more nutritional that the average pet treat so for the time being I feel good about feeding these.By the way.... I have a 120lb lab, a doberdor, and a labrahound, all large dogs so I need to give more than one at a time so the 45 treats contained in the bag will not last a really long time.Thank you.MEF
My dogs don't have dandruff or allergies etc. I have not seen any change with shedding at all on my Bernese Mt Dog or my Beagle. The yorkie, however, does seem to have softer fur. The loss of one star is just because feeding dogs eggs will have the same affect for a much, much lower price. As to taste, my dogs all love them. Big time!
One of my dogs has been suffering from lackluster coat and dandruff (which makes her itch like crazy). Her diet is the same as the other dogs (Taste of the Wild), so I have struggled to find something to treat the dandruff (shampoos are a quick fix, but I don't want to bathe her every other day, which can also dry her skin out). These supplements have actually made a difference. I was skeptical at first, but she seems to be scratching a lot less than she was before the supplements. Perhaps it is all in my mind, but her dandruff seems to have lessened due to more nutrients going to her skin and coat. She also loves to eat the supplements. They look and smell like little chewy bones, so she thinks she is getting a treat. One of my dogs (the picky one) won't go near them, though.My biggest concern is that these say one supplement for every 25 lbs of dog per day. My dogs are 10-15 lbs. so I have to cut them in half (I am very wary of overdosing on supplements. I would appreciate graded sizes for different breeds of dogs (small, medium, large) so that I didn't have to cut them in half, but that is just one small concern- not anything too serious. Otherwise, I hope it keeps working because her itchiness is driving us both crazy!
This product is advertised as for "all sizes" of dog, but the chews are really a little small for our large (80 lb.) dog. However, the "chewy" nature makes treat last at least a little longer.Positives:* The dog enjoys the treat.* The treat lasts at least a little while.* While it's hard to really measure skin and coat benefits, we think there has been at least some improvement such as less shedding and perhaps a little more sheen. I don't want to go out too far on this limb, but results so far are encouraging.* The packaging is nice; it's functional without being wasteful.Negatives:* The treats are small for larger dogs.* They smell terrible! The dog doesn't mind but the people in the house--- us--- sure do.Overall this is a good product if you don't mind the smell.
These are very small doggie treats.  Two out of my three dogs love them and gobble them right up.  My chihuahua doesn't like them, but she is very fussy with everything.  It's great that it will help to control shedding, much needed for my pug. The directions say to only give one per day per 25 pounds.
This Rachael Ray "Nutrish" Dry Dog Food was liked well enough by Pumpkin, but didn't seem to be anything special. The dog food smelled OK and didn't cause gas or other digestive problems and has roughly the same calorie count as the food we normally give her.I really have no idea if Rachael Ray knows anything about dog nutrition and the cutesie name is a bit of a turn off for me. It is significantly more expensive than the Purina Dog Chow we normally feed her so will not likely be switching to this brand.CFH
I got the six pound bag and let my dogs try it.  Lets just say the 6 lbs lasted for 2 days before it was gone.  I have a large dog - 50 lbs, and two small dogs - 10 lbs.  All of them liked this stuff and ate it quickly.  So from their perspective it was great.  They are dogs, they will eat anything.  Regardless, it was a pretty decent deal, a decent price and a coupon for a dollar off future purchases.  Not bad at all.
As with many pet owners (or devoted slave to their whims), I tend to spoil my dog a bit. She often will refuse dry kibble in the hopes of getting something "better" be it canned dog food or a home cooked meal.I do have some reservations about the main ingredients in this brand as they include a lot of grains, but my wolfhound really seemed to enjoy this kibble and since I do feed her a balanced 'raw' diet at least once a day, I suppose the list of ingredients isn't going to be detrimental to her health. I'm just happy to find a dry food that she likes!
Rachael's penchant for nutrition now extends to our puppies!Upon inspection, the family poochies eat this dry dog food right up!Don't just take my word for it!  Get some for yourself and let your doggies try it!I rate this product...Four stars! (Beef and Chicken are good selections for your pets)
My Dobie, Max, was all excited even before I took the bag out of the shipping carton. I gave him a handful just as a treat and he quickly gobbled it up. He does not like just plain dry food so I usually add a little something as an inducement and this Nutrish will do the job well. I usually give one cup of regular dry food and a half cup or so of goodie, in this case the Nutrish. He won't get this every day because I like to give him some variety so I have other brands on his schedule as well.I read all the reviews and it seems like some folks are wary of the quality of this food. First of all, this is made in the USA. My previous Dobie died from eating pet food that originated in China. I have noticed lately that the some pet food makers now state that their food is "Distributed" in the USA but it does not say "Made" in the USA. This is their way of hiding that it originated in China. They should not be allowed to use this disguise. But, there are always going to be sleazeballs. If the food does not clearly state that it is made in the USA I do not buy it. Anyway, back to Nutrish which is made right here in the good old USA and contains beef and rice which Max loves. Besides, with this food I don't have any fears that this Nutrish will kill Max. If every single ingredient is not the epitome of nutritional wonderment that does not bother me. Max loves this food, the price is reasonable, I don't see any life threatening ingredient and it is now a part of his menu.
We have three dogs, and two of the three are very picky.  The third...well, she'll eat anything.  After having a number of issues with commercial dog food, we had switched to home-cooked dog food.  It's great, but...there are days when schedules get hectic, and who wants whining dogs demanding food to be cooked when you are dead on your feet already?  Travel also becomes difficult.  So, we needed an easy-to-store food to use occasionally that would work for rushed days at home, camping, or overnight trips to visit family.Our picky eaters also have touchy stomachs, and nobody wants diarrhea and vomiting to deal with.  These foods were not only regarded as desirable by all three dogs (chihuahua, feist & American dingo) but none of them had adverse effects from it.  It does contain a few ingredients that we would never use at home, but this also doesn't require refrigeration.  It works for us, they are happy, and nobody gets sick.  What more could we ask for, especially since it's the canine version of an MRE for us?  It also says something that dogs that are used to receiving meals that consist of cooked brown rice & vegetables mixed with raw meat will regard ANY kibble as "delicious".
I was very excited about getting a Rachel Ray dog food for my pooch.  This is the first one I had him try of the several and it was another hit.  The ingredients were fresh and healthy and as long as he likes it I will purchase again.Paws up!
seems to be decent food based on ingredients, dogs like the taste, time will tell how well they do on it but so far so good.
I feed my shelites Taste of the Wild, a very high protien, no carb food, its also not inexpensive. this had compareable protien content, minimal by products, mininal dye and smelled fine. The dogs eat everything of course. My only concern is why is a tv person making dogfood? The profit margin on dog food is very high. I guess if you cannot feed Wild, or solid Gold, this is a good price range dog food.
This is a nice dog food- Rated 2.5 on most popular dog food rating sites its not the highest, but not the lowest. My dogs gobbled it down, and my chihuahua likes it much more than my senior greyhound. I like the Nutrish line, its nice for the price point- My little Nugget likes it too ! ;)
I expected this product by Rachel Ray, a food expert to have better ingredients.  Lot's of fillers, grain products that can cause allergies for some dogs.  Meat is the first ingredient though, and the protein content is higher than many of the supermarket brands.  It does have a fresh smell and both dogs ate it eagerly with no stomach issues, which they have experienced with other foods in the past. If you can't afford to buy a premium dog food for your pet, I feel this is a reasonable alternative.
Rachael Ray's line is carried by most grocery stores and online making it easy to purchase at your weekly food trips. Its a good balance of nutritional value and the price I would rate is in the middle. I've seen cheaper food (but less nutritional) and more expensive food (more nutritional) as well. So its a good happy medium. There is no artificial flavors or artificial preservatives and no beef by product fillers, meaning real beef is the main ingredient. As far as how it tastes.. well we have 5 dogs... and they all enjoyed eating the food, they had no issues with it.
****I have conducted extensive research on Rachael Ray and have arrived at the following conclusions: (1) She has received no non-honorary degrees from any colleges or universities domestically or internationally that would suggest she's an expert in formulating dog food.  (2) She has never been employed in an AAFCO-approved laboratory capacity at a major dog-food concern.  (3) She's cute.  For this I neither add nor subtract any stars.It's reasonable to conclude that her name on the package of the product under review, Rachael Ray Nutrish Dry Dog Food, Beef & Rice Recipe, 6-Pound Bag, implies not the application of her expertise in formulating this and the other types of dog food in the Rachael Ray line but rather her willingness to lend the considerable selling power of her name and face in exchange for money.  (I want a job like that.)So, since we cannot rely on Ms. Ray's own personal expertise in formulating dog foods, how can we decide whether this particular product, which presumably WAS formulated by experts, is a good one both for the dog and for the price?****The list of ingredients and their ranking by prevalence is a good start.  If, for example, the first three ingredients are cow dung, hay and sand, you can be pretty sure the rest of the ingredients, no matter how healthful they are, are not going to make up for those first three.  The first three ingredients in the product under review, in order, are said to be beef, chicken meal and ground rice, some of which sound edible to me.  Also included are tomatoes, olive oil and parsley, which sound like a good start on a spaghetti sauce.  Also included are such mysteries as pyridoxine hydrochloride, cobalt sulfate and sodium selenite, but, unlike as with, say, sand, I'm pretty sure the manufacturer wouldn't go to the trouble and expense of adding them for no reason.****Another factor is whether dogs will eat it.  To test this I offered my dog, PheyeG'hdeaux, whose seventh birthday is today, an unbiased choice between an ounce of his regular dog food, Eukanuba, and an ounce of the product under review.  He ran up to the two bowls on the floor, thinking at least one of them had a true treat such as melted ice cream or taco detritus in it, and he sniffed the Eukanuba bowl first, then the Rachael Ray bowl, then he ate the Rachael Ray, then the Eukanuba.  This doesn't prove much, because if his regular food for years had been Rachael Ray and I offered him Eukanuba he might have eaten the Eukanuba first just because he was tired of the Rachael Ray and wanted to experience new tastes and smells.  For this I neither add nor subtract any stars.****The price on Amazon as of this writing is $10.98 for six pounds, which works out to $1.83 per pound.  The price of the Eukanuba I buy from a store averages about $1.20 per pound, which makes the Rachael Ray about 50% costlier.  That's a considerable difference.  If you feed your dog(s) a mere 100 pounds a year, the Rachael Ray costs $63 more annually [($1.83 - $1.20) * 100 = $63], or $5.25 more per month.  Of course, all of the foregoing assumes Eukanuba is at least as healthful for and appealing to your dog as the product under review, which I assume it is because it's the brand my dog's vet and this other expert on dog foods recommend.  For this I subtract one star from five.****Wanting to go beyond what's expected, for the entertainment of the handful of people who will read this review all the way down to here, I now report on things this product, which I remind you is dog food, can and cannot substitute for.-- Can substitute for giraffe food in a pinch.-- Cannot substitute for panda or koala food, even in a pinch.-- Can substitute for weight in your trunk to get more traction for a rear-wheel drive car in the snow, but you'll need a lot more than one 6-pound bag.-- Cannot substitute for sand when mixing concrete according to the standard dry recipe of 1 part cement (a powder), 2 parts sand, and 3 parts gravel.-- Can substitute, however inconveniently, for a door stop.-- Cannot substitute for six pounds of gold, at least not in sheer value.  As of today's writing gold is worth $1,590.80 per ounce, which makes six pounds worth 6 times 16 ounces times $1,590.80, which is $152,716.80, which is a LOT more than $10.98.Five stars minus 1 for the price is four.****
I checked out the ingredients and the seem fairly decent and healthy. I have three dogs in my house hold and they all seem to enjoy it, but I think it does depend on your dog's taste as well. Ultimately it is them that have to eat it. But between the ingredients and my dogs reaction, it seems to be decent and worth at least trying.
Pros:  My dog seems to like this, he always cleans his bowl. It seems he needs to eat less of this than of his normal food. The first two ingredients are meat ingredients. This is a smaller kibbled dog food, so many dogs who prefer a small kibble (like my Pooper) will eat this. This dog food also has a fairly high protein content at 26%.Cons: From what I've read about a few of the fillers in this dog food (beet pulp, ground rice, etc) are questionable fillers. Though, most readily available dog foods use many of the questionable fillers in this one as well. Also, the soybean meal boosts the protein content of this food and many dogs are allergic to it.Overall, I would purchase this again, if I couldn't find my dog's usual food, since he eats it well. Though, I'm not going to be making it my dogs everyday food.
My three dogs, a chihuahua, pug and yorkie all like this dog food.  I like that it has real beef and wholesome grains and vegetables.  My finicky chihuahua loves rice the best so she's thrilled with this food.  The other dogs will eat everything.  Especially the pug.  The size is good, not too large, just right for small dogs.
We've always given  shih tzu Piper the good stuff, the premium dog food, the high priced spread. She's now ten and still in good health, though moving a little slower. Her usual foods seem to cost more and more each month, so to save some money we'll occasionally put Rachael in the mix in a ratio of two premiums to one Rachael. Both of our dogs like Rachael's kibble. I know because they've occasionally had Nutrish straight out of the bag.So how is the Nutrish? It depends on what it's being compared to. At our supermarket it seems to be the best of the bunch. The other foods are mostly grain, the first ingredient not meat. The first ingredient in Nutrish is beef with chicken meal following second. Following those two is a long list of grains, fillers, and a few token vegetables. I'm not crazy about the corn meal and corn gluten meal high on the list, but the girls haven't complained yet.No, Nutrish doesn't measure up to the so called premium dog foods, but when it's only a third or so of their diet, I don't think that matters a whole lot.Rachael Ray's Nutrish does meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO, so the girls at least get their daily required levels of vitamins, protein, and fiber.Nutrish is a decent dog kibble, though certainly not in the top tier. When one is occasionally limited to the brands on the supermarket shelves, Nutrish is usually the best choice there.
When this parcel arrived I put it down for a few minutes and I found my dog going crazy sniffing it.  I forgot I was getting dog food.I opened it and found a very nice fairly large bag of dog food that Amazon sent me to review and rate.As I opened it my boy just sat there waiting.  I do not give my boy dog dry food on a regular basis, he gets raw meat but, I do give him treat that are good for him.My vet told me not to give him fancy treats that have too many calories and use regular kibble type food as treats.When I opened to bag I gave him one piece, he looked at me as if to say, "excuse me? I am just getting one piece?" Well I gave him a small handful in his bowl and he practically inhaled it.That was enough for me.  This is a hit, I checked out the ingredients and they appear to be of the better quality than most and to use them a treat only a little at a time it is good.The bag was extremely fresh and smelled like a typical healthy dog food.
Since we adopted a dog rescued from a puppy mill (four years old) who was severely malnourished and underweight (plus having giardia and tapeworms), we have become much more sensitive to the ingredients in the food we give our dogs. I am pleased to say she is up to six pounds, and has a nickname of "little terror" since she likes to stalk the cats.While this may not be a perfect mix (some dogs have problems with corn meal), the corn meal offers good fiber for small dogs. If you suspect your dog is sensitive, don't give them this. However, if you have a small dog who needs her (or his) anal glands expressed, make sure there is enough fiber in their diet. This particular dry dog food, with Chicken as the main ingredient, is a well balanced food.A good mix.
My dogs love this food however with the ingredients being the same as cheap brands and the price tag reflecting RR's name being on it, it is not a product I would ever purchase. You can get better food for your dogs at a more reasonable price without a "celebrity".
I was curious as to if my dogs would like this stuff.  Realistically they are junkyard dogs and will eat anything for the most part.  The took this stuff and scarfed it down pretty quick.  I was amazed.  The pieces are smaller so they are able to be eaten by big dogs and little dogs.  My dogs are small, medium and large and all three ate the food.  They seemed to like it and that is good enough for me.  They are dogs, as long as they eat they are happy.  I am not to worried about the ingredients as dogs have been eating dog food and scraps forever.  It is however on the expensive side.  That is why I lowered my rating.  I am used to getting a lot more for what it costs.  Other then that, my dogs liked it.  Ate it and wanted more.
Rachel's penchant for nutrition now extends to our puppies!Upon inspection, the family poochies eat this dry dog food right up!Don't just take my word for it!  Get some for yourself and let your doggies try it!I rate this product...Four stars!
I have tried most of Rachael Rays different flavored dog food (I mean my dog has tried! LOL) and he has not shrugged his nose at any of them which is a good sign!  Lol  With her name on the label the public expects a certain quality of product that she produces and so far so good.Good product!
my dogs really like this stuff. not sure how great it is as a dog food but ingredient list is decent.I use it as a supplement and not as a regular diet.
I have 3 dogs in my house hold. My youngest 14 month old, had no problems eating it, the two pampered prisses didn't know what to make of it, but did eat it, so in the end it is up to weather or not your dog likes it. Like people, they have their own choice, but as a food, it seems to be a decent food.
Our dog, a fairly large mixed breed, usually gets five cups a day of generic supermarket feed, and likes it well enough even if he hardly considers it a treat. So we tried the Rachael Ray product as a sort of "step up" to see what he would do. Perhaps it's because of the chicken content (it's hard to go wrong offering meat to a dog) he was quite enthusiastic about this food and when the bag was gone and it was back to normal, his disappointment was obvious.Even in a week or so, we also saw improvements in his coat, which we attribute to the change in diet to this product.So, a five-star rating would be in order for a product that gives our dog a special meal as well as improved health. The downside? This is pretty expensive stuff, not something we can feed our dog all the time, so one star off for the high price.
There are really only two things I hope for when it comes to dog food: my dogs will eat it and it is healthy for them.  The former is not too hard because they usually eat anything I put in front of them (one will unfortunately eat a few things that I do not), finding something healthy is a bit trickier.  Unlike human food where is is pretty easy to delineate the healthy and unhealthy, dog food can be a bit trickier and sometime have to trust the packaging (I bought one product that had vegetables on the  packaging that ended up having none listed in the ingredients).  I do like that in big bold letters that it comes "with real chicken and veggies" and claims to have no chicken by-products, no alternative flavors or preservatives.  Though chicken is lists first on the ingredients lists hard to pronounced names on the lengthy list.  But that seems to be par for the course for dog food, even the "healthier" options.
We've always fed our dogs the good stuff, the premium dog food, the high priced spread. Now Piper the shih tzu is ten and still in good health, though moving a little slower. Her usual foods seem to cost more and more each month, so to save some money we'll occasionally put Rachael in the mix in a ratio of two premiums to one Rachael. Both of our dogs like Rachael's kibble. I know because they've occasionally had Nutrish straight out of the bag.So how is the Nutrish? It depends to what it's being compared. At our local grocery, Nutrish seems to be the best of the bunch. The other foods are mostly grain, the first ingredient not meat. The first ingredient in this Nutrish formula is chicken with chicken meal following second, and ground rice third.  Following those two is a long list of grains, fillers, and a few token vegetables. I'm not crazy about the corn meal and corn gluten meal high on the list, but the girls haven't complained yet.No, Nutrish doesn't measure up to the so called premium dog foods, but when it's only a third or so of their diet,( two parts Blue and one part Nutrish) I don't think that matters too much.Rachael Ray's Nutrish does meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO, so the girls at least get their daily required levels of vitamins, protein, and fiber.Nutrish is a decent dog kibble, though certainly not in the top tier. When one is occasionally limited to the brands on the supermarket shelves, Nutrish is usually the best choice there.NOTE -  An amusing blurb on the package: "NEW LOOK. SAME FORMULA"  Certainly an odd and meaningless testimonial.
I have 2 chihuahuas and they'll both eat this food but you can tell it's nothing special to them.  If it's a food they really like they'll take a few bites right after I'm finished filling up their bowl.  With this food they'll smell it and then they'll walk away.  They'll eat later on when they get hungry.The food looks and smells like your typical dog food.  Nothing special that makes it stand out.  I do like the fact that it's made with real chicken and vegetables and has no fillers.  I don't like the bag that the food comes in.  It's too thin which is making it start to get little holes and tears in it from usage.Overall I think this food is a pretty good choice but it's nothing that my dogs are jumping with joy over.  I would recommend trying it though.
My dogs really like the Rachael Ray line of Nutrish dog food, and it is exteremely difficult to find in my local area.  It comes in a variety of flavors, but chicken is their favorite. I like that it does not have meal and by-product as the primary ingredient. The only issue I have is that I have three dogs of varying size - the littlest one cannot manage to eat this food since she is only 4 pounds. My largest scarfs this down like it is filet mignon!
Our five dogs wouldn't write this so I did.  The dogs seem to like them, but lets be honest they will eat anything I drop on the floor from hotdogs to lettuce to stuffed animals.What I do like is the meat is USDA inspected and the product is made in the USA, it makes me nervous if the product is from China, Thailand, etc.  The setback is they are small and if you have big dogs they don't last too long and are fairly expensive.A percentage of the proceeds go to charities according to the bag but they do not say which ones. Just local ones according to their website.  Does that mean local to them or me?  I cannot find out on the their website which is pretty basic.
The dogs love these treats. The ingredients are mostly natural. For kicks, I even nibbled on one, and it wasn't too bad. Tasted like beef jerky. I would use these as occasional treats. I don't want the dogs getting too used to anything besides their kibbles and carrots for snacks. The only downside, and the reason it got 4/5 stars, is because it gave 1 out of 3 dogs gas. I would buy these in the future.
So I got a box of these for my 3 year old Norwegian Elkhound. All dog owners know that there are many, many products out there that claim to clean your dog's teeth. So do it better than others, and some my dog flat out won't eat.When I first opened the box of these I was amazed at the size of them. The box does say large, but these things are huge. I would recommend this size for much larger breed dogs than my 50 pound elkhound.The benefit of them being so big is it does take her a little bit of time to chew the whole thing up and eat it.Results? Not really sure. The box says to feed at least two of these to your dog per day. But quite honestly, that would get really expensive and I am not sure what the dietary 'after effects' would be with that dose and I really  don't want to find out. So I can not really speak to the cleanabability that this product does.I can say my dog enjoys them and does take a little time eating them.
Our Ridgebacks and Dobermans all scarfed these up immediately. Opening the box the treats smelled fresh, there was no greasy feel to them when I handled them and they did not have that icky odor that some of the chemical coated red colored, cheap biscuits have. I also liked that each biscuit was really large and thick. Even the elderly dogs liked them and the 16 year old Doberman with very few teeth left had little trouble eating this biscuit. These are hard, crunchy biscuits, but they do break apart with a little effort so they can be managed for an older dog. Our whole pack seemed to like the flavor and texture and there were no crumbs left on the floor afterward.Two days is too soon to tell if the Crunch 'n Clean biscuits will actually help with bad breath or tartar on their teeth or not. Honestly, no dog biscuit or treat or food is going to eliminate tartar on your dog's teeth - only annual cleaning by the vet will do that. (Proper nutrition will certainly help keep the problem in line)The reason for the four stars instead of five is simply due to the primary ingredients. We have Rhodesian Ridgebacks and they are prone to food allergies with regard to wheat and corn. The high wheat content in these biscuits means I cannot give them to the majority of my dogs. Many other breeds out there have the same allergen issues as well - if you are feeding an organic or wheat/corn/soy free diet for an allergy prone dog then you'll need to stay away from the Hartz treats.
First off, my dog loves these buscuits.  I'm not sure if it is still just from the novelty of having something new, but even that would indicate that they aren't just the same old treat in a different box.  Now, like most dogs, she gets excited for just about any type of treat, but she clearly favors some over others, and she does enjoy the Hartz Crunch n Clean Dog Biscuit, Small.My dog is also 60 lbs, and would not be considered small -but these aren't too small for her.  The biscuits are very hard and might be a bit big for a really small dog.  I usually buy small to medium size treats anyway, so they are a good size for my dog.If you have concerns about ingredients:  these do contain artificial food colorings, lots of 'unpronouncables' and a high wheat content. I generally avoid these in dog food, but since this is the equivalent of doggie junk food, I can dole these out sparingly as rewards and not a diet supplement.The dog says five stars, but I'm leaning towards three stars because of the ingredients, so we have settled on four stars overall :)
I have a 12 year old sheltie with older teeth, despite yearly tooth cleanings, his breath is not as good as it should be. He can no longer chew his tooth vet approved tooth cheweys, so I thought I would try these.I am not sure why so many reviers are hung up on "taste", as a 20 year dog trainer I suspect they have very spoiled dogs that are over weight and need to be a bit hungry.The goal of these cookies  is breath work!!! not taste!!!They are cruncy! suggest you do not feed on carpet!  and after two days his breath was better when we played toys. I think they have made an improvement in his breath, and suggest you try a box.two days later,, we skipped a day,,, and I could tell he needed one.****I have fed them for two weeks and the teeth  have improved.If your dog has bad breath, try one of these a day. doglady forest grove
I used these as treats for large sized dogs to cut down on caloric intake. They chewed them thoroughly. It did help with their breath and keeping their teeth clean. Instead of brushing weekly, I was able to cut it down to monthly. I would buy these dog treats again. Product works like it says.
LILY, my Ridgeback rescue and MIKE, my Wheaten terrier poodle rescue both give these medium size biscuits five stars. I don't know if they really help with tartar but it seems to me that their DOGGIE BREATH is a lot less offensive and that is a big plus.The biscuits take longer to chew than one would expect for their size which is a good thing, No little bits are left on the floor, they really enjoy these. The list of ingredients is long and sugar and salt are both near the top - for that I took away 1 STAR. I would purchase these again and might try the large size as both dogs are strong chewers.
I have two pound puppies (well not puppies) who are not picky eaters - apparently living on death row in the pound will open up the horizens on edible vs non-edible.  Though they are both considered "medium sized" dogs, we give them the Large dog biscuits because they THINK they are large dogs.  Normally they each get one large biscuit every night before bed.So the box came in the mail.  I admit that I was surprised when I opened the box that more of them weren't smashed or broken in transit - I generally can't get the box home from the grocery store without smashing half of them.  So they now have a box full of non-broken snacks.  As the doggie mommy I inspected the ingredients - and was a bit dissapointed.  Lots of wheat and grains.  I had hoped for at least animal by-product or something as the first ingredient.  What really bothered me was the fake coloring, there's a list of artificial dyes - now I've never met a dog who would turn anything away based on color so I don't understand the point of colored dog treats.  The last ingredient was added on vitamines - so I was happy about that.  Still, lots of salt, sugar and grains in the box.Then I read the directions - feed 2 biscuits twice a day, so that's 4 biscuits per dog per day... that's a LOT of snack food for a dog.  After closer inspection it seemed to be stating that for maximum DENTAL benefit to follow that feeding routine.Rosco, our 30lbs 2year old sheepdog figured out pretty quickly that the box contained snacks.  After a sit then shake, I gave him one.  He was curious at first (he's a cautious doggie after having been abused so badly) there was some sniffing, some poking with the nose, but then once his big brother started moving in - Rosco crunched happily away at it.Indiana Jones (aka IndyBear) our 60 lbs 12-13 year old mix (maybe spaniel and austrailian shepherd? Who knows) has been on a weight management diet for over 10 years now, but severe arthritis and hip displaysia prevent much excercise.  Indy will eat anything - though I have recently started to worry about the hard food on his teeth.  Once Indy figured out that we were testing new biscuits, he went through the routine, sit, shake, laydown, situp - then he took off with his new snack.  Indy wolfed it down and came back for more.Over the next 24 hours there were no upset tummies or 2am walks due to the "runs" so we'll at least finish off the box.Final Opinion:The Good - hard and crunchy to help prevent additional tartar buildup.Apparently very tasty.The Medium Size is good for the 25-40 lbs weight range.I liked the added vitamins.The bad/questionable - I wasn't a fan of the dyes included.Smaller or older dogs may not be able to chew these comfortably.The dental benefit is only to PREVENT NEW buildup - not to help with current dental issues.Feeding Directions may lead to plump puppies - especially with the ammount of non-meat ingredients.Doesn't seem that it would be as beneficial on the teeth as a rawhide, at least with my dogs.Please remember - Doggies need their teeth brushed too, even if you give them hard treats like these.
RIley and Halle are back on their reviewing job, and they both really liked this dog food.  As a Doberman, Halle gets more than small Riley, but they both eat eagerly.The scent isn't gross like some brands so you can keep it stored in the house.  Cats don't seem to like so they won't get into it (they usually try).  I like the composition as my vet had actually recommended I make chicken and rice fresh for my dogs (but I don't have the time). Without corn, this keeps them from itching.The only reason it didn't get five stars was that Halle became a bit gassy after her dinners.  Not sure if it's the food or something else, but Dobie gas can be tough to deal with (she sleeps in the house at night).  Will update review if this changes.
Since I can not eat chicken I have to trust my dogs on this one.  Put it in the dogs bowl and they ate it all.  Nothing wiggly or wrong in the bag I got.  They seemed to enjoy the stuff, but then again, they are dogs and you know what they do.  What I cared about was what was in it.  There is pretty good stuff in here and I am not worried about my dogs getting the wrong ingredients or byproducts that are unhealthy for them.  Regardless, what is important is that they like it and eat it and they do.
But this is high quality food (I was originally introduced to it when my vet recommended it) and my dogs like it.  It doesn't cause them digestive issues though I think the lamb and rice may be a bit easier on the stomach or palatable to my dogs...However, just a gut feeling since my dogs aren't really telling me which they prefer.[NCJVR]
Despite there being a couple of ingredients that I wasn't so sure/happy about, this food was a hit with three of our four dogs. Not as much of a hit as the beef and rice, though. Our one very fussy dog did not take to this, which wasn't a surprise since she's not a big fan of dry food.We have been feeding our dogs Purina products for quite some time, and they have not suffered any apparent ill effects. Not all the foods we've given them boast the healthy ingredients in Pro Plan, and it is a little pricier than some of the others. However we have also had the experience where they've all turned their noses up at foods that were touted as more nutritionally sound or were vet recommended.Our goal in choosing a dog food is similar to our goal in choosing people food. It should be healthful not harmful and it should taste good, which means finding a balance between the two. For three of our dogs, this variety of Pro Plan makes the balance, although we probably won't be getting it again, since there is another variety that they will all eat.
I'm very happy with this dog food overall.  I've been feeding it to my Cocker Spaniel with great success.  She seems to love the taste, and she's very healthy, including her coat.  Most dog food buyers will probably know about the numerous dog-food rating websites out there, which offer guides to quality based on the ingredients in various different foods on the market.  I would say this Purina Pro Plan is the high quality version of Purina One.  But, having said that, I would not recommend it for dogs with allergies.  I have a Springer Spaniel with serious food allergies, and he had his usual reaction with this stuff.  I'm not blaming this food specifically: he gets breakouts with virtually ANY food that is not grain free stuff made of fish.  So, in sum, this is a great food if your dog is tough and hardy and lacks food allergies.  For dogs with sensitive diets, I would recommend a true grain-free option.
I was curious to see what this dog food looks like, a food with bits of chicken in the mix. It is a different kind of food with plenty of soft, chewy chicken pieces mixed in with the kibble. In this mix the crunchy, triangular-shaped pieces are larger than what our girls are used to. Surprisingly our fussy, little girls didn't complain a bit. They like this food quite a bit, especially the chicken pieces.We like that chicken is the first ingredient. Not too crazy about the chicken-by-product meal, or the animal digest, but this is dog food after all.Overall this seems to be a good formula that's been thoroughly tested.Nit pick - The thin bag is not resealable, but we have a large, airtight container in which to store it.Be sure to introduce new foods gradually to your pet. We gradually increased the amount mixed in with the previous food for a week.
I usually give my two 100 lb. dogs Kirkland brand dog food from Costco because it has quality ingredients. They don't fall all over themselves to get to the bowl, but they don't turn their noses up to it either. I usually add some sort of cooked meat or yogurt as a treat, so they are kind of spoiled.So I opened a bag of the Pro Plan Savor, Chicken flavor and they immediately seemed interested. They picked out most of the Pro Plan over the Kirkland brand food, which says a lot about the taste. However, the ingredients are still not up to snuff with Kirkland brand. Here are the ingredients below. The ones I take exception to (low quality fillers) have an asterisk.I really don't like the additional corn. If your dog gets ear infection easily. Check their dog food for corn. One of my dogs is allergic to corn and gets ear infections when she gets too much of this stuff in cheap dog food. I'm waiting to see if it causes problems.Also poultry by-products can be anything left over in the slaughter house--beaks, feet, bones, whatever. Gross.The chemical at the bottom, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of vitamin K activity) is controversial and unnecessary.Ingredients: Chicken, brewers rice, *whole grain wheat, *corn gluten meal,poultry by-product meal (natural source of glucosamine), *soy flakes, *whole grain corn, *corn germ meal, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of vitamin E), barley, *soybean meal, dried egg product, fish meal (natural source of glucosamine), animal digest, glycerin, calcium phosphate, *wheat bran, fish oil, salt, potassium chloride, potassium citrate, calcium carbonate, zinc proteinate, vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, manganese proteinate, ferrous sulfate, sulfur, l-ascorbyl-2-polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), copper proteinate, niacin, vitamin A supplement, calcium pantothenate, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, vitamin B12 supplement, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin supplement, calcium iodate, vitamin D3 supplement, *menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of vitamin K activity), folic acid, biotin, sodium seleniteNone of these are in the Kirkland brand. The other thing about Pro Plan is the price. Feeding 200 lbs of dogs at this dog food price. Ouch. So, the dogs liked it, but I sort of see this as lower quality food, like eating hot dogs instead of pork chops. It's okay, but I won't be using it as their main food.
I thought they would go with the weird looking yellowish bits first but they didn't seem to differentiate.  Though the first ingredient is chicken.. there's also brewers rice and wheat and corn gluten meal..so we never get away from that corn do we?  Seriously, there are all kind of things in this food that are good for your dog.  I have 8, so I pay attention to cost and the ingredients.  In cheap foods I have found that most of what goes in all comes out, with purina pro there seems to be less &#34;waste&#34;..meaning my dogs are utilizing more of the food.  There is one thing that I wish I knew was.  It's called animal digest..listed as ingredient..guess I'll have to ask purina that one!!
Most of the time when I open a bag of dog food for the first time, it has that distinct dog food smell (not something I would want to eat). When I opened the bag of this Pro Plan Savor, it immediately smelled to me like chicken that I would eat, not just organ meat. I think my dogs appreciate the more appetizing smell as well as they always go for this food over the more "traditional" smelling dog food. They love the chicken shreds, but in a big bag such as this, the shreds tended to disintegrate toward the bottom being crushed under all the weight. Not as fun for the dogs to eat once we get to the bottom of the bag, but still  tasty enough.
I have three dogs, a caucasian, and two Alsatians. They all love Beneful. I thought i would have some problems switching over to this as they had been used to another brand. But this was not the case, from the first time i gave it to them , they ate it with abandon and enthusiasm.The Beneful dog food is a nice tasting food for dogs I also know this because we have tried other dog foods with them and they didn't really like them . The packaging is a bit difficult to open and you will need another airtight container to store the food as the bag it comes with is not airtight and cannot be re-sealed once open. So i would reccomend an improvement in the packaging. From my Dogs perspective , its 5 stars based on taste, from mine 4 stars for the less than perfect packaging.
We have 3 large dogs, 2 being pure bred hunting labs (one rescued from a shelter) and the 3rd a mixed breed (also rescued from a shelter). The largest of our 3 dogs (7 years old and about 70lbs) has an ultra sensitive stomach. When we first got him as a young dog, we tried giving him different vet recommended dog foods, but after months of non-stop gas and runny doggy doo, it was the original Beneful formula that we found he seemed to do best with. Our smallest/oldest/mix-breed dog (11 years old and about 25lbs) does well on any dog food he's given, and so has never had any troubles eating Beneful either. Our youngest dog (about 50lbs and 3 years old) does get some minor gas from time to time with every dog food we have ever given to her, including Beneful. While the other two dogs are both slim and muscular, she's quite pudgy (for a lab) even with all the exercise she constantly gets. At one point we decided to move her to the Beneful Healthy Weight version of this dog food to see if it would help her lose a few pounds. We kept her on it for about 2 months, and while she did lose a little weight, she had non-stop terrible has and upset stomachs. So much so that she went from a very happy cheerful dog to one that seemed miserable and uncomfortable all the time. Within a few days of switching her back to this Beneful Original formula, she was her happy, playful, active self again. It's not the best quality, most expensive dog food on the market, but it's affordable, my dogs enjoy the taste and it doesn't make them sick or uncomfortable like some other brands/versions do.
This came in the mail the other day and my dog (Miniature Pinscher) was jumping all over it while I was unwrapping it. He can be picky with food and dog treats, but he's been eating this the past few days, so I'd say it's a hit.But I looked up info online today about best and worst dog foods, and sadly Beneful is on all of the "worst" lists I saw. But then again, so is Iams, and that is one I always used to see being sold and endorsed at the veterinarian's and humane societies, and always heard it was a good brand. So I really have no idea what or why one food is considered better than another. Pedigree and Purina are also on some of the lists. Many of the brand names I see in the stores are. But I can't afford organic foods for my family and can't afford them for my pets either. Guess I'll have to look more into it. It's up to your discretion on what you feel about it.I take off one star just because I did not see this food on any of the "best" lists. But most of the foods on the bests lists were ones I had never heard of or seen before.
It is difficult to write a review on dog food as I am not devoted enough to taste it myself.  Based on my dog's reaction, however, I am very comfortable recommending this product.  It was consumed enthusiastically and is nutrionally good.  The dog does not leave any food in the dish when eating this product, which is another good sign.
This is decent dog food. My dog will eat it, but prefers smaller bites because of his small size / sensitive mouth. My sister's and mom's dogs both love Beneful. Dunno why -- they just seem to enjoy it highly among the various brands they've had.Maybe the ingredients aren't as 'fresh' or exclusive as they appear on the packaging, but... who cares? Our dogs are as healthy as their owners are -- if not healthier. They run, they play, they eat their food, they sleep... they're going strong and haven't been subjected to any specific diet beyond whatever dog food we happen to be buying at the time.This stuff is a decent deal, your dog will probably enjoy it, and your dog will be nourished and fulfilled by eating it. We haven't had any issues and have gone through many bags of this -- especially my sister and her Dachshund.
This PURINA Beneful Organic Dog Food is well liked by the retriever puppy we tested it on, but I do have concerns with the nutritional content. I was fairly sure taste was not going to be an issue since this puppy will eat just about anything put in front of her, intended or not.This is packaged in a very easy to open and resealable bag, which is a nice since this a lot of food that will last us awhile. The actual kibble is a mixture of shapes and consistencies, and I already noted that Sissy seems to very much enjoy it.The biggest issue is that has a lot of corn and wheat products, and has chicken by-product meal second in the ingredient list. While I'm not sure this isn't "good enough", there is much better available.This will not be our dog food of choice, but it will do if we catch it on sale.CFH
We have an young and an old Chihuahua and they both like this dog food. Neither of them are jumping with joy over it but they don't mind it at all. The pieces are small and ideal for smaller dogs. Neither of them have ever refused to eat it. Since it has vegetables in it then it should be healthier than some of the other regular dog food on the market. I love the zip-loc style bag so you can leave it right in the bag instead of storing in a separate container. The price is about average so Purina Beneful is a regular for dogs.
I have 4 Chihuahuas and these kibbles are small enough that they have no problems eating them.My dogs are picky eaters but they seem to enjoy this. The packaging is super strong with a ziplock type seal.This will protect the package during shipping and keep it fresh in your house.I supplement this food with canned food and home cooked food. I like to keep my dogs diet as balanced as possible.
If there is such a thing as a dog taste-test, Purina's Beneful has definitely passed it in this house.  My larger dog, who is part hound, could smell the nuggets right through the Amazon box and bag.  Yes, both of my dogs will eat almost anything, but certain flavors get them more excited.  They barked and continued to beg for little treats.  Indeed, my Brandy has her head lying right next to the bag waiting for a bit more.One thing I especially liked was the QuickZip feature that will enable this food to stay fresh.  I often wonder how any dog food can taste good after staying out in an opened bag for such a long time.  This food is conveniently sealed, but if you are thinking of a container, you might wish to consider theIRIS Airtight Pet Food Storage Container, which comes in an assortment of sizes to suit your needs.Do I like Purina products?  I definitely do as I have one of my dogs on another of theirs.  No dog food is perfect, nor will it suit the needs of every household.  You have to decide for yourself if Beneful meets those needs and the needs of your animal.  I'll just lay out a few things about this food, including serving sizes, so you can tentatively judge if this Beneful might be a food you'd consider.  I have two dogs, each with different needs to think about.  This info is straight-from-Purina ... the taste-test was from my dogs, who love it.INGREDIENTS:Ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), rice flour, beef, soy flour, water, meat and bone meal, propylene glycol, sugar, tricalcium phosphate, phosphoric acid, salt, animal digest, potassium chloride, sorbic acid (a preservative), dried peas, dried carrots, calcium propionate (a preservative), choline chloride, l-Lysine monohydrochloride, Vitamin E supplement, zinc sulfate, red 40, ferrous sulfate, manganese sulfate, niacin, yellow 6, yellow 5, Vitamin A supplement, blue 2, calcium carbonate, copper sulfate, Vitamin B-12 supplement, brewers dried yeast, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin D-3 supplement, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, folic acid, biotin, sodium selenite.GUARANTEED ANALYSIS:Calorie Content (Metabolizable Energy, ME)3689kcal/kg  1674kcal/lb  360kcal/cup25.0% Crude Protein (Min)10.0%  Crude Fat (Min)4.0% Crude Fiber (Max)14.0% Moisture (Max)1.4%  Linoleic Acid (Min)1.1%  Calcium175 mg/kg Iron (Fe) (Min)0.2 mg/kg  Selenium (Se) (Min)10,000 lU/kg  Vitamin A (Min)100lU/kg Vitamin E (Min)FEEDING:Adult Dogs3 lbs to 28 lbs -  1/2 to 1-1/4 cups28 lbs to 52 lbs - 1-2/3 to 2-1/2 cups52 lbs to 76 lbs - 3-1/4 to 4 cups76 lbs to 101 lbs - 4 to 5 cups100+ lbs - 5 cups plus 1/3 cup for each 10 lbs of body weight over 100 lbsDo I recommend it?  I can only say for my dogs, but they do love it and are patiently waiting for me to undo that QuickZip for another taste!
I think if you are buying random dog food at the grocery store the Purina Beneful is probably one of the best available. If you're truly looking to buy the BEST dog food, then you're not shopping at the grocery store in the first place. For the average dog the Beneful offers the basic nutritional requirements of course and it goes a little farther than the generics out there. The three dogs in our house that tried it (mixed with their normal far more expensive organic food) ate with no hesitation. They seemed to like the flavor and only one of them had any digestive upset and that was very mild.I could not give the Beneful to the other three dogs though and this is the reason for the one star deduction....it contains corn. If you have a dog with skin allergies then you know you have to avoid corn, wheat and soy in their food and treats. Bottom line... if you're feeding a regular dog and your dogs has NO allergy issues, then Beneful is a decent choice. Just beware.. contains corn and that could be a big problem.
I give this pet food A plus for palatability as my five dogs all seem to love the flavor of it. And that's important. I've recently invested in expensive, organic premium pet food for both dogs and cats and have been very disappointed because my pets simply would eat very little of it because it wasn't tasty. How to explain that it's good for them?The pluses of this food: Definitely the vegetable ingredients. I think that dogs need vegetables, not just meat. They include corn (not the most nutritious of vegetables but both animals and birds love it), peas (always highly nutritious) and carrots. The flour ingredients are whole wheat and soy flour, both healthful. The beef is real beef.How much of all of these ingredients? We don't know.Vitamin supplements include Vitamins E, A, B12, D3 and menadane sodium bisulfite, said to be a source of Vitamin K activity. I do know what that means. Hopefully, it is beneficial. Minerals, such as zinc sulfate and manganese, are included as well.The food pieces are not too big and not too small so that one can be comfortable offering them to any size of dog, which I did ranging from a chihuahua to a shepherd-chow mix. It was quite suitable for both, and the in-between size ranges.Minuses: I would prefer the chicken by-product meal be eliminated. It can come from pretty messy stuff and one wonders if it is a filling, for flavor enhancement, or some other unnecessary purpose. It just has a negative ring to it. The other ingredient I'm not completely comfortable with is the food dye, although I did some research on the web and it is not considered to be harmful if not used in big quantities.Yes, this is pretty dog food, pleasing to the human eye. And it comes in six different shapes. I find it fascinating that the package claims the benefit of the shapes is that it makes them seem like real pieces of meat to dogs, suggesting that a single uniform shape would not. I don't know if research has been done on canine recognition of shapes, but that does make some sense in their ancestral memory.All in all, I feel comfortable feeding this original Beneful to my dogs and do enjoy their enjoyment of it and pleasure in it. There is better food, but it is more costly and I don't believe it can be obtained at mainline supermarkets, which means trips to two different stores to shop for groceries. In its price range and thinking of its competition (Iams is the only other grocery store-bought dog food I would consider), I think it is a good offering albeit with the above "minuses" to take into consideration.One more word: I love the packaging. No more ripping off the top and searching for some clamp to reseal the package with. The entire top of the package has this slide zipper just as on Ziploc bags. Opens easily and fully. Neat!
I tried this food after switching my dog from another food that left him with a dry, flaky coat and apparently wasn't very satisfying because he was always hanging around the kitchen begging for more food. I did a slow transition into Beneful, mixing some of his old food, with the new food over the course of a week. Clearly he likes the taste because he gobbles it down and leaves nothing behind. I have noticed his coat is already looking better and he seems less hungry after meals, which is great because he's not begging all the time. The zipper top bag is very convenient because I don't have to worry about the food drying out before it's gone. Price-wise, it's a good value for this size bag. On the negative side, I was very disappointed to see corn as the first and third ingredients and the second being "chicken-by-product meal". I usually try to stick with pet foods that have real meat as the first or second ingredient and avoid anything with "by-products" or fillers, especially if it's listed in the first several ingredients of the food. As happy as I am he seems to be doing well on Beneful, I'd feel better about giving it to him if there was more pure meat and less corn, fillers and random by-products that aren't adding any significant value to his diet.5-stars for taste4-stars for how he's doing on the food4-stars for price2.5 stars for ingredient list
I gotta review this product because my pooches can't write reviews (if they could I'd be a rich man, haha!)Our Cavalier King Charles Spaniels seem to like this Beneful Dog Food well enough, not as much as Pedegree, but they do eat it.
We have two rescue dogs both of which had major medical issues when we adopted them. In order to reduce the medical problems, we always try to use the same food as they had been fed in the past so over the years, Pedigree seemed to be the food of choice. We mix/match the flavors but generally stick to dry mixed with canned Pedigree brand.This arrived via home delivery in a box along with two other deliveries (spouses new shoes). While we were busy taking a look a the new shoes, our two dogs immediately started sniffing the box with the bag of food inside. In fact, our little "bagle" (beagle/basset mix) decided to stand guard and adopt it as her very own. We went ahead, opened the bag and both noses were immediately sniffing all over the bag. Now, it should be said, our dogs are an itsy bitsy bit spoiled and routinely get their own treats or deliveries so they knew this was for them.We offered a handful and each gulped it down happily. Put a few in a kong toy and they thought it was a great treat. Dinner time and they consumed it in record time. Plain and simple...this is a HUGE hit!Now, from the people perspective, the bag is very sturdy and has a zip lock resealable closure which is super nice and convenient. It doesn't require having to empty into a separate storage container which is especially nice for those that have mutiple dog households and hate having to lug/tug big bags home only to be forced to empty into yet another secure storage area.There seem to be additional vitamins, minerals etc which appears competitive with Pedigree. On the other hand, (knock on wood) Pedigree was one of the very few companies not involved in recent recalls over the past few years which means a lot. I'm not yet sure if we will make a full switch but we will be at least partially adding this to the menu since our dogs absolutely love it however, we absolutel love our dogs and have not fed any Purina brand foods until now. I'd really like to know where the ingredients are coming from (China, USA?) and still feel hesitant to return to a company that caused so much pain and suffering in the past.
How exactly do you rate dog food? I'm not a dog nutritionist nor a vet. What I do know is I have 2 dogs, a long hair chihuahua and a sheltie mix. I feed them typically 4Health dog food I buy from my local Tractor Supply and the dogs love it. I had the chance to try this food for my dogs and I mixed it with my current dogs food as to not shock them. I will say both dogs ran over and chowed down on the food and ate only the Beneful leaving their original kibble.So the food appears to get a seal of approval from my dogs. I also checked and it looks like this food is made in the USA which is important to me. With all the dog food and treat issues coming from over seas I want to keep my dogs eating stuff made in the USA, sure the pet food standards aren't as high, but they are higher then imported food so I don't feel so worried feeding them this food.
I'm pleased on behalf of my dog with this Beneful dog kibble product.The bag arrived in a large cardboard box so that the bag would stay intact in transit. The cardboard and packing materials are recyclable.The 15.5 pound bag is made of small woven plastic strips, which makes the bag reusable (as a second trash bag when emptied of dog food) and recyclable where all plastics are accepted.I was surprised and happy to see the new enclosure for Beneful - it has a very solid plastic 'zip' top. I'm actually thrilled about this, and wonder why all dry cat and dog food don't come with a reclosable, sealable top. I've noticed over the years that my pets prefer their kibble when fresh, so this will help the taste and texture stay palatable for far longer than the usual fold down method.The second very nice thing I noticed was that the kibble was moist. I think of pet kibble as hard, crunchy food, and moist kibble as gourmet specialty items that come in tiny, expensive packets. Here, there is a whole lot of nice, fresh meaty-type kibble at an economy price. The food is soft and smells good.Where Beneful loses a point is in the ingredients. The first item listed is ground yellow corn meal. The next ingredient is chicken by-product meal, and then there is more corn (corn gluten meal). Sugar is also highly placed in the ingredients list, but thankfully, that follows after healthy items like beef, wheat meal, animal fats, and rice and soy flours.A lot of dogs' digestive systems don't process corn very easily; the best dog foods place meat or wheat first in the menu, and eliminate the 'filler' corn meal entirely. Since Beneful is positioning themselves as a 'healthy choice' kibble, it's important to be aware of pet issues with corn.I don't see why dog food needs bright dyes either. The only possible reason is to make it 'prettier' for people to look at. I would ask Purina to reconsider that aspect, as well as removing the corn.In spite of the corn meal and unnecessary food dyes, my dog LOVED this new chewy kibble. She actually made happy little grunty noises while eating it, noises I'd never heard from her before.Dog approved, and person-approved, with the understanding that this is a mid-line pet food. :)
I have to admit that I am new this this dog food game.  I only keep it in the house for dog sitting either my neighbors dog or my Moms.  The neighbors pooch is a Golden, and my Mom had a Lhasa Apso...I've had the chance to try this food out on both the mutts and the results have been very much appreciated.  They both scoffed it up enthusiastically, and both the dogs owners had heard of, and in the past have used Beneful before.  The other reviews here seem to be about equally divided as to it either not being as nutritionally balanced as promised, or, have some serious questions or comments about some of the other things in it.  I'm afraid I can't be much help as to much of that.  But what I will say it seems to have a whole lot more going for it than a lot of the store brands that are popular with folks nowadays. In fact its loaded compared to some of those. The dog people I know all seem to like Beneful.  It's more of a question of its cost more than its nutritional concerns it appears.  My recommendation comes from the dogs point of view of it being very tasty and appreciated.  And my suggestion as to its nutrition and by products is to compare this with the big box store brands that many are used to, read the other reviews here, and then decide if the extra cost is worth it.  It's a crowd pleaser in my house for sure..: )
Since my friend is into rescue work, I figured this dog food would be great to test on her two dogs and the five shelter dogs she is working with.  All the dogs ate this food eagerly and they were not starving dogs.  I also decided to do a taste test with two dog foods; this food and theChef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 4.5 Pound BagI was reviewing.  The one dog I tested it on sniffed both dog foods but chose to eat the Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food  first.  However, he then finished off this food as well after devouring the other. So in the taste department I thinks it's pretty comparable.According to the packaging, PURINA Beneful Original Dog Food is 100% Complete and Balanced Nutrition with protein (beef), omega fatty acids and grains.  However, since I know dogs are carnivores I expected meat to be in at least one of the first four ingredients and they were not. The first four ingredients in order are ground yellow corn, chicken by-product meal, corn gluten meal, whole wheat flour.  Beef happens to be seventh in the ingredients list.Each serving contains:Crude Protein 25%Crude Fat 10%Crude Fiber 4%Moisture 14 %Linoleic Acid 1.5%Calcium 1.1 %Iron 175 mg/kgSelenium 0.2 mg/kgVitamin A 10,000 IU/kgVitamin E 100 IU/kgOverall, the dogs enjoyed this food.  However, even though the package states it meets 100% of their nutritional needs, based on the first four ingredients and the misleading protein (beef) statement on the packaging I was left wondering "Where's the Beef?"  For this reason I give the product four stars as I do not think this is a nutritional powerhouse.
Purina Beneful Original Dog Food was a success with two of our dogs, but the third (who won't eat dry food)wasn't interested. She also doesn't eat vegetables (the other two do), so she wasn't tempted at all.I don't know what the health benefits of feeding whole grains to dogs are (since some experts are promoting grain-free dog diets), but I base my opinion on the reaction of the dogs. They ate it, they didn't get sick, and they weren't hungry an hour later. If all three would have liked it, I would have given it five stars.
My lab has been eating this for several years now and she likes it allot, we sometimes switch things up and use other brands but always come back to this. It is not your pricey 100% natual type but she has always been healthy and strong with an amazing coat. No complaints here give it a try.
My picky dog loves this stuff.  He will only eat a few types of dog food and this is one.  He prefers the taste of Beneful to any other brand we've tried.  He has a flea allergy so I had put him on a raw diet, but he wouldn't hardly eat it either and kept breaking out so we knew it wasn't gluten - but he was leaving raw meat in his bowl, so we had to stop that too.  He is REALLY picky.I wish the nutritional content of Beneful and the ingredients were better, but my dog won't eat the 'better' dog foods anyway.  With Beneful, he at leasts eats good and acts happy, and with his allergy problems, at least he can be happy with his food.I do have a problem that the cats like Beneful too, and steal it from his bowl.  Dog food is not good for cats and the dog catching them is not good for cats, but I figure it must be pretty tasty for the cats to want it too.  I read it was sprayed with 'animal digest' which is hydrolized unspecified animal parts.  It sounds really gross but it must make it taste better.I wish they would not put artificial colors in it.  Dogs can't see color anyway from what I understand.
I have a huge dog and a wee beagle. I won't lie, they would eat anything and have tried. (Well, they won't eat cucumber peelings if they drop on the floor. Weird.) I served them Beneful and they woofed it down, no problem. :)  I do believe that the bag picture and name are misleading, as well as the ad campaign for this dog food. It's not very beneficial for your dog and the top ingredients are total junk and filler. I preferChicken Soup for the Dog Lover's Soul Dry Dog Food for Senior Dog, Chicken Flavor, 35 Pound Bagbut it's way, way more expensive. With Beneful, you are going to see a LOT of waste, so to speak, when your dog `goes for a walk'. There is a belief that if you feed your dog good, quality food, there is less waste because there is so much nutrition being gleaned from the food. I'd say this is true, but not so much less waste that you can..oh...get another dog, or take smaller poo-bags on your walks. (hahaha) This food is more like, homemade play dough. If you took homemade play dough, which is mostly salt, and shaped it into the form of a carrot and a chunk of steak, then ate it, you would still be eating salt, not meat or veggies. Beneful looks like food, but it's mostly junk. Why the four stars? Because I've been feeding my dogs cheap food all their lives, and fed the same kind of food to my passed-on dogs and they all did fine. They all lived to their life's expectancy and beyond. No health issues, ever (except for a dog-ate-a-corncob-incident, which if you think about it, I would not have had with just kibble!) and they had/have energy, healthy teeth, coats that shine etc. Overall, if you can afford better food, I say go for it.
I didn't know until my dog has already eaten a great deal of this food that it's supposed to kill her.  Fortunately, she's doing fine.  When dog foods come in different colored kibble, I risk her getting picky and choosing some colors or flavors over the others.  It doesn't seem to be a problem with Beneful.  She's not over the moon for it, but she eats it without complaint.  No upset tummies or other problems that I've seen.
First of all, the dogs love Purina Beneful. I've got three, and with the exception of Iams, this is their favorite food. I also have a problem with stomach upset with the dogs. Fortunately, they never have an issue with Beneful.The nutrition isn't top-tier as far as dog food goes. There are a few ingredients that give me pause (for example, corn meal and sugar, and I'm not a fan of chicken filler, either). But it isn't all-out terrible, either, and again--the dogs love it, and it doesn't hurt their stomachs.Another reviewer recommended going with this dog food if the dogs prefer it, but to supplement their diet with table scraps and the like. I agree. My dogs will even eat vegetables (we've got tomato and pumpkin plants in our yard, and they eat more of the veggies than the people do.) If nutrition is a concern, supplement it as best you can.Overall, I like Beneful. It makes my dogs happy, and again--it doesn't hurt them the way some other big-brand dog foods do. I recommend it.
I have three little dogs, two of them that are a bit picky. They've always liked Beneful and I'm happy with feeding it to them. We have moved to making almost all of their food for better health and we use Beneful as a filler and supplement to it.
My dogs eat this food up pretty quickly, especially the younger two. I have two dogs that are two years old and one that is 12. The younger two will even eat them as treats, but the older only eats it at meal times. I thankfully don't have to add much wet food or anything else to make sure they eat all of it. My only dislike is that it really isn't much different from other common dog foods in terms of health. The ingredients are just as bad as any other brand.
One of my dogs is pretty weird, she will try to eat any treat I give to her and try to snatch my food out of my hands, but she can be extremely picky when it comes to her dog food.  But after a few sniffs, she started eating the Purina Beneful Dog Food right up.  My other dog is less picky but he is old and just had a couple more teeth pulled a couple months ago so if the pieces are too big he will have to quit after a few bite.  But he had no problems eating the pieces of Beneful.  The package does zip close which is probably the best way to keep it fresh and with 15.5 pounds it has taken my dogs about two months to finish off, so I need to keep it fresh as possible for a while.
I was wondering how my dogs would like Purina Beneful after they had feasted on the 'elite' dog food of the day before. I thought would they think they are having a hamburger now and be upset because yesterday they had steak. Well, let's see.  My dogs are nosey and always come running when they hear you opening a bag, somehow they know it has something in it for them.  The food looked good and didn't have a bad smell. Some dog food will knock you out with the ugly smell they  produce.  I made up their bowls and also did some bowls with their normal food and set them down.  They sniffed at first and gave me the look. I suppose they were wondering where that steak tasting food was that they had had the day before.  However, one of them finally took a few bites, than another and than another. The other dogs looked at them and ran over to their bowls and began to eat as well.  They finished all the bowls and left their usual food sitting there. Hum.....they seemed to like it, not love it but like it. I'm not sure if I would change from the food I give them now to this one. It usually takes about a month to see if they will continue to eat a dog food, so we'll have to see. I'd say they liked it but better than their usual - well we'll have to wait and see.
My three doggies enjoy this food.  I love that it has a sturdy 'ziplock' opener at the top I hope that all dog foods do this in the future. It has crunchy and moist textures and  unique shapes.  It seems to have good ingredients to help maintain a dog's health such as highly digestible egg which helps muscle, crunchy corn and wholesome oatmeal packs energy, iron for healthy blood and calcium for strong bones and teeth.
Our dogs are not picky eaters, so I figured that I would give this food a try.  As expected, our dogs wolf it down, just like every other food that they've ever tried.As for the healthiness of this food, it is difficult to tell.  It seems to be a run of the mill offering, similar to all of the mass produced brands.  This Nestle/Purina offering doesn't seems to be any better or worse than similar products from the other huge dog food producers.
I like this dog food for my 2 chihuahuas.  There are many foods out there that make my dogs "go" way too often.  And many that make their stool was too runny.  There's also many foods out there that my dogs turn their noses up to or ones that are very enticing to them that make them overeat.  My dogs free feed so that can be a big problem.My dogs have no digestive/stool problems with this food.  They don't turn their noses up to it and they don't overeat.  The variety in the bag is a nice assortment.  This food seems to be a very good option for my dogs and I'd recommend it.
I tend to buy kibble and dog food in the smaller bit format, as I have an elderly dog, one with few teeth, and a small Yorkie.  When I opened the package of Beneful, I thought "uh oh, these are big bites," but soon discovered that all three dogs love this food, and unlike some of the cheaper kibble on the market with lots of by-products, this doesn't contribute to giving my dogs bad gas.  Even my ten pound Yorkie devours this up!
Boy, am I so tired of reading reviews bemoaning the ingredients in dog food these days. All the whiners claim that such-and-such is too corm or soy heavy, or that it is not gluten free or some other such crap. Guess what...It's DOG FOOD! For the love of all that is holy would you tools quit your whine-fest and go away! For the record, this product did exactly what it was supposed to do. Do you know what that is? It fed my dogs. Furthermore, they all seemed to enjoy it and have not shown any ill effects or digestive ailments (Not a single degree higher on the dog-fart scale, so I am happy). Sure our dogs are our babies, but the same people who cry about dog food ingredients are the same ones who took the score out of childrens' sports and think everyone is a winner. Total and complete imbeciles.  Beneful Dog Food by Purina will always be welcome in my home. It hits a proper price point that others seem unable to reach.  Our pets are only given a short time with us on this planet, so why not let them enjoy their little lives to the fullest. Give them what they want. If this dog food makes them wag their happy little tails, then have at it. I found this to be a great product and I hope you do to. The naysayers need to get a grip on reality or just raise children instead. They don't deserve dogs! Recommended!
First of all, I have 8 dogs..all are rescued and loved!  I can't afford to just feed them Beneful on it's own.  I buy it to add to their store brand and they love it!  The original formula is best.  They like the crunchy moister bits and I've even seen a couple of my "kids" take a mouthful out, drop on the floor..then pick out those pieces first!  This costs over a dollar a pound where I live, but, as I said, as a supplement it's just something great and healthy that I am able to do for my dogs.  I also followed my vet's advice several years ago and started using carrots for the dogs treats..5 lb bag every week and way better for them than rawhide chews!  Great product, wish was cheaper :)
My dogs favorite dry food is the cats leftover science diet, if she can get it, so I'm not too sure about her street creds when it comes to choosing dog food, however she likes the Purina Beneful original dog food  for the time being. Any dry food she doesn't turn her nose up at is a plus.The bag shows chunks of real beef and veggies as well as a picture of the actual food. I don't think a reasonable person would expect to pour out actual beef chunks any more then they would expect to pour a fully frosted cake , like the one on the front of the box, from a box of cake mix. The product page and the back of the bag give the ingredients.  I sort of question the addition of sugar and I suppose the color is for the benefit of the owner but ,from what I've read, the chicken byproducts ( feet, neck etc) are good for the dog. No animal "waste" can be used. The word "meal" means the byproduct is received in a dry state instead of a wet state.I think the bottom line is do you trust the reputation and integrity of the manufacturer? It's probably not gourmet food but do you trust them to put out a healthy product? Do you believe they get their ingredients from a reputable company and run all the required salmonella and bacterial tests? Since I'm no expert on dog food that's what I have to do.
I frequently make my own dog food, but like to keep a few cans on hand for when I'm too lazy to make the effort. I feed a combination of kibble and raw or kibble and canned on a daily basis twice a day. My Irish Wolfhound will at this if it is not mixed with kibble. If mixed with kibble she turns her nose up at it. What ever goes through the minds of dogs? This is a good basic canned food that can be mixed if you prefer and your dog will eat it or it can be served alone. Obviously if you have an XXL dog you'd need more than one can a day to keep your dog healthy and full!
Our dog seemed to like this food.  She's elderly, has lost some teeth and requires medication twice a day.We grind her pills and mix them with wet food twice a day.  The reason I'm not giving this five stars is because the food is so firm and thick that I need to manually break it up and add a little water to make it work.Even though it's ground chicken, the food in the can is very solid.  That might be a plus for some because the concentration would help it go further, but it adds work to serving when it needs to be mixed with anything.
My elderly chihuahua has a very tender digestive system and can only consume canned ground dog food. In mainline supermarkets there is not a lot to choose from meeting these needs as most canned dog food is not ground. Also, Isobel the chihuahua can only eat chicken or lamb-based food; any other will upset her stomach so much she will skip a meal the following day as she doesn't feel well.So this particular food is important to me and I usually select it, or the Iams ground dog food products on displayIAMS Proactive Health Dog Food, Ground Savory Dinner with Chicken & Rice, 13.2-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12). The Pedigree ground dinner has many pluses, including a nice assortment of oil, vitamins and minerals (the label states the levels are optimal), and dried yam is a desirable addition. I am surprised to see bay leaf listed as well; I'm not sure how it is beneficial to dogs.Chicken by-products is the first ingredient listed on the can, although chicken is also included. I do wish dog food manufacturing companies would begin to eliminate this undesirable ingredient. Rachel Ray, in her new line of pet foodsRachael Ray Nutrish Naturally Delish Wet Dog Dog Food, Chicken Muttballs Recipe, 8-Ounce Tub (Pack of 8)has done just that. Let's hope that others follow.With crude protein at MIN 8% and crude fat at MIN 6%, the label states this food "meets the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for maintenance."Also Mars Petcare is to be commended because it makes donations based on product sales to the Pedigree Adoption Drive to help shelter and breed rescue dogs find homes. And that's a nice thing!
My dogs love this food! And that's why it gets 4 stars. after trying them on this for a week, they have stopped eating other dog food given to them.I do not like sticking to a single type of Dog food as i like them two have some variety. After eating this though, they kind of turned their nose down on anything else i gave them. It took almost a week for me to start getting them to eat other things well again.My dogs would definitely give 5 stars. Maybe i will buy  for a special treat on Christams and other holidays but not as a regular.
I have a four year old sheltie.  He will basically eat almost anything.  So it's hard to tell exactly what he likes best.  He gobbled this up in his usual fast way and sniffed around the bowl in case anything fell out that he  missed, but of course he didn't find anything so I, being a bit indulgent, put a few more bits into his bowl and he happilysucked them up, barely stopping to chew.Therefore, as far as taste goes, my dog liked these very much.  I must say that, some of the ingredients don't sound too great.  Lot's of corn and byproducts are included.  Danny's usual food is purchased from his vet, and includes both dry and canned food, along with meat and eggs several days a week and an occasional McDonald's cheeseburger, no pickles!I won't be buying this again due to the less than great sounding ingredients, but as far as Danny is concerned, it's just fine.
The dogs literally licked their bowls when they finished with this however the weird greasy feeling that got on my hands from reaching in the bag leaves me wondering how "good" this can be for the dogs. The other thing that bothered me is the smell from it, I have never had such a strong smelling food, for the 1st time I have to keep the lid tight on the food container and it in the garage as the dogs tried to open the cabinet we keep it in... Its an odd smell too, and we have tried all different great brands. This is something I am not sure I would buy on my own seeing as my concerns about it but I know the dogs love it!!
Since I feed my dogs Science Diet (recommended by my vet), I've been giving this to them as 1/4 of their regular meal.Honestly, they really do enjoy the taste and often times will finish this food before their regular food. Using it as a snack or 1/4 of their meal, they have not had any stomach upset.There are dry kibble bits along with a more moist kibble.The more moist parts are flakes which seem elastic and rubbery.It has a savory scent which just calls them to the dinner bowl. You can separate the moister bits and keep them as reward or treats, another tip given by my vet.
There are two components of a review about dog food for me:  Do the dogs like it?  And is it good for them?To answer the first, my dogs LOVE it.  We had just finished a bag of feed so I opened this and they instantly started smelling the air as I poured it from the bag into their feed container.  From there I scooped out their usual quantity into each bowl and where they usually follow me with interest to where I set the bowls down for them to eat, this time they fairly pranced - leaping up and down with excitement at the "treat" that was in store for them.  On their old food, they would eat until they were full but often wander away with a little food left in the bottom to come back to later.  This time, they finished the bowl and then licked it clean.  So it certainly passed the taste test.Next is the question as to whether or not it is good for them.  I gave it a 4 because the overall ingredients are not terrible.  The first ingredient is meat - the first rule of thumb for me in any pet food.  However the second two ingredients are soy products, followed by brewers rice, more soy and then corn.  Included in the ingredients is also wheat.  So although it starts well, with Beef as the first ingredient, in the end it is bulked out by grains of all sorts, which lower the production costs for the manufacturer and keep the food priced lower for the consumer but also lowers the nutritional benefit to the animal.One last comment.  My first impression when I scooped the food into the bowls was that it is designed to look like a stew. Visually, it contains brown chunks - the meat - small green balls - the peas - and similarly sized yellow balls - the corn.  The problem is that a bowl of stew containing meat, peas and corn sounds yummy to us and is, in fact, designed to appeal to US visually - but is NOT a diet I would feed my dogs.  And, since dogs rely on smell more than vision, the visual appeal would be lost on them.  So I guess I didn't really appreciate what felt like a "trick" to get us to think of this as a good wholesome food for the dogs.
This Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food loved by the retriever puppy we tested it on, but I do have concerns with the content. This puppy will eat just about anything put in front of her, intended or not, but she absolutely devoured this stuff.The issue is that it has a lot of soy, corn, and rice, and unidentified animal fat high on the ingredient list. It does have beef listed as the first ingredient, which is probably why Sissy loves it so much. I am not sure that it isn't "good enough", but this will not be our dog food of choice and it will be given as a treat on occasion.Recommended, with the caveats above.CFH
This stuff lasted about 20 seconds in the bowl once I put it in.  The dogs loved it and I can recommend it on that alone.  As long as the dogs eat it and dont starve to death what is inside the thing doesnt bother me to much.  They are dogs, they eat poop.  They dont care what you put in front of them, they will eat it.  I have dogs of all size and my little one was able to eat it as soon as she snuck under my big dog.  The pieces are easy enough to chew as I did try, and my teeth are no where as good as theirs, and it seems to digest easily as I havent had any episodes since eating them.  Regardless, I can say this stuff is good enough for me and them.  If you have a dainty dog you might want to try something else, I have junkyard dogs and they will eat anything.
I have a Lab and a Papillon.  The Lab will eat anything and this works great.  The Papillon is picky and likes it better than any other dry food I've tried.  The food looks and smells appetizing.  The drawbacks are that the cost is fairly high, it has very questionable ingredients including poultry by-product meal and animal digest, and it is soft, thereby of little use in cleaning their teeth.  I will probably not continue with this food.  Instead, there are truly dry foods, with at least as good ingredients, that cost less and that will help with their teeth.  For treats, I'll continue with regular treats (Milkbone for example) or canned food.  This food might work for some picky small dogs.
My 4 Chihuahuas seemed to like the soft chunks but did get very excited about the kibbles. They would dig thesoft chunks out of the bowl and spill the harder kibbles around the bowl. They ended up eating them later but the often caused a messaround their dog bowls. I would use this food again. My dogs seemed to enjoy it even though they picked through it.
It really looked like a bowl of stew.  My dogs seemed to scarf it down, which was a relief.  My wowser, jack, only ever seems to eat blue without me having to dress his food up with grated meat or cheese.  Pepper will eat anything so it didn't surprise me that she enjoyed this just as much as blue or nature's choice.
My Doberman started sniffing and jumping arround as I was bringing the package in from the mail. He obviously could tell it was something for him and that he would like it. The important thing about this food is that it was manufactured in the USA. Dog food from China killed my previous Doberman so I am very careful about the origin of anything that I feed my current Dobie, Max. This morning I gave him a cup of his regular  dry food and a cup of Chef Michael's Oven roasted chicken. I though that Max was going to eat the steel bowl as well as the food as he kept licking every last bit that he could get from the bowl surface. He really loved his breakfast and did not even slow down when he got to his hip and joint medicine. Everything just got gulped down in a New York minute.The Chef Michael's food is obviously very tasty to Max but I subtracted one star because three dollars a pound for dog food just seems a bit excessive. There is no questioning the taste and most of the ingredients seem to be healthy but the cost just seems higher than it needs to be. I am sure Max could care less about the cost and I will get more when he finishes this bag. This is a winner.
The best feature about this dog food is that dogs (I have four) find it especially palatable. When it arrived, they sniffed the unopened package and would not leave its side. When it was finally offered to them (as a test for this review, of course), they were quite excited and gave it thumbs up. Note there is a package warning to mix it with old food over a number of days for an adjustment period).What's to like: The pieces are semi-soft and come in various shapes so they are closer to dogs' natural food in the wild. The drawback is that the semi-soft pieces will not contribute to teeth cleaning as does hard. But the dogs certainly find it more appealing and it makes their mealtime more enjoyable.(As I write this review, the dogs have gather round my computer as I placed the bag on the desk for referral purposes. Hope I can get through writing this piece without too much commmotion and distraction!)Some of the ingredients are nice: especially the vegetables (potato and green beans); there are a variety of vitamin supplements and the food definitely has a grilled sirloin steak odor. The beef is real along with grilled sirloin steak flavor.What is not particularly appealing is the poultry by-product meal (there is some nasty stuff in poulty by-products; four food dyes (they are labelled "colors") make the food look pretty but I would prefer the by-products and food dyes were eliminated. They seem to only serve a commercial purpose.Because of the semi-softness of the food, it can be served to all sizes of dogs (mine range from a chow chow to a bichon-poo). I would say if there is any problem with dogs not finding food offerings very appetizing, try  this food. In that department it's a winner.
This dog food is palatable according to my dogs.Taking a closer look.Pros :Beef is the first ingredient23 vitamins and minerals100% complete nutrition for adult dogsprotein 28%fat 16%fiber 3%water 12%No added artificial preservatives.Cons :Ground Wheat (Wheat Gluten)Added Color _ Red Dye 40I mention these as some of my cats are allergic to Red Dye 40 and some dogs can become allergic as well as to corn and soya.Tender pieces (The Beef Part)with crunchy kibbles (The Died Vegetable Part)Moderately more expensive than the average dry dog food but worth it for a finicky eater. The primary protein is chicken.
I used to actively avoid soy because my dog gets smelly. Sadly, he now is smelly no matter what I feed him.He wolfs (see what I did there) the Chef Michaels Oven Roasted chicken dog food down.  It is pretty odoriferous to me but he eats it quick enough that it isn't an issue. He must be able to smell it better than his other food because I have to hide this bag and I don't have to hide his regular food. So clearly, this is  5 star dog food if you are a dog.It made his stools a little loose in the beginning but that went away when he adjusted to it. The little nibbly bits work great for training because he can smell them and they keep him motivated. This is a much better buy than dog treats.
I have to be careful because my dog is 1. very picky and 2. he is diabetic. He loved it!  He usually eats canned food so I was not sure if he would like it. But it was a hit!  Will buy again!
All of my dogs absolutely love this food including my notoriously picky Chihuahua. The downside, as many other reviews mention, are the ingredients are grain heavy so I have been mixing it with their regular brand of meat heavy foods. I have a hard time getting my Chihuahua to eat so I am willing to mix this in if it gets her to eat more.
Lets say I, a human has to write this review, and of course I  myself did not eat the dog food, our King Charles Cavalier Spaniels did.Well at first they sniffed and looked at it for a few minutes, and then they ate it, but my dogs do that with some dog foods.so for dog food, it must be pretty good as they (the dogs) seem to eat it.It is a but pricey though.
I'm very happy with beef being the top ingredient in this very nice dog food; meat SHOULD be the top ingredient in a dog's diet. I am happy with the soy products, rice, poultry products, fats, wheat and barley. Those are relatively wholesome foods, and - my guess is - delicious. My dog loves the soft meaty chunks and happily wolfs down the kibble pieces too.Corn is still high in the list, however, as the seventh and eight  ingredient. Corn is a cheap filler, so I understand its common appearance in dog food. Unfortunately, dogs do not digest corn well, and many canines have corn allergies. I would have preferred more of the dried green beans and potatoes, which are lower on the list.I don't really know how to rank this - do I remove a star for adding cheap, indigestible corn? Do I give Purina five stars for what seems to be a sincere attempt at a high-end, beefy, nutritious product?Looking at the list again, I am curious about the high salt content. Do dogs need salt to flavor their food, or is the salt included as a somewhat natural preservative? I'm also concerned that Purina consistently feels a need to include food coloring in dog feed. Color can only possible be for the benefit of the people serving the product, which is a bit mystifying. I assume people aren't eating this. :)So. This is a pet product containing mostly beef and other nutritious options in the end. It just needs to be tweaked with a few omissions of questionable ingredients. A resealable bag would be a nice bonus.If this was marketed as a mid-line feed, I would certainly not hesitate to award five stars for what it is. Since this particular brand is touted as a high-end, discerning palate-type kibble, I'll stick with four stars for now. Kudos to Purina for trying and I hope they keep working at it. :)
Our 2 dogs tried Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Steak Flavor dog food, made with real beef.  One is a Basset and one a smaller Terrier.  Both ate without any hesitation.  The food is colorful (for the human appeal) with crunchy kibbles as well as tender pieces.  I prefer to feed our dogs crunchy kibbles if they are able to eat it, because I think it keeps their teeth cleaner.  There seemed to be more large tender pieces than crunchy, but the dogs loved it all.  The food size was fine for both the large dog and the small dog.  The large dog transitioned from her regular food to Chef's with no trouble.  The smaller dog had some digestive issues for a few days (very soft stools) until that cleared up and she was fine.  The bag claims "23 essential vitamins & minerals" and a "well rounded meal for adult dogs".One nice packaging plus was the bag shows the actual size pieces of food, something helpful to me with 2 different sized dogs.  Overall, I could say the food was a hit at this dog house.
I have to admit up front that I don't own a dog.  But my fianc&eacute;e and my neighbor do. A Golden Retriever and a Datsun respectively.  Both of them are fussy about what their dogs eat, but not what I would call fanatical.  Both of them also agreed that this dog food is very far from the worse that they have tried as far as quality goes.  But at the same time for the price they are suggesting the nutritional value could be much better.  As for the dogs review, there is no question that they both loved it.  Not only did they both savor it fully, but there were no side effects noted in either dog as to gas, bloating, belly aches, etc.  My conclusion based on their reviews and remarks is that this is a medium to very good quality dog food that carries a premium price.  But also one that both dogs in the tests here seem to gobble up enthusiastically.  My suggestion would be to perhaps buy this for a delicious treat for your dog, and pick up something else a little more reasonably priced for their everyday diet... : )
Chihuahua ate all his kibble first and went back to eat the chickeny-bits.  I did not notice him tossing said chickeny-bits later, which happens with regular-size kibble.Picky eater liked it enough to her her regular kibble with the Michael's as a mix in.Lab mix gobbled it down like it was ... dogfood.  That's the way he eats everything.Ergo, good enough.At $3/pound, it's not making it into our regular feeding plan. I'd rather use that much money feeding another dog.
My dog really liked this and she can be a picky eater. She reacted more like it was a treat than regular brkst/dinner so it must be yummy for her. As far as ingredients go its not that much beter than your regular pet food, but not as good as most that you would find at the Vet's office still we will definetly try this from time to time since our dogs likes when we switch it up a bit.
The dogs absolutely love this stuff!  I think of it as dog candy - not particularly good for them, but they love it just like kids & sweets.  The ingredients aren't the best, nor are they the worst.  Chicken is the first ingredient rather than corn, but the second is soy & there seems to be an awful lot of soy in various forms.  My dogs live outside working the farm. They enjoy going off hunting so dry food functions more as a twice a day treat or supplement to their wild diet.  There are plenty of cheap dog foods they turn their noses up to & this is not one of them.
Opening the bag I noticed there's no zip to reseal.  It would be helpful if there was even a zip closure. I had to put the bag up high because I was worried about my dog food loving cat getting in it - she was all over it. It smells like people food to me, it's got a smell that is a lot like steak.My dog eagerly ate it, even though he really shouldn't have been all that hungry.  His first taste of this was after he'd already ate his regular food.  He seemed to really enjoy it and he ate it all.  He can be picky about food and is one to turn his nose up at a lot of the healthier dog foods.  He's also the type that will leave kibble in the bowl of a certain type in a combo if he doesn't like just that type - but he ate all of this.  There wasn't a chunk left in his bowl.The ingredient list is subpar though so I can't give it 5 starts- it has corn and soy both, and it is probably filled with GMOs.  The rest looks like it is mostly animal byproducts and flavor enhancers.  For the price I'd expect it to be a bit better.  My dog has not had any gas issues or allergic reactions though - he is allergic to a fleas and who knows what else but this has not bothered him.
I did not think anything could top Rachael Ray's dry dog food that my animals would like more, but it seems I was wrong. My dogs LOVE Chef Michael's Roasted Chicken dry dog food! Although this product doesn't get a good rating on dogadvisor for protein content, which dropped my rating from 5 stars to 4, sometimes when you have picky eaters, you have to go with what they like. I will try to blend in some more healthy dog food in with the Chef Michael's to see if I can get the best of both worlds.
I have a 2 year old chihuahua, and a 1 year old something.....my husband says it's Arnold Ziffle because she looks just like him.  Anyway, I put this in their dishes tonight and it was like watching a feeding frenzy of ravenous sharks.  Yeah, I think this stuff went over pretty well.  I even tasted it myself, after reading the ingredients of course.  The first on the list was beef followed by a lot of soy products and then somewhere about 1/5 down the list was CORN.  I thought it tasted pretty good too, except for the harder green pellet like things.  They had a very harsh soy aftertaste.Since both of my dogs are very small (even Arnold), I can afford to buy the more expensive dog foods to feed them.  And I very much prefer dry over canned or moist (though the reddish meaty granules in Chef Michael's were sort of chewy) to keep their teeth clean and white and they both apparently will wolf this stuff down.It's better than a lot of dog food, but worse than others of course.  But if your dog is finicky, it might like this stuff pretty good.
I can start out by saying that my two dogs both love this food, and by their reaction, I could say it's their favorite.  There are things I like about it too.  It smells decent, and has a texture unlike any other food we've ever tried.  It is a bit softer and easier on my older dog's teeth and gums.  Most importantly, my dogs have absolutely no digestive problems after eating this, unlike some other brands we have used.  The ingredient list on the package, however. indicates it is more in line with other supermarket brands, but so does the price.  I would love to say I only buy the most premium products, but realistically I want a food my dogs like, that makes them feel good and has adequate nutrients, and this fits the bill.  I feed my dogs real meat on occasion, and buy the premium brands when I can get a sale, but I feel comfortable that this dog food is fine for most of my dog's needs.
My dog Billy QUICKLY ate (more like inhaled) the Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Dry Dog Food and came to paw me for seconds. I must admit this dry dog food looks appealing with the chicken chunks with peas and carrots garnishes. I think the visual is more for the paying human than the pooch.The yummy looking chow has:+kibbles with tender chicken pieces . BUT smart, selective dogs will pick out the tender bits,+top 6 Ingredients: chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with a form of Vitamin E, brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal,ground yellow corn ...-extensive ingredient list you need to assess if it contains items that may cause your dog problems,+caused no noticeable digestion or poop problems,+Chef Michael's Recommended serving size: 1 cup (measured) per 10 pounds of dog's weight or a mix of 2/3 cup+ 3 ounces of canned dog food,+I didn't see imported ingredients listed,+Nestle' Purina PetCare product.My family is in belt-tightening mode, including the dog. This will be part of his menu rotation more often when it's on sale.
I foster for local dog rescues so my pack is a little larger than the average home. Some of the dogs are picky eaters so I struggle to find a dog food that will please them all. Sadly Chef Michaels was not one that will make them all happy. About 75% of my dogs ate the food just fine but some of them wanted nothing to do with it. I guess it just depends on whether your dog will love it or not.
I am giving this product four stars because my dog absolutely loves it.  In fact, I'm wondering if I made a mistake ever letting her try it and if she'll turn up her nose at our usual (cheaper!) dog food now.  This is different from the usual kibble she is used to because it has both hard pieces and soft chickeny pieces all mixed together.  I didn't realize from looking at the bag what a big difference in look and texture this dog food would be compared to what I'm used to.  It looks like pieces of chicken, green vegetables, assorted bits in different colors and shapes instead of the more uniform ones.I do think that the look (both bag and the food itself) is a little misleading with the product.  Just because it looks like all that's in there is chicken and vegetables doesn't mean that's the case.  The ingredients include  animal digest and poultry by-product meat, and food coloring which I guess is for my benefit because I guarantee my pup is unconcerned.  These not great additives are certainly not limited to this brand of dog food, but if I am going to be paying more for dog food (this brand is more expensive than what I'm used to paying), I'd rather have one without them.
I have a 1 year old super picky English Setter. She is very skinny and just has never been a big eater. She was intrigued by this bag of food before I even got it into her bowl. Finally something she has no problem devouring and I love that I have finally found a food she gets excited about. Haven't had a problem with her eating! Guess that means it tastes/smells good! Now, I also have a 5 year old Shepherd/Labrador mix. I would never feed this food to him. He has all sorts of allergies, including a really bad grain allergy. This dog food isn't good for dogs that have food allergies. It is a decent quality dog food, but it has ingredients that I prefer not to be in my dog's food. (There are some great sites that explain the ingredients to look for in your dog food, I suggest you check them out!) SO, even though it is a decent quality and Luna loves it- I am probably going to stick with Natural Balance.
****When my six-year-old, seventy-pound dog, PheyeG'hdeaux, hears me opening his usual bag of Eukanuba he does wander over after a while and watch me till I've dumped several pounds into his giant feeding tub, and then he does typically aimlessly meander over to it and sniff it and eat some.  I think he's just checking to make sure I haven't added a live squirrel or a robin, both of which he's 100% sure he can catch out in the wild if he tries just a little bit harder, which he always does but which never quite works.But shortly after I opened the bag of this product, Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 4.5 Pound Bag, PheyeG'hdeaux not only RAN to the kitchen, he actively sniffed up a veritable storm as I walked a few steps here and a few steps there preparing to present him with the food that so tickled his extraordinarily sensitive olfactory palate.  He snarfed, if I'm using that term correctly, down several bites more than he would snarf up of Eukanuba, which tells me there's something special about this dog food.  I think -- and I admit I'm just guessing here -- that the Purina people have somehow managed to synthesize a special molecule or compound whose only purpose is to appeal to a dog's taste buds and smell neurons, and they've added it to the product under review.  If your dog is a picky eater, this might be a good choice.In any case it's important to consider not only taste and texture but healthfulness.  In order to test the nutritional value of Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 4.5 Pound Bag I myself went ahead and ate it exclusively for three days, and now that I'm conscious again I can report the results.First, second and third, it tastes awful.  I realize it might taste really good to a dog, especially if that dog usually eats Eukauba (but see my review of June 7, 2012, ofPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound) for years at a time with only the rarest of desserts of bunny carcass or cat poop, but as a human I can tell you here and now, without any doubt, that this product tastes awful not just after a few days, not just after a few bites, but after a few chews of the first bite.  There are different shaped bits and they are different colors, but no matter which bit you choose it will turn out to be dreadful shortly after you bite into it.  You try the first bit and it's nasty from the first chew to the last swallow.  Hopefully you try a second shape of bit, but it turns out to be even worse.  Still hopefully, you try a third shape or a different color, and it proves to be yet even more dreadfully awful-tasting.As I say, I ate nothing but Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 4.5 Pound Bag for three days, and at this time I also wish to report that my bone marrow has turned green, which the many doctors who've attended to me since this morning when I had to take myself to the emergency room because of several unusual and quite alarming alarming symptoms say is not just uncommom but downright unprecedented.  Also, they say my blood tests indicate I'm pregnant, which is a whole new problem since, as you know from previous Amazon reviews, I'm still a virgin.  I'll keep you updated, because I think we might have something here.****I subtract one star because the bag is not nearly as handy as the Beneful one.  It's not as tough, and it has no opener or closer.In case you didn't click to read my review at http://www.amazon.com/review/R1BESE8R6UU51I/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B001VJ0B0I&nodeID;=&tag;=&linkCode;=of the Beneful product, you probably should if you're ever going to get another dog or cat.  Go to the section titled AD LIB FEEDING.  Also, note that I have updated the list from seven pets to eight.
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin was a very nice, tasty change that our dog absolutely loved.He has been eating grain free Taste Of The Wild for a few months. He picks at it, and eats what he needs to, I guess, but he never "gobbles it up."  I never get the impression that he eats it and likes it - it is more like he eats it because he knows it's his food and he has to eat. He would always be really impatient, licking his lips and sitting by my feet at the stove,  when I cook dinner because he so much looked forward to his steak, pork chop or chicken breast. (Yes, I cook a fat trimmed meat serving especially for him, without seasonings, etc, and he eats dinner when we do. His food bowl is always filled as well though and he can graze as he pleases. Alot of people think this is bad, but as long as he is as healthy and muscular as he is, the vet said we are doing fine for him.)Moving onto the new stuff...I filled his dish with the Chef Michael's and he really went right into it and cleaned the bowl. It looks and smells like it would be tasty/appealing to a dog. It certainly looks more appetizing than the other food that is all one shape and size. It definitely has a meaty (although processed/artificial) smell.There is no doubt that he thoroughly loved every bit of it. He was excitied from the moment he sniffed at it as I poured it in his bowl. He sat there wagging his tail and licking his chops as I filled the container to his automatic feeding bowl - he knows he has to "wait" and keep his nose out of the bowl as I fill it. I could tell he was happy and excited to try something yummy and new. For the few days this bag lasted, he wasn't as anxious when he knew I was cooking dinner. This dog food must have satisfied his taste buds much better than the Taste Of The Wild.I do think it is more of a "treat" or junk food though and not something that I would buy continuously and feed exclusively. It is fairly pricy and the nutrition content is not totally on par with what I like for him. I mean, it's not absolutely terrible nutrition-wise, but it isn't the healthiest either. It does have some fillers, but I have seen much, much worse on the market. This at least has actual meat as the first ingredient.I plan to buy these smaller 4.5 bags occasionaly and add a handful or so into his regular food once a day or every few days, for a little extra flavor or treat. Taste Of the Wild is good for him, but it really doesn't seem as appealing as something like this Chef Michael's. We all like a little junk/fast food every now and then and I imagine our dog does as well. This 4.5lb bag lasted him about 3.5 days while he ate it exclusively. It just seems like this would be pretty expensive to feed as his regular food. If it was totally nutritious and healthy for him, I wouldn't mind the cost. Plus, I could definitely see a pet overeating it just because it (apparently) tastes so good and/or because it would provide empty calories and he would end up hungry more often/sooner between meals - just like when people eat fast/junk food.Overall, I give it a good 4 stars. I knocked the one star off for the cost/nutrition ratio.
MY dog actually liked this dry food, which is surprising because he never likes dry dog food...So clearly the makers of this product got the taste right with this. But this is definitely not something you want to feed your dog daily as it is substandard when it comes to nutritional value. BUT , I can see myself giving this a  couple times a week as a break for sure though.Overall, if your like me, with a picky dog when it comes to dry dog food, give this a try. I dont recommend giving this daily, but it could be a nice complement to your dogs regular food (if your dog likes it!).
I have 3 dogs in my house hold. My 14 month old seemed to enjoy it, the 5 year old rescue is simply glad that there is food in the house, and the 8 year old pampered priss, she took a few minutes watching the other 2 eating, she decided to give it a chance and seemed to enjoy it once she started eating it. So although it seems like a fairly decent food and healthy, it does depend on your dog and weather or not they enjoy it.
My dogs generally eat prescription dog food from the clinic I work at.  My 16 year old dog eats Royal Canine Gastrointestinal health because of his many bouts with pancreatitis.  My 6 month old puppy has been eating science diet healthy growth. The puppy doesn't seem overly fond of his health food and since he has no outstanding health issues I figured he might like to try something else.  Well after reading and approving of the ingredients (the first being chicken, the next several being variants of soy) I went ahead and gave him a meal - he loved it.  Wolfing it down as if he hadn't eaten in days.  My old dog came in to see what all the fuss was about and after a few bites became jealous and demanded some for himself.  I gave him a handful and he was thrilled.  I seen no trouble with feeding this food to a healthy dog, mine seemed to find it quite tasty.Note - The vets I work with recommend switching dogs off of Chicken, Lamb and Beef if the dog has skin allergies.  I would not use this food for a dog with skin allergies or allergic dermatitis.
Some people may find the whole idea of the "Chef Michael" line a little over the top: Gourmet food for dogs, created by a top chef. To be honest, it isn't likely that we ever would have tried this product if I hadn't been sent a sample package for review.Our dog is an 80 pound mixed Sharpei and Great Dane, and Chef Michael seems to be targeted more to smaller dogs; we would have to give our dog about eight cups a day, and that would get to be a much more costly proposition than his regular dry dog food, a generic brand (which we've lately started mixing with Purina Beneful, which I've reviewed separately).Chef Michael claims to have sirloin steak flavor with potato and green bean accompaniments. In fact, it is 26% beef, and the other items are there, but the mix contains quite a bit of filler. I just don't see the need to feed the dog much in the way of filler, or for that matter to pay for it.Certainly, the dog loves it and it serves (for us) as a great treat item rather than a mainstay of his diet. If you have a smaller dog, and don't mind the higher cost, this could be a regular meal item.But a lot of the makeup of the product seems pitched to a human taste. The beef pieces, which are processed meat, are made up to look like little pieces of steak, complete with grill marks. That's nice, but do you think your dog will notice? Will your dog recognize the potato and green bean accompaniments as he's enjoying his meal? Our dog, frankly, just eats it. He loves it but I doubt that it's because there are faux grill marks on the beef pieces.A comment on the packaging: it would have been nice if the package was resealable. And whoever came up with the photo on the front of the package really needs to go into another line of work. It makes the product look incredibly unappealing.My bottom line is that this is a nice but ultimately unnecessary product. If you want to move up from generic dry dog food, try something like Purina Beneful instead. It's less expensive, less pretentious, and the dog eats it just as eagerly.
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food claims to be more than your boring kibble and they are right.  The pieces come in a couple different shapes and sizes.  It has round crunchy kibble and more jagged shaped tender pieces (although the "tender pieces" started to get harder the less there is even though the "Best if Used By" is about a year and a half after I got the bag).  Of course the look and feel of the food does not mean anything if the dogs refuse to eat it, but both of my dogs dug right in right when I put their bowls in front of them.  The only problem I ran into was that one of my dogs is an elderly Chihuahua with many of his teeth taken out due to rotting who was slower to eat the bigger "tender pieces" and since it took him much longer to finish his dinner than my other dog, they sometimes would get in a growling match because my other dog would sit and try to finish off the bowl for the Chihuahua.
I decided to try this as my dog Pooper loved the Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog food. Pooper is 1/2 German Shepard, 1/4 Cocker Spaniel and 1/4 Boxer, he prefers a smaller kibbled dry dog food and this one is probaby I'd say medium sized kibble. It has chicken as the number one ingredient. My cats tried to eat it several times.Overall, this seems to be a good quality food, but, my dog prefers the sirloin flavor of it, so I doubt if I'd purchase it again.
I have nothing bad to report.  My dog loves the taste and seems to do well on it -- no signs of allergies or upset stomach, normal bowel movements, usual energy and good health...  I did notice that the ingredients are *not quite* as high quality as some of the expensive foods I've given my dogs in the past, but that's OK.  It's far from a "bad" dog food.  I think this product is a bit on the expensive side (perhaps because of the small size?), but otherwise I would recommend it.  Might look for a larger bag in the future -- I tend to prefer 30 pound.
My  three dogs went crazy for this food, even the chihuahua. It has a crunchy blend of filet mignon garnished with potatoes and green beans not too bad for dogs, I wouldn't mind having this every day for dinner.  It doesn't look like typical dry food.
Our dogs love this food, but I don't know if it is any better for them than any other mass produced dog food.If you are looking for a rating of the taste of this food, I can assure you that our two Pugs love it.  They wolf it down in record time (which is saying something since they are always quite fast).  Every morsel of this food seems like it is delicious to them.I am not qualified to comment on the nutrition of this food.  It seems to be very similar to all the other mass produced, shelf stable, dog food on the market.  I can't imagine it is great for them, but isn't really doing them any harm either.I recommend this food, and find that the price from Amazon is pretty competitive with other mail order dog food and even some brick and mortar retail locations.
Hard to rate dog food if you don't eat it!  My dog loves these and I actually use these as treats rather than food.  Saves me lots of money over those expensive dog treats.  The texture feels like ground beef... and it doesn't smell too bad.  I wish the bag was resealable.
I convinced my sister to stop feeding her dogPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound, after reading the ingredients in it.  She tried this one next.  It had a much better ingredients list, but her dog did not like it.  I believe because her dog is use to eating chicken or lamb.  The Beneful was the only beef dog food he had eaten in a long time, and there was so little beef, he probably didn't even taste it. I told her there wasChef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food 11.5 Pound Bag, but she instead let her husband choose the next bag of food. He bought something very expensive that had New Zealand lamb as the number one ingredient, and had absolutely no corn. The dog loves it.
Believe it or not, Chef Michael's dog food actually looks appetizing - almost like a stew or stroganoff.  My dogs love, especially the one that has a few teeth missing, as the chunks are kind of soft (but not mushy).  I have to chop it up for my little four pounder, but she just loves it too.  It just seems like this 4.5 pound bag went extremely quickly.
Certainly this is not the healthiest option, but I don't deny myself a bag of potato chips now and then, so my dogs can have a half cup of this stuff with their regular fare once in a while. They get a kick out of the large irregular shape of the chicken pieces of this food. It's easily identifiable in their bowl versus all the regular square/triangle kibbles they eat regularly, and they pick out these chicken pieces (looks like real chicken shreds) first before anything else. It's not so much "moist" as it is "dry-spongy", but the dogs seem to be ok with that. I like seeing my dogs enjoying their meal with these as occasional treats, so will continue to buy to give along with their healthier kibbles.
I gave this food to my parent's dogs (country dogs that run around outside all day - a Blackmouth Cur and a Pitbull/Heeler mix). Both of them absolutely loved it and ate it a lot faster than they normally eat their food (especially the Cur). In fact, she had to eat hers a lot faster or the Pit would have been moving in on her bowl. Usually these two dogs eat their food next to each other, maybe a little bit of snapping or trying to eat each other's food but not too much. They were crazy for this stuff and more excited than usual to eat the next day. That's a really good thing if you have a dog that is finicky but maybe not so good if you have more than one dog and one of them might want to try stealing the other's food. I don't think this is the healthiest food choice but it's definitely something that dogs enjoy and is a perfect treat (or something to mix in with other foods to get them to eat it).
The problem with Brandy is the stuff that jokes are made of.  It's not her bad breath in dogs, but rather what Pet Naturals politely calls "fecal odor."  I use a periodontal support powder for her teeth that works quite nicely.  I've purchased that sort of thing locally and on Amazon.  It's her churning digestive system and subsequent gas that is problematic.Leave it to Pet Naturals to come up with something that will help that problem as well.  I've been sampling, or rather have had my dogs and cat sample, an assortment of products with successful results.  These Breath Bites appear to have solved, for the most part, her rumbling tummy.Brandy is oblivious to the issue, but I'm not and these tiny chews have done the trick.  She'll scarf anything down rapidly and attempting to use these like Greenies is probably useless for the breath problem for a dog who will take your arm off along with a treat.  Tummy most assuredly is settling down.  The directions call for "1 chew per 50 lbs daily" so be aware of the fact that a whole chew for a tiny dog may be overdoing it.  Brandy is clueless, but I'm happy.INGREDIENTS:Active ingredients per 1 chew:Spirulina:  100mgYielding Chlorophyll:  2 mgParsley:  70 mgChampignon Mushroom Extract (Champex brand0: 30 mgYucca Schidigera Extract:  10 mgCinnamon Powder:  10 mgInactive Ingredients: brewers yeast, calcium sulfate, canola oil, chicken liver flavor, citric acid, glycerin, maltodextrin, mixed tocopherols, propionic acid, rosemary extract, silicon dioxide, sodium alginate, soy lecithin, vegetable oil.PET NATURALS OF VERMONT DOG PRODUCTS:Pet Naturals Calming for DogsPet Naturals Hip & Joint for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest For DogsPet Naturals Skin & Coat for DogsPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Best for Dogs Chicken LiverPet Naturals of Vermont Breath Bites for Dogs
My Cavalier King Charles Spaniels liked these.They did seem to help freshen their breath a bit.So all in all I would say this is a good product.
My little Chug has horrible breath. I call him stinky as a nickname. He liked these little bites as a daily treat, I didn't notice a huge difference with his breath but cleaning up his fecal matter the smell was better.  Overall its a good product and the ingredients are healthy. Anything to help my little Nugget!
First of all, this is not a treat but a supplement. The serving size on the package should not be exceeded. My dogs weigh between 55 and 65 pounds. They get one per day. I have used this the last two days. I do notice a reduction in breath odor. If these are used in conjunction with tooth brushing, the breath reduction is much better. I am not sure about the poop smell. Haven't smelled it yet. These are decent supplements. Surprisingly my picky dogs love them. No stomach to intestinal problems after eating these. Recommend.
This isn't the sort of treatment that starts showing results right away.  For that, you should stick to Greenies or a toothbrush.  These Breath Bites are more a slow working, long-term solution to dog breath.  If you use them for a week, you'll start to notice results.  I haven't stopped using them, so I don't know how quickly the bad breath returns after you stop.
These worked great for my terrier mix. It didn't eliminate the smell completely, but improved greatly. On a scale of 1-10 with 10 being smelliest, I would say it went down to a 3-2 from a 9. I thought I could notice a difference as soon as the 2nd day. These worked great without needing to be chewed on by my dog. He just swallowed the pills, and they worked that way. He doesn't seem to see the treat as the tastiest thing, but he took it and continues to take it with no great fuss when I offer him one every day. These pills work better than any dental chew I've tried in the past to improve his breath.
I have a 30 gal. tank which really doesn't get much care.  I've wanted to get rid of it for awhile so you can imagine the state of it.  I have large cichlids and they simply exist.  This product does a pretty good job of that nasty algae and the cloudiness the suckermouth catfish leaves.  Anyone who has had one of these knows they are a poop machine.  Anyway, the tank took a couple of days and started getting clean, but the wow factor came the second week after the next treatment.  Man, I might just keep this tank afterall!  The fish colors just pop and the tank looks nice and neat, as if I've spent my day on it.  That's the kind of product that I like.
This product appears to work well in fresh water tanks with a filter and pump. We have a heater in our tank and always notice some gunky stuff as the water evaporates. Using this product eliminated the gunk, but some bubbles and thin film form on the surface some times. This was especially prominent in our betta tank that does not have a filter/pump. Do follow the instructions and start with half dose the first time you use it - otherwise, you will see lots of this film (perhaps the bacteria in this cleaner form this film).
I have 2 bullheads in a 10 gallon tank and it seems no matter how many times I change 1/2 the water and keep the filters clean their water is still cloudy. I followed the directions of only adding 1/2 the recommended dosage to the 10 gallons of water for a dirty tank, then next time it says to add the full dose. I'm glad I didn't add the whole dosage of 2 capfuls per 10 gallons. It will bring the oxygen level low. Perhaps my bullheads tank was dirtier than I thought, as they started acting strangely within 30 minutes of adding this to their water. So I changed out about 1/3 of their tank water. Just the little bit that I added and whatever was left over after I changed 1/3 of their water has cleared up their water a little bit.I'm a bit hesitant to add the full dosage, as my fish acted strangely the first time with just 1/2 dosage.  I'm no fish expert by any means, but, I'd still suggest using very sparingly the first time you add to your tank.
I made sure I read the directions on this one so didn't harm my fish.  I have used only a half capful at the very most for the last three or four weeks. My water is very, very clear and I believe my filter is taking up more debris.  I have very hard water so I cleaned my tanks' inside walls before adding this stuff..wanted to really be able to see anything that might have been growing. All is looking good, should continue to get better with use as directions say.
I have a 3 -year-old, 75-pound Boxer/Pitt Mix. Joy-Joy devoured her 2 cups per meal (2 meals a day) and seemed satisfied. I disagree with the overall description - &#8216;savory, high-quality mixture of hard kibble and tender, shredded pieces&#8217; &#8211; it appears more like leftover scraps. Considering the price point it should have a better showing.I like the overall nutritional quality of this product and she very much enjoy it. She adjusted seamlessly from her traditional dry food.
What is important here is whether or not your dog will like this stuff.  My dogs do.  They arent picky though and will pretty much eat anything.  The ingredients arent horrible and while there is corn and stuff in it still works out for my dogs.  The like the stuff, they eat the stuff and they pretty much agree with me that this stuff is ok!
My two little butterballs highly recommend this food. They will do any trick you want if you are standing in front of the food cupboard. They get very excited and jump around. And truthfully, it is fun to see my dogs that happy. The cat also likes it and will try to terrorize the dogs into letting her pick out all the shredder bits. She also ate a hole in the package to get to it when someone left the door open.I prefer a food that includes more veggies. My little guys like vegetables and my vet has encouraged me to keep their veggie intake up since they are not um, slim. But this seems to be a great food and might well be worth trying for a picky eater.
dogs like this food as well and look forward to dinner time!! will have to do a long term report on how their overall condition is but so far so good.. its a weird consistency but that may be why dogs like it...something different.
First - all our dogs loved it, no picky eaters here and gobbled it up. The food itself is a mix of hard kibble and then some tender shredded pieces. Again no pieces rejected or prioritized.Purina Pro Plan offers nutrition with antioxidants and the beefs the #1 ingredient. It supports a healthy heart, strong immune and digestive system, helps for strong teeth and bones, skin and good coat and also with maintaining healthy weight.From an owners point of view, I dislike having corn, wheat, soy and other &#34;fillers&#34; in the food. You are what you eat as they say and its no different for dogs. We found our &#34;allergen&#34; dog had more itchy paws and was at them more with only a little sample of it for a week mixed into her other food. She also got an ear infection towards the end of that week, probably allergy related. So I would Not Recommend for dogs with allergies.Our sensitive tummy pup didn't have any issues. It went down fine, stayed down and he wanted more. So for sensitive stomachs, we were ok on this one. Lamb and Rice formula however did seem to be better then the Beef and Rice formula.Our older dog gets gassy on certain brands and she sure did develop some gas testing out this food. She had no stomach issues, poop issues or such, but was noticeably more gassy.Our other 2 pups had no issues, it was as if we never changed their dog food and that always seems to be the case when we try out new foods. They have no issues with their bellies, gas, weight gain or lose, etc.Besides having the corn..wheat...soy I don't think its a bad dog food. I think its just particular to some dogs and you really won't know til you try a small bag and mix it with your current dog food before changing over (easier on any belly when making a switch) We had mixed reviews here, though everyone loved it, its not best for a few of our dogs yet some its just fine for as long as the owner approves also. I try to stick with no corn or wheat so we see less allergies, gas, upset stomachs and the other dogs again it doesn't matter but we just stick to one brand that works best for everyone, and for us, it has to be a corn/wheat free brand.
I have 2 Chihuahuas.  One is 5 years old and the other is 14 and has no teeth remaining.  They both seem to like this food pretty well, although they prefer the tender, shredded pieces the best.  Right when we fill up their dish they tend to hunt for those pieces right away and leave the rest for later.  The pieces are a nice size and shape for them.  Even my dog without any teeth can eat this food without any problem.  I think it's just right for small to medium sized dogs.  The pieces may seem a bit small for bigger dogs but I'm sure it's fine for them too.My dogs seem to digest this food just fine too.  No problems in the Potty Department.I would recommend this dog food.  My dogs seem to like it well enough and it's something I'm happy to give them.
The only thing that I found with this dogfood is that my dogs don't really care for whatever the little triangle pieces contain.  Either they don't like them in particular or the other &#34;chunks&#34; are just too good not to seek and eat first!  This food has everything nutritionally correct and of course, the beef flavor is tops.  I was told by a rep that Pro Plan produces less dog waste because so much of it gets used by their bodies..we will see about that!  Believe me, the triangles do eventually get eaten!
Quality Leash!  This thing is really well built, instead of the string like cord on some retractable leashes this has a flat tape extension.  I have an old Flexi brand that looks very similar to this and is on its last leg.  Comparing the two I can say this is a bit heavier, the grip has a textured surface and is more comfortable to hold.  I do like the artwork on the leash, just makes it a little different---a wow factor at the dog park which my Schnauzer eats up. Very simple extension control, one button instead of two which, for simple minded people, like myself just makes life a little easier.  Just a great quality product with a little class!
I ordered the "small" retractable dog leash, for dogs up to 28 lbs.  I got a leash that says "small" on the attached card, but for dogs up to 48 lbs.  This is a pretty heavy-duty leash for a small dog.  It's way too big for my dog, a regular sized chihuahua.  It would be cruel to use it on a dog that weights less than 25 lbs, in my humble opinion.  So, if your dog weighs less than 25 pounds, I would not buy this leash.But, if you dog is that big, then this leash should work quite well.  It is solidly constructed, has a large, sort of rubberized grip, and a very long leash.....probably 15 feet like advertised, though I didn't measure it.  It's very long, and I doubt anyone would use the entire 15 feet of it.  The leash itself is made of black nylon and I doubt any dog could snap it, and the metal snap is medium heavy, made of metal with a good feeling spring which attaches over the dog's collar loop.  This looks like quality hardware and I'd feel fine to hook my dog (assuming I had one big enough) to the end of it.  The button on top of the black, plastic case works very well and is easy to push with my thumb.  It seems to solidly lock the leash length in place and retracts well, though I would feed it slowly back into the case to keep it from twisting.You can use this leash with either hand and other than the small size still being way too big for my chihuahua, it looks like a well-built, and well-functioning leash mechanism and has a slightly art-deco design.  I just wish it came in a much smaller size for dogs 10 lbs and under.
As soon as I took the leash out of its box I was impressed by its aesthetics and workmanship. The glossy plastic case made of recycled plastic looks and feels sturdy as well as looking stylishly attractive. I also like the feel of the coating on the ergonomically shaped handle.The retractable leash itself is a flat nylon strap, much preferable to the thin cord used on our other leashes. It's not recommended to grab the leash belt itself to control your animal, but it's certainly safer than grabbing a thin cord that's more likely to burn or cut the walker's hand.In use - I found that the nine-foot length provides better control than the 12 or 16 foot length leashes I've used previously and still use with our Shih Tzu Piper. A rambunctious youngster like Gabby needs to be on a shorter leash, especially when walking where cars need to be avoided. On a wide, open field with plenty of room to roam, I like the longer leashes.The retracting mechanism works smoothly and not as loudly as the ones on our other retractable leashes. The one button control that locks and releases the leash strap works well also. Personally I prefer a one button thumb brake that one can use to temporarily lock the leash and release it by simply lifting one's thumb.My only other criticism is the small opening for the walker's hand. The handle looks and feels very nice, but I can only fit three fingers in the opening comfortably. A little wider opening would be nice.Overall I am very pleased with this leash. In quality, function and looks, the Avant Garde leash far exceeds the 20 dollar retractable leash recently purchased at the big box pet store.
My daughter has two cats (and a dog, but that's a different story). She moved in with us, and suddenly we have become a cat family. I am not really a cat person, so we have all had a difficult transition. Her elderly male cat has been stressed and these were actually recommended by his vet.It is hard to decide how well they work (who can ask a cat if they are stressed), but he has been behaving better and was actually playing with the other cat. They seem to be calming him enough to use the covered cat litter box that she is now using, so I am pleased with their apparent effectiveness enough to give them four stars.While he eats these, he occasionally has to be coaxed, so finicky cats might not really eat these well.
These bites seem hard to me and at first my more neurotic one didn't want to eat these.  I finally broke one into smaller pieces and placed the pieces in some canned food.  That he ate.As far as calming him down, though, it seems as if these make him more sleepy, so he lays around and naps.  That is good, as before he'd spaz out over a dog waking past him.I tried these on some scared cats at the shelter I volunteer at and only half seemed to take to these right away.
One of the little kitties must have been confused because these Composure supplements are shaped like fish but smell and taste like chicken liver.There are thirty chews in a package. Each contains a combination of supplements which are supposed to calm cats.One of the boys thought it was a treat and the other wouldn't eat it, which is normal with those two.There is no discernable calming effect and to the contrary, just offering these to them got them a bit excited.
I have a cat that is a bit on the high strung side, and has a lot of stress in his life recently, so I give him one a day. Both him and my other calmer cat each enjoy eating it. It does seem to help take the edge off. It is recommend to give one a day, but can be doubled or tripled for times of more stress. I would recommend it.
Oh geez, I am SO serious.........5 years ago we rescued a tiny, starving momma cat and her 4, one week old kittens - 3 girls and a boy.  We flunked Fostering 101, I guess, because we had them all 'fixed' and kept them! All this time we have had no problems with any of them - they have been the best behaved cats.  No torn furniture, no spraying, no nothing.Then, last August we looked out the front window and there sat this little 9 month old brown tabby cat waiting for his new home.  He was a lovebug! (Turns out he was a little con artist who knew exactly what to do to get me to take him in-typical cat :) He was neutered the next day.  We had every intention of finding him a home, but he seemed to have some physical issues with his back legs. Nothing that a vet could find - maybe just born with some weakness in them.He started to spray so we invested in quite a few Feliway dispensers in every room of the house.  Kind of helped.  The 4 siblings hated the sight of him and he wanted to chase them.  He was half their size. Just a little guy. But an arrogant, pushy little guy.And then it started............Minnie, the mom of the siblings, who had always been shy and nervous, started chasing him and teasing him and he started chasing her and then it got more serious and lamps were starting to move and throw rugs were tossed about as they chased each other through the house and on and over all the cat furniture.I was not amused.  My husband was.  Minnie was acting like an 'old cougar' on the hunt for a mate and Buddy, as he is now called, didn't have a clue, but was willing to try. The result was often hysterical with him chasing her at a dead run and her stopping and him going end over end and crashing into something other than her. Nothing even resembling mating has happened or Buddy would be looking for a one cat only new home and he's a cute little guy and we haven't given up on him yet.When I saw the Vetri-Science Composure chews offered I grabbed them!  It was either try that or find an affordable kitty Xanax.The chews are large, but Buddy wolfed it down.  Minnie wouldn't touch it so I put one in a baggie and smashed it and put it on her food.  She loves Fancy Feast Appetizers so that worked.Now, while all this is going on, the other 4 cats are waiting for their 'treats', so out came the Friskies Party Treats for them.  Then out came the appetizers for them because as you know you can't give one cat something without everyone getting the same thing......We watched Minnie and Buddy and I am not going to say I saw a drastic change in behavior, but they both seemed to sleep longer that first afternoon and both seemed a bit mellow.I have tried it several times since with the same results.  I also have new Feliway dispensers in outlets all around the house so maybe it's a combination.Their antics have not stopped, but they have slowed down a bit.  Minnie has lost weight from all the running and chasing which is a good thing! If this product works for just one of them I will have it on auto-delivery!I think I am going to start giving Buddy 1 chew twice a day and see if it will help his tendency to still spray. I like the fact the chews are made in the USA.  I would not have tried them otherwise.I would like to see the chews made smaller and smoother.  Then it could be slipped in with a real treat or two for a cat.  Right now they resemble a cat horse-pill. something a small or medium dog might eat, but not a finicky cat.I will update in a few weeks because if the chews really do work for him, especially, then they are worth the purchase because I don't want either cat to be on 'medication'.All of our cats are indoor only.........
Well we got the large breed food rather then the Mature Adult food as ordered but we have big dogs so that mistake was fine!! The dogs love this food, its almost to rich for them so i blend it with our usual protein based food for active dogs and that works well. They do seem to get the farts with Science Diet, and any dog owner knows that can be an issue since I am always running them outside thinking they have to go when its just gas, but other then that its a great product. Expensive so we do not buy it anymore unless we have a coupon. 2 full size large dogs can put away a lot of food in a week and this was no longer an option!!
My 3 large breed dogs really loved this dog food. I have "Buddy" an older Blue Heeler, "Rocky" a Black & Tan coonhound and a very large Pit bull named "Hutch". They're not too picky by any means, but, they really cleaned their bowls when I fed them this dry food. I had previously been feeding them all the regular Active formula and they loved it too. I'd highly recommend most of the Science Diet dry dog foods. My aunt raised and showed Doberman's and all she would feed was Science Diet and she had several champion Dobermans. If it's good enough for those champions it's good enough for my dogs!The only thing I can find fault with is that if you are on a strict budget and have more than one dog, you will find this food a little on the pricy side. Which is unfortunately, why I no longer feed it to my dogs.
My dogs loved it the first time they ate it and (I thought I was feeding them a good quality food then) seem to be singling out the pieces of Hills that are now mixed in w/their regular food. I have been hearing so much about dogs foods not having any meat or mainly being made up of corn/grain meals that now I am checking the ingredients closer.  Hills #1 ingredient is listed as chicken protein..bag says chicken meal..so, is that ground up chicken or is it mixed w/some kind of grainmeal?  Also says pork fat is an ingredient and "pork/chicken liver flavors".  People I work with always feed their dogs this brand and all I've ever heard has been good, so I will continue to use this as long as my dogs seem to enjoy it so much, and I can afford it!
When you read the ingredients, lamb is the first. Some of the grains include rice and whole wheat.My dogs do savor the taste, so it's appropriately named.As good as it appears to be, I will stick to my dry dog food formulated especially for smaller breeds.This dog food has a higher protein amount than is required for my lap dogs, so I feel I should stick with that.
The ingredients are pretty good for a middle of the road dog food and my dog likes it. I shifted him over from another lamb and rice dry food and he didn't go through any upset that sometimes happens when you switch food. No excess gas, stools firm (dog owner talk) and like I said: he likes it. He normally has a sensitive digestion and switching foods can loosen him right up.  This isn't all loaded heavy with seventeen different types of corn and other grains like the cheaper foods are, though it does contain some of them.  Take a look at the ingredients and compare for yourself. Not a big fan of this manufacturer, but I would purchase the Pro Plan line for my boy.
This is the food we have bought for our dog for quite some time. It does contain grain and gluten, but thet does not seem to adversely affect out dog. Our vet seems fine with our food choice and our dog likes it. Compared to cheaper brands, we need less of this to feed our 70lb hound mutt and it also makes her have less bathroom outings. We're sticking with it, despite the whole grain thing.
My Lab can be a picky eater she seem to enjoy this Purina Pro Plan Dry Adult Dog Food, Shredded Blend Lamb and Rice Formula. Dry food is not her preference but she gobbled this up. Purina makes quality dog food and this large bag is a good bang for your buck. Would have been nice if the bag had a ziploc type seal considering it will be around for many weeks.
Our 5 testers have been testing this bag of dog food since we received it. Our dogs range from small to large (shih tzu - lab) and ages 1 1/2 - 8. One of our dog has a sensitive belly, one can be gassy and one other some food allergies- the remaining 2 just eat anything and nothing bothers them.First - all our dogs loved it, no picky eaters here and gobbled it up. The food itself is a mix of hard kibble and then some tender shredded pieces. Again no pieces rejected or prioritized.Purina Pro Plan offers nutrition with antioxidants and the lamb is the #1 ingredient. It supports a healthy heart, strong immune and digestive system, helps for strong teeth and bones, skin and good coat and also with maintaining healthy weight.From an owners point of view, I dislike having corn, wheat, soy and other &#34;fillers&#34; in the food. You are what you eat as they say and its no different for dogs. We found our &#34;allergen&#34; dog had more itchy paws and was at them more with only a little sample of it for a week mixed into her other food. She also got an ear infection towards the end of that week, probably allergy related. So I would Not Recommend for dogs with allergies.Our sensitive tummy pup didn't have any issues. It went down fine, stayed down and he wanted more. So for sensitive stomachs, we were ok on this one. Lamb and Rice formula always did seem to work well for those bellys.Our older dog gets gassy on certain brands and she sure did develop some gas testing out this food. She had no stomach issues, poop issues or such, but was noticeably more gassy.Our other 2 pups had no issues, it was as if we never changed their dog food and that always seems to be the case when we try out new foods. They have no issues with their bellies, gas, weight gain or lose, etc.Besides having the corn..wheat...soy I don't think its a bad dog food. I think its just particular to some dogs and you really won't know til you try a small bag and mix it with your current dog food before changing over (easier on any belly when making a switch) We had mixed reviews here, though everyone loved it, its not best for a few of our dogs yet some its just fine for as long as the owner approves also. I try to stick with no corn or wheat so we see less allergies, gas, upset stomachs and the other dogs again it doesn't matter but we just stick to one brand that works best for everyone, and for us, it has to be a corn/wheat free brand.
My four diners ranged from two lap dogs at about ten pounds, through a fox terrier at twenty-five pounds, and a bulldog mix at sixty pounds.  Their ages are one year through twelve years.  The regular diet is a high-quality grain-free dry food of a price similar to this Pro Plan.  We opened the bag and put recommended amounts in each bowl.  During the time it took to fill the bowls, the oldest member dived into the container and started to gobble. All four steadily ate until their bowl was empty.  No digestive upsets were evidenced.  The only reason for the four-star rating is due to the presence of corn products in the list of ingredients. Watching the group dine reminded me again, of why there are old sayings about the persistence of sheep-killing dogs--this stuff must taste wonderful. If any negatives develop during the consumption of this bag, I will update the review.
My dog didn't finish her meal of Purina Pro Plan Shredded Lamb and Rice Formula yesterday, so I know what she thinks of the flavor.  It's just okay - not bad enough to avoid, just something to eat when hungry.  On the positive side, I haven't seen any upset tummy, so it's gentle enough on her system.
This is an OK food, but the dogs don't gobble it up. I started by mixing it with their usual mixture of Taste of the Wild and Blue Buffalo, and then went to a separate bowl of Pro Plan, and I have noticed they only eat the Pro Plan if there is nothing left of the other mixture, so it is clear they aren't over the moon for it.Although, I am happy to report there were no upset tummies, so it was a nice, easy to digest food, which is always a plus. However, I do prefer a grain free diet, so I might not purchase this again. Still, not a bad middle of the road food plan.
My terrier mix usually eats Purina 1.  He was just as happy to eat this food.  No side effects were noticed.  He didn't seem overly excited about this but he doesn't with the Purina 1 either.  If the price is right (which I think it is), I would recommend!!
I usually give my two 100 lb. dogs Kirkland brand dog food from Costco because it has quality ingredients. They don't fall all over themselves to get to the bowl, but they don't turn their noses up to it either. I usually add some sort of cooked meat or yogurt as a treat, so they are kind of spoiled.When i put some of the Pro Plan Shredded Blend Land and Rice they immediately seemed interested.I think it was because it was something new. They picked out most of the Pro Plan from the Kirkland brand food, which says a lot about the taste. However, the ingredients are still not up to snuff with Kirkland brand. Here are the ingredients below. The ones I take exception to (low quality fillers) have an asterisk.I really don't like the additional corn. If your dog gets ear infection easily. Check their dog food for corn. One of my dogs is allergic to corn and gets ear infections when she gets too much of this stuff in cheap dog food. I'm waiting to see if it causes problems.Also poultry by-products can be anything left over in the slaughter house--beaks, feet, bones, whatever. Gross.The chemical at the bottom, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of vitamin K activity) is controversial and unnecessary.Ingredients: Lamb, brewers rice, corn *gluten meal, *whole grain wheat, *poultry by-product meal (natural source of glucosamine), oat meal, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), soy flakes, barley, dried beet pulp, fish meal (natural source of glucosamine), soybean meal, dried egg product, animal digest, glycerin, wheat bran, calcium carbonate, salt, calcium phosphate, potassium chloride, zinc proteinate, Vitamin E supplement, manganese proteinate, ferrous sulfate, sulfur, L-ascorbyl-2-polyphosphate (source of Vitamin C), niacin, copper proteinate, choline chloride, Vitamin A supplement, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, folic acid, Vitamin D-3 supplement, calcium iodate, biotin, *menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), sodium selenite.These are not in the Kirkland brand. The other thing about Pro Plan is the price. Feeding 200 lbs of dogs at this dog food price. Ouch. So, the dogs liked it, but the corn gluten meal can be troublesome for my dogs in the form of ear infections. It's better than the Pro Plan Chicken Shreds which has actual corn in the product. This one is okay, but I won't be using it as their main food.
I swear, my dogs eat better than I do. And while my dogs are hardly picky, they definitely love these treats. I am a little curious about how there is stamp on the side of the bag that says it's not for human consumption. If it's all organic meat with no wheat or additives, why can only dogs eat them? More of joke than anything, just amused me. But there aren't a whole lot of treats in the bag and they're not cheap, so I guess it just boils down to the question of how healthy should a dog treat be, and honestly, how healthy are they anyway over the next brand? I don't know, but my dogs like them and that's a success for me.
Ok.... so all the fancy name effort means nothing in the long run. I mean goodness...TEN words in the name alone... for dog biscuits! LOLOLOL However, the nutshell is pretty straightforward. The dogs like them and they have healthy ingredients in them and that is all that really matters to me! The ONLY negative I noticed is that these cookies were really hard - not just crunchy, but HARD and several of my older dogs had some difficulty breaking them down and chewing them. Even so, all the dogs in this house have enjoyed them and the biscuits did improve the Walker Treeing Coon Hound's notoriously disgusting breath issues. I would probably buy these again for the younger dogs and find something less brick like in texture for the elder statesmen in my pack.
I was kind of surprised after seeing/smelling the biscuits but both of my dogs, including my notoriously picky Chihuahua, eat them up. They seem pretty hard but my little dogs (Chihuahua and Toy Fox Terrier) didn't have issues eating them and they are just the right size snack for little doggies. The only problem I have with them is that, because they are so crunchy, after my dogs get through with them there are crumbs all over the place.
These treats are natural, which is good if you're looking for that sort of thing. I was a bit skeptical because our hound mutt wasn't a big fan of the Natural Balance dog food (we've since switched her to Blue Buffalo which she loves - I think she mostly wasn't a fan of the fish flavor). So I was skeptical of a natural doggie treat.These a pretty good sized treats. They are scored down the middle, so you could theoretically break it in two for a smaller treat or smaller dog. They are pretty hard and pretty dry though, so it might be tough. If you have a dog with gum or tooth problems, this is definitely not the treat for you.But the most important thing is that the dog likes them. Not as much as a plain ol' fake Milk Bone or some of her other stuff, but she definitely likes them.
So these treats are very hard- My older greyhound had problems chewing them ( he is 12 and I have to wet down his food, I probably wouldn't feed these too him again unless I wet them down )  But they are full of healthy ingredients I feel good about treating my other dogs with them. They come in biscuits of two, in which you break apart- My dogs acted like they were prime steak and wanted more- So other then my older dog who I believe they were too hard, I feel good about feeding my other dogs these treat!
These are apparently very tasty cookies. I have a Jack Russell mix and a Shih Tzu, and they appear to like the cookies very much.However, the cookies are like rocks. I have a difficult time breaking them apart even when they are meant to be broken apart. Each cookie is a sectioned two piece. It's impossible to break them apart further by hand.The JR mix finally succeeded in breaking down the cookie with his teeth. The Shih Tzu couldn't do it, no matter how hard he tried. Frankly, I worry he could break a tooth on these things.The ingredients look good (and they smell good), though I'm a little concerned about the palm oil--is it as bad for dogs as it is for humans?Even though the dogs seem to like them (I used a mallet to give small pieces to the Shih Tzu), I can't see buying them again. They're too much trouble.
While these are a bit hard for our 17-year old (almost toothless) dog to chew, our much younger (and larger) black lab really enjoys these treats.  Lady could smell them even before I opened the bag, and she was begging for them before I got the bag opened.  Talk about an impatient dog!  These treats are hard, like a biscuit, but with a rectangle shaped (about 1 1/4" x 2"), and they're scored in the middle.  The score in the middle makes it easy to break in half for smaller dogs.  Those are all the reasons my dog likes these treats.The reason I like them?  Organic ingredients make these treats healthy for my dog.  I love that I can give her a healthy treat that she loves.
The real reviewer - Indiana Jones (aka Indy Bear) a 13ish mix that came straight from the humane society.  Over the last 12 years Indy has been through cancer, hip displaysia, severe arthritis, and several tummy issues that his vet referred to as "garbage gut" and now he's lost his hearing.Did I mention that he's a pudgy dog?  Maybe its spending the first year of his life in a pound, but even now - he LOVES to eat.  So when the opportunity to try a new snack came along, he informed me that it was my only choice.I do like that these are organic... not that my dog cares. But I still would prefer if the first ingredient was a meat or meat based product.  My dog has canine teeth made for gripping, tearing, and scissoring which means that the rest of his body is set up for the consumption of MEAT.  Not corn, potatoes, barley etc.  Now granted the ingredients in here are far better than a milkbone, but you pay for them as well.These come in a nice little rectangle shape that is scored down the middle (like a short fat graham cracker) I didn't bother breaking it at the score because he would know and not leave me alone until the other half appeared.  Needless to say - they are VERY hard, but apparently quite tasty.  I don't know that a little dog, or a baby puppy could eat them but since Indy is a 60lbs Australian Shepherd/Springer Spaniel mix (with a smattering of other doggies in there too) he had no trouble eating them.  Much like all food it disappeared quickly with little to no facial expression so I can only assume that they must be okay.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to purchase these - I did like that they came in a bag rather than a box, but would have preferred a more "green" bag rather than plastic.  If you are going to go organic, then go all the way and give me some eco-friendly packaging.Much love to Newman's for being on the right track and trying to offer us healthier food for our four legged family members.
My Malamutes aren't too picky, except one who hates peanut butter, so I decided to try these treats.  Very hard and crunchy biscuits of a decent size.  If I have one complaint, they're so hard I can't break them in two and have to give the whole treat to my dogs.  Beyond that, my dogs like them and think they're pretty good.  So, they would give it 5 stars and I would give them 4 stars, making it 4 1/2 stars.
My terrier mutt Ray loves these.  I haven't tasted them myself so I can't comment on the taste.  They are very hard which Ray loves.  My only complaint is that I wish they were either smaller or scored so I could break them in half.  They are too hard and thick to break in my hand...I love that these do not smell and seem just as good to ray when I have left the bag open... he doesn't complain of them being stale.
These definitely work as treats, since my dog is very excited to get one.However, even though they are scored to break easily, they only break once, and half of one of these is still too big for a small treat for my 18-lb dog.  Half is about twice the size (or more) of several other brands of treats I have around, so I think these may be extra-big.  Might be great for big dogs who can barely taste regular sized treats!My other complaint is that the name of the product should be "Barley and Lamb" dog treats, since the first two ingredients are in that order.  Otherwise, though, the ingredients are pronounceable and look very healthy and I feel good about this dog treat....as long as I want to give her a BIG treat!
Pros: All three of my cats love the Grilled Tuna Treats. I have one cat that only eats dry cat food, he doesn't eat people food and rarely eats can cat food when I give it to them. He is just satisfied with dry cat food. But, when I gave him this he was instantly hooked and when he was done eating his share he was following me around wanting more.The back of the package says it is good for dogs too, so I gave my dog some as well so he didn't feel left out and he also liked it. So all pets loved it.Cons: The package is poorly designed. As soon as you rip open the top juice starts to leak out. I was trying to open the resealable part and I had to get through juice to get to it.This treats comes in three long tuna sticks. While it might be okay to toss a stick to my dog, the sticks were too big for my cats. So I had to tear apart the sticks with my hands and it was not appealing.It does easily reseal, but I wish it was packaged in a better way so I didn't have to dip my hands in the juicy bag and pull out a stick. But, all my pets loved it so I gave it four stars.
Three large sticks of grilled tuna - how can any pet not like this?  All of my cats LOVE Petite Cuisine's Grilled Tuna.  They even gobble it down when served as leftovers.  I did not try the grilled tuna on my dogs (dogs are NOT picky).The packaging is horrible.  The idea is great because the tuna sticks are in a "resealable" bag; however, no matter how much I tugged, I could not open the bag.  I had to cut it open & put the bag inside a plastic bag for storage.  The results are messy & my hands smell like tuna after feeding the cats.I break up the tuna & serve it in kitty portions as a treat.  Happy cats.  Smelly hands.5 stars for the product itself.  3 stars for the packaging.
I let my two cats try this today and their opinions were mixed. One absolutely loved it and was looking at me like "More! More!" The other wasn't thrilled until I sprinkled some of his regular dry food on top. (He happens to have never cared for tuna or any type of seafood, so I wasn't surprised by his reaction.) As long as your cat likes tuna, he/she is probably going to really enjoy this treat. I like that it's pure, dolphin safe tuna with no added ingredients, preservatives, colors or flavors. It comes in a ziplock top bag. (Zip bag tightly and refrigerate after opening) It's a nice size bag for several good size servings. Although it's a bit on the pricey side, I'll definitely get this again for an occasional special treat for my tuna loving cat.
What you get when you open the bag of treats is a package with three tuna strips/slices inside a vacuum sealed bag. I tried to rip the plastic packet open and ended up spilling tuna juice, and had to put the leftovers in a separate container for future use which is inconvenient. My cats do love it and always seem to want more, but the packaging is a bit poor.
This seems to be a very good product but no different from any regular can of tuna.  I could pay a lot less and buy a can of tuna that will last me just as long for much less.  There are basically 4 strips of tuna in the zip lock bag. Which for me was very difficult to open after ripping the top off as directed.  I thought I could pull an entire strip of tuna out but as soon as I went to pull it out of the bag, the tuna strip fell apart and on to the floor.  That is how I found out that my dog loves tuna.  : )  The quality of the meat was good and the pets liked it so that is why I gave it 4 stars.  The fact that I can buy a can of tuna for much less made me take one star away.
Most of us love our pets. Certainly, my feral cat is a lot of fun. She looks just like the feral cat photo that Wilikipedia used to run. A hopeless mishmash of tan, red, brown, black long haired fur, she'd be funny looking if I didn't take her so seriously. Big green eyes, 3 tan feet and one blackfoot, she seems to like it here. Could be the fenced in yard, mowed grass, no dogs & 2 square meals a day have something to do with her daily return, year after year.You'd think a kitty in the wild wouldn't be choosy. Well, she has her likes & dislikes like all felines.But she did like this tuna. Petite Cuisine makes nice products, but they can be pricey. Certainly this is priced at the special treat/splurge rate.It's a good thing perhaps that feral cats do not read labels and she can just happily gulp  down this treat with nary a care.
My 2 dogs got a hold of this before  the cat, so what can I say.  The doggies ate it right up.  It's large thick slices of tuna in oil in a package.  About 4 slices.
I have two long haired cats, a Persian and a Himalayan, and my mother's short haired calico.  I have had good experiences with this company and decided to try this supplement, designed to support skin and coat health. The fish shaped chews come in a resealable package that actually does close tightly. They have a fairly strong yeasty odor, not unpleasant but definitely noticeable. They seem to have the consistency of moist kibble, a bit firm but chewy. The cats loved them and wanted more than the directed single chew daily. The chews contain vitamin E as well as omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids. As none of the cats has any skin or hair problems, it is hard to gauge the effect of these supplements. The cats do love them and the ingredients seem to be quality so I award this product four stars. Recommended.
Pet Naturals of Vermont is one of those brands I've come to trust and don't hesitate to purchase them for my animals.  My cat, however, is very finicky.  In spite of being "natural," the Pet Natural Skin & Coat Supplement for Cats is anything but natural for her.  I have used, along with her regular dry food, the hairball supplement as well.She likes only one of the treats and in order to get her to eat this, I have to cut it up smaller in order to disguise.  I like especially like the addition of things like the salmon oil and vitamin E.  Glancing at the ingredients I see many things that are all natural, nothing I wouldn't ingest myself.  I only want the best for my cat and Pet Naturals seems to have a little corner on the market in that department.INGREDIENTS:Brewers dried yeast, glycerin, natural duck flavor, flaxseed, dried ground carrots, dried ground alfalfa, safflower oil, lecithin, vitamin E supplement, dehyrated kelp, parsley, green tea extract, maltodextrin, sodium alginate, calcium sulfate, garlic, canola oil, salmon oil, mixed tocopherols (a preservative), propionic acid (a preservative).PET NATURALS CAT SUPPLEMENTS:Pet Naturals  of Vermont Daily Best for CatPet Naturals of Vermont Hip and Joint for CatPet Naturals of Vermont L-Lysine Chews for CatsPet Naturals of Vermont Calming For Cats SoftchewPet Naturals of Vermont HairballPet Naturals of Vermont UT Support for CatsPet Naturals of Vermont Skin & Coat For Cat SoftchewsPet Naturals of Vermont Smelly CatPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest Fish-Shaped Chews for Cats
I have 4 cats and 2 have been taking the supplements once a day.  It does seem to make their coat softer. The duck tasting chew seems to be an acquired taste, all my cats smelled it and looked at me as if I was kidding when I put it down. I began to place one in a bowl of soft food and the cat would eat around it before finally consuming it. They didn't seem to mind after eating it.
Looks like this supplement works, my cat's hair is softer and she doesn't shed as much as before. Maybe it's winter time and they keep the fur for colder months?
Once we got past the wariness of something new in their water bowl, my dogs love this little fountain of clean water in their bowl.  My husband says that this product is well made and was extremely easy to get started using.  I believe it is available in different colors.  Ours is white----although I am not one of those folks that care about the color of this sort of item.  The important thing is that I feel that this product draws the dogs interest to the water bowl and thus they drink more water.  This is a good thing.Consider one of these for your pet.
I have 2 dogs that share a ware bowl. We used to see hair and other items floating in the water bowl. We try to daily clean the water but somehow the water would always be dirty the first time the dogs took a drink. I got this filter and the dogs water is always cycling and looks fresh. The one thing I don't like about this is the bowl I use, if my dogs drink a little water I need to fill the bowl ack up so the "minimum" water level isn't reached and the pump burns up.Bottom line, it does a great job and I can tell the water looks much cleaner and my dogs seem to like it better as they are drinking more water.
I have the blue Cat Drinkwell Hy-Drate. It does take a bit of time for the cats to get used to the bubbler when you place it in their water bowl. There is still some playing going on at the water fountain so I also consider this as a recreation for them too!  Cats are so particular about having fresh water everyday. Having an upright self waterer didn't work for us because the cats would stop using after a day or two and start trying to drink out of the toilet :(  We keep the bubbler covered w/enough water that it just makes ripples now and refill as level lowers.  The filter gets out tiny particles and is supposed to remove chlorine and any odors.  I haven't seen any hairs floating either.  Filter supposed to last a month, probably depends on how many cats and yr water. I definitely like the cat Hy-Drate and they seem to like it too.
This is a great dog food for the price. The food number one ingredient is lamb meat. Meat is the best thing you can give your dog and this has it in a good dose. The test for any dog food still is "How much do the dogs like it", no matter how much i like it, if the dogs dont, then it wont do. The dogs love this. My dog eats this with gusto. However, i have not tried it long enough to say anything about it's visible health and nutritional benefits. However, ingredients are good, dogs eat it well and it is a bargain!
If you have a dog who is struggling with allergies, you might want to try this mix. However, it is NOT just six ingredients - just check the label.Since lamb and rice is something not all dogs enjoy, you might want to find a store that offers samples before you try your dog on this. However, my vet has given us instructions on dealing with finicky eaters. You don't feed "on demand." Instead, you put the food out for ten minutes, then pick it up. Start by mixing the food (the current & new) until your dog adjusts.With small dogs, we feed twice a day, so we give limited time at each meal. While the dog may originally turn their nose up, when they get hungry, they will eat.A nice combination of ingredients, and lots of vitamins.
One of our most beautiful and kind dogs developed allergies during the past few years of his life and I turned the house upside down and inside out trying to figure out what he was allergic to, in order to alleviate some of his discomfort. His groomer finally found the problem - his food.This dog, a cocker spaniel named Sebastian, was able to get through almost any obstacle to get to the cat food, which ironically was for digestive issues. He followed all the children around the house and the yard because he knew they inevitably left a trail of, if not breadcrumbs, at least everything else under the sun that a dog might want. And I too, was exacerbating the problem by throwing an 8 pound bag of meat shaped dog foods into the container of dog food. I just thought they liked to mix it up a bit. And then, there were the snacks... It just seemed endless, the number of things I found that were causing his allergic reactions.At one point, I was cooking chicken breast for him for his meals. Then his groomer suggested Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover's Soul Dry Dog Food for Adult Dog, 35 Pound Bag and this food really helped him.We have two new puppies in our house now and I have been monitoring all of the food we give them. I never want them to go through the kind of suffering Sebastian did. Yes, his doctor did say many of his problems were caused by being an overbred fluffball, but he said it kindly, so as to not hurt Sebastian's feelings.Dogs need a simple diet, especially early in life, to avoid problems later.And yes, they liked this food. But then, they eat anything. One of them eats cat poop, so what do they know?
We normally feed a home-cooked meal to our dogs, but just like everyone else, there are days when schedules get a bit weird, as well as when traveling to visit friends/relatives, and things aren't so easy to cook their dinner.  We needed a go-to food to use in between, as well as for treats/snacks on occasion.  We've tried other Rachel Ra Nutrish foods, and they worked well, but this one is definitely their favorite.Two of our dogs are extremely picky eaters and to satisfy both of them consistently is a difficult task.  One or the other may even reject home cooked food for a day or two!  This food is very appealing to both of them, and does it consistently.  I guess they think Rachel Ray is a better cook than I am?With the limited ingredients, I feel more comfortable feeding it to them as well.  There are few worries about allergic reactions or digestive upsets.I definitely recommend this food for anyone who has picky eaters with intolerances to some foods.  It's great.
Rachel Rays products are the best. This is the first time that I got any of her dog food products-to be honest I did not even know that she made them! LOLAs with the other Rachel Ray dog food that my dog has tried-this one seems to be a hit.  He is kind of a picky eater so I have to be careful.Thanks Rachael!
When our smaller-than-normal-size Miniature Schnauzer saw he had something new in his bowl, he got excited. Not as excited as when he foundChef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food 11.5 Pound Bag, and not as excited asRachael Ray Nutrish Dry Dog Food,  Chicken & Vegetable Recipe, 6-Pound Bag, but that stubby little tail was still waggin' double-time!This is a side of our dog we had never seen when we fed him only Hills Prescription i/d.  He really wanted to eat this stuff!  Here's a little history:  Back when our dog was about 1 1/2 years old, he had some kind of gastrointestinal attack.  It was a scary 48 hours for all of us.  After $1000+ in vet bills, we still had no understanding of what happened.  Did he eat something he should not have?  Would the problem re-occur?  (Personally, in hindsight, we thought maybe he ate a seed from a Mountain Laurel.)  End result, though, was the vet put him on Hills Prescription Diet i/d.  He's been eating it now for 2-3 years.  That and any cut raw veggie he can get his teeth on.  His favorite is carrot coins, but he will scarf up cucumber, celery and zucchini slices; he will steal sugar snap peas,  green beans, swiss chard and bok choy from my garden basket while I'm harvesting.  While we can't keep him away from the veggies, we have to pick him up and place him in front of the Hills i/d and cajole him to eat it.So, we had been toying with the idea of taking a chance and switching it out for something else.  But what dog food to choose?  Then along came a few opportunities to sample some new dog foods.  The first he tried was the Chef Michael's Chicken, and then we compared it to the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand Chicken and Veggies. Then we tried this Just 6 Limited Ingredient Recipe.  With just six ingredients, I would have thought that it would have the most protein of all the foods, but it actually has the least:  Chef Michael's Chicken has 28%, Rachel Rays Nutrish Chicken has 26%, Hills i/d has 22% and this Just 6 has 20%.  It is made of Lamb, rice, beets, poultry fat and chicken "flavor".  Serving size is about the same for all four foods.I think this food is formulated for dogs that have temperamental digestive systems that function best with a limited amount of ingredients.  Some dogs need to avoid corn, wheat and soy.  Plus there are no artificial anythings in this food.We will finish off the rest of this bag of Just 6, but since our dog likes the chicken dog foods better, and since he is having no issues with the higher protein food, I think we will pass on this Just 6 in the future.  After all, with all the fresh veggies he eats, he surely doesn't need the 7% fiber that this food provides.We've only been testing new dog foods for a month now--some of it spent in changing over from one food to the next--and we realize it is not long enough to really know whether we can permanently get rid of the Hills i/d, and I will update this review further down the line.  But, so far, so good:  We're glad we took a chance and made a change--away from Hills.
Rachel Ray is known for her cooking shows,etc. and it now she has her own dog food line.My pooches liked it well enough.Recommended
So far my dog likes Rachael Ray's Nutrish Just 6 Limited Ingredient Dry Dog Food, Lamb & Rice Recipe but she is a picky eater and she doesn't seem to love it which usually means after a while she won't eat it. We shall see. I am happy with the ingredients overall except the lamb meal and chicken "flavor". Would prefer real meat.Very happy that it doesn't contain "animal by products and animal digest". Hopefully, she will continue to "like" this food and if so, I will continue to purchase it.
I was pleasantly content with the score this dog food gets from DogFoodAdvisor and similar analysis.  Three out of five stars there, which makes me feel it's a more than decent value for the price point.  There are few enough ingredients here that I am comfortable feeding my dog this, though it's not precisely my first choice.My dog is medium sized (some would say large)---she's a Golden Retriever.  And though Goldens are actually bred to have a soft mouth and smaller teeth than many dogs their size (her teeth are certainly smaller than any Scottish Terrier's!), her almost nine year old teeth are still healthy and strong.  So, she had no issues with the siz and hardness of this kibble.  However, petite furbabies (poms, pekes and the like) would likely struggle.  Also, geriatric dogs or those with dental issues might find an issue.  It's a large kibble.My dog was very curious when I opened the box and the bag.  She likes it, but given options doesn't seem to prefer it to her usual food.I would consider buying this food, and probably will on occasion to "mix it up" (and because it's available at the sorts of stores that are open after my pet supply store closes), but it's not my first choice, and I won't be switching her regularly.Not a bad option.  Not excited about it, but not bad.  Avoid if your dogs mouth is petite or teeth are weak.
Neither of my dogs, a Chihuahua and a medium sized mix breed are very picky eaters (one was as a puppy but has grown out of that phase), both ate this right up after putting their bowls down.  The Chihuahua is an older dog who is missing his fair share of teeth and he had no problem eating these normal hail sized pieces.  Although for a produced labeled "Just Six" the ingredient list is pretty lengthy with hard to pronounced names (I guess that is the "+ vitamins and minerals" part of the label).  But the bag is just the right size to feed both of my dogs for about a month.
When I ordered this admittedly, I didn't read all the ingredients. I just saw the name "JUST 6 Limited Ingredient" and thought, "how cool, just 6 natural ingredients"... but that is hardly the case. There are quite a few ingredients in this dog food that I can't pronounce, let alone spell! The name of this dog food is a bit misleading in my opinion.Though, my dog seems to like it fine but, not as much as his usual. My dog Pooper, is 1/2 German Shepard, so he's a fairly large dog (around 70 lbs). Though, he prefers a smaller kibbled dog food. This dog food has a small round kibble, which would be appropriate for a tiny dog as well as a larger dog. I found that this dog food seemed to last a longer time than my dog's usual dry food. It seemed to take less of this food to fill him up, compared to his usual.Pooper seems to like this food, and he will clean his bowl. I'd definitely buy this one for him again if I couldn't purchase his regular dog food.
My dog does not really like dry dog food. I guess she has been spoilt on home made cooking. It is difficult to always have home made cooking ready and available at all times, so i needed a dry dog food that is both nutritious and appealing to my dog. Rachael Ray  Turkey  recipe fits the bill.  The ingredients reveal a careful selection to give the dog the best, and what really works for me is my Dog likes it. Finishes her servings and usually wants some more.
The dogs love this food, however upon reading ingredient you can see it is made from the same things generic or cheaper foods are so do not be fooled by the price or what it says in the description. It is something I would not buy but will get from Vine. your paying for the celebrity endorsement.
Quality food that you can feel good about feeding your dog and at a price that helps with the budget.  Real Turkey is the first ingredient.  It says that it's for maintaining a health weight (weight control) in mature dogs.  My 10 year old yellow Lab loves it.  I've also tried my papillon on it (the size of the chunks is small enough for her), but she doesn't like the taste.  That's the only reason that I dropped a star.  I haven't used it long enough to comment on the weight control aspect, but my Lab is at least maintaining his weight and not putting on pounds.  I think it's worth giving it a try.
I have 2 dogs, one is an older sheltie mix and the other is a chihuahua. We have been feeding the dogs a food from my local feed store. My dogs have been eating this brand for over a year and they like it. But I had the chance to try this Rachael Ray food out so I took the chance.Nutrition wise it looks good, the price IS cheaper than the food I have been using. The chihuahua which is like a garbage disposal not surprisingly ate the food up. The older sheltie mix did seem to like the new food as well.I'll continue feeding my dogs this food for now and as long as there are no adverse reactions I may stick with it.One important thing I look at in everything I feed my dogs now is where is it made. A lot of bad things are coming from overseas. I can confirm based upon reading from Rachaels site that this Nutrish food is made in the USA. Here is the "answer" in the FAQ section of her site."Rachael Ray Nutrish is manufactured by Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, a family-owned and operated company that has been making quality pet foods for five generations. In fact, all we make are pet food and treats. Everything is made right here in the USA in our own manufacturing facilities."
Rachael Ray's line is carried by most grocery stores and online making it easy to purchase at your weekly food trips. Its a good balance of nutritional value and the price I would rate is in the middle. I've seen cheaper food (but less nutritional) and more expensive food (more nutritional) as well. So its a good happy medium. We have 5 dogs... and they all enjoyed eating the food, they had no issues with it, and they kept their same weight compared to eating their normal food thats just regular food.Based on serving size I would say their normal meals with another brand give a little less food per serving. Where as with Rachael Ray's line although its weight control, they offer more food per serving. So their weight stayed the same probably because they ate more of it I would assume.When purchasing a weight control food I'd recommend talking to your vet about your choices and when you purchase a brand compare serving sizes too. All in all I'd say this was a good choice for food. It did keep their weight even though it was more food, so it indeed it kept them at a "healthy weight"
Recently my pack of dogs has tried several of the Rachel Ray brand dog foods. I have several dogs and some of them are picky eaters. I always hand out just a few kibble to eat dog when we try new food just to see who is going to eat it and who will not. Out of our 8, only 5 of them were interested in the food, that is better than half. So for us, this isn't the right brand of food, but for someone else with less dogs or less picky dogs this would be a great food to try.
There are pros and cons to this product, which was created by celbre-chef Rachel Ray as a healthy-weight alternative pet food.Pros: The bag highlights that it contains real turkey and veggies, which is true - the number one ingredient is deboned turkey, then turkey meal.  There are also things like dried peas and dried tomatoes, although those are considerably lower on the ingredient list, so I don't know how many veggies are realistically in there.  My dog did like the food fine, although not as well as she liked the food that she had been eating immediately before this.Cons: While the first two ingredients are meats, the next several are all grains, meaning they comprise a significant amount of the ingredients (ingredients 3-8 = brown rice, ground rice, ground corn, soybean meal, dried beat pulp, and corn gluten meal, whatever that is!)  This is certainly not unique to this dog food brand, but 1) I know some people believe in limiting the amount of grains their dog eats and 2) I can't see paying so much for a brand of dog food when it still has a decent number of the same ingredients, albeit in different proportions.  Also, the food is so uniform and boring!  Even the big name brands through some different (looking at least) pieces in there for varieties sake.  This is just all identical small brown balls.
I have old, very finicky dogs, so I am always trying out new foods to get them to eat consistently. The gold standard of palatability (for my dogs at least) isHalo Spot's Stew Natural Dry Dog Food, Adult Dog, Wild Salmon Recipe, 4-Pound Bag, and this Rachael Ray dog food isn't going to de-throne it; but at only 2/3 the price for 50% more food it's a pretty good alternative. The quality of the ingredients is fairly high -- not organic or all-natural, and not full of all the holistic ingredients of Halo, but MUCH better than other grocery brands likePEDIGREE Adult Complete Nutrition Dry Food for DogsorPURINA Beneful Original Dog Food, 15.5-Pound. The first two ingredients are de-boned turkey and turkey meal (turkey meat that has had bones & water removed); corn, which is indigestible to dogs, doesn't appear until the fifth ingredient. It does use beet pulp as a sweetener, so like most kibble it causes red tearstains, and it doesn't have any nutritional additives like glucosamine for joint health, but overall this is a really good food for the price.
The Nurtish food seems to be better than most dog foods widely available.  There is a balance between convenience, price, and nutritional value.  There are more wholesome foods available from your vet or from pet stores, but they are a lot pricier.  This brand is available in most grocery stores, Walmart, etc, and is more nutritious than the other brands next to it on grocery store shelves.  Dogs seem to like it, and this will help overweight dogs drop some weight, provided you follow portion recommendations.
The only thing worse than a gassy german shepherd is a gassy german shepherd in the backseat of your car on a cold winter's day. Yes, you can turn off the heat and open all the windows if you don't mind freezing. Or you could wear a gas mask and risk unwanted law enforcement attention. Or you could try these little duck flavored chews.  Containing digestive enzymes and probiotics, these little bone shaped chews appeal to my dog. She loves them. The package warns that they are a supplement not a treat. Dosage is based on weight and the product is provided twice a day. Neater than yogurt, the chews come in a resealable pouch that actually does reseal. My one quibble is that the bones in the package I received appeared to be  different sizes.These worked well with my dog, markedly reducing her gassiness. She seems to enjoy them and as a result, we both can enjoy riding in the car. Recommended.
My dogs graze and can eat whenever they want.  We rotate our high-end foods around every few weeks.  Sometimes this rotation gives them softer poop.  One of these a day for the dog with sensitive stomach seems to have done the trick, and he liked eating the treat as well.  The treat is small, though, so giving him one of these was like feeding him a small vitamin pill.  While I did see an improvement, I'm also wondering if rice and yogurt could reap the same benefits.
Thank you Amazin' Amazon Vine and Pet Naturals of Vermont for the opportunity to review this great product for my much loved fur baby.  The ingredients was missing on this website so I have included that information below in my review.My dog loves duck-flavoredPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest Bone-Shaped Chews for Dogs.  They are a supplement not a treat, so only 1 chew per day if your dog is under 20 pounds.  If dog is between 20 and 50 pounds, he/she can enjoy 1 chew in the AM and 1 chew in the PM.  If your dog is over 50 pounds, he/she gets 2 chews in the AM and 2 chews in the PM.  You get 60 chews in this package.These chews are great-tasting.  I didn't try one but my dog told me so by begging for more. The package says they are duck flavored and I will take their word for it.DAILY DIGEST contains a full complement of digestive enzymes along with beneficial probiotics to support digestive tract health.  DAILY DIGEST has been designed to be used on a daily basis, to support digestion, to help counter day to day stressful situations including traveling, kenneling, training and after antibiotic therapy, de-worming and for digestive challenges.Guaranteed Analysis per Chew Represents Minimum Levels UnlessOtherwise Stated:Moisture (max)  6.4 %*Amylase (Aspergillus oryzae) (min)  8662.5 FCC DU1*Protease (Aspergillus oryzae) (min) 30,387.5 FCC HUT2*Lipase (Aspergillus niger) (min)  343.75 FCC LU3*Cellulase (Trichoderma reesei) (min)  123.75 FCC CU4*Lactase (Aspergillus oryzae) (min)  398.75 FCC LacU5*Hemicellulase(Trichoderma reesei)(min) 137.5 FCC HSU6*Bromelain (Pineapple) (min)  5,500 FCC PU7*Papain (Papaya) (min)  500 USP PU8*Bacillus coagulans (min)  41,666,667 CFU /gram*Not recognized as an essential nutrient by the AAFCO Dog Food Nutrient Profiles.Ingredients: maltodextrin, soy lecithin, ground oat groats, ground malted barley,ground pearled rice, ground rye groats, water, natural duck flavor, oat meal,arabic gum, brewers dried yeast, canola oil, glycerin, dried Aspergillus oryzaefermentation extracts, dried bacillus coagulans fermentation product, driedAspergillus niger fermentation extract, dried Trichoderma reesei fermentationextract, pineapple stem (source of bromelain), papaya (source of papain),pectin, sorbic acid (a preservative), propionic acid (a preservative), mixedtocopherols (a preservative), aloe vera gel concentrate, sodium alginate,calcium sulfate.1 Amylase FCC VI DU (Dextrinizing Unit): FCC - for non-bacterial alpha Amylase. A DUis defined as the number of grams of soluble starch dextrinized per hour at 30oC andpH 4.6.2 Protease FCC VI HUT Assay (Hemoglobin Units on Tyrosine Basis): FCC - for fungalproteases. Based on a 30-minute hydrolysis of a hemoglobin substrate at pH 4.7 and40oC.3 Lipase FCC VI LU (Lipase Units): FCC - The assay is based on the potentiometricmeasurement of the rate at which the preparations will catalyze the hydrolysis oftributyrin.4 Cellulase FCC VI CU (Cellulase Unit): FCC - Assay is based on the enzymatichydrolysis of the interior &#946;-1,4-Glucosidic bonds of a defined carboxymethyl cellulosesubstrate at pH 4.5 and 40oC, measured by a reduction in viscosity.5 Lactase FCC VI ALU (Lactase Unit): FCC - assay is based on a 15-minute hydrolysisof an o-nitrophenyl-&#946;-D-galactopyranoside substrate at 37oC and pH 4.5.6 Hemicellulase FCC VI HCU (Hemicellulase Unit): FCC - One Hemicellulase Unit (HCU)is defined as activity that will produce a relative fluidity change of 1 over 5 min in alocust bean gum substrate at 40oC and pH 4.5.7 Bromelain FCC VI PU (FCC unit of Bromelain Activity): FCC - One FCC Unit of Bromelainactivity is the activity that releases the equivalent of 1 &#956;g of tyrosine per hour from aspecified casein substrate under the condition of the Assay.8 Papain USP 34 PU (USP unit of Papain Activity): USP - One USP Unit of Papain activityis the activity that releases the equivalent of 1 &#956;g of tyrosine from a specified caseinsubstrate under the condition of the assay.This product contains sources of Pepsin, Papain, Bromelain, Protease (hydrolyzesproteins) and Lipase (hydrolyzes triglycerides).My dog loved these supplements and I would recommend them.  However, my home is as allergen-free as it can be and these supplements are not gluten-free as they contain oat and rye and they also contain soy.  Because of that, I prefer to spend more money for a higher quality canine probiotic with more microorganisms and will continue to useVetri-Science Probiotic Everyday Bite Size Chew for Dogs, 60-Count.  The chews are quite a bit bigger, chicken-flavored, and doesn't have the digestive enzymes but has exponentially more beneficials.  It is more expensive and if you need a more value-priced supplement and don't have anyone in your household with allergies, you can't go wrong with Pet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest Bone-Shaped Chews for Dogs; it is money and time well spent.  Your dog will thank you for it.Thank you Amazin' Amazon Vine and Pet Naturals of Vermont for the opportunity to reviewPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest Bone-Shaped Chews for Dogs
I will do anything I can to make my darling 14 year old minature fox terrier have a happy and healthy and long lived life.She loves treats and we use these as a once a day treat after going out for one of her walks.  The hook for me was the enzymes (bacillus coagulans, a bacteria)and probiotics for digestive tract health.
I love that the bag says not to blame the dog if they're having tummy troubles. So true! We all feel a little poopy sometimes.Anyway, I give one of these to my dog (a 60 lb hound mutt) if she's having tummy problems, and they do seem to help. She likes them, so they must taste good. Note that they are TINY - like fingernail sized. It's like Activia for dogs, I guess.This is another product from Pet Naturals that I'm impressed with. (I also like their 'calm' cat and dog treats.) Keep it up, guys!
First of all, I've deducted a star from this review only because the package we have contains clumped together little bone shaped chews and some that are simply pieces of little bone shaped chews.  Other than that, I highly recommendPet Naturals of Vermont Daily Digest Bone-Shaped Chews for Dogsfor dogs with digestive difficulties.  Our adult Shih Tzu has needed to be on a kibble diet of food formulated for dogs with sensitive stomachs or digestion for the past couple months -- started it a few weeks after adopting her because of reactions to other foods.  We haven't identified food allergies and by also limiting grains, this seems to work for her.  She also receives a little plain yogurt in the morning, but we hadn't until now tried probiotics specifically create for dogs.  These little (about 3/4" long) soft chews remind me of the heartguard chunks Zhaba receives monthly.  She likes these about as much, so giving them as a "reward" for something hasn't been successful.  Instead, I put one torn in half in her kibble with both morning and evening meals.  The main advantage for us, is that when she is not at home at mealtime or boarded, these can be included with her individually bagged meals of kibble and the yogurt isn't necessary.  We're happy to have these and more happy that she hasn't reacted to the oat or rye based formula!
First of all, my Golden Retriever gives these "two paws up."  She gives the flavor her endorsement.  As a matter of fact, she begged for more.  So, dog tested, dog approved.Also, these do seem to aid in digestion.  Happy with that.Size: TINY.  Really well suited for small dogs.However, I only gave these 4 (not 5) stars because I feel the packaging should specify "for small dogs" on the front.  After reading the back to determine dosage, I can see that this package isn't really geared for larger dogs.  Dogs over 50 pounds (and, typically, Goldens should weigh in around 60-70), are to be given 4 per day (2 in am, 2 in pm).  This means that this package is simply a 15 day supply for us.  I think they should have a larger breed version--or at least a higher quantity packaging for large dogs.
I presently have three older dogs, who each at times have digestive issues.  I do not dole these out daily.  However as a go-to when someone's tummy is iffy, these do the trick, and a lot less trouble than pink people medicine.
I have two puppies with Giardia.  The vet had told me that the mother (my dog as well) most likely passed the disease down to all her puppies.  Now my puppies have stool with blood,  diareeah, and a mucus looking substance.  One of my puppies also has stomach issues.  He tends to vomit up a lot of his food depending on the day or how excited he gets.  I have purchased This product as a supplement to help my puppies with their Giardia issue as per suggestion of my vettenarian.  It seems to me that this supplement combined with the antibiotic seem to be doing the trick. My pups started to have harder and more regular stool as well as less vomiting and upset stomach.
My big pup Pooper eats nearly everything, at times. He is 1/2 German Shepard, 1/4 Boxer and 1/4 Cocker Spaniel and he eats way too fast at times and he get tummy aches and can be flatulent. I"m hoping with continued use (the package calls for 2 a day for Poopers weight) that these will help be a bit less gassy.He absolutely loves the taste of these Daily Digest bone treats. They look like a little bone, and are about an inch in length. Also, I've been using these in his training time and they work very well because of their size.I'd definitely recommend.
How can you really tell if a product is working for your pet?  Well, I guess it has to do with a noticeable change in their behavior or attitude.  My dogs seem to like this product and have no negative reactions whatsoever.  This is a supplement and not a treat, so it is important to use it accordingly.  I have found that my dogs seem to be on a much more consistent bathroom pattern with this product.  Predictability is nice, especially when dealing with smaller breeds.  Overall, I am satisfied.
PRO: If you have picky cats that need additional supplementation, try these.cON: If you have cats that love to eat, this is a good once-a-day snack, but is not intended as their primary source of food.MAYBE: I'm not sure about the digestive claim, but I figure if the ingredients list doesn't contain anything bad (I double-checked and it doesn't, IMO), why not give it as chews.
My daughter has a highly-stressed, elderly cat with arthritis. After moving to our home, he developed some behavior problems, and we have been working on his diet as well as trying various solutions.Since his bowels are loose, I hoped that this would help, and since he has been eating them, he seems to be using the litter box much better. We are also giving himPet Naturals Calming for Cats (21 count), so I am not certain which one is helping.The flavor tempts him, and he accepts these as treats.
I have three cats, a persian, a himalayan and my mother's crabby calico. Although they all eat like little pigs, the persian in particular has a sensitive stomach and some nasty gas. I decided to give this product a try. The cats love them. They eagerly crowd around and have attempoted to flee with the resealable pouches. Good thing the pouches reseal securely. Each chew contains enzymes and probiotics and definitely agree with the cats.Since the many pet recalls, I have endeavoured to feed all my pets products made in the USA. I could not determine where these supplements were made so I called customer service. I was told that all their products are made in the US.I recommend this product. The cats love them and they seem to help. The company has been in business for forty years and their products are made in the US. Customer service was well-informed, friendly and responsive. Use with confidence.
It doesn't matter how good a supplement works if I can't get my cat to eat it. Anyone who has ever had a cat knows that it is no fun at all to try to force anything unwanted into a cat's mouth. Luckily, this isn't an issue with this supplement. My cat thinks it's a treat and loves them! So much so that I have to put them out of sight or she begs me and anyone who will listen for more.Not long ago a friend of mine convinced me to try probiotics. I reluctantly agreed to try them. I didn't feel any ill effects from it, but after over a month of use I didn't notice any improvements in how I felt. I find it kind of funny that this is the same type of thing, but for my cat. And the result is pretty much the same. I haven't seen any outward ill effects, but I haven't noticed any vast improvements either. Honestly, I don't know that I could tell a difference even if they vastly improved my cat's digestive tract.
My kitty devours these, and she doesn't even notice that they are good for her. I like these because I think they help with her digestive tract - she sometimes has problems in this department and she hasn't had any issues while on these. There are only 30 in the pack, so I am not sure if I continued to give her them if it would keep helping or exactly how much they are helping - I guess I'll just have to get more - which I am considering.
My cat actually eats these.  I am really surprised because she is about as finicky as they come.  She won't even eat a small piece of salmon that I've tried on numerous occasions to give to her.  She's an older cat, about 17, but she just doesn't know it yet and still chases the dogs all over the house.She has had a digestive problem for almost the entire 17 years.  She will frequently throw up and I am always finding piles of cat barf to clean up.  I'm hoping these chews will help her somehow with her need to throw up so often.  I've only recently started giving her one chew each day, but so far she hasn't had any digestive problems.  Maybe it's due to the chews or maybe just luck, who knows.Anyway, she likes them and I feel they are probably more good than bad for her.  Even though they are sort of expensive for such tiny chews, I may buy some more of these.
One of the little kitties must have been confused because these Daily Digest supplements are shaped like fish but smell and taste like chicken liver.There are thirty chews in a package. Each contains a combination of enzyme and probiotic supplements which are supposed to aid feline digestionOne of the boys thought it was a treat and the other wouldn't eat it, which is normal with those two.The one who eats them seems happy enough about it and his digestion is quite normal.
All but, one of my 5 cats like the taste of these. I've been giving them one or two a day to help with minimizing hair balls during the end of this winter. These are about half an inch in size and they have a chewy texture. I believe it has helped keep the number of hair ball episodes down.If your cats have trouble eating supplements/treats I wouldn't suggest these, as my one cat who doesn't eat these always throws most treats up and this one isn't an exception.
I have owned several Havahart products and my experience have been mixed.  Some perform as expected, others....not so well.  The Spray Away elite is not inexpensive, but it does work exactly as advertised.It arrived in a fairly large box, being of good size.  The sprayer weights about 11 pounds empty.  Assembly is minimal, mounting the column onto the base (holding tank), then installing the spray head with the included wrench.  Both the spray head and wrench are plastic.  DO NOT use a metal wrench on these plastic components!  Simply use the plastic wrench to tighten the spray head and it will slip off when it is tight enough.The unit, once assembled is not quite 20" wide by 20" high.  Because it's already 11 pounds and holds 3.5 gallons of water, I think it is best to choose the location where you plan to use it before you fill it.  You can leave the entire unit above ground; its forest green color will blend with most landscaping.  I dug a shallow hole in my mulch near some shrubs and sat the holding tank in the hole, then mulched up to the refill hole.The unit is solar-powered, charging through a solar panel surface on its top.  The surface is only a few inches in diameter and not unsightly.For my application, I am interested in startling some deer/cats that tend to frequent my yard.  I followed the included instructions and allowed the unit to charge.  I adjusted the width of spray (adjusts like any other oscillating lawn sprinkler with little clips that stop movement in one direction and send the head back in the other direction.The unit charged quickly (two days) - I had a day or two of bright sunshine; the manufacturer states 3-5 days to fully charge.  I filled it and tested.  The unit is not loud at all, and the sensor triggers well based on movement.  This is your typical infrared sensor, so the usual caveats apply: high wind can set it off, animal size, very hot days etc.  Why hot days?  Infrared is actually detecting heat changes, so when it's hot out, the air is a similar temperature to the animal, thus the unit may not fire.  I am not saying it won't work in hot weather, just that something inherent in infrared units of this nature. In addition to the unit sometimes not triggering in very hot weather......since the unit has a battery and contains water, you do want to bring it indoors before the outside air falls to 32 degrees.You can (and should) adjust the sensitivity and spray area to deal with smaller animals, larger ones, etc.Sensitivity can be adjusted on a rotary dial from 1 up to 9 (low to high sensitivity).  The detection area is about 50 feet wide by 35 feet deep.  The unit will spray up to 25 or 30 feet away, depending on your adjustment.So, how long before you need to refill the water?  This will vary based on how often it gets activated,  how wide an area you target, etc. but it seems to hold enough water to fire 30+ times.  The battery lasts through a refill, as it recharges every day.  The unit does have a red "low water" light, as well as a low battery light.  The battery life expectancy is advertised as for "the life of the product."  I actually contacted Havahart and they said the same thing, that they do not anticipate the battery reaching a point where it is not holding a charge.  I do assume all batteries eventually weaken/cease to work, and since Havahart indicates this battery is not replaceable, I think an actual life expectancy or means to replace it would be helpful, as the product is not inexpensive.The product comes with a 2 year warranty.Outside of a lack of information on my personal curiosity about the battery life, I think Havahart has an excellent product here.  There are less expensive solutions; however those tend to operate on a garden hose.  The ability to move this around to different locations, and its independence for power, and low maintenance for water, makes this an excellent choice for deterring unwanted visitors to your yard or garden.I would recommend this product to anyone who is seeking a spray type solution to scare off animals.
This is actually a pretty neat device to scare off neighborhood dogs.  (Or even your own if you have dogs that like to dig in vegetable gardens.)  I'm not convinced it will work on smaller animals due to the high spray angle.This device never came to shooting water to 30 feet, as described in the manual.  Nor can I adjust the trajectory.  The water shoots high and lands closeby.  Just looking at this thing it would be hard to get a low spray shooting far out because the device is no more than 2' tall.Set-up is easy.  Screw the muzzle into place and let it charge up in the sun for a day.  Then fill it with water.  This device holds 3.5 gallons of water.  Since no hose is required it can be placed anywhere you want it to, as long as it gets sun for recharging. You can easily adjust the spray's direction and distance with two quick turns of the dial.  The water sprays high, which tells me this is best for large animals, and less effective for small animals like cats, raccoons and low-crawling neighbors that can get under the sensor.I like this thing.  Not worrying about hoses makes this very handy and a nice garden additive.  The dark green makes this less obvious.  It charges enough to work well at night.  The two lights that indicate battery strenth and motion light up nicely then.  But this device requires daily fill-ups with the active dogs I have, and without water this device continues to "spray" dry shots.  I can imagine this draining down the battery unnecessarily unless it's turned off.I keep this near my tomato garden and it does seem to repel the dogs from there.  It looks good, too, blending in with the flora around it.  Just remember to check on the water level on a daily basis.
I have had many of these motion sensor sprayers.  One huge problem with them is having the hose on under full pressure all the time.  I find that the hoses start to deteriorate in the hot sun and burst over time.  This gets around that.The unit seems pretty solid except for the plastic sprayer.  I have seen these easily damaged in the past.  We'll see.  It is easy to adjust the aim.  One problem is that this sits on the ground so it isn't great for keeping birds off the top of my blueberry bushes.You need to take a hose out to it to fill.  If you fill it and try to move it, not only is it heavy but it leaks all over you between the top part and the reservoir.  That is a design flaw.So far, it has held its charge although batteries for the other units aren't usually too much of an issue.
I primarily got this product to repell the birds off the new grass seed sowed, the occasional wild cat and chickens walking about my backyard. It works well, sprays quickly and with a good reach/distance. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's HUGE (I should've looked at the dimensions first) and it is a bit loud. Overall, good spray away repellent!
I have a senior shepherd who takes glucasomine.  Of late, she has been spitting out her pills no matter how well hidden.  She'll disassemble a pill pocket, lick off canned food, even extricate them from peanut butter and cream cheese.  I was gong to grind them into a powder but was afraid she would reject her food if she didn't like the flavor (or noticed what I wasa doing).  So I figured I would give this product a try.The canister contains a green powder that smells like  pumpkin pie spice. One tablespoon contains 500 mg of glucasomine and 250 mg MSM.  It also contains spirulina, green lipped mussel extract, an ocean sourced omega blend and a joint comfort blend which includes ginger, tumeric, bromelain, stinging nettles and meadowsweet.  Ina ctive ingredients incude cinnamon, cloves, natural sweet salmon flavoring, organic flax, siica and sprouted barley malt.  Dosage ranges from 1 teaspoon for dogs under ten pouns to 2 tablespoons for dogs over 75 pounds.  The product should be refrigerated after opening and it is suggested that the recommended dosage be doubled the first four to six weeks.So far my german sherpherd seems to like it and getting it down is the biggest part of the battle.  I like the committment to using organic ingredients where possible and also the usage of recycled materials for the container. It is too early to tell whether this product is equal to or superior to the previous supplement.  However it smells good and is easy to use.  It is a bit pricey per serving, espeically if your dog is large and I wish they included a little scoop.I think that natural supplements are preferrable to pharmaceuticals.  I take glucasomine myself and have benefitted. My dog, like most older GSDS, has arthritis and the glucasomine seems to keep her mobile and active. This product gets plusses for palatability,ingredients and ease of use.  I will be buying it again.
Kells is 11 this week and I jumped on a chance to try this for her. She still thunders down the agility course as fast as she can, and is in great happpy shape. Our walks are slower.after giving her the recoomended does for about three weeks, she appears less stiff and more playful and rests in the middle of the room, instead of the padded dogbed. Wish she could tell me how she feels. But behavior indicates she is comfortable.
My 11 year old black lab has arthritis in both hips. This limits her mobility and can cause her pain. I have been giving her multiple supplements which has helped increase mobility and decrease pain. This powdered formula contains all the ingredients I used to give her individually. This powder is convenient and economical. She has been more active and less stiff. I would recommend this powder to anyone who has an elderly dog to alleviate pain or prevent it.
I like this, our dog likes it on her food also.  She seems to eat her meals more readily with this stuff sprinkled on.  It has good, quality ingredients.However, the only reason I give it four stars is it makes a bit of a mess.  Opening and closing the container, there's no way to keep the powder from sticking to the sides, the lid, etc.  It gets on the counter, on the floor, and I try to keep it as neat as possible!  For the hassle, it loses a star.  I think I'd prefer a chewable variety.  Those are easier, with less mess.But other than that, my dog likes it, so that's what matters most!
I've got a large overweight lab who's getting older and starting to have some hip problems.We've given him baby aspirin and potassium gluconate which helps take the edge off.Since we've been adding the Motion Powder to his food, we haven't seen any limping.  That's a good thing.You just pour some of the green powder over the food.  Apparently the taste is okay because there's no problem with him eating it.  You cannot mix it however because it makes it's way to the bottom of the bowl and sticks.Seems to me this is a pretty good product.Thank you.MEF
We gave this product to a 5 year old Golden Retriever who has hip joint issues.  We gave it to her for 2 weeks.  We saw some improvements in her ability to get up more quickly after lying down as well as being able to jump onto the bed again.  Before taking these supplement she really could not do either one of these things.  I will continue to give this to her and give you an update on her after a few more weeks.
I have a ten-ish (I think he was older then what the adoption place said he was) Chihuahua who I like to joke sleeps twenty-three hours a day, getting up to eat and go for bi-daily walks which he rarely has problems trotting along for except for when the temperature drops below freezing.  I also have a five year old poodle mix that is fairly active.  As directed, I sprinkled the recommended dosage (about a teaspoon each) on their dinners and both ate it up with no hesitation.  The powder has a nice cinnamon type smell to it.  Almost instantly I noticed both dogs have a bit more energy than usual post dinner, roaming around and engaging me in a game of tug before their nightly naps.  In all, I used up one can in about a month and a half using it daily at dinner for both my dogs.
I was giving my pug glucosamine pills, broken in half with his food, so that he won't develop joint problems in the future.  Sometimes he favors one leg.  This product is easier, just sprinkle on his food.  He seems to like it.
My dog, a small terrier mix, loves these (though I've yet to find the treat she will reject!).  They have no noticeable odor and there are no crumbs left to clean up - both positives.  I like giving my dog a treat that is good for her teeth.  I'm a little disappointed that the sticks are so thin that even my small dog (about 18 lbs.) devours them within a couple of minutes.  I've given her other dental treats that make her work a little more before they disappear.  That being said, she enjoys these so for a quick, post-walk treat they work well.
I have a Norwegian Elkhound who has a history of having a funny tummy. Some things she eats and they play havoc with he stomach and I spend the next day or two cleaning up after it. She is also a finiky eater.So, when these arrived, I peeled open the bag and heard the clamor of her feet trying to get to the kitchen. There she sat as she waited the new treat. I gave her one to which she immediately ran to the living room and jumped up on the couch and ate it. Hmmm, I thought, that means she liked it. Now for the 2-day post new treat test.Fast forward 2 days. No signs of anything so I open the bag again and she is once again at my feet. Repeat the above process. Nothing unusual. So, that leads me to two conclusions. 1 - she really likes these, the last one I pulled out she was drooling before I gave it to here. and 2 - they are fine for her funny tummy.Why the 4 star review then. Mainly because I was hoping for a little bit longer chew for her. There is no way this takes her more than 30-45 seconds to eat the whole thing. If I'm looking for a long lasting treat/chew I'll stick with a bully stick or an actual beef bone with marrow. But, this is a good night snack for her to.
... if you have hardwood or tile floors, there's a chance that your dog might not be able to pick it up off the floor. These treats are so flat that some dogs are unable to pick them up -- they just keep sliding around. My dog learned how to pick these treats up, but my sister's dachshund is helpless if he drops one.Aside from that, these are good treats. They're healthy, fairly long-lasting, and affordable. I wish I could say they helped freshen breath but... my dog's breath is still pretty awful. I can't blame the treats, since he's always had awful breath regardless of what I feed him.These are decent treats and are especially useful if you want something that will keep your dog distracted for a little while.
I was very pleased to read the ingredient list on these and find nothing that isn't fully safe and healthy for dogs! Unlike the many cornstarch- based products on the market, these listed beef hide as the first ingredient. They don't splinter, so there's no choking hazard. They're also free of artificial scents and colors - a bonus appreciated by anyone who's ever tried to get that fake beef coating out of carpet! I wish I could say my dog (a border collie) was all over these, but honestly he was a little slow to warm up to them. That said, they're a good choice overall.
It's hard to review a rawhide-type dog treat. Even if you had the inclination to try it yourself, that really works better in theory than in practice. I thought I would bring treats over to all of the fur babies in my life to see who was interested and who was not.My parents have three dogs. Kozmeaux (Shih tzu - Bijon frise mix), Gator (American Staffordshire terrier) & Grizzy (Husky-Chow mix). The big dogs, Gator and Grizzy adore these. They are hardly out of the bag and they are gone within a couple of bites. Kozmeaux will eat them, but you have to break them up and he will only eat them if the other dogs are eating them as well. Who said peer pressure was only for humans?Hannah, a miniature collie, was less than enthusiastic when I gave her the treat, but the next morning it was gone. The last couple of times I showed up with treats for her, they were special puppy cupcakes from a gourmet cupcake shop. (I was bringing desert, I didn't want her to be left out. What can I say? I'm a good guest like that.) She seems to be eating them, just not when anyone is looking. Either that, or in two months her owners are going to find a stock pile of dusty calcibone sticks in her secret hiding place.Apple (Ridgeless Rodesian Ridgeback) & Martini (Yorkie), my best friend's fur babies, didn't care much for the treat at all. Although to be fair to the treat, these are very spoiled dogs. It was from their Mommy that I first discovered there were special dog ice cream treats in the freezer section of our local big box super center. I think giving them treats at all would be like giving a Hershey bar to a Godiva girl. The poor treat never had a chance.Lastly, I gave a pack to a co-worker for her brand new fur babies, Skittles & Butters. The treats are about as big as they are, but that doesn't seem to stop them. They gnaw, nibble and bite their way through. I'm sure by the time the bag is gone, they will be able to gulp them down in true hound dog fashion.
These simple chews are good for removing tartar buildup that accumulates on your dog's teeth. They have Calcium and Phosphorus in them that will help build and maintain strong bones and teeth while cleaning teeth as they chew.My 2 year old Chihuahua loves to chew and these make a good low cost and basic chew for daily use. Even if your dog only eats one every couple of days it will still remove a lot of tartar that might not be removed otherwise.  It normally takes our small Chihuahua about an hour to finish one of these. She doesn't go crazy for these but she has never turned one down.  We like to give her one of these when company stops by in order to distract her because she also loves to bark at anyone who comes into the house. One FlatStick Calcibone will normally give us about an hour of quiet time.  I am not sure these would be great for larger breed dogs because they would be chewed up very fast.
My 80 lbs Retriever mutt enjoys these.  He pretty much enjoys any kind of treat that isn't a carrot or a Greenie with a medicine tablet inside.  The package said feed at least once daily.  My dog can tear up raw hides and chew through bones like paper.  These sticks didn't last long in his mouth.  I doubt they even helped clean his teeth.  I gave a stick to Bo (my dog) and he walked away laid on the rug, and I heard a few cracks.  Next thing I know, he came back over and went to lay down next to me.  I barely  turned my head and he was finished.  They are super thin and look like bubble gum sticks.  If you have a big powerful chewer, these will be chewed up before you can even ponder if they did any good for his teeth.You get a decent amount per bag, and if you have a smaller dog, say less than 50 lbs, they "might" last a big longer to actually clean their teeth.They don't have any smells, and do not have any kind of stickiness to them so they are ok for your pet to eat on the carpet.It's hard to give any negatives to this product, as there really is none.  I only deducted 1 star because it says cleans teeth, but I think that would depend on your dog's size.  For a 80 lb dog, I don't think it will have any major dental benefits.The dog doesn't care though. He'll gladly eat 1, 2 or 10 of these if I gave it to him.
I avoid giving my Chihuahuas rawhide since it can cause intestinal blockages.These treats are sort of a ground up and then processed treat.It will break down easier in the digestive track. My small dogs had no problems with these.They break in half easily for smaller dogs.Although my dogs prefer meatier treats these usually disappear before the day is over.My dogs are spoiled, picky eaters and all four of themeat these. I appreciate that it is promoted as a healthier treat.
Doggie loved them. Her teeth were already very clean but this will certainly help them to stay that way. What's important is that she ate them, if your dog doesn't eat them they can't work. She's a very, very picky eater. I did notice her breathe was much better after just a week of having one per day.
Our aging dog didn't take to these like I'd hoped she would, but our neighbor has a younger dog who loves them.One of the sticks that our dog left outside was chopped into smaller pieces by the mower and she gobbled those smaller pieces up.  I'd recommend these to anyone with a younger dog or an older dog who still likes to chew on harder objects.Probably should have included more items like this when she was younger.
A product that the dogs (Nena, Sam(antha) and Grizzly) actually like, and provides them with Calcium to boot?A win-win situation for the pets (and their owners).I recommend this product!I rate FunBites FlatSticks Calcibone...4 stars!
I don't own a pooch.  But I have a neighbor that does, and loves him more than her husband, (but don't tell him I said that).  I gave a package of these biscuits and asked her to give me her honest opinion, or rather her dogs.  After a week she has gotten back to me to inform me that her dog not only seems to enjoy them, but that there has been no side effects from them either.  At first her dog nosed them and sniffed them throughly before chowing down.  But since then he has had more than a half dozen and is well used them.  He continues to enjoy them, and also she has informed me that there has been no ill effects mentioned in some of the other reviews.  No tossing the remains of it up, no foul stools, no lethargic behavior at all.  These biscuits are a little different than your common biscuit that most of us are used too in that they are actually very good for the dog.  They provide a healthy dose of calcium that is as important a nutrient for your dog as it is for us.  As most of us well realize, a lot of things that are good for us doesn't always translate into tasting all that hot.  This is true for highly nutritional snacks and foods for our pets as well.  Fortunately these calcibones have enough flavor to them with a good texture that doesn't seem to be turning off most dogs, my neighbors being no exception.  He liked them, and she liked them, (her husbands opinion doesn't count : )  I highly recommend them for your dog too.  The only reason for my taking one star off is for their price, which is a little high.  (I never could figure out why things that are so good for us always have to cost more, but that is another matter).  My neighbor intends to buy some from Amazon in the future where they are always available at about the best price around, and I recommend them for your doggie as well...
I have not had any serious complaints from my Chocolate Lab ;o) She likes them but then again she isnt very picky. I like that they have health benefits for her. You also get a large quantity of the quality product for a great price.
I have a very picky dog.  I did not think he was going to like these but he shockingly does.  LOL  I am not too keen on the overall quality of the dog treats but as an occassional treat I am fine with him eating them.
Whenever I open the cabinet where the dog snack are my two boston terrier are running from the furthest place in the house-great distraction from jumping at incoming guests for example. So problems with them eating calcium sticks. I like that it has a calcium, great from bones, but I wish they could last longer. Basically it is a reward kind of snack in my house.Looks like it is a month supply for my 2 dogs, but I always pick up similar item in Target etc.
I have a small dog, who is generally not a picky eater - if you give it to him, he will generally eat it or try it with no hesitation.  At first, he turned his nose up at it, as I had just placed it on the ground: I guess because there is no smell.  After I offered it to him again, this time by placing it in his mouth, he gobbled it right up with the tail wagging; it must be because it tasted good and he wanted another after wolfing this one down (he didn't get it).  As a human, I refuse to try it to really comment on the taste so you're just going to have to take my word for it!!I am speculating here, but I believe there is a lot of proportionate salt content in this treat for my small dog: I gave him the treat at night, and he was up several times begging for water.  I will make sure to just give these to him in the morning or not too close to Owner trying to sleep!
We all know of the need for calcium and protein for us humans. Our four footed friends are no exception.These little chewy sticks are a great option.  The dog likes to play with these and chew on them.A review of the ingredients gives these chews high marks for nutritional value.The packaging however, while protective of these dog chews, looks extremely environmentally unfriendly.  It is also difficult to open-suggest use a pair of scissors & put in a resealable zip-lock bag for freshness. Of course, that involves a transfer & an opportunity for a mess.  And more trash. Oh well.
I have four mini dachshunds, which seems to be the right size for these chew sticks. When I first got the bag, I was a little concerned by the appearance of the sticks- they look like they are lacquered or something! But the ingredients seemed simple and healthy, so I gave them to my little beastlies. Out of the four, one dog is a little picky. A treat has to be seriously tasty for him to deem worth his time. Unfortunately, he didn't seem to interested in these sticks. The other three dogs, however, ate theirs in a matter of minutes and fought over his for the next 20 minutes. The next few times I tried the dogs with the chew sticks, a similar situation occurred. Therefore, I am giving these 4 out of 5 stars because while I think they are healthy and most of my dogs really, really liked them, they just weren't enough to win over the picky one.On another note, the price seems to be right for these sticks. There are a ton in one bag, and come in a pack of 5 bags for a decent price. I can honestly say I will be buying these chew sticks again (and Mr. Picky will just have to deal with it).
Judging dog treats isn't all that easy, as all of the feedback is non-verbal. But we got plenty of that. We fed these treats to our daughter's dog, which is on the large end of medium in size, a pretty substantial pet indeed. What is interesting about this dog is that, at least in dog terms, he is a picky eater, disdaining regular dog food at times, and even refusing treats that he doesn't care for, at least for a while. So we thought he would be a good test for FunBones. There is no question that he likes these a lot, doing all manner of tricks to earn one and eating it instantly.And that's the only issue. FunBones are not very substantial and last maybe 15-20 seconds with this dog. It's hard to believe that he's really getting all the teeth-cleaning and breath benefits that the package promises. Smaller dogs would likely reap a lot more benefit as the treat would last longer.Otherwise, these are a great value. The package of 60 is inexpensive and lasts quite a long while (almost two months at one treat per day). The treats are easy to handle, not at all messy, and get cleaned up to the very last crumb. FunBones are an easy recommendation: four stars, with just one star off because of lesser suitability for larger dogs.
Our girls get a chew treat every day, mostly one of those round sticks that come in different flavors. When presented with this new flat stick, neither dog knew what to make of it and each took hers reluctantly. That hesitancey changed quickly though. On subsequent offerings they've accepted the new treats eagerly.I like that the sticks are flat and easily broken with my fingers. Poor Piper has four missing teeth because we unknowingly had been giving her chews that were too hard. The doggy dentist advised us never to give her any chews that we couldn't bend with our hands. The Fun Bites have just enough crunchiness to exercise the canine jaws, but not enough resistance to endanger Piper's teeth.As I write this I've just split a Fun Bite between the girls and Gabby is sitting my my side begging for more. That's the best endorsement she could give.
My dogs love these!  My only complaint is that I wished they lasted a little longer like rawhide does.  I have two border collies and they can chomp these down pretty quickly, but I feel good about feeding it to them because of the calcium.  My one my border collies has a sensitive stomach and I didn't know how this would affect it, but it has not upset his stomach thus far and I have been feeding it to him for a couple of weeks. Hurray for that!  I would definitely purchase again.
We are always looking for new treats for our dogs to try, so when I had an opportunity to try FunBites, I was excited to possibly find another healthy treat to add to our treat rotation.These treats are marketed as being healthy for dogs, fortified with calcium and phosphorus.  The chewing also helps clean teeth and freshen breath.  While my dogs do not have a huge problem with this, it never helps to have treats aimed at good dental health.When I first brought the treats out, the dogs were not interested, as they were engaged in a serious game of bitey face.  However, when they heard me open the bag, they came running.  Dexter, the older dog, quickly chewed his snack down to nothing.  Chloe, who is still just a puppy, took more time with hers, and when she walked away from it for a moment, Dexter swooped in and finished it for her.  Clearly, he approves of the snacks.  I tried later to give Chloe another one, and she finished it, chewing it slowly.  She will definitely get the dental benefits from these.Since my dogs are small, this was a perfect treat for them.  They both seemed to like them a lot.  The packaging says these are appropriate for all dogs up to 75 lbs.  However, the bigger the dog, the less time it will take to chew, which reduces the dental benefits.Also, be forewarned that these treats contain rice flour, maltodextrins and dextrose.  For dogs with food allergies, this may be a problem.  Also, for dogs with weight issues, this treat may not be a good choice.  There are a lot of empty calories in the treats.  My dogs stay within a healthy range, so these will work for me.  But for older dogs, dogs with low activity levels, or dogs already overweight, these may not be the right choice.So in summary, a decent treat for small dogs that will help with dental health.  A nice additional source of calcium, but beware the additives and their empty calories.  As for us, we give these Dexter and Chloe seal of approval.
My Australian shepherd loves these but how do you look into the eyes of a starving dog and say "No, you can't have the whole bag".I like the idea of some nutritional value but don't expect a lot of "chewing action" from a bigger dog. My dog heads for the sheepskin rug to lie down and chomps these down in two bites.  Fortunately they don't have a disagreeable smell and don't seem to leave lots of crumbs. The strips are about the size of two strips of gum  so I think they would be better for the smaller breed of dog like a yorkie.
I have two dogs, a 17 month Caucasian/alsatian mix and a 6 month caucasian. They both love this treat. Whenever they see me coming downstairs in the mornings they run towards me excitedly expecting the morning treat. I have not been able to determine it's nutritional benefits, though i can say there are no negative effects so far.
Kozmeaux (Shih tzu - Bijon frise mix) is a spoiled rotten house dog. He sleeps in the bed, begs for table scraps and thinks (or perhaps realizes) that he has the run of the house. He was completely uninterested in these treats. Sniffed it, walked away, and never returned. Now, in fairness to the treat, Kozzie is a picky, picky puppy and dislikes more threats than he actually likes.Gator (American Staffordshire terrier) was given one as a bedtime snack. He didn't eat it right away, but the next morning, he was on his blanket and the treat was gone. He liked it, but I wouldn't say it's one of his favorites.Grizzy (Husky-Chow mix) took hers out to the yard and proceeded to disembowel the treat, tearing the outer shell off and eating all of the peanut butter from inside. Once the peanut butter had been completely removed, she finished off the outer husk. Bonus points to the treat for Grizzy not only enjoying the treat, but being entertained by it as well.
I gave one to each of my dogs.  The little one, under 10 lbs, took a sniff and dropped it.  The thing was almost as big as her so it isnt for small dogs.  My medium dog couldnt get his mouth around it either and he is about 20 lbs.  On the flip side, my 50 lb dog tore the thing apart like there was no tomorrow.  He thought it was the coolest thing ever and chewed it to pieces.  In his opinion it was the coolest thing since sliced alpo.  Now, we must remember that these things would probably not be good for dogs under about 30 lbs.  I have a junkyard dog so I dont worry about his digestion because it is made of iron.  He did manage to plow through the treat in about 20 minutes.  As to the smaller dogs, they are out of luck I guess.  Anyway, it is a good item from the dogs sense.  They did all like the smell, and they did try to chew it up.  The little ones just were to lazy to try to get to the middle.  I will see if they eat more later.
Our Standard Schnauzer wants that peanut butter pretty bad.  She's not one for rawhides or treats that involve work.  The mini Schnauzer only seems to like meat treats.  Jack (our mini) would take the treat, chew the rawhide and crack it.  Pepper (the standard) would steal the peanut butter treat out and then Jack would go back to eating the rawhide.  These are about four inches long and about an inch or so around.  The outside is like a rawhide and the inside seems to be the peanut butter and something treat.  After just a few chews I really couldn't tell you if the dogs were exhibiting better digestive support, but they seem to be enjoying them and sharing nicely.  I would assume that we will purchase them again.  I would, however, like it if Jack would eat his whole treat he seems to have some digestive issues.
These treats are definitely not meant for smaller dogs as they are way too big for my wiener dog and pug. However, I picked these up for my 35 pound dog and it's perfect for him. Just an FYI. He really seems to like the treats but not the outside. He works on squeezing out the insides and then discards the husk, which I thought was pretty funny. So the dog definitely likes them, he just doesn't love them.
The pets seemed to enjoy these about as much as the FunBites Calcibone.  A product that they enjoy,while providing them with healthy digestive support?A good product for our pets (and yours, too)!May I suggest that you (and your pets) try them?I rate FunBites MiniCongo Digestive Support...4 stars!
Our basset hound recently tried FunBites Skin & Coat Congos 5-inches / 4 in a pack dog treats.  She did pause a bit first as if she was hoping for something better, but when nothing came, she went at the FunBites bone.  She ended up liking it a lot.  There is an outer layer of rawhide and an inner layer of pressed bits of rawhide.  The large size and thickness made it last a long time.  In fact, after she had worked the outer layer open a bit, ate out the inside, I took away the soggy outside for another day.  We ended up getting 2 days out of one chew.  The bones are large, but appropriate for the bigger dogs.  Yes, the bits inside the chews do fall out and around the floor, but our 2 little dogs were eating those up and no vacuum was needed.  There is no carpet staining and really no smell to them, dry or wet.  4 stars from our hound family.
I've got a Shih Tzu and a Jack Russell mix. I had no idea how large these FunBites were. After receiving the package, I realized it was too large for the Shih Tzu. He and the Jack Russell mix are the same size, but the mix is younger and has a larger mouth. I didn't even try to give it to the elderly Shih Tzu.The other guy liked it very much. He carried it off and alternately chewed on it and hid it. He quickly got the coating off and essentially made it into two treats--a rawhide and a munchy. He sometimes has a sensitive stomach but had no problems with this one. It took him about 24 hours to devour the whole thing. I'll probably give him one a week.
I have 4 cocker spaniels, 3 male, and 1 female weighing over 30 pounds each.  I gave them each a Funbites peanut butter flavored minicongo.  First of all, I don't give my dog's whole treats of this size.  Normally, one of these would be cut in half and I would make two treats out of them.  However, I couldn't cut through the white rawhide with gardening shears so each dog received their own minicongo.  My picky male promptly took his off and I didn't see him for 2 hours.  He busily and happily chewed all that time.  My female spent all her time growling at the boys and would never chew hers so I ultimately had to take hers away.  She wasn't upset; she just lay down and went to sleep.  My oldest male growled and barked over his for an hour but then eventually ate all of his and foraged pieces from the youngest one.  The youngest male spent 20 minutes so excited over it, he ran from room to room and then outside hiding it then going and getting it and he finally took it to the couch and chewed on his for the next two hours.  The dog treat is said to contain papain which I looked up on Wikipedia and it is an enzyme present in papaya used to break down tough meat fibers and is sold as tenderizer.  It is also used in small amounts in toothpaste as a whitener.  It's not just good for their teeth, but will whiten their teeth, also?  Just kidding.  I haven't noticed anything with the digestive system yet. The only problem I had with them was they were messy and small pieces came off as they chewed but they eventually cleaned all the pieces up.  The price is $22.15 for a 4 pack which is by my calcualtion $5.54 a pack and I think that's a bit much for a package of dog treats. All in all, my dogs loved them and I would buy them.
I have 2 boston terriers and they eat everything (from dry food to meat, veggies, fruit- when they hear crunching apple or peeling cucumber they run for vitamins in seconds) and they like dogs snack as well. But I don't like some thick rawhide sticks because they became slimy and sometimes I have to dig in my dogs' throats to get leftovers (great choking hazard).I was a bit worried after reading negative reviews, I didn't want my dogs to get sick and me being sick from the vet bills. But I gave my dogs one stick each and they liked it a lot. It took them about 20 minutes to finish. I was watching them and they really enjoyed that thing. I was surprised that rawhide part was actually coming off in small bites, easy to swallow (second dog was rather chewing on it though). One dog finished earlier and was intimidating the other, so he swallowed about 1/4 of the chewed stick and I ended up with finger in his throat, so I guess they will enjoy them under my supervision.I took one star for the price, it comes to more than 50 cents per stick (I see the price is changing, it was as high as one dollar per stick)-kind of expensive. Also I would be more happy with the long lasting snack like that to be more safe (that can be my dogs chewing and swallowing bigger parts). But so far I am happy to see occupied dogs and they have no digestive problems at all with a bit looser poop than unusual, but nothing runny and weird (gotta pick it up on the walks). But as it says, the snack is digestive support, so it is not a daily snack, more of a helper with constipated dog.
My dogs like them, but they are really messy!! The middle part crumbles all over the place and the dogs don't seem to eat it off the floor once it comes out of the middle. So I was left with a huge mess on my hands, having given this to all 3 dogs at the same time. However, I did make the mistake of giving it to them in a room where there are rugs, so the crumbled pieces were everywhere. Maybe had I limited them to a room where there are hardwood floors or tile, it wouldn't have seemed like such a project to clean up, but it literally took me 20 minutes or more to vacuum up. I can't really report if these actually helped their digestion in anyway because I didn't really see a difference, but not sure that I really ever would. I will buy some more of these, but I will definately only give it to them once inawhile or give it to them in a place where there are no rugs.
My big (retriever/lab mix) thoroughly enjoyed these treats.  She didn't have any ill effects at all, which I read that some smaller dogs might have.  She enjoyed the product as a chewy treat, but I didn't notice any particular digestive improvement.
My dog heard the package crinkling and became excited; but when I gave her a treat, she dropped it and walked away. She's notoriously picky about treats so I wasn't surprised. I left it there for a day to see if she would later sneak over and eat it but she was not interested in it at all.We are allowed to bring our dogs to work, so I brought the package to work with me to test the treats out on a wide variety of dogs. The other dogs all loved them, some taking their time to work on the bones slowly, others gobbling them as fast as they could break them down.I tested these on a wide range of sizes, from a chihuahua-sized mutt, to my Aussie-mix, to a large boxer-mix mutt. The smallest dog required that we break the bones down a little bit but overall, all but the pickiest of dogs liked these. The boxer-mix begged for more, but she'd eat treats all day if you gave them to her.My experience was that if a dog is picky to begin with, they may not accept these treats. But if they generally are food-hounds, they should have no problem eating them eagerly.
It took our dogs a little while to warm up to these, but they sure enjoy them now!  I haven't noticed any digestive difference, though.  They are a good size for our small dogs.
Whenever I give my dogs something to chew on I hope it keeps them busy for a while and tire them out.  These Fun Bites are too big for my Chihuahua (it is suggested for dogs over six pounds), but for my medium sized mix breed, it would take her about a half an hour to finish them off.  I really cannot comment on the "digestive support" that the Fun Bites advertise but she does not seem any different as to the way then before she ate these.What is annoying about this product is the labeling as they have important data and warning on the bottom of the package making it very hard to read it without ripping or cutting it.  If it is important, how about putting the warning wear someone can actually read it?
Out of my 3 dogs, 2 really liked them, and one is undecided.  The treat can last a long time, which is great.  I would buy again at the right price.
My dogs love this treat! What i love about this though is that it engages them for a longer time than most treats. The raw hide skin wrapping is soft enough to be safe and hard enough to engage the dogs in a good chew of about 20 minutes. Most dog treats i have bought end up been wolfed down in less than three minutes and leaves the dogs  asking for more. When i give them this one i keep them busy.A draw back of this treat is it has  only 4 (four sticks) in the pack, which in my opinion makes it rather expensive. I  have one medium and one large sized dog. Because of the size i do not think it will be suitable for Toy dogs.
These are large, pretty heavy log shaped snacks.They are low fat, high protein and designed for fresh breath, clean teeth and a source of Omega 3s.They are covered in a thin layer of beef hide, somewhat clumsy.My dog chewed on them for it few minutes before leaving it behind.It seems like a fairly healthy treat, but my dog prefers Pedigree DentaStix (a matter of personal taste)I guess and I'll probably stick to that.
I have three dogs, all under 15 pounds. These are large bones, about the size of a quarter in circumference and five or six inches long. My smallest dog could barely lift it but she managed to drag it around and chew on it for a while. My oldest dog wanted nothing to do with it, which isn't all that unusual for him. He's picky. My youngest dog loves to chew and always needs something to chew on. This worked well for him. He carried it around and chewed himself into exhaustion.Because my dogs are so small, these take a long time to work through. Once the dogs break through the hard coating, these bones can get pretty messy. Also, they do contain both maltodextrins and dextrose (forms of sugar) and the lamb flavor is artificial, not real.
As soon as I got these I realized they were too big for my chihuahuas. I took a hack saw to them and cut each into 4 pieces.They seemed to enjoy them. I don't usually care for rawhide treats because of intestinal blockage concerns.My little guys seemed to be on their best behavior and chewed them up well.If you have shag carpet you may have to worry about the little "bits" from the center of the congo.My guys are good cleaners so they didn't leave any crumbs.Considering that these cost about $1.38 each they are not a cheap treat.I don't think I would use this again. I just prefer non rawhide treats.
I have four dogs and they did enjoy these even though they were messy, I was glad they were eating outside..My corgi had trouble as they are really big, but she managed to break into the shell and woof it down.... I am not sure if I would buy as only 4 in a package, not very economical for the price... I usually like to buy dog treats that will last, more bang for the buck... These though do have great health benefits in the description, and if you had one or two dogs, giving one a week being there is usually more then one package in a order it might be a nice treat with a healthy twist for the normal dog treat! ;)
My black lab, Lady, loves these treats.  Usually I can set a treat out (even within her reach) and leave the room; when I return, she'll be sitting patiently waiting for me to either give her the treat or give her permission to take the treat.  Not so these!  If I put these where she could reach them, she'd have the entire package gone in less than 10 minutes.So, if my dog loves them so much, why did I mark it down a star?  Because of the cost.  Even with Subscribe & Save, these treats are more than $1 each.  I'll buy these occasionally as a special treat, but they're too expensive for every-day treats (at least on my budget).
I give my dogs flax seed supplement pills everyday, as well as fish oil for Omega 3 content. So when I saw that these already had those 2 ingredients in them, I was very pleased and had to try them out. My dogs liked them, but they are really messy!! The middle part crumbles all over the place and the dogs don't seem to eat it off the floor once it comes out of the middle. So I was left with a huge mess on my hands, having given this to all 3 dogs at the same time. However, I did make the mistake of giving it to them in a room where there are rugs, so the crumbled pieces were everywhere. Maybe had I limited them to a room where there are hardwood floors or tile, it wouldn't have seemed like such a project to clean up, but it literally took me 20 minutes or more to vacuum up. Although I am very pleased that there is a treat that my dogs like, while having the 2 major supplements I was already giving them anyway, I will definately only give it to them once inawhile or give it to them in a place where there are no rugs.
The FunBites treats are obviously high quality, though expensive. It definitely helps with fresher breath for the dogs, and they all seem to genuinely enjoy them (be aware, though, my dogs eat anything.)Assuming the price isn't out of the range (which it may well be) these treats are definitely recommended. The only caveat is you shouldn't order them for small dogs, unless you want to spend lots of time breaking and cutting the treats into smaller pieces. These are big, definitely too large for a chihuahua or miniature pinscher (you probably knew that, but just in case, I thought I'd throw that out there.) They're chewy in the middle, with a harder rawhide shell, and defintely nutritious.Overall, they're recommended.
The dog (a medium-large male) accepted these treats readily and immediately ate the filling on the inside in a single, five-minute non-stop operation. However, the tough exterior seemed less desirable. While he eventually finished it, it was over the course of a day rather than right away.By the time we got to the third treat in the package, there was definite product recognition and very eager acceptance.I can't comment on the "skin and coat" benefits based on this short-term trial, and I do wonder if occasional treats would really make a big difference, but I'm sure any sort of supplements won't hurt and can only help.Overall I can recommend this item for any dog around or above medium size. The treats are probably too large for small breeds, but they seem very good for a more substantial pet. I give four stars only because having the treat's exterior lay around on the floor for a day or so wasn't completely desirable.
Whenever I give my dogs something to chew on I hope it keeps them busy for a while and tire them out. These Fun Bites are too big for my Chihuahua (it is suggested for dogs over ten pounds), but for my poodle- papillon mix, it would take her about a half an hour to finish them off.  The Fun Bites claim to help reduce tartar build up, promotes clean teeth, fresh breath and healthy gums as well as healthy skin and a soft coat so that is always a plus.  One minor complaint, there is small print on the bottom and the way the package is made it almost makes the text impossible to read, but after ripping it up, it basically said it is not for human consumption which really was not something I was contemplating.
My 3 dogs liked them, they last a long time, so long that the dog takes a break from chewing on it.  They would all share the same one.
These are great dog treats.  My dog (terrier mutt) loves these and one of these lasts all day.  He chews and chews.  He becomes a bit possessive and growly when he has one but not as bad as when we give him rawhide chews.  Our dog often must stay in a crate all day so this is the perfect thing.  we find that the challenge toys that they have to work to get a treat out of aren't as good.  Will buy more of these...Addendum: One suggestion.  Make sure to seal the bag tightly.  I did not.  Now the treats are too hard for my dog to eat...  my fault but be warned.
This is a high quality premium dog food that is manufactured and mostly sourced in the US. They don't skimp on quality, listing duck and chicken giblets as the first ingredient. Grain, gluten and potato free, it has a 79 to 29 percent protein to vegetable ratio. The bag has a resealable opening about 1/4 way down from the top of the package. Although it opened and resealed, since it wasn't at the top of the bag, it made it messy to pour and a tad clumsy to insert and extract my scoop. The kibble itself was small, ideal for smaller dogs. It had a mild, toasty aroma.I have two Chinese Cresteds and a young German Shepherd. All three chowed down with enthusiasm. It was easy for the small dogs to handle. The shepherd inhaled it without choking but I do prefer larger kibble for her.I like much about this food. The fact that it is made and most sourced in the US inspires confidence and the ingredients are good. It is expensive but their website offers a seven dollar coupon. The dogs enjoyed it but the small kibble and clumsy package design could stand improvement. Still in a recall ridden world, this one provides solid nutritional value and safety for the furred family members. Recommended.
This food makes a good compromise for me and my dogs. They're big fans of duck anything, and don't inhale it as immediately as they do other flavors, but they're still content to eat it without protest. I'm very pleased with the ingredient list. Real meat is the first ingredient, and there are no scary, nasty or allergenic items lurking anywhere. It's safe to serve, and safe to share with friends' dogs when they're over without worry. The kibble is small, so any size dog can safely eat it. Definitely pleased and will most likely buy again... now if only the stores around here would carry it!
If you check the websites that evaluate dog food, this product gets high marks. It appears to be a very high quality food. Unfortunately, my dog didn't read those reviews. I mixed it in with his regular food and he was enthusiastic about eating it, even eating around some of his usual food and choosing the Back to Basics. But his usual pattern is to eat a new food for a couple of days then refuse to eat it again, and that is what he did with this. That seems to be more of an issue with my dog than with the food, though, as that is his pattern with almost every food we have ever given him.If you have a more normal dog, he will probably love Back to Basics. Even one of our cats is attracted to the food. I have resorted to mixing some of the Back to Basics in with his regular food once a week or so. That keeps it new enough that he will usually eat it.One thing he loves is the size of the kibble. He is a small dog, and the pieces are small and easy for him to eat.Two not-so-good things about the packaging:First, the bag is resealable. However, the seal has come open at times, no matter how carefully I close it.Second, the bag says that feeding transition information and $13 in coupons are in the bag. They were not there. The transition feed instructions are on their website, and they are the same as other foods recommend: Mix the new food in with the old food and let your dog get used to it gradually.The Back to Basics website says that they offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee, so you might want to try it and see if your dog likes it. If so, you can feed him a quality diet. If not, contact Back to Basics for a refund.
My dogs are on a raw diet (80% meat/10% bone/10% organ meat/some pureed fruit and vegetables.) One of my dogs is not great about eating poultry liver, so I was happy to see that this food was made with duck liver. I am not feeding this as a main food, but as a late night snack for my dogs to get the organ meat they need. My dogs go crazy for this food and really enjoy it. The kibble is nice and small, so any sized dog can enjoy it (I have a Doberman Pincher and a Shar-pei). The bag has a small opening which can be resealed. The zip lock function actually works, so they did a good job on designing that.If I had to feed kibble as a main meal, I would consider this food. The vegetable content is a little high though (29%). I give my dogs much less than that. Some raw feeders don't feed any plant matter at all. This food also lacks probiotics, but that can easily be amended by adding natural yogurt or one of those probiotics supplements for dogs. I have not noticed any digestive problems in my dogs after eating this. No gas or runny stools. The kibble does not have a strong or bad odor either.As far as the price, it is fairly steep, but as a quality, nutrient dense food, you don't need to feed as much as the cheaper brands. Your dog will probably be healthier in the long run from not being fed soy, grains, or cheap proteins that are found in many other dog foods. The protein level of this food is 38%. The 71% on the bag refers to animal product. If your dog is prone to kidney problems and requires a lower protein diet, you may want to check with your veterinarian before feeding this.
our Cavalier King Charles Spaniels enjoyed this dog food.Unlike most dog foods, this one is free of grain, so that means less fillers.This food is a but expensive though.
I can attest to the theory behind Back to Basics Grain Free Formula - Duck including  as the primary ingredient duck and chicken livers and hearts, having watched a lion kill in Tanzania and seen the pride going for the wildebeest's organs first.This did raise a question for me about whether this ingredient would place too much cholesterol in my dog's bloodstream, but the manufacturer's website FAQ notes: "Unlike humans, dogs are capable of consuming a wide range of dietary fat and still maintain normal blood lipid levels."My dog was lukewarm at first to this product. I feed him in aKONG Wobbler Treat Dispensing Dog Toy, Large, which keeps his little mind active. He didn't go for it at first, given that the scent is mild, but after he tried a few bits, he whacked at the feeder with abandon with his paws, and seemed to really like the stuff.His stool was a bit looser than usual but I would say his breath was excellent and he seemed overall quite healthy on this product. I'm just not sure though it's within my budget to continue on it.The bag design is beautiful and evocative somehow of Eddie Bauer and duck hunting. It uses a green and dark maroon design, meaning that the ingredients list falls on the maroon area and is (for me at least) completely unreadable, as the black print does not stand out against the dark background. So I'll list the ingredients here. FYI, the site DogFoodAdvisor gives this food its highest rating, five stars, and many users provide positive comments.Ingredients list: (source: Back to Basics)Duck and Chicken Giblets (Livers and Hearts)Duck MealChicken MealTapiocaPeasDried Whole EggPea ProteinDuck Fat (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols)Whole FlaxseedNatural Duck FlavorPea FiberMenhaden Fish OilSunflower OilSaltPotassium ChlorideCholine ChlorideZinc ProteinateIron ProteinateVitamin E SupplementL-CarnitineL-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source of Vitamin C)Manganese ProteinateBiotinCopper ProteinateNiacinCalcium PantothenateSodium SeleniteVitamin A SupplementRiboflavin SupplementVitamin D3 SupplementThiamine MononitrateVitamin B12 SupplementCalcium IodatePyridoxine HydrochlorideFolic AcidThis might be a very good food to cycle with other more affordable foods in your dog's diet.
Back to Basics Grain Free dog food has a few things going for it. One, my dogs like the taste, and two, it seems to clean out their digestive system (if you know what I mean). No more runny bowel movements but solid, huge ones. *g* While the price seems expensive for such a small bag (it lasted me 3 weeks with two small dogs), I might supplement this food with the cheaper brand I use. However, if you don't mind paying a higher price for grain free food for your dogs, then I highly recommend it.
Back to Basics grain free duck formula dry kibble has a limited ingredient list, which is a great thing.  However, it's NOT a great thing for my dog, because it contains chicken.  I guess I figured since it was grain free, a good company, costly, and listed Duck as the protein, that it wouldn't include chicken.  My dog is allergic to chicken and turkey, so she could not eat any of it.  I'm just glad that I read the ingredients list before I gave it to her.  I then looked at Back to Basics open range formula.  It containse contains beef, venison, and pork.  I wish it had a single protein.However, all is not lost. My mom has a 10 lb yorkie who did not like it, but her 15 lb yorkie/schnauzer/something mix LOVES it.  He is a very difficult eater and gives my mom a lot of trouble at meal time.  He started picking this duck formula over his regular kibbles (Natural Balance and Nutrisource), his canned food, the freeze dried raw food, and other cooked food options she has given him.  It makes things much easier.The pieces are not teeny tiny, but they are smaller than normal kibble size.  This makes it very good for smaller dogs (unless you have a 5 lb dog that absolutely needs puppy size food).  I do wish that they thought about using single protein ingredients.  It would also be nice to have companion canned foods with just as good ingredients.  After watching my mom's dog eat it with gusto, I would have loved to have been able to give it to my dog.  At least I know that a picky eater does approve!!!!
This formula (we tried the duck) stands out from other dog foods by trying to include more food types like those a dog would normally encounter in the wild - primarily protein based, some vegetables (as opposed to a lot of dog foods, which are primarily grain based).The pros: I do think this sort of a blend is more healthy for dogs than the grains.  My dog absolutely loved it, can't get enough, and will probably be made when we have to switch back to the cheaper stuff.  It comes in really tiny pebble sized bites, which my giant dog and I aren't used to getting, but she seemed to like them fine. If you had a small dog I can see it being particularly useful.The cons: After reading what a few other people have said in their reviews, I realize I should have mixed in the new food slowly because she did have some loose stool issues, but the bag was small enough that I thought I might not have enough to get a fair review going that route.  So if you buy a big bag that's something to consider.  The main reason I wouldn't purchase it myself in the future is price, but if you can swing it your dog will probably thank you.
Back to Basics gets the highest rating at the dog-food site I trust.  It's top quality, and I'm happy to have it for my Doodle.Unfortunately, HE isn't so enthused.  However I will keep mixing it in with his wet food (Hill's Science Diet) in the hope that he'll take to it - or at least won't mind it as part of the meal!!!
I'm feeding a couple of somewhat aging, spoiled (lots of treats) housedogs . . . a Jack Russell mix, and a Chihuahua mix.  The Jack Russell will eat anything but the Chihuahua is picky.  They BOTH seem to really like  this Back to Basics Grain-Free Duck Formula.The small size bite nuggets work well for my small dogs, and I have peace of mind that I am feeding them a quality food, with no by products or grains on the ingredients list.  Although not a "cheap" choice, I consider it very acceptably priced for a meaty based dry dog food.I like to provide food variety (with quality) for my dogs.  I would add this to my buy list.
I don't have a canine athlete, just an overweight lab mix.  When he ate these wafers nothing magical happened.  He just wanted more.  He loves to snack.  The wafers are small and round, sort of the size of a quarter.  He didn't get energetic or anything.  Same old dog I know and dog. If you have a hunting dog or athletic dog, it might make a difference. I can't verify any of these claims with my dog.They are not cheap but you get 90 in a container and you can feed your dog 2 a day.  Give it a try and see how your dog reacts.
Living in Florida, this seemed like it may be a good idea for my four-legged friends. Although they are both indoor dogs, they also spend a good amount of time outside in play or exercise throughout the day. One in particular has low heat tolerance due to some old medical issues from before his rescue days.This came well packed with moisture pack. Easy to open and a comfortable convenient container that is people friendly. I gave one tablet to each dog while acting like it was a treat. The first/older dog gingerly took it like he does all treats then gave me a look like "huh?" but chewed it up and ate it. The second/younger dog promptly spit it out and only went back once she realized the first was eyeing it.Day #2 they both responded a bit better and ate their new "treat" without question but without the enthusiasm of their normal treats. I get the distinct feeling they are not excited by the flavor.Day #3 and beyond - they eat their vitamin "treats" without question but also without gusto. As for any notable difference on the dogs it is hard to tell as it is still early. To date, I have not noticed any difference in heat tolerance of my older dog - of course, it has been near 100 degrees every day with very high humidity so every living creature including pet parents is totally wiped out by the temperature.
My sister's 3 dogs recently tried the SportDog vitamins.  The instructions say 1 wafer per adult dog up to 60 pounds.  That was helpful because our household has a 10 pound Rat Terrier, a 20 pound Beagle, and a 40 pound Basset Hound.  The "wafers" are actually round tablets like chewable "Alka-Seltzer" looking tablets.  Each container holds 90 tablets.  At 3 dogs in the house, the container will last us a month.  When opening the container, you can definitely smell the tablets and they do not smell that great.  The dogs didn't seem to care. They ate them.  The Beagle gets a similar tablet as a daily treatment for health issues in her old age.  She does not like the medicine and often picks it out of her dinner even though they are chewable stand alone pills.  She was the only one a bit hesitant to eat this vitamin, maybe as it seems so similar to her medicine.  She did take it in the end and finished it off.  The container states "easy-to-use wafers assist in physical and mental development, energy, stamina, and immunity".  There is a list of ingredients included, but the print is too small for me to read exactly what is in them.  Overall, a small size treat, easily given on a daily bases as extra nutritional aide.  I'm sure our dogs will have no trouble finishing them off over the next month.
Six dogs here; they all love these vitamins. The product is marketed to canine athletes; my dogs get a fair amount of leashed exercise but aren't competing in anything but couch time.I've long thought that the perfect pharmaceutical for me would be a pill that made me love exercise as much as my dogs do.  These doggie vitamins come close, giving my dogs (who eat a medium grade of dogfood) extra energy and life.  I do NOT give the vitamins if I know we won't be able to get out for a few days--I don't need that much energy when they have to be in the yard or on the couch.  Everyone in this pack has a short coat and I can't see any difference in the amount of time I've been feeding the supplement.)On the downside, the bottle I received has the worst label of any supplement I have ever used.  Tiny white text on lime green background is ILLEGIBLE!!!!  I do not know what's in this stuff!The warning said, "do not give to cats and other ruminants..."  Huh?  Cats and ruminants?  I had to get a magnifying glass out to see that the word was "cattle...", not cats.  In my 1.75 reading glasses, in good light, the guaranteed analysis reads, something calcium phosphorus, etc etc and so forth.  If I didn't know what was likely to be there, I couldn't tell anything.\If you're feeding a top-line dogfood, I don't know if these tablets would make a visible difference.  With an illegible ingredient list, it's impossible to know which of the components is something my dogs don't get enough of in their regular food.The dose is one wafer for up to 60 pounds; that seemed a bit broad a range.  My 30# gets half and the aging Chihuahua gets 1/4 tablet.  YMMV.
I know these are vitamins, but my dog considers them treats, and she loves them.  After a month and a half, she's got more spring in her step, and her coat is shinier.  I'll be buying these for her again.
I have a older Chihuahua who is missing many of his teeth and chewing on harder food can sometime be a trouble for him but he has no problem finishing off these wafers that are about as round as a quarter but a bit thicker.  He and my other dog (a poodle mix that will eat anything that goes near her mouth) ate these vitamins right up without hesitation.  As for the health benefits, there has been no noticeable change in either of my dogs after a couple weeks of use, but on the flip side there has been no negative effects either.  One small drawback is the wafer odor, which kind of smells like some human vitamins, does stay on your hand for a while after giving to your dogs.
My dog is 20 lbs. This works for quick, short walks. It isn't long enough to really let the dog walk. But it is small and doesn't get in the way. We are using the small size and a medium would have worked better for a dog my size...she is on the large side of small or the small side of medium. So error on ordering up if you have a dog 18-20 pounds. Would work great for anything smaller.The collar has a slight mechanical squeak when the dog is running around. Doesn't bother her, just worth mentioning.
I really didn't know what to expect when I received this collar- It looked a little strange in the description but having a small dog that I walk a lot I figured it would be practical. Its a little awkward when used only as a collar- The leash portion is big, and a little bulky but very helpful when walking my dog on a regular leash, having a extra safety feature is very nice.Overall it is what is described, a safety collar- Just a little awkward but good to have in case my normal collar/leash fails.
I tried this collar out on two dogs, both smaller miniature schnauzers. One dog was never able to get used to the leash part that hung down.  She just stayed in one spot and acted like she was in trouble no matter us trying to get her to move around.  The other dog acted like it was just an ordinary collar and didn't notice the leash and carried on like normal.  I think before ordering this collar you need to analyze how sensitive your dog is to changes on their collars.  With the dog that didn't mind it, it was a handy addition to have.  It is quick and easy to grab and restrain him if necessary.  It doesn't have a "stop" on it, so the dog can go the length of the cord before being stopped, but it isn't excessively long, so no worries.  I found it very handy and I would like to try it on some of my larger dogs and see how it holds up.
There is no question that the quality of the food you give your pets directly impacts their health and well being.  This product is formulated with natural ingredients, the first being fish as well as rice, barley, vegetbles and fruit.  It is purportedly designed to limit exposure to ingredients that cause skin and coat irritation.I have a senior German Shepherd and two young (hairless) Chinese Cresteds.  The shepherd is quite finicky and tends to have dry skin and a sensitive digestive system.  The cresteds will eat anything with glee but skin sensitivity is an issue.  All three enthusiastically ate this food.  The kibbles are small but large enough not to choke the GSD and small enough to be manageable for the Cresteds (one is quite small, 5 lbs, the other larger at 14 lbs.) There is a light fishy oder but it is not overwhelming. I am glad that companies like IAMS are developing natural and holistic foods for pets.  It seems to be top quality and most importantly, the pets enjoy it.  I will continue to use it.
When looking at dog foods, I first look at the ingredients list.  If a meat of some kind is the first ingredient, I will keep looking.  In this case, the ingredient list starts as follows:Ocean FishBrewers RiceGround Whole Grain SorghumFish MealGround Whole Grain BarleyAnimal FatDried Egg ProductDried Beet PulpFish DigestBrewers Dried YeastI have no complaints with that and in fact, I'm pretty impressed as I don't think of Iams as generally providing high quality ingredients.My dogs love it - no issues there.The main reason I'm not giving it a 5-star rating is this: one of my two dogs is always itchy.  We got her in November when it was past flea season but have looked and can't find any evidence of fleas or ticks.  There are no insect bites that we can see - she just itches a lot of the time and sits down to have a good scratch on a frequent basis.  I had thought that the itching might be caused by food allergies so tried a food that contains no grains - the itching continued.  So when I saw this food and that it is designed for dogs who have food sensitivities, I had high hopes.  But after a week on the food, the itching continues.  It is *possibly* minimized from before but after 7-9 days I would have expected a more dramatic improvement.Nevertheless, I would recommend the food as a high quality diet.
Edit: 1/30 Buster is doing much better on this food and, according to everyone who has seen him, "is looking good!" I'm going to up the star rating to 5 on this product!If you ever met Buster the first thing you'd notice is that he's a far cry from Spike the Rockstar, the gorgeous Chinese Shar-Pei who's the poster boy for Iams Sensitive Natural. Buster would be the last dog in line for a commercial. In fact, the first time I met him, his "mother" about died of embarrassment when he sat in the middle of the living room scratching himself half to death and licking himself silly. Buster is beginning to bald and at times his skin is quite raw. Hundreds of dollars later and countless "treatments" it was determined that he had allergies. No kidding.I've heard many people are excited by this food and they swear it works. I took a look at the shelves at the supermarket and there was only one lone bag left on the shelf. Iams Sensitive appears to have been formulated on the premise that certain foods are triggering many of the allergies dogs suffer from. The food, sans chicken, corn, wheat, and soy, could potentially eliminate allergens that drive Buster and other dogs bonkers.In people barley and rice allergies are rare and, as two of the main ingredients, could be safely eliminated as allergens in dogs as well. The Iams Sensitive will most likely provide a sufficient protein source for the dog who uses this food and most likely will make his or her coat shine from the Omega-3 fatty acids. Is this food palatable? My dog went wild when the UPS man arrived and she tried to dig into the bag so I would tend to say it is. But what about poor Buster? He will soon start on the Iams, but it will take a bit of time before we know. I'm going to give this product four stars, but will come back to edit at a later time. If it works, I'll up it a star and Buster will quit being an embarrassment ... hopefully.
My dogs have been eating grain free for a while and have done quite well. I was eager to try this because it is fish-based and very low on grains.One dog liked it so much he'll take the kib as a treat. The other one, much pickier, realizes it's not a treat but he does eat every bit of it for his meals.So far so good. No ill effects, and I feel like it's a healthy alternative. The only quibble I have is that I'd like to know more about the 'ocean fish.' In the past I've given the dogs salmon dog food. Is there salmon in this food? What other kind of fish? Why is Iams being so secretive about it?
We are trying it for Donny's (the dog) skin issues.He a sensitive stomach and skin dog and are looking forward to see if there are real results with this. We are still in the early stages of transitioning him onto this food, but it's palatable and he seems to like it if nothing else.
When I used to work at a hardware store, we always had to explain to people why our dog foods cost so much more than "other stores". I explained that those cheep brands used filler material that just went straight thru their dog. When they looked at me funny, I asked them, "How safe is it to walk in their back yard?" That they understood.Iams dog foods are all quality products with very healthy ingredients, remember the ingredients are listed in order of quantity, so meat should be the first ingredient. This food is designed for dogs with sensitive digestion. One reason some dogs are such picky eaters is because they may be having digestive problems. And of course, dogs are carnivores, so many have problems digesting wheat, corn and soy products.My dog can be finicky, but she went right after this dog food without reservation. And as she is getting on in dog years, it should be more healthy for her as well.
We have 3 large breed dogs and none of them have sensitive systems or food allergies of any kind. We have Rocky (65pd) black and tan coonhound, Nellie (60pd) Walker coonhound and Buddy a (75-80lb)Blue Heeler. Rocky really isn't too picky about what he eats and he cleans his bowl if I add a bit of warm water to this food. Nellie is a little more particular about what she eats and she seems to like this Iams fairly well. Buddy on the other hand has always been more of a picky eater and he has not once, cleaned his bowl while I've been feeding this Iams.I wish Buddy did like this food as it does have a healthy ingredient list. Every dog is different. Buddy's favorite food is Gravy Train and the other dogs love it as well. I'm sure that Gravy Train cannot compete with the healthy ingredients in this Iams, but if Buddy won't eat this Iams it doesn't matter what's in it. It just gets wasted, cause Buddy is like a cat, if he doesn't like it he isn't eating it no matter how hungry he is.This food is quite expensive at around $45 per 25 pound bag. If you have plenty of money or you only have one dog to feed that likes this food, I could see where the price might not bother you. If you are on the budget plan and/or have more than one dog than the cost of this food would probably be enough to scare you away. The Gravy Train that all of my other dogs like is $8 for 17 pounds, so since all of my dogs won't eat this, it won't become a staple for my dogs.

This is the most unique dog treat I've seen. The liquid treat is dispensed from a container that reminds me of a large lip gloss tube with a roller. I've given this unique dog treat "4 stars" instead of five as an average based on the varied reactions from my two small dogs. The smaller Malti-poo loved the treat and from his reaction would give it "5 stars". He immediately licked the roller, received the treat, and wanted more. Our Cavalier King Charles Spaniel is a pickier eater in general and wouldn't even try it at first. He finally did, but didn't seem to like it. We have the chicken flavor and it may be he just didn't like the flavor.Since our Malti-poo likes it so much, I have just ordered the three-pack that has chicken, liver, and bacon flavors. The three-pack is a better value than the individual packs and I'm hoping our Cavalier will like one of the other flavors better than the chicken. This is a unique idea to reward dogs with a treat without filling them up like traditional dog treats.** Update:  I ordered the three-pack and my Cavalier definitely likes the bacon flavor much better than chicken!
This is like a deodorant bottle with gravy in it.  My dogs took to it right away and did every trick as if I had a chunk of steak in my hands.  I figure it's a lot cheaper than conventional treats and not as messy as wet ones.  You do have to squeeze the fluid out sometimes so if they aren't ready for it, it drips.  If you aren't over a rug or other cloth surface it's not a problem, because they'll lick it off the floor.  I do have to keep it out of reach when I'm not using it because I'm afraid they'd jump up when I'm not looking and run off with it for me to discover it all chewed up with a stained carpet under it!
Our dog is a hugh White English Bulldog about 3 ft tall and 6 feet long. She loves bacon and loves the flavor of this, but she tries to bite and take the bottle away.The bottle is a roller ball like roll on deodorant, and being a big dog she could choke on this if she did get it in her mouth, which is why we give 4 stars. she loves water out of squeeze bottle and would think this would do better in that type of bottle.I would reccommend this for small to medium dogs, but not for the Mastif breeds.
This is a nice idea for a low calorie dog treat.It looks just like a roll-on antiperspirant, and you have to roll the ball to get it going. One problem is that this is a syrup or other liquid that is pretty sticky and I usually have to get the ball rolling myself each time. Also, once I offer it to my dogs they can get one lick but cannot get the ball moving.The other problem I've had is my dogs want to take the whole thing, not just lick the surface of it. They seem to like the taste because they really grab the whole thing.I think it's a fun idea and it does seem to taste great to them, though I wouldn't really recommend it because of the ball being hard for dogs to roll. (in my experience)
I had to give the ball a partial turn to get some of the liquid on it after shaking to mix it up, but after I did that my dog licked away and loved it! This is a good low-cal treat for dogs and would be great as a training aid. Our dog dutifully performed her repertoire of tricks to get more of the treat, and then followed me back to the kitchen as I put it away. The only bad thing is that you DO have to hold it for the dog, but if you're using it as a training aid that may actually be an advantage.There are over 500 licks in each tube and 10 licks is only 1 calorie. I gave my dog 10 licks per trick.FWIW, my dog is a 1.5 year old hound dog/bird dog mutt.
OK, so my dog loves this and she is a picky eater.  I literally had to force her mouth open and give a roll of it on her tongue and she has been hooked ever since.  I usually only give her high quality treats and chews but I figure a few licks of this roll on won't her her.  I don't think I will buy it because it really is not a healthy treat for her but since she likes it and it does not make a mess I gave it 4 stars.  If it was better nutritionally I would have given it 5 stars.  This is definitely a great concept!  I just wish is contained better ingredients.  : )
I have one dog, Rex, a Shepherd/Lab mix and he absolutely loves the Lickety Stik. Now if he sees me get it out, he automatically sits or gives me his paw. So cute.This is a great new idea for doggy treats. Especially when walking my dog- I've gotten tired of carrying a bag of treats for him. And new ideas are always welcome, I don't want to overfeed my dog with other treats... They can get expensive because he's allergic to almost everything.So the lickety sticks come in three flavors- liver, chicken and bacon. Rex loved each one. The container that holds the liquid treat is a roller... I saw another reviewer describe it like a deodorant stick with a roller. That is exactly what the case is like. Unfortunately the liquid doesn't just come out when the ball is licked, the bottle has to be squeezed for your dog. My roller gets stuck if I don't squeeze or push it with my finger.I highly suggest trying this item out, great alternative to milk bones :)
I am only reviewing the Bacon flavor, but my dogs picked up on how this works pretty quickly and love the taste of it.  At first they wanted to bite the bottle and chew it like a treat but I worked with them for about a minute or so and they got down that you only lick it.  I have 3 dogs and all three of them liked the taste of it.  I like it because it seems like a more personal treat than just a dog biscuit.  I recommend this!
Containing Hyaluronic Acid and collagen, each small pill is reputed to equal the effect of two glucosamine chondroitin pills. The single pill is significantly smaller than the average glucosamine /chondroitin tablet and is easy to swallow.But is it equal to or better than glucosamine chondroitin? That depends on who you ask. My brother who suffers occasional inflammation from an old knee injury found these pills remarkably effective. He had no negative side effects and claims relief equal to the glucosamine. My mother, who has arthritis, stopped taking glucosamine supplements as she has problems swallowing. She suffered accordingly. She thought this pill helped. First, she was able to take it without difficulty. She was not certain that it was better than the glucosamine but it did afford her some relief. I have back issues and have taken glucosamine for years. I found this pill convenient but can't say I noticed any effect whatsoever. In fairness, I do take a separate Hyaluronic Acid supplement and my issues are back, not joint related.If you have joint pain, this may afford you some relief. The convenience of the single pill is a plus and there don't seem to be any side effects. Whether it is better than glucosamine seems to be subjective. While I will stick with the glucosamine, those with difficulty swallowing may find both efficacy and ease in this product. Recommended.
This supplement requires at least 30 days to work on the body, but I have already noticed an easing of the pain in my lower back, where I suffer from chronic aches.  The tablets are small and easy to swallow and provide no bitter aftertaste.  I've been taking these long enough now, though, that forgetting to take one a day does bring the aches back.  So while the pain doesn't go away altogether, taking this supplement does lessen the aches.  Once I run out of the pills I'll know for sure!
These come in a 30 count bottle and you are supposed to take 1 each day. Each bottle should last one month. These are smaller in size than some similar pills. This supplement contains 3.3 mg of Hyaluronic Acid which act like joint juice and is supposed to lubricate your joints. It also contains 40 mg of cartilage and potassium chloride that is supposed to help your immune system maintain healthy cartilage. I am not going to pretend to know a lot about joint health. The only thing I can really tell you is whether or not it seems to help me. My joints crack like crazy at times. It&#8217;s usually when I bend down to pick something up. These certainly aren&#8217;t a magic pill that will fix you over night but they seem to be slowly helping over time. There are a variety of different supplements that are supposed to help your joints in different ways. I think these are as good as the other options that I have tried so far.
I have osteoarthritis, mainly in my knees, and have gotten hyaluronic acid shots in my knees about once a year for many years.  The shots provide real relief, reducing the pain and providing lubrication that helps to keep the knees moving freely.  The fact that I get the shots may mean that I'm not a good candidate for this supplement, but I was hoping that they would help with the knees and with my hips and shoulders.  I've taken it for a month now and have seen no noticeable improvement in any of my joints.  I think that the standard glucosamine and MSM supplements provide some small amount of help and I've decided to go back to them instead of continuing this supplement.  As I said, I may not be a good candidate for this supplement, so it's probably worth a try despite my experience.
If glucosamine and chondroitin aren't helping you, you might want to try Type II Collagen and Hyaluronic acid which are in this Move Free Ultra Joint Supplement.  It contributes to normal immune tolerance.  The immune system is actively involved in joint health through interaction with nutrients in your joints.  Other ingredients are cellulose, croscarmellose, sodium boron glycinate, coating (hydroxypropyl methylcellulose, modified corn starch, mica (color), polyethylene glycol, tatamium diioxide, magnesium trislicate, glycerin), magnesium stearate.
My sister prefers to take this tiny Move Free Ultra tablet for sore joints rather than take 2 glucosamine and chondroitin pills.  she says this works much better.ingredients:  hyaluronic acid and UC-II (undenatured type II collagen from polutry) , cellulose, potassium chloride,croscarmelose sodium,boron glycinate, coating (hydroxyprophyl methylcellulose, modified corn starch, mica color, polyethtlene glycol, titanium dioxide, mangesium trisilicate, glycerin), magnesium stearateno added sugar, salt, yeast, wheat, gluten, milk, or preservatives
These are much smaller than I thought they would be.  Most supplements like these end up being like horse pills.  I have stopped taking very many supplements or giant vitamins for any reason &#8211; for instance, all of the multivitamins.  They are so large that I feel like I am choking.Most of the time, I have been able to change to gummy vitamins because they are more pleasant and much easier to absorb.  These are said to promote joint health, support joint lubrication, and help preserve joints and maintain cartilage.  Every time they make any of these statements on the package it is asterisked, of course.  Reading the disclaimer that none of these statements have been evaluated by the FDA reminds us that they all should be.  Then we would know what we were getting and what its effects would be.  This is the whole reason for consumer protection laws.I&#8217;m planning to keep using these for awhile in hopes that they will help with my knee troubles.  Right now, I am protecting my knees by not running but that can&#8217;t last much longer.  It is very difficult. I must run.
I've taken Glucosamine for many years and have recently switched to Hyaluronic Acid.  I have found that theMove Free Ultra Joint Supplement with UC-II and Hyaluronic Acid, 30 Countworks really well and is easy to take.  There's something offputting about taking huge pills, so these go down as quickly as my prescription meds.  Schiff SUREDISSOLVE tablets are formulated to disintegrate within one hour (according to the packaging).  With so many options now available, Schiff offers many choices in their Move Free line for total joint health.  Since our population is living longer, I expect that there is a choice for every aging body.  If you have not responded to Glucosamine, I suggest you give this combination of Undenatured Type II Collagen and Hyaluronic Acid a try.  I think I'm starting to prefer this one, but still am not crazy about the Schiff Gummies variety.  I expect that these will decrease in price eventually and would prefer a larger amount in the bottle.  Because these are so small, thirty look dwarfed in the bottle.  FYI, the Undenatured Type II Collagen is from poultry source which doesn't thrill me.
As I age, I am concerned about the health of my joints and cartilage. Many of my friends have already faced surgery for knees, hips, etc. While I am still quite healthy, I am concerned enough to think that I should take a supplement.This one seems pretty good because it's just one pill (not the smallest but not the largest I've taken) a day. The supplement promotes joint health and helps keep the joints lubricated.My biggest problem is with back stiffness, and this product seems to have helped with that.
This is a very good product. My boyfriend swears by Move Free. However, with this specific product, he continues to supplement with chondroitin and glucosamine along with curcumin for inflammation.Hyaluronic acid is a great joint lubricator that holds over 1000x its weight in liquid.
Schiff Move Free Ultra Joint Health is a supplement intended to promote joint health, and it contains cartilage and hyaluronic acid.The claim is that taking the type II collagen proteins in this supplement by mouth will result in immune system tolerance for the same proteins found in the joints themselves.DIrections are to take one caplet daily.The safety-sealed bottle with an easy-dispense top that I received has an expiration date of 04/15, about eighteen months from now. The caplets appear to be of good manufacture and Schiff is a reputable brand.
I need joint supplement for my body as I carry my 3 and 1 year old kids all the time and I only get older. I started to feel my elbows and with a little grease I feel better. I'm not sure if that's the joint supplements or it's in my head but I just started to take joints supplements and the rest of my diet and workout routine is the same.
After another hyaluronic acid product had been slightly disappointing, this one really seemed to help my wonky knees.Unlike early glucosmine tablets, these smaller ones are easy to take.All of the basic info is above, just be aware that this is not a vegan product.
I've spent the last year trying a variety of supplements that are designed for joint pain relief.  The ingredients work for me, but work best in conjunction with glucosamine supplements. I've tried taking plain glucosamine and it works okay for me. I tried taking this supplement by itself and I didn't get as much benefit as they promised. However, when I take all of the ingredients at the same time it gives me more benefit than glucosamine alone.The tablets are very easy to swallow and they digested well. I did not experience any problems with this supplement.
A great product!  As our pets aren't that much different than we are in that regard, care for their mouths is important.  The Dental Chews perform a good service in that regard.I recommend the product!I rate "Zoe Anti-Oxidant 8-1/2-Ounce Dental Chew Bones, Medium"...Four stars!
I am a dog trainer and love to review dog products. chewies are my favorites, I am always buying chewies and trying them out. So these are nice, long lasting,2 plus hrs with moderate chewing dogs, but oh heavens they stink! the dogs of course adore them. I had to take them away and substitute greeneies.so the dogs get them in their garage pen when I vacumn.a week later, I think its possible this chew gave my older sheltie a partial bowel blockage, took a day to disoovle in her gut.
*I let my sister try them with her dog, 'cause she always complains about his breath. ;)(she says):My dog found them really palatable and though I don't think I used them long enough to notice a difference in his breath or with his teeth - a dental chew is no good if the dog wont eat it.
(These are the medium anti-oxidant ones)Our dog likes these well enough.  She's not "crazy" about them, though.  She'll chew on one for a few minutes, but she won't go to town on it like she will other chews (raw hide, pig ears, etc.  So I don't think she "loves" them.Anyway, I broke it down a little further, as I'm sure every dog is different and some dogs might really love these.Pros:- Really nice and hard, will last a long time, take a long time for the dog to chew up.- Made of quality ingredients, no corn, wheat or soy or other junk.- package is nice and neat, not excessive, hard to get open, or anything like that.Cons:- They smell really odd.  Almost like... breakfast sausage, but less appealing.  Our dog keeps her toys and 1 or 2 chews she's working on in the living room.  All the other kinds/brands she has, I can never smell them later.  But even after two days, I can still smell the thing when I walk into the living room.  Not really crazy about that, especially since she doesn't look like she'll finish one sooner than a week.- The price.  To me, the price seems a little high for what you get, even with the subscribe and save.If the smell wasn't so strong, I would probably give these 5 stars.  And our dog is still technically a puppy (lab) so perhaps she'll like them better as she gets a little older.
What else can I say except the dog really liked these treats?  I didn't taste them, but after sniffing the something new for him treat and being a little skeptical he ran off with it and sat down to gnaw for a long time.  A good benefit is there wasn't a nasty smell to the treat before or after the dog eating it like there is with other dental-type pet treats.One thing I want to point out is the size of these treats - they are a lot bigger than a greenie and other similar pet dental treats, as well as a lot tougher which will take them longer to chew.  I have a small dog that weighs a little over ten pounds, so I broke this one in half which seemed like enough for him.See my tongue-in-cheek comment above about not tasting them, but I do believe there is a bit of salt in these, as a few hours after eating them he was extremely thirsty.Overall, this appears to be a good treat for your dog - time will tell if it helps his teeth!
I have two dogs, a medium mixed breed and a small Chihuahua who has had a few rotted teeth pulled.  I gave both one each and the mixed breed ate it right up and finished it off in a couple of minutes.  The Chihuahua on the other hand chewed the end for a couple seconds before going into guard mode.  The broke it in half in hopes that he could chew from the middle which is smaller than the ends.  He was able to crew off a half an inch from the middle before giving up again.  At the end of the day, I figured it was too big for him and tossed what was left to my other dog that was more than happy to finish it off.
I understand that it says vanilla mint flavor, but I also expected it to smell something like that.  To be blunt, it is funky!  All three of my dogs (two cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier)seemed to think that they smelled great, so who am I to judge.  I am careful about the treats that they get because the cocker spaniels try to inhale most of them.  These actually took them a while to annihilate.  Some treats leave a sticky residue on them and the carpet, but these weren't messy.  Although they smelled funky, the smell didn't linger on their breath.  The size was excellent for my dogs.  A lot of treats that are recommended for their size tend to be much smaller.  Six came in the pack, so I waited a while before giving them the second round.  They are a bit too expensive for me to buy regularly.  If they ever go on sale I would probably stock up.  Overall a pretty good product.
I am assuming this is good because my dog ate each one up fast.  No mess like some of the other similar dental chews.  Doesn't smell bad like some others either.  The only problem is that it is too expensive.  These type of products shouldn't cost so much!
Our dog does not suffer from any allergies so that was not a factor for us.  He did enjoy these sticks quite a bit and that is a huge factor for us.  I like that they are calorie controlled.  Even so, I break the sticks in half so they will last longer.  If your pet does suffer from allergies, this is an excellent choice when you combine the health aspect with the enjoyment aspect.
As I had been alerted that just several chew sticks can pack more calories than a regular meal, Zoe's Low Calorie Chew Sticks come in handy when I want to treat the doggies to a snack.  I can actually stop feeling guilty about their collective calorie count(s), thanks to this product!I recommend them!I rate "Zoe Low Calorie 6.6-Ounce Chew Sticks, Large"...Four stars!P.S., The doggies really do like them!  Try them for your doggies!
DMG reputedly boosts the immune system and enhances athletic performance. I have two super active agile Chinese Cresteds and a young German Shepherd. All three enjoyed these little bone shaped chews. and that is part of the problem. These chews are very small. They are fine for the smaller dogs, but skimpy for larger animals. They all loved them but they are not especially economical if you follow the package recommendations. I can't say I have noticed any change in performance but there have been no side effects either. I appreciate the resealable package that keeps the supplements fresh and moist.This is a reputable company that produc4es high quality supplements. Their customer service is responsive and my dogs seems to enjoy the supplements. But the small size really doesn't work for me. If you have small dogs that are active in agility or fly ball, you may want to give this supplement a try.
My dogs like these.  I can't tell if taking these regularly will make them more agile, but four of my five dogs sit for these supplements.  They are soft, don't smell too bad, and break a part rather easily. Feeding these to my dogs as prescribed would not last long, though.  My hesitance to rate this product five stars is the cost.
These tiny little chews come in a 120 count bag that contains a total of 5.6 ounces. One serving is 3 - 4 chews per day for a small dog or even a cat that is under 25 pounds. If you have a larger dog they may have between 4 - 8 chews per day. It's 4 - 6 chews per day for dogs between 25 - 60 pounds and 6 - 8 chews per day for dogs over 60 pounds.  I wouldn't really consider them a chew at all because they are incredibly tiny and most dogs will probably swallow them whole. Although they look like a treat they are truly a supplement to help improve stamina, performance, muscle recovery and your dog's immune system. I haven't noticed my dog having any extra energy but they don't mind eating them. I wouldn't say that they love the taste of them because they are a little plain and dry but they won't turn them down either. If you have an older or lethargic dog or a dog that is often sick then these might be a good option.
My dog loves these little chews.  He is pretty picky and gets an upset stomach easily. I am pleased that these little chews haven't made him sick as other supplements have. I don't care for the smell and was worried that he would not like them. I do keep the bag in a ziplock bag so I don't have to smell them as much.
My dogs loved these, but there was no discernible benefit agility wise.  I've &#34;tested&#34; these with my Golden as well as the Scottie and the Rott/Lab/Mystery-Mix.  The mix (age 13) has hip and mobility issues.  The Golden (age 9) and Scottie (age 4) have no impairment.  Saw no difference with any of them; which is, in a way, a good thing: these did not produce hyperactivity. I did not see any changes. However, I can verify that both the Golden and the Scottie tolerated these well.  Both are on restricted diets and have sensitive skin issues; they had no reactions to these.Overall, I say they are worth a try, your dog will probably enjoy them!  They have the bonus of being super tiny and therefor training treat appropriate.
My 7 year-old Cocker Spaniel Mix didn't like these mini-chews at first. He sniffed them turned up his nose and walked away. I did try coaxing him to at least lick one in my palm, THAT did the trick! He gobbled it up and looked for more. So for the first couple I did do the palm trick and now he looks for more. Just remember these are supplements NOT treats. I would get these again for him.
I'm really not sure how to determine whether these supplements increase my dog's agility or not.  However, she does really like them despite the fact that they are teeny tiny (she is a 70 pound golden retriever/yellow lab mix).  The packaging does warn you to make sure the dog doesn't get into them on its own because they are supplements, not treats, so care should be taken not to let the dog get into the whole bag (although I would also not want my dog to get into a whole bag of treats!)  That being said, its nice to give the dog something she enjoys (in her mind she's getting a treat), and if it has the added benefit of enhancing her agility, so much the better!
I have a couple of dogs, one of which has absolutely no coordination so I was really excited to see these available. I'm giving 4 stars because they are very well packaged with a nice resealable zipper. They are also natural which is much healthier for dogs and not full of fillers. It seems like a really solid product, my dogs just didn't like the taste- which is pretty typical of them.
I admit that I really love most Pet Naturals of Vermont products, and so do my pets.They have consistent high quality, without unhealthy fillers. And whenever I research the ingredients, I'm always impressed.We have a very active Water Spaniel, and this is the time of year she's a hard worker. She flushes and retrieves water fowl, as her DNA dictates.Now I know what some people reading this might be thinking. Before you get annoyed that she hunts, think about what you feed your dog and cat. Chances are, even if the meat is 'organic' or even 'human quality', that animal did not have a natural, happy life. My dog eats the birds or deer, and nothing is wasted. We thank the animal for providing food for our pets.These healthy treats give her an extra boost, and it's nice that they support her immune system.And if you are reading this, you are a dog lover, which means you probably have dog lover friends. Every person I know with a dog that does agility work is so impressed that there is a product geared just for them...making these a thoughtful gift for furry friends and the humans they own!One star missing for the taste. She only eats them when mixed in food.
I gave these to my two chihuahuas and one loves them, but the other one vomited every time I gave him one. We spaced out the days that we tried them and he vomited each of the 3 days that he ate one. He does have a sensitive stomach, so I try to introduce new foods gradually. I reserved the rest for the one that can tolerate them. She likes them, although she's not exactly training for anything. The package says I can give her 4 a day for daily immune support, so I don't have to give her the full dose for agility training. I'm happy with that and the idea of improving her immunity is a nice bonus. The chews are very thin, unlike the photo in the product description. They are perfect for tiny mouths. I struggled with the star rating because I was reviewing on behalf of two dogs with very different experiences with this product. I don't think it's a bad product simply because one dog couldn't tolerate it. The product is made with high quality ingredients and a lot of dogs can benefit from it, including my other dog.
I think these chews are very good for rewarding your dog.They're very small and thin.  Different than the picture.  They are bone shaped but they're much thinner.  Probably no thicker than a quarter.  They look different from the picture as well.  It almost looks like a piece of leather or suede cut into the shape of a bone.Because they are so small, it's okay to reward your dog many times a day without having to give an actual fatty snack each time.My dog eats these and is happy to be rewarded but you can tell she'd rather have the fatty snacks.  She won't turn them down but she'll give you a look like are you sure you don't want to give her something better.I think these are great training chews and I would recommend them.  Just know that your dog may not be jumping for joy over them although they'll probably take them nonetheless.
My cat is willing to eat these, so there is one positive. I have not, however, noticed any health changes positive or negative. My cat is prone to eye infections, so I am hoping these will help with that problem. This means that I can only know for sure if these DO NOT work. I guess that's the problem with these types of supplements.
My cats sometimes get this icky upper respiratory cat cold that gooks up their eyes and lasts for weeks. And one of my cats has a chronic sinus-and- nose-glop issue that I was hopeful these suplement would help manage.So far, while taking a supplement a day, no cat has contracted any new colds, and this is the winter season where they tend to catch them. I can't say if the cats would not have got sick anyway, but since they all enjoy these chews (they think they are treats), I'm happy to hand them out.My one cat with the sinus issues seems to be breathing easier, and that is a relief to me, even though he doesn't seem to notice - his easygoing nature is the same, either way.I will continue to purchase these nice supplements for my cats in the winter times, and will continue to observe my red boy's sinus issues.
I think extra lysine is good idea for cats who are finicky eaters.  Most quality cat food contains enough lysine for overall ocular health, but a little extra is probably good.  I have a 17 year old cat who is still in very good health, but the vet has told me that she has a degenerative eye disease.  I still see her eyes as crystal clear, but I feel better giving her one of these chews everyday.I think they are reasonably priced, and my cat seems to like them.  She's rather particular about what she eats and has even refused baked salmon bits on occasion, so I was glad to see her eat these.  I'm pretty sure though, that she doesn't give a flip about the shape of it.
One of the little kitties must have been confused because these L-lysine supplements are shaped like fish but smell and taste like chicken liver.There are sixty supplements in a package.  Each contains a daily  dose of 250 mg of L-lysine which is an amino acid that can help treat respiratory problems and conjunctivitis caused by feline herpes virus infections.One of the boys thought it was a treat and the other wouldn't eat it, which is normal with those two!
I have three Adult Cats who I had found and captured in my yard a few years back as kittens.  They not only had respitory issues but one also had a infection in her eye.  I treated it but she has some scaring and lost some of her sight... (But still manages to catch the occasional moth on the wall... Go figure).  My vet suggested I use a L-Lysine supplement to help make her stronger and help with the respitory issues in all three cats.  The good part about these vitamins is the fact that I don't need to invest in pill pockets.  My cats are ravaged pigs and want to eat or at least taste everything... They seem to thoroughly enjoy these vitamins and would go for seconds if allowed. I would suggest this supplement to anyone who has a cat who is in need of a Lysine supplement of some sorts.
I use to buy this brand at the local pet store. I trust the brand. Do these do wonders? I don't know but I like knowing that I'm attempting to do something that's good for my pet. I don't own cats but we have one that comes to our house almost everyday and it gobbled them up!
Of my 3 cats, two of them go wild for this and the other will not even try it.  The one that will not try it has not been a picky eater in the past so I really think this vitamin is just about taste preference of cats.  I do like that the cats think they are treats when they are really so much more.  It is soft and chewy for the cats just like a treat so they are none the wiser and I feel good about giving them one a day to help with their health.
I was a little apprehensive when I saw that it was also a cat product but he loves them.  He is a very picky eater plus he is diabetic so I have to careful about what he gets feed.But according to my dog Duke-he gives it a thumbs up!
I wanted to really use the treats a few different times and such to make sure they didn't upset donny's stomach and be able to give a more detailed review. :) Thanks for sending me treats - Donny (and now Bella) love it. :)So for the Raw boost bites:I really liked these treats because they were such a novelty and treat and my dog gobbled them up super fast. I think I they would better if they were smaller so that the dog doesn't swallow a huge disc of a treat. I really enjoyed knowing that I was giving my dog a really healthy treat every time and it wasn't going to add to his waistline too much. I think due to the large size of the treat and having a small dog I would see if there was a smaller treat size then I would buy them. They would be great for a larger dog though so you wouldn't have to worry about the large size of the treat.
I was really happy to have these Nature's Variety Instinct Raw Boost Bites Freeze-Dried chicken treats when my dog wasn't feeling well and wasn't eating a lot of food.  I broke them into little pieces and gave them to her as a snack.  She likes stuff like this much better when she thinks it is a treat, rather than presenting it as a meal.  I have purchased other Nature's Variety products quite often in the past, but this is my first time getting the freeze dried treats.  I like that meat, fruit, and vegetables are the main ingredients and feel confident in feeding this to my dog.  The only reason I removed a star from the rating is because of the price.  It is quite expensive for the amount offered.  I will probably continue to buy another brand (Stella & Chewy's) freeze dried options because the price, while still high, is much better for the amount of product and my dog seems to like them both the same.
What can I say?  The dog liked it - I certainly didn't taste it.  He didn't gobble it down at first since it was something new so let me describe it....I handed it to him and, after a few cautious and tentative sniffs he took it from my hand and took it over to his favorite spot.  He set it on the ground, licked it a few times to roll it over and sniff the other side - this went on a couple of times and humorous to watch.  From there, he was like a little kid and took a small sample bite to give it a try.  After a few tentative chews and a reluctant swallow, he looked up to see if it was ok to proceed.Proceed he did, as he crunched away at the remainder of the treat and, after a satisfactorily smack of the lips he ran over to beg for another (which he didn't get).  I do like the fact there is a lot of meat products vs. garbage in the Made in the USA treat!
OK, I have to say this is an expensive doggie treat, but my dogs practically steamroll one another to get to the treats. The circular disks of freeze dried chicken are rather big- bigger than a silver dollar and more than a half inch thick. They are very light because of the nature of the treat, and the dogs practically inhale them despite their size. I have 4 dogs and one is somewhat picky, but they all love these treats.There are under 20 treats in the package, so for $10-13 per package and with 4 dogs, they get about 4 treats a piece per package. And since these are treats, not bones, they don't last very long. I think these might be the "Doggie Christmas Stocking" type treat for special occasions, not an everyday treat due to the expense. But nonetheless, the dogs LOVE them!**4 stars due to price, but product gets 5 stars!
My dog likes this product.  That is most important.  It doesn't have a foul odor...  The description says you can break it in pieces... you can but it is a bit dry and pieces don't come off in the same size consistently.  Overall I would recommend.
My Australian shepherd (AKA "garbage-gut") would kill for these. On the other hand she would kill for a chicken strip or a bite of buttered toast so I don't know if you should depend on her for a review. My ultra-suspicious , paranoid  cat (who has NEVER eaten a treat) sucked these right down when I crumbled them by her food. ...."I just KNOW you're trying to poison me, you old bat.".... They have excellent ingredients, no grains or gluten.I'm not sure if it's fair to take off a star for price. I try to get the best food for my pets (I pay $50 for a bag of blue buffalo for the dog) but ,to be honest ,I don't think I could justify over $40 for a pound of treats, good tasting and healthy or not.If YOU can these would be a good choice.
We tried the Pledge roller thing for picking up hair and it works pretty well, but it's also a big unit that you use once and throw away. That always seemed really wasteful to me, so I was eager to try this Pruven Pet Hair remover with the sheets that get thrown away, rather than the entire contraption.We have 6 large dogs in the house permanently and a couple of smaller dogs that visit on a regular basis, so keeping dog hair etc under control is a constant project that I take seriously. (you won't find dust bunnies or layers of animal hair or a doggie odor anywhere in this house) This Pruven hair remover has these sort of sticky sheets that attach to the handle and then you rub or pull the unit over the chair or drapes or whatever. The rubbery side of the sheet grabs the hair and holds on to it, when it's full you just throw the sheet away. It does work, but note to self - you need to put some elbow grease into your efforts to get the best result. We have a couple of fabric arm chairs that the dogs share with us when watching tv and this tool did get the dog hair out of the seams as well as the vacuum does.While I do think this works and it works pretty well, if you have multiple pets and clean every single day, using the Pruven sheets will get expensive very quickly! We'll keep this on hand for spot use only and stick to using the vacuum for the daily requirements.
This hair remover is meant to clean pet hair from surfaces. It has a comfy, sturdy handle and an ~6x4 inch working surface with a replaceable 'hook sheet' (made by 3M). The tiny hooks work well in capturing pet hair from the car seat or couch very well. It works really well compared to the sticky roller hair removers we have used. One advantage is the ability to move them in any direction on these surfaces - circular motions worked very well. The only gripe is that it does not work well on fleece surfaces.We have a black lab and he does shed quite a bit. We were able to easily remove hair from microfiber sofa surfaces and cloth car seat surfaces. However, it didn't work well on his fleece bed. The unit comes with 5 sheets, but they seem to last a bit before 'wearing' out.
I used this to get dog hair off my futons. It worked quite well, and was much simpler/easier to use than a vacuum. I got the whole futon clean with 1 sheet and didnt have to keep rolling over the same spots most of the time. If your frugal you could also pick off the excess hair on the sheet and keep reusing it as it works OK even after that. I couldnt find the exact refill sheets for these on Amazon though.. that should be checked out, since this thing is pretty useless if you cant get the refill sheets for it.The key with whether or not you should buy this is if you dont want to be dealing with vacuums. If so i recommend this, overall this is a nice quick, alternative to using a vacuum cleaner to get pet hair off.
The test--ground in cat hair forming a nest on my favorite cotton black wrap.The subject-white and cream cats that shed incessantly and love sleeping on my favorite wrap.The result-mixed. The hair came off, but not any better than the sticky sheets that are like a big piece of tape. Perhaps this will work better on furniture and such, but on clothing it was okay. We don't really have any furniture with cat hair that the vacuum can't get. So...
I was using cabinet shelf liner underneath my kitty litter boxes and it semi worked, but this mat work much better. With the mat it does fall through to the ground, it gets stuck in the mat and that is nice. But, like others have said, it is small. So, my cats are still able to track out kitty litter but not as much as before.I do find it a bit difficult to get the kitty litter out of it onces it has been trapped by the mat. So cleaning the mat is a bit difficult.But all in all huge improvement from what I was using before.
We have six cats. Yes, six! So obviously litter tracking is a huge issue in my home. I've tried multiple products with little luck. The Pruven Litter Trap Mat is actually doing a really good job. We've had it set up for about two weeks, and the amount of litter being tracked on the floor has definitely decreased. I also like that it is made out of an easy to clean material. I'm all about anything that can be taken outside and hosed down. My cats also don't seem to mind stepping on the product. I've watched them actually jump over other litter trappers I've tried instead of stepping on them. I'm planning to order extra mats (just the larger size) for our other litter boxes very soon!
I have multiple cats and some don't seem to like walking on this, so they just jump over it, and one thinks it is just as good as the litter box so has been squatted on.
Pros:  My 5 cats seem to really like the feeling of this mat under their feet. It is nice and thick. It seems to trap litter fairly well on the small area it covers. It is very easy to shake out and to rinse and wash this. I've even put it in my washer, (though, I might not recommend that for everyone, depending on what kind of washer you have) on the delicate cycle and it held up nicely.While this product seems to work well for what it's intended to do, I would highly recommend that you get a larger size. The 16x20 that I am reviewing isn't big enough for the long side of one of my uncovered boxes and the cats end up stepping out on the other side. Also, I don't really like the way it was packaged. It comes folded in a package and it takes forever for the folds to come out, so it doesn't lie flat down until the folds come out.I agree with the reviewer who said this would be a much better mat in a much larger size, so you could put the cat box on top of it that way all the "exits" are covered. For my needs, I just think this size is way too small to do much good, unless your litter box has walls on all but, one side, so the cat has no way else out, but where this mat is.In the mean time I will probably use this mat behind my one cat box that's in a corner so it will pick-up all the scratched out bits that fall. I had been using a large piece of cardboard underneath my 3 boxes to catch the litter when the cat's stepped out of the box and it works better for my needs.
We have an elderly chihuahua who has reached the point where she has to go outside several times during the night. Since she can't see in the dark, she has to be carried out to the yard and watched to help her back in. We have a very tired owner who needs rest. So far, they haven't made Depends for dogs, so I went with these.The very first night I put down one of these pads, she understood what it was for and used it. Tired owner got rest. Elderly dog with weak bladder was happy! Carpet under pad was equally happy!No mess, no fuss.Because of the size, these would work well with small female dogs. Not sure how they would work with males or larger dogs.Edited ...After two weeks of use, I am even more in love with these pads. Perhaps because she is well trained, she understood their purpose, and whenever she needs to go during the night she uses these. My key concern was realized one night when she only made it partially onto the pad.  These are very small, and when I replace them, I will be looking for larger pads.
We used these pads on senior & middle aged dogs & for an overflow to a kitty litter box.  The training pads worked well for the middle age dog & the cat box, but my senior, arthritic dog had a hard time hitting the pad evenly because the pad slipped on her when she tried to use it (we have tile floors).I cannot smell the special attractant that is suppose to be in the Pruven pad, so I just have to assume that it is there because the dogs found the pad.  If used properly by the pet, the pad does absorb well & there is no leakage onto the floor.Plastic side down, tissue side up.  The plastic is slick, so if you use them on a tile or vinyl floor, the pad slips & slides.  Pruven (3M) does make aPruven PP-RG-2X4 Training Pad Gripper, 20.7-Inch by 3.54-Feetto keep the training pad in place.The pads work well.  I don't think that the "special attractant" warrants a much higher price, so I took one star off because of the price.
I have a 16 year old Pomeranian who has, unfortunately, become incontinent in his old age. We have taken to leaving training pads around the house for him, and the ones we were buying at PetSmart weren't so great -- they had to be thrown out after just a few dribbles and I would sometimes find that urine had soaked through the pad onto the tile below. However, these 3M training pads are great. They're thicker and the quality is better so there are fewer accidents to clean up. I have also noticed much less smell because these are so absorbent.The only downside is that they're quite expensive. Even given the better quality of the product in comparison to the ones I buy at the pet store, it's more cost effective to purchase the no-name brand especially as those are offered in bulk.
So I got these pads for my dog because occasionally when we leave the house she has an accident, I've put these down and well so far she hasn't actually had any accidents since we've been gone. I'm not sure if she just doesn't know what to do or what but these have actually had the reverse effect for us. The dog doesn't use them, or the floor anymore...I'll keep this review handy and we'll keep putting the pads out when needed and if things change I'll update this review.
I foster and train puppies- I use a lot of these training pads- These are very strong and absorbent.. But I purchase regular adult pads as they are so inexpensive.. These are supposed to have something in them to attact dogs to them, but never seen that really work for my newly trained pups..Again these are made well, stick to my tile well- Just a little expensive!
I was taken by surprise by these pads because I hadn't thought of using them this way.  Both my dogs are past the puppy stage and go outside to do their business, but we have an aging cat that sometimes can't quite make it all the way into the litter box.  Bless her heart she still tries but lately she's been having accidents outside, or partially outside the box.  I opened up 3 pads, lifted up the cat box and set it back down on the edges of the training pads to securely hold them down.  Kitty went to use the litter box and a lot of urine went on the outside and some trickled down the side of the litter box but one of the pads caught all of it including a poop that didn't quite make it into the box.Each of these pads are almost 2ft. square, soft, apparently waterproof (but we have the litter box already on a large piece of thick plastic), and they seem to do the job just fine.  I don't have to use a wet cleaning rag to clean up the plastic underneath the cat box anymore, or at least not as often.  These pads are really a big deal to me because urine would sometimes run underneath the litter box and I wouldn't be aware of it until it started stinking and then it was a super nasty mess to clean up.  I can't compare them to other pads because these are the only ones I've used in several years.  However, even if I don't buy this particular brand of training pads I have a solution to our litter box problem.
For the most-part I'd say these do what they say. I have never used puppy pads but my new beagle is...well...a real pi*ser :)  Our previous dogs and current large dog have always been trained to use the doggie door and outdoor kennel run. The beagle has been (finally) trained to do the same, but oddly still thinks one area indoors is her to-go place if she just doesn't feel like going all that way to the run. Well, I read up on using puppy pads and have been trying this Pruven and so far, so good. She is only going on the pads, not in her to-go place, but there were some damp spots the next day. So, I'd say these are good for less than 24 hours. At this price, that's kind of a let-down. I can't even imagine having a bigger dog, and ours is a 'pocket' beagle.
I use these to put under my rabbits cage; because sometimes he sprays it outside the cage. Before getting these, i used Companion training pads. After trying these out, i can conclude they both do an equal job; so if you happen to find the Companion brand cheaper, you could go for those as well.No need to worry about anything leaking, these get the job done and absorb it all. One thing that could be worrisome though is these pads are quite light. The Companion ones i use are quilted on the back and seem more likely to be able to stay in place than these Pruven training pads. Unfortunately i cant test this out because i have no puppy or cat but i suggest checking other reviews for any mentions of this.
Just recently, I got a new puppy. Though, I'd been using training pads before that, (Sergeant and Out! pads) for one of my male cat's who likes to urinate outside of the box. I picked these out because, they had attractant on them and the Sergeant pads, I had used didn't have it.My puppy has been using these probably 75% of the time, more than he went on the unscented pads. It seems like the attractant helps, along with praising him each time he uses them. They seem to be very absorbant and so far they haven't leaked through the plastic backing.Though, before I got these in the mail, I found another brand with attractant (Out! training pads) at my local Family Dollar for $4.00 for 14 pads- compared to $7.98 for these. These are the same size as the Out! pads at 21"x 23". The Out! pads are also quilted and the Pruven pads are not quilted, and they seem lighterweight, so the puppy is more apt to drag them off when he walks off the pad.Overall, these work and they work well, but, I do think they are quite expensive. When I compare $4.00 to almost $8.00 and the fact that these are not quilted, I won't be switching over brands, as the Out! works as well for my puppy's and my cat's needs and also has an attractant.
I started using this when it came rather then the other usual brand I bought before spring. The amount is more then I am use to with others so it left a pretty big wet spot on him. the nozzle isn't as easy to get through fur onto skin which is also a downfall however as for the prevention of ticks we will have to wait to see if I find any on him or not as these next couple months go along. we do live in an area where ticks are around a lot and we walk through woods, we also have a cabin with lots of woods and tall grass so he is exposed to them on a daily basis. I will update
I've been a user of Advantage for about 6 years but the price is so high that I just can't justify it if there are other, cheaper options. I jumped at the chance to review this product that promises the same kind of prevention but for much less money.What I found is that it does work. So far with bugs starting to swarm out here in the mid-South my dog hasn't had any ticks or fleas and hasn't been seen scratching so I'm very happy!The only downside to this is how hard it is to apply. It comes with this applicator that helps you squeeze out the medicine but I found that even a little bit of pressure and all the stuff came out in a great glob that I had to try to spread out. It left a huge over-medicated spot on my dog's shoulders and made more work for me than it should have. In my experience with Advantage, you simply apply some of the meds from the applicator and then go to the next spot. I've never had it all squirt out. Maybe I'll get better with continued applications, but this wasn't new user friendly.Overall, I'm very happy with this lower cost option that works.
I used this on my doberman who doesn't spend a lot of time outside, but now that the weather is getting nicer, she has been going out and rolling around in the grass. This product goes right into it's applicator for easy use. You need to put it along the dog's back. I did have a little bit of a problem getting it on her skin as opposed to just on her fur. It also seemed to be a little oily. There have been no adverse reactions from putting it on her and she has no fleas or ticks on her.I would recommend this to anyone who is on a budget, doesn't have a major flea problem and just wants to be safe that their indoor dog does not bring fleas into the house. If you have a dog that hikes with you and is outside more often, I would opt for the brands that the vet sells.
We spend a lot of time outdoors with our dogs, and we have three lovable pooches of varying sizes.  We have a standard schnauzer, a lovable 15 pound mutt and a 8 pound cairn terrier.  Frontline is pricey, and I worry about the effectiveness of flea collars.  I thought I would give this a try.  The kit contains an applicator and three little packs of flea and tick lotion and instructions.  You put the pack into the applicator and when you close the applicator it pops the flea and tick lotion open and ready to distribute.  Use the right size for your dogs, otherwise you'll have too little coverage or a big old mess.  Start at the top of the shoulders and move back to the hips above the back legs.  My dogs have longer hair and I found the application process a breeze!  In a day or so the dogs hair and natural oils distribute the lotion to cover their bodies.  I didn't have a mess and I felt confident I put it on right and things worked as they should.  But it is easy to part my dogs hair and see what I'm doing.  I found the standard schnauzer the hardest to do.  Her hair is cut much shorter and she's also a littl more reactionary to cold - perhaps I should have held the pack in my hand to warm it up a little for her.  But I really didn't have any problems.  So for more then a flea and tick collar but less then frontline I felt confident I did this right and my furry friends were protected.
We've been using Frontline Plus for years.  This product seems to control fleas and ticks plus mosquitoes and costs less.  From a comparison of the two products - "Biospot and Frontline Plus kill fleas, their eggs and ticks. Biospot also kills mosquitoes."The comparison went on to indicate that Frontline allows you to bathe your pet once it's dry where Bio Spot is likely to be removed by soap and water, but remain active if the pet just gets wet.Seems like a more affordable solution for once a month treatment that might also provide some added protection from mosquitoes.
yes there will be people bashing this product because 1 in a million dogs will have a reaction but that can happen with ANY product. I have been using biospot for 20 years on over 7 dogs in that time and never one flea, tick or bad reaction.
I got the 3 month supply of this Bio Spot Defense, I like the applicator be certain you get close to the skin as some reviews mentioned it can easily kind of squirt out on you or the dogs hair instead of their skin. Still the applictor is a plus +++ Our cat died so we did not have to worry about keeping the dog quarantined from Kitty Kat beware if you have a cat that sleeps with your dog it may be an issue. It works well you should give it a try the price is fair also and if your doggie gets out and about with you in "nature" definitely give it a try.
I used this on my dog- I have been using another brand that works good but isn't highly rated because it causes reactions in some dogs.  My dog will always act a bit neurotic after getting flea drops but it was minimal with this product, so that was good.  He did have a few fleas on him when I put it on - it had rained and been warm so we'd had a big hatch out of new fleas, I'm sure.  It was also at the end of his flea med cycle so he had picked up some.It took about 2 days to really work and now I'm not seeing fleas on him.  I probably should have given him a bath before I put it on, but I wanted to see if it worked - and it does seem to have killed the fleas.I don't like this applicator though.  When you use it, AIM UP with the point because I didn't know to do that, and when it snapped shut I ended up with a squirt of flea drops down the front of my nightgown.  It's not like the applicator really keeps the drops IN until you squeeze- they will come out if it is upside down!  It just helps you squeeze the tube once your ready to put it on the pet.  I've had better luck with products that didn't have an applicator, although I appreciated the instruction sheet showing WHERE to put the drops on my dog.
I was told by a vet tech that one should use a flea/tick product all year long.  Unfortunately due to the cost I usually don't do this.  I'm a long-time user of Frontline but I thought maybe I'd try Bio Spot for a change.This one comes with an applicator.  If you're not familiar with products like this, it comes in little plastic ampules & you bend the top and apply to your dog.  This one you put in the applicator and it opens it for you, however I did still manage to get some on my hands.You part the dog's hair from neck to tail and try to get the liquid on the skin.  Actually I find it easier to apply without the applicator, but your experience may be different.  (I have labs & dobie)Another thing is this seems to be thicker and I could still see it on their coat about a week later.  It's gone now.  This actually isn't a problem as none of the three tried to lick it off.But the bottom line is that so far no scratching and I haven't seen any fleas.I will finish the 3 pack and if there's a change, I will edit this review.Thank you.MEF
The flea defense products I have used in the past were really simple, cut it open and apply.  The Bio Spot Defense also includes a "Smart Shield Applicator" which just seems like a waste of plastic.  It is easy to use, it opens right up, put in the flea applicator, close and it is ready to use.  I guess it is slightly less messy than the products I have used without a "Smart Shield Applicator" but still seems unnecessary.  As for the actually flea defense product (which also claims to kill ticks along with flea eggs and larvae as well as kill and repel mosquitoes for thirty days and starts to work within fifteen minutes), I use this products as a preventative measure and have not had a problems with fleas or ticks on my dog since I have started using it so it is definitely a worthy product.  I would just rather buy something where I do not have to pay extra for a needless applicator.
I have used the expensive vet recommended products and biospot and biospot products work just as well as the expensive ones.  My dogs have never had a reaction to the biospot products, I use a little less product on my chihuahua as she seems to hate the flea products.
This was easy to apply, though I still managed to get a little on my finger. My dogs did not FREAK OUT like they used to with another brand I used, so this stuff must be gentler on their skin. This will be my go-to brand of flea and tick defense.
I know this product did kill fleas..in 15 minutes?  I don't know.  I don't believe it has lasted a month but it has worked.  It works more effectively on the lighter coated dogs.  Even with the ingenious applicator to get down deep into thick fur, those thick coated dogs still had fleas left.  You can't see through the packaging to know how much is left in the individual vial..it would be better if you could.. since you are supposed to put several spots along the dogs back all the way to the tail.  I have no idea about mosquito/tick killing, I'm happy to say haven't had that problem yet!
I have three dogs ranging from 8 to 14 pounds, and they all adapted well to this food. My two boys loved it from the start. My little girl, a Chihuahua, took some time to adjust. She wouldn't touch it at first. I gave her a little bit on the plate with her regular canned food (Blue), and gradually she has begun to eat it. Now she seems to like it just as much as her regular food.It looks like stew, with shredded pieces of meat, vegetables, and gravy. This is a nice change for them, different from the typical ground up canned food. It doesn't smell bad, as dog foods go. And, for the most part, the ingredients are all healthy. The only ingredient I'm not crazy about is the mysterious 'Natural Flavor', which can mean just about anything at all. The word 'Natural' has few limitations in food labeling.
I appreciate being able to try the Nutrish food tubs.  Our aging terrier really likes these.Each tub provides two meals for her and is very easy to serve and store the leftover half for the next meal.The food looks good with plenty of sauce and a variety of identifiable ingredients in it.  Our dog has lost some teeth in recent years so wet foods comprise the majority of her diet.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is the price.  It looks good and our dog loves it, but I think the price is a little high.  I will keep it on my list of foods to choose from because I like to rotate what I feed our dog rather than rely on a single brand or flavor.  There are too many recalls on a regular basis.Since Rachael Ray is both a dog lover and a food expert, I have a little added trust in a brand with her name on it.
You will not find anything this wholesome: Lamb Broth, Lamb, Dried Egg Product, Chicken, Pea Protein, Carrots, Brown Rice, SpinachOur 15 year old miniature fox terrier is totally precious, and with such a short life span, spending a tiny bit extra each month to ensure good health (and lower vet bills) is a no brainer.The little one loves to eat so I she gets 4 feedings a day and the tub lasts 2 days supplemented with RR Nutrish dry.my only question - what is the "Natural Flavor" ingredient?Thanks Rachel!
Rachel Rays Nutrish Naturally Delish Wet Dog Dog Food, Chicken Paw Pie Recipe, came in an 8-Ounce Tub and I received a pack of eight.  Eight containers were plenty of dog food to be able to tell if my picky eaters would eat it.  I have three Cocker Spaniels and they take turns being picky eaters.  I have one that will only eat one particular dog food.  I have tried the Beneful and it comes packaged exactly the same, same shaped container and lid and looked very similar. They ate the Beneful for a while then got where they didn't want to eat it anymore.  Experts say that you should pay attention to the first ingredient and it should be either, chicken, beef, fish, not chicken meal or corn meal, so I was a little taken aback when I read the first ingredient is Chicken Broth, and then the second ingredient is chicken.  It has sweet Potato, Green Beans, Pineapple, Pea Protein, Vitamin E Supplement, Vitamin A Supplement, Vitamin B12 Supplement, and Vitamin D3 Supplement.  But the most important feature is did my dogs eat it.  Yes, they did!  They ate all eight containers and acted like they really liked it.  I like that vitamins have been added as two of my dogs are older and they can definitely use Vitamin B12 Supplement.  I will definitely buy it again.
I have a raised bed garden in my backyard.  One of my dogs likes to dig around in the dark soil just for fun.  He's destroyed a few crops this way.  Staking the area helped, as well as placing some repellant down also helped, but one area near the tomatoes was too irresistible to him.  Every morning I'd go outside and find a new hole in that bed.This device works very well on dogs and cats.  The assembly is easy.  Staking it was even easier.  The top device can be easily repositioned to better fit the target area.  The warning click it makes is also loud enough to hear, but I must admit even I have gotten seriously "hosed" by this product!  It's not so bad when it's hot outside, though, and hits the closer plants harder than me.  After a few tries now my sneaky dog has become conditioned to stay away from the tomatoes.  He's a water dog and doesn't mind too much getting wet.  It's the noise he now hears that gets him running away.The spray pressure is adjustable and the sensor can be readjusted for a better height.  Since my Spray Away is aimed at my cats and dogs, I have it aimed low with a wide cover area.  This also helps water the plants a bit when the intruders come in.If the user follows the directions this device will work.  Just remember to place it in an open area for maximum effect AND remember that the device is on when you walk around your garden!
I was excited to get this product and tried it out immediately.  For awhile it worked really well.  Eventually, as summer dried up everything deer like to eat, except my landscsaping, they decided it was worthwhile to get sprayed in order to get dinner.  It is useful for a longer period if you move it around and it hits them from different directions but basically I have found nothing short of an 8' fence that will keep a deer from his desired meal.  At least here in the dried up West.
Thought this might be helpful to keep Moose out of the yard. But then, those things are just huge and like to play in sprinklers anyway, so they probably just thought this thing was another game. (But then again, Moose are notoriously not known for their thinking prowess).This has better application on smaller beasty visitors, like a gopher, squirrel, or the pesky neighbor's dog that uses your yard as a litter box.Sometimes, one still needs a fence, but in lieu of that, give this a try...............Addendum:  Found another use for this. Lately, a few unwelcome intruders of the Bipedal sort (people) have been loitering around people's properties in the neighborhood, no doubt up to no good. This spritzer has utility in protecting your property from unwanted visitors.  We Alaskans are adept at making good use of our things.  You should see what can be done with the Number One Alaskan Tool: Duct Tape!
I have a fenced in back yard, but there is room for bunnies and squirrels to make themselves right at home.  Also an occasional cat or two makes it under the fence. I use this to protect my flowers and a few vegetables.  I found it a bit hard to install correctly so that it was at the right height for these smaller animals, but with some trial and error, I think I have it right.  I like that it basically just startles them with a noise and they usually dart away before even getting wet.
We have a family koi and goldfish pond and the herons would eat all the fish out. It was getting to be expensive to replace our fish. I set this up about a month ago and so far it is working great to deter the heron from fishing in our pond. I didn't want to use any kind of repellants that used chemicals and I find this is a good alternative to those, as it uses a water spray to scare away animals.
I'm having a love hate relationship with this product. When it works, I love it, when it doesn't....well, it means it takes a bit more work from me, which I hate. To start with, getting it into the ground requires a bit of work. I had to use a small stake first, and water the ground to soften, but that might just be my soil. The rest is pretty straightforward, but the motion thingy tends to come off.I've been using the scent deterrents with some success, but it has to be reapplied with each rain. If it's a light rain, it still works, but not as well. Not only is it expensive, but I keep an organic garden so really wanted to use this spray system.I love all animals, but want the pesky ones, or the ones that worry my beloved dogs, to be kept away. This may require you to check it often to make sure it's working, but it's worth it, and in the long run will be cheaper, and probably safer than the scent products.
You must remember when you use any items that depend on outside sources to work it is very hard to say with any kind of certainty if something works.Example: this is depending on Deer to work, now if Deer do not come on my property I do not know if it works.  I am not awake when they sneak onto my property to do their deed.All I can say with certainty is that I put Spray Away down as suggested.It was extremely easy to do.  First you must find where you believe the path of the Deer is. I am fortunate in the fact that there is only one way for the deer to come up on my land.  I live on a Wild Life preserve.  I have a fenced in property and they found a spot along the fence that they can sneak around and walk right up and serve themselves.I live on a large plot on a corner, to make things worse I am on a hill.  I positioned the Stay Away near the edge of the fence pointed at the possible spot that the deer will appear.I listened to one poster and made sure it was not pointed too close to the traffic since there is a stop sign there.I put in the 4 AA batteries that were not included. (NO big deal)I used the handy step to put my foot in and pushed hard into the ground trying to point to the spot where they would come form.I used my eye to adjust where the "eye" would detect the little darlings and adjusted it with ease.I attached a standard garden hose and made sure it was tight so it would leak.I turned the water supply on, and that was that. Since it was nice and hot I decided to walk in front of it and it actually wet me, I enjoyed it but the deer won't.Now the wait.I know they come out every day because I see their effects every day while walking my dog. It is a shame the damage these beautiful animals can cause in one day.They had been munching on my garden on a regular basis ever since I purchased an entire load of new plants, some that are not supposed to like.  Oh well.  Remember when deer are hungry they will eat just about anything.I find that this Stay Away did its job and did it well.  I examined all my plants and found there was no damage at all.  I went over to the Stay Away apparatus and found that the water had been turned on, although that is not conclusive proof it really did indicate to me that it was set off sometime in the early morning causing some "dribbling"I am testing this item for Amazon. I find it works, I am not sure if it will continue because these animals are not stupid they may find their way around and sneak from an opposite side.I will be testing other products of this kind but I find that this works well.  If the problem continues I may suggest you get several to cover all entrances to your property, I do not believe deer enjoy being bombarded by a stream of water, therfore they are chased and probably will not return to the same spot.
My 13 year old, 40lb dog is a scooter.  According to the package instructions, I gave her 2 bars/day.THE GOOD:1.  The bars worked - our dog did not "scoot" at all (15 days)2.  My dog loved the bars (she is not a picky eater)3.  Package is re-sealableTHE NOT SO GOOD:1.  The bars are very hard.  I am concerned about my dog's teeth (she doesn't have many)2.  The bars don't seem to crumble like a typical dog biscuit, and I am concerned that my dog may be swallowing hard chunks of food because she is a fast eaterIn any event, the bars worked, so I recommend them for that purpose.  If your dog wolfs down food and/or doesn't have many teeth, you may want to take the bar's hardness into consideration.
My dog would have to have his anal glands expressed every so often, and that was a pain to do.  I would have to make an appointment with the vet, and it was just awful.  He told me I could do it myself, but I said "no thanks".  He doesn't scoop too often, but when he does, he scoots all the way down the front lawn when we walk out to get the mail.  He looks like he is sledding.  Funny to look at, but not funny to deal with.I was lucky enough to try a pack of these, and I hope they help.  He hasn't been scooting too much, and it seems to be on and off.  These bars have a slight pumpkin smell to them, and my dog loves them.  The directions say to give 1 bar for every 20 lbs.  My dog is about 80 lbs so I am supposed to give him 4 treats per day.  A 30 count bag of these would last me about a week.  However, if it helps his digestive system, I will gladly buy more.  Unfortunately, my dog can't tell me if they are working for him, and I would have to monitor him constantly to see if he is still scooting.  I think it would be good to have these around and I will probably only continue giving it to him when I catch him scooting.If your dog needs fiber, and you want to protect your carpet, I suggest you getting these.
I find it difficult to write a review for a product that is shown to work when something (i.e., scooting) DOESN'T HAPPEN.  If nothing else in the Yorkie's diet or environment does not change, than the absence of scooting might be attributable to the product, but then again, "correlation is not necessarily causation.  So, the answer is -- we'll see.As for the Yorkie, however, she thinks this supplement is wonderful.  She grabbed the one offered, scuttled off to her lair, and wolfed it down.  In a few minutes, she was back, hoping for another.  The Yorkie is generally picky.  The lovely organic food I buy for her sits unnoticed until she decides that it's better than starvation.  So for her to be so excited about a supplement means there must be something in there that (a) smells really good, and/or (b) contains something her system really needs.  Whatever the cause, the picky Yorkie is a big fan.Reading the list of ingredients before offering her a Scoot Bar, I was mostly pleased with the exception of canola oil.  Canola oil is known to be a product of GMO agriculture, and I prefer to avoid it.  Otherwise, the ingredients seemed fine to me.Four Stars!
These are really hard. I have a bullmastiff that has anal gland issues and I was hoping these would help her. She still leaks but it doesn't happen as often though I'm not sure if it is from the bars or just a time when her glands aren't as full. I break one in half and give to my shih tzu who seems to like them. It takes her a while to chew up because they are hard.
I actually would like to feed my dog a well balanced raw diet, but the reality is, I often don't have time to cook for myself, even, and I don't have the freezer space to allow one large cook-a-thon with stored food for either of us.  Thus, the "raw boost" factor in this food appealed to me.However, in looking at the contents of the bag, I'm not so sure it's a boost as much as a marketing gimmick; there doesn't seem to be much freeze-dried meat in there.  Nevertheless, the ingredients are healthy and my dog likes the food very well (on the other hand, she's never found one she doesn't like.  It's such an alien concept here that I'm always surprised to hear about it from other dog owners.)My first consideration when buying pet food is meat vs. grain.  Unfortunately, my second consideration is usually price vs. quantity.  I am not downgrading Instinct Raw Boost for its  price, since it is what it is and only you know what you can/will pay.  However, I think I may be able to do about as well less expensively, given that the raw boost isn't as much of a knockout option as I'd hoped it might be.
This dog food from Nature's variety (We had not used this brand before) is grain-free and has chicken meal as the primary ingredient. The dog loves it. Since this is a new brand for us, we have just started using it as treat rather than as full feed. It has dried chicken and turkey meat pieces as well. The particle sizes are decently-sized to place in different feeding toys that we generally use (e.g. the kong wobbler).It's a tad pricey and while advertised grain free the second top ingredient that follows chicken meal is tapioca. It also has high amounts of pumpkin seeds and alfalfa meal (I guess for protein).
Before we even got to feed this to the dog, it must have smelled pretty darn good because the cat ate through the bag on the counter and snacked on some! The dog loves the taste and has had no averse reactions (she usually gets pro-plan lamb and rice). She doesn't have any dietary issues, but if we needed to switch her to raw or grain free permanently for any reason, I would definitely pick this.
This stuff has definitely been a hit with my fiancee's dog.  He seems to really like it, and, probably most importantly he has been finicky in the past with really good nutritious blends.  In the past she has tried Chef Michael's that is available here on Amazon as well, and her dog used to pick and choose the pieces he wanted.  This stuff, which more resembles a standard size overall morsel he has been eating enthusiastically, and all of it as well.  There is no doubt that this meal is excellent as far as being pure and organic over most store bought blends, but its also very expensive.  Unless money is no object I would imagine it would be quite a monthly bill to keep a good size dog well fed with purely this stuff.  Perhaps mixing this with a good regular blend of food would be a suggestion idea if you wish to give your pup the best but can't afford this all the time.  It's an excellent meal and is very tasty for something that is so good for your dog.  Recommended... : )
I have two small dogs, a chi mix and a terrier mix.  Both of them ate this food readily, which is usually, but not always the case with new foods.  The ingredients seem sufficient for their needs, especially since they get some real meat a few times a week, as well as some wet foods.  I do wonder how freeze dried foods are considered "raw", but I think it's a safe and convenient way to feed these ingredients to my pets.  I'm especially pleased to see this is a product made in the United States.
My little dog (14 pounds) seems to get more picky with age (almost 7) with his dog food.  I've tried different ones over the past year, and my expectations weren't too high with this one before I gave it to him.  After a week, he's still going strong and appears to like it (i.e., he's eating it without that turned up nose look), so it would appear we've found a new food for him to continue with once this bag is empty.
In terms of quality, you would be making a great choice with this food. It's grain free and contains more nutrients than what you normally find out there at pet stores. Speaking from experience and from opinions I've heard from others, this food is great for your pet if they have a sensitive stomach or have allergy issues (and considering the quality of both human and dog food these days, it's no surprise that allergies are becoming so common).Price wise? It puts a bit of a dent in your wallet, so if you've got multiple dogs like I do it can be a bit much. I would consider shopping around a little more (Natural Balance? Merrick?) if you feel uncomfortable with the price, but if not then by all means go for this one because it DOES help with allergies and it does keep your dog energetic and looking pretty. You are getting what you're paying for, it's just a matter of whether or not you can actually pay for this.
My indoor dog Pooper (1/2 German Shepard), loved the chicken bits in this food and he usually picked those out. Though, I had to add wet food for him to clean his bowl. While, my outdoor dogs seemed to like this food just fine eating it without wet food added. So, while I would purchase this again it won't become my staple dog food.
This is a very good quality dry dog food. Wandrdog, a picky eater, likes the taste and texture and usually finishes her portion. One note is that the "raw bits" which are small freeze dried squares of who knows what are tasty treats but few and far between.
For some reason when I saw &#34;freeze dried raw&#34; on the package, I just thought that meant freeze dried liver pieces. I suppose I had freeze dried liver on the mind since I had been giving some to my dogs. Well, the freeze dried pieces in this food aren't pure liver, but a mash of different meats/parts. It's still raw, but my dogs don't like this freeze dried mash as much as pure freeze dried liver pieces. They go immediately for a freeze dried liver piece if they see it in their bowl. The freeze dried pieces in this food mix were passed over in favor of some regular dry kibble (I feed two different brands as part of their regular diet). A dog passing over freeze dried meat for kibble is unheard of to me. I have to wonder what exactly turns the dogs off these freeze dried raw pieces, but it's enough to make me knock a star off no matter how healthy this food is otherwise.
These are a good dog treat when your best friends butt licking fish breath is getting in your face. I have two Anatolians roughly 85 lbs each and still growing, powerful chewers. The girl scarves these down in about 20 seconds. The boy is more thoughtful and will spend a minute eating his chew as long as she doesn't steal it from him. They enjoy the flavor as they have turned there noses up at treats before. The Breath Stick gives them a short burst of dog mouth freshness. The bag indicates that a dog over 50 lbs should get 2 sticks a day for maintenance. I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 simply because I don't think 2 a day really makes that huge of a dent in their overall mouth stinkyness but maybe my two are just extra stinky. I would definitely get them again.
These smell good but my picky little babies won't have a thing to do with them. Maybe they smell too good...  They like those old cheap chicken flavored ones made in China which I am afraid to give them. They have refused the last two substitues I've tried. If these companies would make them to smell like chicken, steak or pork chops, I'm sure they would have a real hit on their hands.