I've been using this product for years on my dogs.They do love playing in the grass where they'll be likely to pick up fleas and ticks.This will kill existing fleas on your small dogs within 12 hours and all ticks and /or lice within 48 hours.It's will kill the deer tick , which is the carrier Lyme disease.I have felt secure for years with this drop in guarding my dogs against these parasites.
There is not too much to say about this product.  It works as advertised, and it is a must for dogs with an undercoat, such as a Golden Retriever, as their coat is simply too thick to police their skin 100% for ticks and fleas.  I'm not saying don't check them!  You absolutely must check over your pup for fleas and ticks, but Frontline gives you some extra protection.It is easy to administer, simply cut open the packet, spread your dog's fur on their back between their shoulder blades to get to the skinline, and then squeeze out the solution on to one spot on their skin.  Once a month is all it takes.An important note:  If you are buying this product for the first time, please understand that when the makers and retailers advertise that it provides flea protection for up to three months, they mean by using three doses, one per month, not 3 months of protection for each dose.My main reason for writing this review is to mention how yet again Amazon manages to offer superior pricing on a product.  Their prices for Frontline products is always a little less than other on-line retailers, and they blow pet stores out of the water, with prices about 30% less.  I imagine in coming months you will see some price cuts everywhere as Sentry and other manufacturers are releasing their own flea and tick protection product lines.
This worked pretty fast on my rottweiler. Less than a day he stopped scratching and whining about those pesky little fleas on him. Even after jumping in the pool he has been free of fleas.
I'll admit, I bought this without realizing it was a kit.  That explains why the price is so low, but hey, it's well worth it.  Why spend more?  You can't beat the price and if it means measuring it out in the little vial provided, it's worth it for all the money saved.Frontline itself is a great product.  Someone mentioned it doesn't take care of the whole problem.  It does, but depending on how bad the fleas are, sometimes it takes longer.  If you put this on before the first sign, or at the first sign, you'll notice the difference right away.  However if you're pretty infested, as fleas spread so darn quick, it sometimes takes a month or two of continued use due to the fleas being everywhere and re-habiting your pet.  I personally use frontline as well as Sentinel, which is a once a month 5-in-1 pill that prevents fleas/ticks/heartworm and others.I highly recommend frontline, and this cheaper kit, to anyone with pets!
I apply theMerial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for 0 to 22-Pound Dogs and Puppies, 6-Packon my dog each and every month, as I did with my previous dogs.  It's now available in many stores as well as the vet's office, but the prices vary greatly and Amazon's are very competitive.  I've used the regular Frontline, but find the additional control of the Plus version better suits our needs.  The tubes are easy to apply, but I always have difficulty removing them from the enclosure.  Since I've started cutting them out of the package, I've reduced the difficulty.  Our dog knows what's coming when she sees me pull out the package and she sits like a champ in front of me.  I part the hair on her upper back and gently squeeze the entire tube directly onto the skin.  I make sure that her bath is not scheduled for a day before or after the application and if the weather is such that she'll need to wear a sweater, I'll apply immediately after a walk to allow the medicine ample time for absorption before I need to "dress" her again in a sweater and/or her harness.  I wash my hands really well and dispose of the packaging immediately and sometimes wear gloves to protect my skin from absorbing any of the medicine.  I'm happy to report that we've not seen a tick or flea on the dog or around our home since using this product on any of our pets over many years.  Some people don't use this year round, but I believe it's worth using even if I can't see any ticks or fleas outside.
I have tried both products and for me this one seems to work the best. It keeps fleas away and ticks. I also use this with the Vibrac Preventic Tick collars. Before I started using this and the Preventic Collar, I was always finding ticks on my dogs. 5 and 6 at a time and they would be totally engorged by then. Now, I may find one or 2 baby ones on them, but get them before they can really bite the dogs, because something in this product repels them, so I really am a believer in this. I totally have seen the difference and can't live without it. I stock up on it because it runs out of stock often.
I used this product last summer. My dogs only had a few fleas, and I wanted to make sure it was stopped before it became a problem. The Frontline drops did a great job at flea control. The fleas disappeared very quickly and did not come back.  My dogs are indoor dogs, and they are not outside very much. We don't need aggressive flea control. I only had to use it twice in two months, and the fleas didn't return.
My dog gets canned food over a little bit of dry food. This Pro Plan Canned Dog Food looks, and apparently tastes good. Baron loves it! There is not one morsel of food left in his dish as there is with some other things I've served to him.When I open the cans, there is no offensive odor. It looks like something I might have cooked up in my kitchen. Granted, I'm not a great cook, but my dog tells me I did a great job choosing this for him. He would like more please---right now.
Pro Plan Canned Dog food beef and rice is great !! My dogs loved it !! They totally scarffed it down. I am switching them over to a totally canned food diet because one  of the dogs is  allergic to grain. This dogfood did not bother her at all ,even tho it contains rice!!
since my 2 big labs eat only high protein food. i am leery on what i feed them.  they work had and play hard. so they need wholesome food with very little or no fillers.  the 1st ingredients chicken,then water,then liver meat by-product, (this is liver from any animal processed and used as a meat added filler-good for the dog)  and finally rice for the 1st 4 ingredients.  the rest are vitamins and supplements that we as people take everyday. i like the ingredients. this has a 9% protein-6% fat, but has a 78% moisture content.  so if you feed it to your dog, just be prepared for at 1st some runny droppings.  this is because of the high moisture content.  so the test is from the  dawgs themselves. these dogs are picky on what they eat.  they DO NOT LIKE-chips, candy, pizza, bread or other junk food that we humans eat.  have i offered it to them--yes.  but they have no interest in junk food.  so for the taste test.  i open a new product and feed them a little bit.  i take a fork and put a little on it for them to taste.  they take it in their mouth, spread it around their mouth and then swallow.  when i offer a second bite is when i know if they like it or not.  they finished the can.  yes i feed my labs canned dog food every other day.  the can is split in half for each of them.  the texture is consistent of the pressed canned dog food.  this will do ok for a change of their regular canned food.  now for the recommended feeding by this canned product only.  for me i would be going through 10, yes that is 10 cans a day.  it shows on the label 4 2/3 cans a day for 100 lbs.  to me that is too much wet a day for a working lab of 107 lbs.  over all this will be a ok side filler treat for the dogs
The mutts like this food but more importantly, so do we. Quality ingredients with chicken first. We don't use this as there main food, but a snack. We spoon out a couple tablespoons here and there for a nutritious snack for the mutts.
My dog loves this so much, he practically inhales it.  I like that it doesn't stink the way most canned dog foods do, and Freddy thinks it tastes as good as people food.  We usually feed him dry kibble, so this will be an occasional treat for him.
One of our dogs actually had to go to the vet's today and when she was examining him, she said his gums looked very healthy. We'd discussed the use of a dental or periodontal support for his teeth in previous appointments and was all for the dental support I'd been using for some time. The ingredients of Perio-Support are identical to the ones in the product we are using now. I'm assuming the formula is not a patented one as the ingredients are almost identical, save the logo and labeling. I've tried this on my two dogs with successful results, but my cat shunned this.There are products you can put in your animal's water, but because I have two dogs I passed. Does it work? Definitely. When I run out of my other dental support and haven't had a chance to drive to purchase more, my small dog has noticeably bad breath within a few days. The product won't remove all the plaque, but does keep it to a minimum and his gums remain healthy. Because he is an older dog and I'm leery of anesthetizing him for teeth cleaning, some sort of intervention is necessary.Both dogs don't mind the taste and didn't shun it from the start. They simply wait until we sprinkle it over the top. I did question my veterinarian about the wisdom of putting the same amount of this powder on the food of the dog weighing 75 pounds as to the one weighing less than 8. She encouraged the same amount. The product's the same, simply a different name. My veterinarian is all for this type of product and so am I. The only thing they may have thought to add was the little measuring scoop that was included with the other dental support I purchased. For consistency's sake, I'd recommend getting a measuring spoon (1 tsp).INGREDIENTS:anise oil, dried aspergillus niger fermentation extract, dried aspergillus oryzae fermentation extract, dried bacillus subtilis fermentation extract, dried lactobacillus casei fermentation product, dried lactobacillus fermentum fermentation product, dried lactobacillus plantarum fermentation product, dried whey, fenugreek seed extract, glucose monohydrate, sodium sulfate, vegetable fat, whey solids, yeast fermentation solubles.Active Ingredients Per 2.5 g (approx. 1 Teaspoon):Natural Zeolites 500 mgCranberry Extract . 25 mgYucca Schidigera Extract 7 mgTaurine 1.25 mgZinc (as Zn Ascorbate) 0.8 mgLactobacillus Acidophilus 5,500 CFUEnterococcus Faecium 5,500 CFU
Vetri-Science PerioSupport is not only great for canine and feline dental health and hygiene but also for their joints, immune systems, and gastrointestinal tracts in my opinion.According to Vetri-Scinece, the ingredients in Perio-Support:*  Natural zeolites are unique minerals that help prevent plaque from forming and sticking to teeth.*  Cranberry is a source of antioxidants rich in bioflavonoids that support gum tissue health. They also help reduce undesirable bacteria that canlead to plaque build-up and tissue destruction.*  Yucca shidigera extract is an herb that inhibits enzymes that break down the structural integrity of gum tissue.*  Taurine works with zinc to support gum tissue health and strength. Strong gum tissue means that there is less dead tissue on which harmfulbacteria can grow.*  Zinc penetrates plaque on the teeth and oxidizes it, resulting in less plaque formation. (Plaque formation is one of the causes of bad breath.)*  Lactobacillus acidophilus and enterococcus faecium are direct-fed microbials (friendly bacteria) that help restore bacterial balance in themouth. They displace unhealthy plaque-causing bacteria to support healthy gums and fresh breath.*  Vegetable fats ensure product palatability, help ingredients adhere to the teeth andprovide essential fatty acids that support gum healthBut these ingredients do so much more than just benefit canine and feline dental health and hygiene.  Zeolites are the main ingredient making up 500mg of each 2500mg (1 teaspoon).  Zeolite is a natural volcanic mineral that possesses a uniquely complex crystalline structure and is similar to clay. Zeolite is one of the most powerful negatively charged minerals in nature. It acts as a magnet, drawing toxins to it, capturing them in its cage-like molecular structure.  Zeolite appears to have an especially powerful chelating effect, removing heavy metals such as mercury, cadmium, arsenic, lead, and aluminum. These heavy metals are considered highly toxic and are often carcinogenic, neurotoxic, and mutagenic.Zeolite has also been found to help remove pesticides, herbicides, and other positively charged toxins from the system. It seems to do this in a hierarchical manner. It first acts strongly to remove lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic. It then acts to remove the pesticides, herbicides, furans, and other toxic chemicals called volatile organic compounds.  Zeolite also seems to increase the rate of glucurodination in the liver. This is a process whereby toxins are made water soluble so that they can be eliminated more easily from the body. When we take zeolite, the amount of pesticides, herbicides, and xeno-estrogens released through the urine has been shown to increase as a result of the liver letting go of all of its stored-up toxins. As we take liquid zeolites over time, the burden on our organs significantly decreases and the pH level of our body comes back into a healthy balance.  Along the same lines, zeolite is the only scientifically known compound to remove Uranium-238 and may also be capable of removing radioactive plutonium and cesium as well. Uranium-238 is a type of radioactive uranium regularly used in depleted uranium weapons. It is also found as a byproduct of nuclear power plants. It is radioactive, neurotoxic, an immunotoxin, and is linked to genetic abnormalities. When substances like Uranium-238 or plutonium begin to decay, they cause a massive oxidation reaction, or free radical attack in the human body. Zeolite is scientifically shown to stop these oxidation reactions.  Zeolite also acts as a clathrating compound. A clathrating compound is able to remove calcified substances (bad calcium) from the body.The next ingredient, Cranberry extract prevents urinary tract infections, inhibits cancer cell growth, is high in antioxidants and proanthocyanidins (PACs).  Yucca extract supplies good quantities of iron, magnesium, manganese, phosphorus, selenium, and silicon. It also contains Vitamins A, B complex and C. It is also thought to reduce stool and urine odors.  Everyone hopefully knows the benefits of zinc and good bacteria which are the next ingredients.  I am just so impressed with this product that I would take it myself it didn't say on it - for animal use only.I recommend getting the 16 ounce bottle which is definitely the better value to refill the 4.2oz more convenient shaker bottle.  It pays to shop around; I purchased the 16ounce bottle for under $19 online.Thank you SO VERY MUCH Amazon Vine and VetriScience for this outstanding product.  I had not been made aware of this product before and I believe my dog will have a longer happier life because I am going to continue to purchase it and serve it to her; she loves it!
I am very impressed.  I have a greyhound which are notorious for bad teeth, breath and gums, and I saw significant noticeable improvement in one week.  I had tried a gel and brushing and tooth wipes already, all with minimal effect and all with little toleration on the part of the dog.  I saw improvement in his tarter/plaque within days, and by a week his teeth continued to improve and his breath was noticeably better as well.As directed on the package, I gave him one level teaspoon twice a day (once with each meal). I feed him dry food, slightly moistened, with the powder sprinkled over the top, then I stir it in to evenly mix the kibble, water and powder.  The first time, he was a little hesitant, but ate all his food.  After that, there was no hesitation and he has gobbled up every meal since. I'm pretty sure he actually likes it. Also important is that it agrees with him, digestively speaking (not everything does -while greys will eat just about everything, most changes to their dietary routine give them the runs).  The ingredients look good too, especially compared to other perio/dental products.I have cut him down to one dose a day now and his teeth still look good and still look to be losing stains and tartar.  I will likely continue to cut back until I establish a maintenance dosage for my dog, that will be the absolute minimum I need to give him to maintain good oral health.
I have been using this for several weeks now for my two little dogs.  I didn't expect too much, but this powder cleaned and whitened my dogs' teeth beautifully.  I have been brushing my dogs' teeth a few times a week with a few different types of doggie toothpaste, but was never able to get much of the staining off, and their teeth looked a bit dull.  Now they are bright white with only a little tartar on their back teeth.  This is so much easier to use, just sprinkle a bit on their food and they eat it up.  I will continue to use this, as I am very impressed by the results.
The kitties sniffed at the Vetri-Science Perio-Support when it was sprinkled in their food but then they ate it right up!  Sometimes their breath will be a little fishy after meals but the anise oil sweetens it a bit.The mix of ingredients is good for their oral hygiene and digestive tract and is even supplemented with taurine.  The veterinarians also seem to recommend products like this.
Sheba is a huge, gorgeous manx calico.  She loooves her food.  She is solid muscle with plush thick luxurious fur.  If I forget to brush her for a few days, she starts to shed quite a bit, and invariably gets plugged up with furballs.  Then I break out the Petromalt, put a dab on her paw which she licks off, and it takes care of the problem.Since this has some added nutritives, such as zinc and omega-3 fatty acids, I figured I would try these to see if they did anything for her.  I really don't see how they can improve on perfection however, as Sheba has to be one of the healthiest specimens of felinity on Earth.At any rate Sheba really likes these, and she is a picky eater about any new food.  She rarely gets furballs but we will continue to give her one of these per day and see if she develops a furball while on them.  So far so good with these.
My long haired cat has a serious problem with hairballs. If he doesn't eat regularly, he cries for about 10 minutes then throws something white a furry up the size of a baby's sock. Additionally, he can't just eat any cat food. He needs food specially formulated for cat's with hairball problems. If he eats any other kind of food, he spits up hairballs 2 or 3 times a week. Normally I also have to be pretty picky about his treats. If he eats certain treats, it also makes his finicky stomach upset and he gets sick. When I saw these PetNaturals cat treats made for cats with hairballs, I was curious how he would like them.The first time I tried to feed him one, it spent a little time sniffing it over. He's not one to gobble up anything I give him and more often than not, leaves treats sitting on the counter untouched. He finally tasted it and ate it right away, in full. No eating part of it and leaving crumbled pieces discarded. I fed him another (instructions say to give 2-4 treats) and he literally grabbed it out of my hand, slightly nipping my finger in the process. He's never liked any treat that much, ever!My cat tends to like things chicken flavored over fish flavored, so these are perfect for him. He's had no problem getting sick from them and fit right into his hairball treatment diet needs. Now at least once a day he come into my office and sits at the foot of my desk meowing for his hairball treats. As soon as this package is gone I will most certainly need to buy more, or I will be hearing about it from him.
These Pet Naturals "Hairball Relief" soft chews are apparently addictive to my older cats since they just can't seem to get enough of them and, fortunately, they do seem to work well at controlling hairballs. My cats have periodically gone through phases of "bringing up" hairballs and we typically useWhiskas Essential Temptations - Hairball Control - 2.1 oz, which the cats like and also work, but they prefer these "Pet Naturals" to the point of begging for them.These work and my cats love them, highly recommended!CFH
The problem I have had with the hairball prevention pastes most commonly advised by veterinarians over the years is that you have to administer them as few cats like the taste. And that can be tricky, even impossible with some cats (cats have definite minds of their own and very strong wills).There will be no such problem with these chews - in fact, my four cats rushed to them immediately I opened the package and probably would have gobbled them all down had I not limited their intake. The feeding directions are: For general skin and coat health - 2 chews daily; for hairballs - 4 chews twice daily for 2-4 days. They have a semisoft almost meaty texture. Some of the ingredients are impressive.Ingredients include brewers dried yeast, natural flavor, safflower oil, flaxseed oil, cranberry extract, all good, healthy elements. And then there are the preservatives: Some are natural (e.g., mixed tocopherols) and some are synthetic I believe (please correct me if I am wrong [e.g., pripionic acid, actually used as a solvent and in nickel-electroplating solutions - I am not as comfortable with this ingredient for my cats]).There is a good level of moisture - 8.53%, and Omega 6 and 3 fatty acids (150 mg and 30 mg respectively). They are a good size for cats and seem easily digestible.If you prefer a paste, I would recommend Excel Kittymalt Hairball Remedy Paste - Malt Flavor - 4.25 oz., another remedy that cats find tasty, the active ingredient being mineral oil.I would certainly turn to these tasty chews if I felt one of my cats were developing a serious problem with hairballs in order to avoid dreaded surgery, the ultimate but very costly and risky solution.
My cat will not eat any thing that treats hairballs...until now. He loved the Pet Naturals Hairball treats. He comes running every time he hears the bag opening. I feed him 2 a day to help keep his coat shiny and prevent the hairballs. We will not be buying any other brand of treats.
I will admit I was skeptical when I ordered this. I have tried treats with "hairball control" and other "medical" benefits and usually the cats were not fooled at all and would not eat the treats, some even when I hid them in their food.But with these, no problem at all. Every cat I offered them too ate them and loved them. I have one tabby that is all hair and he will get the most from these and we will see if they help him in the long run.I will be reordering these and plan to try some of the other Pet Naturals treats. I especially like that you can order a single package and are not forced to order a dozen at a time.
I never thought that I would be living with a cat, much less an arthritic one, but when our daughter moved in with us, she brought her two cats. Both are old (and rescues) and the oldest one has arthritis.The doctor recommended these to ease the pain and to help him, and they really seem to do that. Most of the time he is able to move around without showing pain, and without having to take pain killers.I guess pets get older too.
I have six cats and 4 of them loved these supplements and 2 (my eight year old cats that really need the supplements) did not. I will continue to give all of them two morsels a day and maybe the 2 finicky ones will come around. I feel they need the glucosamine because they are slow jumping up and down. They have not been diagnosed with arthritis, but they certainly act like they have it. The other 4 are 3 years old and will eat anything.
My 14-year-old meezer really likes these treats.  Although he's still rather limber for his age, feeding one or two a day to him for the last month seems to keep his spirits and energy up.  He takes his time chewing on one piece, as if the supplement was something real special.These don't smell offensively, nor feel very oily, two things that turn me off about dietary supplements.  My younger cats seem to like these as well.The supplement takes a while to show effects on a cat's body.  In my case the positive change came toward the end of the packet's contents.  I will continue to use these on my cats.  One bag is quite affordable to help maintain a quality of life for a cat.This is one more in the line of Pet Naturals that I have been very pleased with.
These Pet Naturals "Hip & Joint" supplements are similar to the products that my veterinarian recommended for my older cats. My older cats (15 years) were starting to slow down quite a bit and the male has seem developed an occasional limp when the weather is wet and colder. These seem to have helped and I feel better that we are trying something to ease his discomfort, but it somewhat difficult to quantify the actual results.Both of my cats consider these "treats" and take them quite happily.Highly Recommended!CFH
I've been giving my 6 year old cat this for a little over a month now and I can see that Missy is walking much better and doesn't seem to be favoring her hind leg by her thigh anymore. Nice to see it can help her feel better and play like a kitty again... Our pets give us so much and it's such a small thing to give back to them.
I have an elderly cat who just isn't as spry as she once was.  Snowie was a rescue cat and the only way I can gauge her hip and joint health is by guesstimating as I'm not quite sure of her age.  She's definitely slowed down and the only time she goes at a good clip is when one or both of my dogs have decided to chase her for kicks.  Just to be on the safe side, I decided that I'd start her on these Pet Naturals of Vermont Hip & Joint chews.  I use thePet Naturals Hip & Joint for Large Dogsfor my older dog.  The Glucosamine, MSM & Chondrotin formula works for dogs, so why not cats?Surprisingly Snowie was very interested in the taste.  Mind you, this is a cat who will not touch any kind of treats.  Apparently when she was young they must not have been offered.  I was thinking that I'd end up breaking the chews into her dry food, but no, the taste was very enticing and she actually is eating them.  She's a very finicky cat who will snub her nose at anything but a single brand of cat food, shuns people food, and all kitty snacks.  I was pleased that she readily took to these chews and hopefully in time she'll become a bit more limber as a result.PRODUCT FACTS:Active Ingredients Per Approximately 2 Soft Chews:Glucosamine HCl  200 mgMethylsulfonylmethane (MSM)  100 mgChondroitin Sulfate (Porcine) 100 mgAscorbic Acid (Stay-C)  25 mgN,N-Dimethylglycine HCl (DMG)  25 mgEicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA)  7.5 mgDocosahexaenoic Acid (DHA)  5 mgManganese (Mn Proteinate)  1.25 mgInactive Ingredients: barley flour, brewers yeast, chicken liver flavor, citric acid, corn oil, fish oil, glycerin, mixed tocopherols, oat flour, oat meal, propionic acid, proprietary blend (maltodextrin, sodium alginate and calcium sulfate), rice flour, rosemary extract, rye flour, silicon dioxide, soy lecithin, vegetable oil.
My elderly, medically frail cat seems to like this product...no small task as she is prone to stomach upset and exceptionally selective about what she eats or doesn't eat. This doesn't seem to upset her delicate stomach and although I've not been able to see a marked improvement, it does seem to provide a bit of relief although it is hard to say for sure. Either way, I'm now a big fan of this product line; all are easy to use, pets seem to approve of the flavor and the ingredients seem to be of a better quality than average for a decent price.
I have to keep these supplements hidden from my cats! They go crazy for the scent and flavor, and will actually eat their way right into the bag to get at them.Since these are not treats, but supplements, I've learned to hide these in a drawer (a cookie jar might work). For the ones I have left, I want to use them for their medicinal purpose of improving joint strength and comfort.Recommended for older cats or for those with hip/joint trauma - there is a nice dose of helpful supplements in each chew, and cats clearly enjoy the taste. This is a very palatable way to get their medicine down.
My cat is an extremely picky eater, especially when it comes to treats and supplements.  There are very few supplements that he will actually eat, but this supplement he gobbles right up.  He loves them.  Since he is 14 years old and in need of joint supplements we are thrilled to find this Pet Naturals Hip & Joint supplement treat.  I highly recommend these to all cat owners especially if your cat is picky about taking any supplements.  Hopefully we will see improvement in his hips and joints.
My cat really likes these.  She eagerly eats them, and gets all excited when I pull down the basket that contains them.  They are bigger than regular cat treats, it takes her a couple of bites sometimes to eat one. She likes these a LOT better than most cat treats from the grocery store. I think she feels better when she gets them.  She doesn't growl as much.  (She has always been one to growl a lot, at every little thing that bugs her, even remotely.)  They are moist and have a good, healthy ingredient list.The bag is easy to reseal.
As my cats have aged, I have wanted to try to feed them treats that are that much better.  So, with the Pet Naturals Joint and Hip treats, this is something that is great and is for the geriatric pets that are there to feed them something that is going to help them and that they are going to love to eat also, this was a great choice.
I have tried several of Pet Naturals cat chews and decided to try this one for the "Old Man" of the group. As with all of these treats, the cats love them. In fact the biggest problem was keeping the other cats from stealing them from the Old Man. And I have to say that after eating these for a month he does seem to be more active and mobile than usual.These will be a permanent part of his diet from now on.
As each day goes on, we all get older.  Not just people, but pets, too.  In some cases, our pets are much more to us than just a little animal.  So, clearly, we want to take care of them.Everybody loves a treat, right?  Well, wouldn't it be great if you could spoil your Little Pal with a Goody that was also Good For Him?These Pet Naturals Hip and Joint treats for cats certainly fit the bill.Just as humans benefit from good nutrition, Glucosamine products,  Chondroitin  Sulfate  vitamin C, EFA,  (Essential Fatty Acids:  Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and  Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA)),  fish oil, Manganese, etc. so do our Feline Friends.No, you are not going to make your 16 year old cat become a Kitten again, however, she just might start acting like one again.  Take the creaks, stiffness, and pain away from your cat's joints and He/She will undoubtedly have a better life.  We've noticed that it is easier for our aged cat to jump up on surfaces, climb around, etc.Our cat loves these treats.  She just hears the bag rustling and she comes trotting in.  We all have noticed that she moves better, quicker, and all in all seems to have less stiffness and discomfort.I agree, they can be a bit big; no matter, they cut easily into smaller pieces (actually becomes more Price-Friendly that way, too). We give it to our cat both separately and as an added treat to her cat food bowl. No matter-it's gone! She never leaves those treats lying around.  GONE!In short, this is a Tasty Medicine for your Cat that Masquerades as a Treat.  Oh well, Cats cannot read, right? Not yet, anyway......................
For right now, I am just going to give you the information on the cat's enjoyment of the supplement and then I will update after he has spent some time taking them.My husband's cat, who I refer to as Satan's feline, is getting up there in years and he struggles a bit to leap and bound around these days. While he still gets himself around, I noticed it is less frequent and more work to propel his flub up onto my husband's desk and scratch his hand until it bleeds. This makes the evil kitty even more cranky than normal. And a cranky evil kitty is scary. Seriously.So we have been giving him these for a week or so. Since he is persnickety about treats and food (little brat snubs tuna!) I was worried it would be difficult to find a supplement for him, but I was wrong! He not only loves these supplements, he is obsessed with them. And I have never seen him obsessed with anything other than leaping for my jugular or trying to intimidate my dogs. So, we have had to hide them up high, although if they continue to help his stiffness, we will need a lock box for them, because I cannot keep him away from them.So I will update this as to the effectiveness of the supplements after he has had some time with them!
My old Momma Kitty, had been having a bit of trouble jumping up as high as she used to. So, I got her these. She loves the flavor and eats them right up. I've been giving her 2 of these a day for a few weeks and it seems to help her, as I haven't seen her miss her mark jumping up high any more.I'd definitely recommend these, it surely cannot hurt.
These definitely seem to do the trick to relax my bog dog who is the biggest baby in the world when it comes to lightening.  The package says you can give them up to 5 of these little brown treats and I just game my golden retriever one.  It seems to work like a charm.  He doesn't act like he's sedated, just mellow and calm.  That's what I wanted.  Something to just take the edge off.Recommend buy on this little mother's helper.
We have 3 large dogs and the largest one of the group is a 75lb eight year old lab. He's always been extremely high strung, however his separation anxiety tends to be the worst problem. He's only relaxed when my husband is home. When he's not, our large lab paces constantly awaiting his return. Every time he hears a car go by, he jumps up and runs around, thinking his "daddy" might be home.  And since we live in the middle of town, cars are going by constantly. Since my husband works the night shift, our anxious dog can't seem to relax to even sleep and often keeps the rest of us up with his random barking when he things daddy may have just pulled up.So for the last week I've been giving our dog one of these in the evening to see if it would help him relax. After observing him on them for a few days, it does appear to be helping him some. This isn't like a sedative that you get from a vet that will let the dog sleep through anything. It's milder and safer. About an hour after taking his chew, he tends to kick back somewhere soft and relax, the same he does when daddy is home. He doesn't stress every car going by, and instead of freaking out every time someone comes through the door, he just walks over calmly to see what's going on. I like how these work quite a bit, because I'm not looking for our anxious dog to be doped up, just for him to feel less separation anxiety at night time, and these work chews perfectly for this.
I have a five-year-old German Shepherd Dog who suffers from epilepsy.  Her seizures come whenever she feels stressed, whether it's after fighting with one of our other dogs over the tennis ball, or that covered spot in bed right next to us.  I've given her one chew a night and whenever she gets one of these, she is more relaxed and doesn't whine all night.  She starts whining at 4am when she's hungry, but that's when we usually get up for work.The active ingredient, L-theanine, seems to do the trick for my dog.  The bag of 50 chews may be expensive, but the phenobarbital she is on is even more expensive.  She enjoys getting her "treat" at bedtime.
what I notice the most about this is that when I give it to my dog later in the evening, he sleeps all night and doesn't get up to want out to go to the bathroom hours before I'm ready to get up and that's what I was hoping for. I give it to him about an hour before I go to bed. I also give him one an hour before traveling if I'm going a long way and it seems to keep him calmer while going for a long ride. I've been using this product for a little while now, even before I ordered it here.
I had to break these up into thirds for our 10 pound minature fox terrier - lol! So they last 6 months!It wasn't the travel that seemed to stress our little one, it was the new home and the new dogs on each side of the house - but once a day when she appeared anxious or disquieted we would give her one of these and then she would take a nap and be over it.With no adverse reaction to her wee 14 year old self.
This arrived today and I immediately tried it out because we were having a small thunderstorm. Normally that means a lot of pacing and panting from one dog while the other sits right beside you and whines. Needless to say, it's enough to cause the humans in the household to stress out. Living in Florida that also means it is a nearly constant situation because we get a lot of afternoon thunderstorms. Today is actually a bit out of the ordinary because it's winter however, it was the perfect test.Within about 30 minutes, both dogs were calming taking a nap. My spouse walked through and commented how well they were doing despite the low rumbles. Now, I don't expect this would work miracles in a full summer storm (nothing does) but being able to take the edge off goes a long way. Directions indicate giving 1 per day for larger dogs...the dogs seemed to like the flavor and actually went searching for more.As far as I'm concerned, GREAT product. Dog and people approved!
Finally! A nonprescription calming product for dogs that does what it claims. We have several dogs, but only one goes nuts at the faintest sounds of thunder. At the first sounds of an approaching storm our dog goes absolutely bonkers, he cries, jumps on us, shakes uncontrollably, and just can't calm down and relax. We have gone as far as purchasing sedatives from the vet just to calm him during a storm. A thunder storm moved through our area a few days ago and for the first time we had an opportunity to try the calming chews by Pet Naturals. We gave him one chew at the first sounds of thunder and within about 20 to 30 minutes we were amazed at how calm and relaxed he was. Normally under these stormy circumstances he is having a total come apart, but he wasn't. He was cool and relaxed lying on the floor among the other dogs just barely panting. He didn't cry or shake throughout the storm. We are very pleased with the Pet Naturals of Vermont Calming XL Bone-Shaped Chews and recommend this product to anyone who has a dog with anxiety issues.
I'm not particularly big on supplements, be they for humans or pets, but I have to say I liked these.  We used them for our dog after we moved, and as she was adjusting to the new house, her new "spot" where her bed went, her new place to eat, etc. and they did to seem help reduce her overall stress during that time period.  And she thoroughly enjoyed being given these every day, she always begged for more!  (But she was only allowed one per day per the instructions on the package.)I think these are definitely worth a try if you're needing something of this nature for your dog.
I really had my doubts about using these with my dog. He is of the extra super hyper type and that can be bothersome with guests or in social situations. It is honestly bothersome at home with everyday life as well. When we would go away and return home, he was always super excited and well, obnoxious. The jumping gets to be too much when he is so big and heavy.These supplements actually work and help calm him down. Not to a lethargic state, or anything like that, but they just take the extreme edge off. It has been such a great help when we have company over or when taking him places where there are many other people present like parks etc. We can actually take him along to the pet store now and not have to worry about his behavior or him getting out of control.He takes them easily, just like a treat, so the must taste pretty good too.If you have a hyper dog, who seems to get overly excited by pretty much anything - these are absolutely great!
My dog is 8 months old, he's 1/2 German Shepard, 1/4 Boxer and 1/4 Cocker Spaniel. He weighs about 60 pounds give or take a little. He's a very picky eater, especially when it comes to treats. He refuses to eat 99.9% of wet dog food, he will only eat canned cat food. Everytime I get these out of the package, he goes crazy, he loves these treats.My dog also suffers from separation anxiety, I did find that if I gave him 3 to 6 of these treats about an hour or two before I left for work that it did visibly calm him. The package says it's for x-large dogs over 75 pounds, and I believe the dosage on the back of the pack is 1 treat and to repeat (double or triple the dosage) when and as often as needed.These are about an inch in size which also makes them fit well into my dog's kong chew toy, to also keep him busy while I'm out of the house.These won't overly calm your dog, at least with my dog it just takes the edge off of his nervous energy. He will still play and act goofy, but, not as hyperly as before and it has kept him from being as destructive when he's hyped up.I can only go by what I've saw with my dog, but, I'd recommend these treats and I'd definitely repurchase these.
One of our dogs howls with a despair that is enough to break your heart, every single time I leave the house. While I suspect most people would reach for this product to help a pup that is fearful of storms, I wanted to test it with our loved one's 'abandonment issues'.I have to say, she is indeed improving, and I believe it to be largely due to these chews. She isn't crazy about the taste, so I hide it in her food.Next I'm going to see if the smaller size will help with one of our other pups, a three pound ankle biter. I've tried everything, including a trainer, to get his nipping under control. This product isn't really for that type of behavior so we'll see, and I'll update if it helps!
The claims and exhuberant anecdotes found in the reviews seem far-fetched and merely wishful thinking or products of overactive imaginations. Yet hope springs eternal, so I decided to try this wonder product for myself.An unopened package lay forgotten on a self until Piper infected a paw with some obsessive chewing. Nothing could stop her chewing as she woke us up multiple times in the course of a night with her loud, snort filled chewing. Then I remembered the Pet Naturals Calming supplements and gave one to Piper at bedtime. SHE SLEPT THROUGH THE NIGHT. On subsequent days I continued with the Calming supplements and she continued sleeping through the night.On New Years Eve both dogs were highly animated and agitated by the fireworks going off in the neighborhood. I gave them both a calming chew and both slept through the night. This stuff is amazing. It's also nice that the dogs seem to like the flavor of these soft chews and accept them readily.The ingredients of this product certainly seem benign with a patented active ingredient called Suntheanine. We call these treats little miracles. Even if you're skeptical like I was, give them a try for yourself. You might be amazed.
This is a product for keeping my golden retriever's hips and joints in good shape.  To obviously be able to discern whether or not that will be the case over the long term, it will be necessary for me to monitor that over a period of time.  What I can tell you immediately, is that my dog, Taz loves this stuff.  That is half the battle isn't it?  To get them to take something that is good for them.  He loves the flavor of these bone-shaped tablets.  They are small in size (about the size of a vitamin tablet), easily chewable and dark brown.  They are somewhat soft and chewy.  Seem very appealing to my dog.  Recommend to buy based on these things, again not knowing whether in the long run these will help your dogs hips, but my feeling is that they will do that.
I have a house full of pets, including 3 large dogs. Our oldest, a 12 year old mixed breed, tends to get achy joints in the fall and spring seasons. I think it's the moisture in the air, but during those months he occasionally has problems getting up and down. He's active and very playful for his age, but after sleeping for any length of time, his joints seem to get stiff or week and he has a hard time walking for his first few steps. Since it's seasonal, he's not really in need of a strong medication from the vet. Just something he can take during rainy weather to help his mild and occasional aches in his back hips.I've given several different formulas of pet supplements from Pet Naturals to my pets. My hairball plagued family cat LOVES his Pet Naturals hairball supplement treats. He begs for them every day, more than any regular treat I've ever given him. I've tried the digestive aid out with my dogs, but two out of three of them wouldn't eat them. Thankfully, the youngest dog who does eat them is also the one with gas problems. So they work out for her. So I was interested to see if my oldest dog would eat these, since he turns his nose up to the digestive aid from the same company. These are a bit larger than the small digestive aid chews, about the same size as a typical dog treat. My dog does indeed like them, and eats them up. So he's been taking them in this cold slushy weather we've been having. Hip and joint supplements always seem to help him get over his aches from laying too long, and these do too. And the bonus is he likes them, so it's not like trying to get him to eat a pill.
Glucasamine, Chondroitin, and Vitamin C really pop out at me as they're important ingredients for our own (human) joint & immune health.My dog is small, so he gets one of these a few times a week as a treat/supplement. He's 6 years old, so probably not old enough to be showing any hip/joint symptoms... still very spry and energetic. I got these as an Amazon Vine sample and probably would not spend the money on them myself, but I'm pretty cheap with pet stuff and figure my dog gets plenty of vitamins from the apple slices, carrots, and fresh meat / dog-safe people food I spoil him with.If you have a larger dog (especially something like a German Shepherd) that's getting on in years, it might be a decent idea to pick these up and add to its diet as a supplement specifically designed to ward off hip/joint issues.
I ordered this product specifically for my 11-year-old dog who clearly shows arthritic movements.  Her 80 pounds requires me to give two of these a day, which means after three weeks the supplement runs out.  I picked up an additional supply from my local feed store.Positive results were obvious within two weeks.  Despite that short time I've seen her tire less frequently and walk more normally in and around the house.  While she still tires easily after a walk, she doesn't limp around in pain.The supplements are non-sticky, don't smell, and not greasy at all.  They are actually a little on the dry side, and a few times I've given her the supplements in her food.Pet Naturals make good products and this is one more A product I can recommend.  At just $11 a month this is worth it for a better quality of life for an older dog.
I have been making my own doggie joint formula for my dogs using egg membrane and other natural ingredients. It works fine, but it is a powder that my dogs are not always wild about having sprinkled on their dinner. They seem to enjoy these much better and it saves me the work of having to make the powder. I see the most results in my 5 year old Shar-pei who is even more energetic than usual. I also have a Doberman who had surgery on her leg years ago but it still bothers her a little bit. It seems to be bothering her less since I've been giving her two of these with her dinner every night. This company seems to make some really nice products for dogs.
We have a yellow Lab that has pretty bad arthritis.  He loves to go on walks, but frequently has trouble with his joint pain.  This product combines glucosamine, chondroitin, MSM, fish oil (omega 3), vitamin C, and a number of other ingredients that purport to help with joint flexibility and inflammation.  Also important, it doesn't have the preservatives that they normally load stuff with.  My dog loves the taste and sees them as a treat.  I've just started him on it, so I'll have to update this review after I see any improvement in his movement.
One of the first things I noticed was the National Animal Supplement Seal (NASC) on the front of this package.  I've always been very particular about what I feed my animals and that extends to any sort of supplements and treats.  The NASC seal "is a way for consumers to know that when they buy a product, they buy from a reputable company that has successfully completed a facility audit. Different from the NASC logo, use of the Seal is a privilege for members and signifies that the company has been audited for implementation of specific standards."  After reading this I was assured that this product would be up to my finicky standards as well.I have one dog who is getting on in years and I've been giving her a "people" pill that contains glucosamine, MSM & chondrotin.  It's usually tossed into her food at mealtime, but she's definitive a gal who likes treats and accepted these chews readily.  In order to prevent stomach upset, I'm giving one close to her mealtime 2x day.  I know that this "formula" works because she is not licking her joints nor limping as much.  The reason I wanted these chews in particular is that they are formulated specifically for dogs' needs, not people.  They are in the shape of a small dog bone, which appeals to me at least.For dogs up to 25 pounds you are instructed to give 1 chew daily.  If you have a toy breed (I have one), I be inclined to consult my vet first as one size does not appear to fit all in this case.  For 25 - 75 pounds, 2 - 3 chews are recommended and for over 75 pounds, 4 - 6 chews daily.  There are only 45 chicken-liver flavored chews in the bag and if you want "quicker results," you would double the daily amount.  This is not unlike dosing for people who are arthritic and on glucosamine, MSM & chondrotin and it can be rather pricey to start.  I've also triedPet Naturals Skin & Coat for Dogswith very satistactory results.  Check out the math to see if these chews are worth looking into.  I do like this company's products and, as I mentioned before, do have a marked preference toward a product specifically aimed toward dogs.Active Ingredients Per Approximately 2 Soft Chews:Glucosamine HCl  750 mgMethylsulfonylmethane (MSM) 400 mgChondroitin Sulfate (Porcine) 400 mgAscorbic Acid (Stay-C Brand) 100 mgN,N-Dimethylglycine HCl (DMG) 100 mgEicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) 18 mgDocosahexaenoic Acid (DHA)  12 mgManganese (Mn Proteinate)  5 mgInactive Ingredients:  allspice, arabic gum, brewers yeast, chicken liver flavor, citric acid, fish oil, glycerin, ground oat groats, ground rye groats, mixed tocopherols, nutmeg, oat meal, pectin,  propionic acid,  proprietary blend (maltodextrin, sodium alginate and calcium sulfate), rosemary extract, silicon dioxide, sorbic acid, soy lecithin, vegetable oil, water.
I have been using hip and joint powder which I spread over my Doberman's supper. It is a mess to use and to clean up and it has to be stored in the refrigerator.. My Dobie would eat it but not very anxiously. These little treats (at least my Dobie thinks they are treats) are the way to go with this kind of treatment. Easy to store, easy to determne the amount to give and my dog loves them. He has the hip and joint malady that is common to large dogs and the powder does work but these treats are far more convenient. The down side is the cost. For a large dog the cost can run a dollar or more a day. If cost is not a factor then these are an exellent choice.
in his arthritic mobility since he has been taking these chews. They must be flavorful because he grows excited to take them when he sees the package in my hands.A shepherd-lab mix, he is now 16 going on 17 and I had become quite alarmed in the last few months at his decline in ease of movement (perhaps the onset of winter had something to do with it--it is unusually cold here in the Colorado Desert where we live) and I was growing anxious that he may eventually be unable to walk at all.Several active ingredients are glucosamine HCI shrimp and crab (750 mg), chondroitin sulfate porcine (400 mg.) and ascorbic acid Vitamin C (100 mg.).The package does contain a warning to consult with a veterinarian before using the product in "animals with clotting disorders; being treated with anticoagulant medications; diabetes, or any metabolic disorder causing hyperglycemia; history of urinary tract stones; known allergies to shellfish."So I am happy to say that, while he has not been restored to his former youthful vigor, he is much more comfortable and shows an agility I feared would never be again. I am grateful for this product and the price is much more reasonable than that of the supplement recommended by my veterinarian.
Having a multi dog/cat household of all rescue animals means we deal with a lot of medical issues as well. In fact, our group was at one time or another pretty much "the worst of the worst". Fortunately, they are all doing well but suffer from various issues and medical concerns from their prior life. One dog in particular had broken bones and long term starvation that had affected his hips and other joints. He has always walked with limp but has come a long way and now is able to run in small bursts. However, despite his enthusiasm, he has a tendency to get sore. The vet suggested supplements rather than long term use of steroids. We had been using another popular brand but frankly, the cost is high and the dog doesn't really like the flavor. Not so with this...he absolutely loves these and def thinks it is a treat rather than medication. A big plus for a dog who has had to endure far too much medication in the past.All in all, I've quickly become a big fan of this brand!
Pet Naturals are great! Bleu and Sissy love these Supplements. My dogs think they are treats and cant wait for their daily hip and joint supplement. Pet naturals has done a great job of making supplements that must taste great to dogs and cats because they just love them. Bleu my Yellow Labrador is 10 years old and the vet recenty told me to start him on a hip and joint supplement, and these tasty chews are the supplement of choice.
Golden tested.  Owner approved.My eight-year old Golden Retriever, Belles, approves this bacony-looking supplements.  As Goldens are prone to hip and joint issues (and, as a breed, are prone to cancer), I am very, very picky about the nutrition I give her.  She, quite frankly, likes food.  So, this makes us both happy: she's convinced that it's a special treat; I feel good about protecting her precious bones.Cost, while certainly no cheap, is reasonable.Note: do not overdose!
My 6 year old boston terrier walks/run with me everyday for about 40 minutes. After half an hour he was pretty much done and was very slow. After 2 weeks of giving him this supplement he actually keeps the same pace. I didn't change anything in his diet and he was my companion on the walks for a long time so I think that he might have some aches.Also sometimes I heard click noise once in a while and he would limp for a few minutes before coming back to normal. Now I realized that I didn't see that for a while. So it might be the Pet Naturals hip/joint snacks.
I generally hate to give my pets dog treats, they are bad for them and are mainly corn or fat.  But, I found these great Pet Naturals Hip and Joint treats for my dogs, not only are they good for them, but they love the taste.  Great product to try out.
My dog loves these, all my dogs do. I only give it regularly to my older dog (Bernese Mt Dog) and he seems a wee bit more spry. That could be his personality though, at 8 (old for a Berner) he still thinks he's a puppy. I love the ingredients and so did my vet friend. The price is a bit high for me, though.
My 13 year old lab mix was having issues with stiff hips and back legs that would sometimes buckle under her, and although I had her on something else for her hips and joints, I knew I had to look for something a lot stronger, and that was this product. Pet Naturals overall seems like a good brand, but the Hip and Joint treats seem to have the fastest, clearest difference. I shopped around a bit and noted that this product has the highest glucosamine and chondroiton levels per serving, *and* they offered better value in terms amount of treats per bag. Other joint treats tend to be a lot larger, while containing less joint-related stuff in them.Now my dog looks like she never had hip issues at all, and is easily going out for walks and hopping around like she's a pup. If your dog is having severe issues, I'd highly recommend this product.
My Pooper is 1/2 German Shepard, 1/4 Boxer and 1/4 Cocker Spaniel. He's a lovable mutt and he's very active. He's also very picky about his food and he's not really a big treat dog. Though, he loves these treats andPet Naturals of Vermont - Calming Support for Medium & Large Dogs Soft Chews Chicken Liver Flavored - 21 Chewableswhich I give him to calm his separation anxiety.These are not treats, they are a supplement which contain vitamins and minerals to help keep your dog mobile. The dosage is from 1 to 4 treats a day depending on the weight of your dog.They are about 1-inch in size which makes them easy for your dog to chew. They are also easy to break in half if you might want to use these as training tools or playing hide and seek with them.Definitely, I'd purchase them again for my dog, as he seems to enjoy them.
I have one large dog and two 3 pound Maltese, all under 5 years old. ALL are taking Pet Naturals Hip & Joint.The American Water Spaniel is an active working dog, and the ingredients in these keep her joints lubricated and will hopefully prevent future problems.This supplement is SO important for very small dogs. Wee ones like my Malts are prone to knee and hip problems, one has already had surgery for a luxating patella, and after very careful examination, the other has a slightly 'sloppy' one. My vet recommended a joint supplement, and this one has everything that I would hand mix myself.
My dogs really love this supplement. I give them glucosamine for joint health, but also because one of my dogs had knee surgery and the vet recommended it. The Hip+Joint supplements provide the right amount of glucosamine and other nutrients they need.  I have chihuahuas, so I break each treat in half so they can share it. The dosage works out right for them. They digest it well and it doesn't cause any side effects. It makes it so much easier to give them their glucosamine without dealing with the large tablets they usually have to take. Two paws up!
Opening both the Sesame Chicken Entr&eacute;e and the Chicken Pot Pie, there is not a lot of aroma, it looks like chicken soup with carrots and it is brothy and wet.Having so slight an aroma, I thought my cat may not like it, but she does like both flavors.Small in size like Fancy Feast, one can isn't a meal. My cat eats dry food and this is a treat for her.It is expensive though. It seems like a very high quality food for cats.I would recommend this to someone whose cat is very fussy.
This food looks and smells DELICIOUS, even to mom's vegetarian nose! Frankly, most canned cat food makes mom heave and gag, especially when it's heated for a sickie, so she's actually looking forward to having to nuke some of this.She started with our picky eater, who, not coincidentally, hasn't been here very long and who's never eaten canned food since he's been here, no matter what flavor it was. It took him a minute, but he, too, enjoyed it. The rest of the herd came flying into the kitchen, even the deafie!! The baby with cerebral palsy got so excited she forgot to remove her toes and tail from the door of the feeding cage, did a flip, and almost took a header to the floor.THANKS Petite Cuisine!!Love, the special critters
This is great food and all my cats love it. It's the perfect size for an adult cat to eat. It looks like 'real' food and doesn't have all the junk normal cat food has. I have also found that it does not make my cats sick when they eat it. It's pricey, but when you consider how much better it is I think it's worth it for your pets.
We used to make our own cat food & this is a excellent substitute!  It looks & smells wonderful!  Get out your fork for the Chinese chicken or your spoon for the Chicken Pot Pie & dig in!We have six cats & all six of them loved this!The Chinese chicken is shredded white meat & a little bit of carrots in broth.  Mostly shredded meat.  You can smell the sesame!The Chicken Pot Pie has cubes of white meat in a broth with carrots.  This isn't as filling for the kitties.  They did enjoy the broth a lot!  Later they went back for the meat.  The Chicken Pot Pie would be perfect if for your kitty if you are trying to get kitty to get more liquids in their diet.  One of our males, Door Knob Head, had crystals & blood in his urine.  The vet said it could get really expensive if the first round of treatment didn't work.  It didn't work.  Cats can eventually die from blockage if left untreated.  I researched the condition & got him to drink tons of water.  It fushed him out & he's doing great for many years!  My life would have been a lot easier if I knew about the Chicken Pot Pie.  It would have been the perfect way to get more liquids into him!Each 4 pack box comes with a coupon for $1 off your purchase & if you fill out your info. on that very same coupon, they will mail you another coupon for $1.00 off a future purchase.  Not too shabby!  Yeah, this stuff is pretty darn expensive.  A fine example of you get what you pay for.My only complaint is I would like the option of purchasing one or the other, as in no variety pack.I highly recommend this for your kitties!  Six kitties tested, two kitty parents approve....
I wasn't quite sure my cats would eat this because I've never fed them anything other than dry kibble.  I needn't have worried; my cats love it!I like that it has human grade ingredients (no bad odors here) and that it contains absolutely no gluten (the ingredient that caused a massive pet food recall a few years back).  Something I didn't know before ordering Petite Cuisine is that it comes in recyclable aluminum cans, which means it won't contribute to the overflowing landfill problem.All in all, my only complaint is the cost, but I will probably buy more for my cats as a special treat.  They will love me for it.
This food is a delight to give to one of the most important members of the family.  She's a bit choosy & will walk away readily from many foods. So, it is really something to watch her just gobble this down!The smaller sized can is nice as well for it insures that she'll eat the whole thing-down to the carrots. With the larger cans, she'll leave a third or more sitting there and it goes to waste.Petite Cuisine may cost a bit more, but nutritionally it is a very good meal for the kitty and she likes it, so none goes uneaten!  So, in the long run, it is a good value.On inspection of the cat food, it is composed of very good ingredients and is a high quality product.Our kitty loves it and gobbles it down at one sitting!
With 12 cats (1 outdoor, 2 part-time outdoor, 9 full-time indoor), it didn't take me long to test this product! The first day, I introduced the cats to the Petite Cuisine seafood entr&eacute;es. The next evening, they got to try these two Entr&eacute;es.What do you get in this package?SIX FOUR-PACKS of cat food. Each serving comes in a small tin, (3 ounces each), 24 tins all total. EACH four-pack includes:-- two Sesame Chicken Entr&eacute;es-- two Chicken Pot Pie Entr&eacute;esAs I said, each tin is a breakfast or supper-sized serving for your cat. These are the smaller-type tins, not the larger Friskies-sized ones (from which I get two servings).I gave each of my cats a tin of this (I included half of one flavor, and half of the other) and just let them go to whichever bowl that they wished, which is how I always feed them (They normally get Science Diet hard food twice daily and then canned catfood once every two days for a special treat). They went after the "gravy" first and, after licking that all up, they ate the solid food. All the cats ate all the food. These cats are all orphans (former strays) and some were really ferrel when we first took them in -- now they're all spoiled and calm. Most are pretty old (seven of them are over 10 years old). One cat is especially finicky about her food but she ate this product just fine.This catfood (like most catfood) is sort of nasty looking when you open a tin but that's because all the good chunks of chicken meat have settled to the bottom. The fairly clear gravy has some thickness, not watery. I was pretty enthused when I saw the tiny carrot pieces in the Chicken Pot Pie Entr&eacute;e. I was initially afraid that they would eat around the carrots but they didn't -- they gulped it right down with the rest of the ingredients.I'll give you the ingredients list here from the Chicken Pot Pie Entr&eacute;e: Chicken, chicken broth, sweet potato, carrots, soy bean oil, Tapioca starch, tricalcium phosphate, Guar gum, calcium sulfate, Olive oil, vitamins and minerals (Vitamin E supplement, Vitamin A supplement, Vitamin D3 supplement), zinc sulfate, thiamine mononitrate, manganese sulfate, Menadione sodium bisulfate complex (source of Vitamin K activity), Riboflavin supplement, folic acid, Pryidoxine hydrochloride, copper amino acid complex, iron amino acid complex, Carrageenan, Choline Chloride, Taurine.Guarantee analysis: crude protein (min) 12%, crude fat (min) 1%, crude fiber (max) 1%, moisture (max) 85%, ash (max) 3%. This catfood contains no Wheat Gluten.The breakdown on both flavors runs about the same. Two of my cats are diabetic (they each get two insulin injections per day) which means, in the real world, that they throw up quite often. This food did not make them throw up.I can definitely recommend this catfood with these two caveats:-- it's pricey.-- they still like one type of Friskies brand slightly better (they fight over it): Salmon Dinner.Given those two items, this catfood is a winner. Highly recommended.
This was a serious surprise to us... our cats have always refused wet cat food except for people quality tuna in the can. Soon as we opened these for them ( was a varity pack ) they scarfed one down and everyday wanted more .. it really looks, smells like people food! The package says "people food for cats" and after reading the ingrediants I believe it is!
My 18 year old, finicky cat absolutely loves this food.I'm so glad to find something healthy that he likes.
This is great food and all my cats love it.  It's the perfect size for an adult cat to eat.  It looks like 'real' food and doesn't have all the junk normal cat food has.  I have also found that it does not make my cats sick when they eat it.  It's pricey, but when you consider how much better it is I think it's worth it for your pets.
This is a perfect example of "you get what you pay for".  Yes this is expensive but by golly, I think it's real food!  Amazing!  Upon opening the little can, I see flakes of fish & some liquid.  Smells like fish that you eat.  Check the ingredients, hmmm fish.  How about that?  No by products?  Where are the guts they scrap off the floor?  All that yummy stuff not fit for humans to eat...even though a small percentage does end up in our food supply.  The box says "People Food for Cats"  They weren't kidding!  That's why this is so expensive!  It's FOOD!  Such a novel concept!Do the cats like it?  Oh my yes!  We have 6 cats & they simply LOVE this stuff & why wouldn't they?  This food, it is worth it!  Good food equals healthy cats.  Healthy cats don't go to the vet so darn much.  Less vet visits equal more money!  Yippie!To ease the price burden, each 4 pack box of food contained a coupon for $1.00 off the next 4 pack purchase.  If you fill in some info on the coupon itself, they will mail you an additional $1.00 off coupon for your next purchase.  Not bad!
With 12 cats (1 outdoor, 2 part-time outdoor, 9 full-time indoor), it didn't take me long to test this product!What do you get in this package?SIX FOUR-PACKS of cat food. Each serving comes in a small tin, (3 ounces each), 24 tins all total. EACH four-pack includes:-- one Red Snapper Entr&eacute;e-- one Steamed Tuna and Shrimp Entr&eacute;e-- one Steamed Tuna and Sole Entr&eacute;e-- one Yellow Fin Tuna Entr&eacute;eAs I said, each tin is a breakfast or supper-sized serving for your cat. These are the smaller-type tins, not the larger Friskies-sized ones (from which I get two servings).I gave each of my cats a tin of this (I included an equal number of each flavor) and just let them go to whichever bowl that they wished, which is how I always feed them (They normally get Science Diet hard food twice daily and then canned catfood once every two days for a special treat). They went after the "gravy" first and, after licking that all up, they ate the chunks of seafood. All the cats ate all the food. These cats are all orphans (former strays) and some were really ferrel when we first took them in -- now they're all spoiled and calm. Most are pretty old (seven of them are over 10 years old). One cat is especially finicky about her food but she ate this product just fine.This catfood (like most catfood) is sort of nasty looking when you open a tin but that's because all the good chunks of meat have settled to the bottom. The fairly clear gravy has some thickness, not watery.I'll give you the ingredients list here from the Red Snapper Entr&eacute;e: fish broth, Tuna filets, Red Snapper Fillets, soy bean oil, tricalcium phosphate, Guar gum, calcium sulfate, Carrageenan, vitamins and minerals (Vitamin E supplement, Vitamin A supplement, Vitamin D3 supplement), zinc sulfate, thiamine mononitrate, manganese sulfate, Menadione sodium bisulfate complex (source of Vitamin K activity), Riboflavin supplement, folic acid, Pryidoxine hydrochloride, copper amino acid complex, iron amino acid complex.Guarantee analysis: crude protein (min) 13%, crude fat (min) 1.5%, crude fiber (max) 1%, moisture (max) 85%, ash (max) 3%, taurine (min) 0.1%. This catfood contains no Wheat Gluten.The breakdown on all four flavors runs about the same. Two of my cats are diabetic (they each get two insulin injections per day) which means, in the real world, that they throw up quite often. This food did not make them throw up.I can definitely recommend this catfood with these two caveats:-- it's pricey.-- they still like one type of Friskies brand slightly better (they fight over it): Salmon Dinner.Given those two items, this catfood is a winner. Highly recommended.
These supplements are tiny, and have the same vaguely beef-y smell as a lot of other dog treats/supplements. But it's not an offensive smell, and my border collies plant their furry behinds on the floor in a hurry when I open the package in hopes of getting one!The ingredient list is sound, which I appreciate very much, and the instructions are simple and direct - one chewy per 25# of body weight daily.As my vet just recommended that my little one get fish oil or some other oil-based supplement for dry skin, these are perfect. With each dog only needing one per day, I expect the bag to last several weeks and look forward to seeing good results.UPDATE: These haven proven exceptionally effective! Nearly down to the end of the bag now, I can feel a decided difference in the texture of my dogs' skin and coats. Much softer, very silky. Very glad we tried these and definitely planning to buy some more!
My old German Shepherd mix dog has always had dull, itchy skin.  While a high-fat diet worked well for her in her younger years, she's now a big dog with a weight problem and fatty treats are no longer the answer.She likes these little chews.  Although I don't see much difference in the luster of her coat, she does seem to be scratching herself much less.  These chews have a slight odor, but nothing too repulsive.
I have a Chinese Shar-pei and a Doberman Pinscher. Both have issues with dry skin. I have been giving them 2 of these each with their evening meal. They both enjoy the taste. My Shar-pei is no longer biting his legs and the fur looks a lot nicer, so it seams to be working for him. My Doberman has very flaky skin (most likely due to her her being a nervous dog). At first, I thought this product was not working for her, but I can now see that she has less flakes than before and her coat is nice and shiny. I am also giving her extra salmon in her diet, so that may be helping as well.If your dog has itchy skin, I would give this a try. It worked best for one of my dogs who had itchy skin on his legs due to his breed, not because of poor diet or nervousness. I find this product to be better than the fish oil I was using before, as the oil was messy and smelly, and these little biscuits work just as well.Update: I bought a bag of these at Petco this weekend and they were quite expensive($14). Buying them on Amazon is definitely a better value.
One of the first things I noticed was the National Animal Supplement Seal (NASC) on the front of this package.  I've always been very particular about what I feed my animals and that extends to any sort of supplements and treats.  The NASC seal "is a way for consumers to know that when they buy a product, they buy from a reputable company that has successfully completed a facility audit. Different from the NASC logo, use of the Seal is a privilege for members and signifies that the company has been audited for implementation of specific standards."  After reading this I was assured that this product would be up to my finicky standards as well.The feeding instructions told me to "feed 1 chew per 25 lbs body weight, daily."  I have one dog who is quite small and was easily able to cut the chew as I guesstimated what he should have.  Both dogs were eager to have a sample and didn't turn away from the Skin & Coat chews.  Naturally those tails were wagging because they approved of the duck flavor.  I haven't discussed this particular supplement with my veterinarian, but I do know that the omega fatty acids do help with a shiny coat and are beneficial in many other areas, including helping with things such as inflammation.  My dog's coats are good, but I'm pleased that this treat-like supplement is available because I like not only the benefits of a healthy coat, but also others that omega fatty acids are known to provide.INGREDIENTS:Brewers dried yeast, glycerin, natural duck flavor, flaxseed, dried carrots, dried alfalfa, safflower oil, lecithin, vitamin E supplement, maltodextrin, sodium alginate, calcium sulfate, dried kelp, parsley, green tea extract, garlic, canola oil, salmon oil, mixed tocopherols (a preservative), propionic acid (a preservative).Guaranteed Analysis Represents Minimum Levels PerChew Unless Otherwise Stated (1.75g):Moisture (max) - 20.3%Crude Protein (min) - 19.3%Crude Fat (min) - 14.3%Crude Fiber (max) - 3.4%Vitamin E (min 14000 IU/kg) - 25 IU*Omega 3 Fatty Acids (min 1.2%) - 22 mg*Omega 6 Fatty Acids (min 3.7%) - 66 mg*Omega 9 Fatty Acids (min1.4%) - 25 mg
One of my dogs has had problems with scratching and excessive shedding and these have definitely helped. She likes these like a treat and her skin has cleared up and is shedding a lot less.
My two dogs love this product. It is not a treat, but a supplement for their skin and coat. They must be really tasty to dogs, as mine gobble them up and beg for more. Can't ask for anything else.
Anything pet related I love to try out and test on my picky dogs. The product states it supports skin comfort, clean sheen coat, proper skin tones, strengthening of the hair and antioxidants to promote skin health. For dogs with allergies / skin issues it is certainly worth the try to try a product out. In the past we have had dogs with allergies and products like this have done wonders. My current dogs are fine with their skin/hair no allergies. However the hair does give off a sheen look, and looks healthy as well. We have a Matlese, Shih Tzu, a Mix Mutt and a Lab. All of them absolutely love the taste of these, and if given the chance would devour them.Directions state Feed 1 chew per 25 lbs body weight, daily. My dogs do look forward to them daily!
I have an Akita, and if you know Akitas, they can have some serious shedding now and then. I wasn't necessarily looking to stop the shedding, but I was hoping that this would help make his coat look more refined, and it did exactly that. It was particularly important because my dog suffers from dry skin, no matter how much oatmeal-based shampoo I use, no matter how careful I am with his food quality and protecting him from fleas, his skin still suffers to some degree. I think these supplements helped quite a bit, so I'm going to stick to them from now on.
I noticed from the first taste that our dogs really like the taste of these pet naturals. The usually mellow Piper growled protectively when Gabby got near her chew. It's hard to tell how the coats have improved on our two dogs, but I do notice that chronically scratching and itchy Piper doesn't seem to scratch and dig at herself nearly as much as she did before we started on the Pet Naturals regimen.Pet Naturals are a worthwhile supplement with wholesome ingredients.An added thought - For what it's worth some products use brewers yeast, the first ingredient of Skin+Coat chews, as a flea repellent.
First of all, we currently have three little chihuahuas living in our home, ranging from one year to eight years. All are active, and horror of horrors, the other night two of them came in carrying baby bunnies. Cute little chihuahuas, so proud of their achievement. Sadly, we didn't let them keep them, but insisted they eat healthier food.While beef might not be the best ingredients for our cholesterol, dogs love beef, and this is a favorite for our dogs - when they aren't catching their own dinner. LOL.
I have two criteria when selecting a food for either my pets or my family: Does it contain high quality ingredients?  And does it taste good?I wound up quite impressed with this food.  When selecting a dog food, the first ingredient listed should be meat - not corn or another grain, and preferably not even a "meat meal" or "meat by-product".  The first several ingredients listed on this bag are meat in one form or another.The second test is whether the dogs dig in with gusto or just eat it because there's no alternative.  My dogs free-feed  and maintain their weight very well that way.  They didn't overeat on this food any more than they usually do but I would say they seemed to eat it with more enthusiasm than their regular feed.
Another great flavor from Rachel Ray! Tried this because my dogs are big fans of the chicken flavor; turns out they're big fans of this one too. I wasn't sure I'd get the bag as far as the counter with their pushy noses smooshed against the bag snuffling to find out what yumminess I'd brought home. As with the other flavors in this line, I was pleased to find a quality ingredients list - no fillers, allergens or other ingredients that don't belong in dog food! I've had excellent luck with Rachel Ray brand dog food and am very happy to pay for the peace of mind that comes with feeding my dogs quality kibble. Definitely recommend this and will be buying again.
One of the things I don't like to see in a so-called "natural" dog food are ingredients that are really off-the-wall ingredients, but I'm not seeing anything in here except perhaps the debatable Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex.  My dogs aren't going to eat piles of this ingredient, so the issue is rather a moot point.  I really go over dog food ingredients with my vet because I have one dog whose seizure activity can be exacerbated by treats or foods.  People often start yelling about things like corn not being digestible, but she bluntly stated to me, "It's a vegetable and you eat it don't you?"The ingredients are fairly similar to another dog food I'm using for my small dog and if it creates any problems we'll switch foods.  So far, so good.  The Rachael Ray Nutrish with Real Beef and Brown Rice was a hit even before it got out of the packing box.  And so, the real question is, is do they like it?  Both of my dogs loved it and are begging for a more.  One has his head stuck in the empty bag and the other is sniffing around myVittles Vault, a secure storage container (awesome one actually).  The food is in assorted sizes, but manageable by even my smallest.  It's a decent food that both dogs like.IngredientsBeef, Chicken Meal, Ground Rice, Corn Meal, Soybean Meal, Poultry Fat (preserved with mixed tocopherols), Corn Gluten Meal, Brown Rice, Oatmeal, Dried Plain Beet Pulp, Natural Flavor, Dicalcium Phosphate, Salt, Calcium Carbonate, Dehydrated Alfalfa, Dried Peas, Dried Carrots, Dried Tomatoes, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Olive Oil, Iron Oxide, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, Dried Parsley, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), Mixed Tocopherols, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of vitamin K activity), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic Acid.NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION:Crude Protein (Min) 26%Crude Fat (Min) 15%Crude Fiber (Max) 4.0%Moisture (Max) 12%Linoleic Acid (Min)  1.5%Calcium (Min)  1.1%Phosphorus (Min)  0.9%Zinc (Min)  250 mg/kgVitamin E (Min)  225 IU/kgVitamin E (Min)  225 IU/kg"Rachael Ray Nutrish with Real Beef & Grown Rice Dog Food is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO (Association of American Feed Control Officials) Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for all life stages of a dog."RECOMMENDED DAILY FEEDING:* One cup for each 10 pounds of body weight
I love the idea that proceeds from the sale of this product goes to rescue animals in need. That reason alone was what made me want to buy this product for my dog.My dog still eats his Eukanuba puppy food, but I wanted to buy this too, to give as another form of treat. Since I'm still training him and since I love rewarding him, I like to try anything new I see that seems healthy for him.Maybe when he is an adult I'll ask the vet if I can switch  him to this dog food.He does love the taste and if Rachel Ray feeds this to her Isaboo, it must be good.
Dog gets so excited when its time to eat this, and spends time eating the meat portions first then the rest, he just loves the taste of this. Definitely recommended!
My dogs love Rachael Ray's dog food, Beef & Rice variety. Besides being healthy for them, its made with grains, real beef and rice, they devour it when I place it in their bowls. Before using Rachael Ray, I've bought very expensive and cheap dog foods, which I don't think come close to RR's brand. On average I spend $9 for a 6 pound bag and that lasts 3 weeks, so its inexpensive and not made from by-products, which is good for my budget and for my dogs overall health.
That kind of blew me away, however I did try it.Actually looks better than regular kibble (although that's probably for us as I doubt the dogs care about looks), and the smell was not overpowering as I thought it might be.The food itself seems more condensed so even though it is pricy, you can feed less.Our 3 really did like the food but weren't looking for more so even with a lesser amount, it would appear to have filled them up.I was also concerned if changing to this food would cause intestinal distress, but it did not.Good ingredients, very little filler.I highly recommend this food.  Since it is pricy, might I suggest you mix it with your regular product.Thank you.MEF
I love my dogs, they are like my children.  So, I love to have good food, the Rachael Ray brand is amazing and my dogs love this.  This is a great beef and rice recipe that they are excited to eat when I open the bag, and I know all the ingredients on the back.
Very first ingredient is beef, that's awesome! This food is made with real meat, and veggies plus vitamins.My dog definitely approves because she stayed at her bowl till there was none left. That doesn't normally happen, she will usually take between 1 to 2 days to finish off whatever is in there.You care about what goes into your body and or your kids body right? Well your dog should be no different, give them something that's good and good for them. Give your dog Rachael Ray nutrish, you'll be glad you did.
I've reviewed several different varieties of Rachael Ray dog food on Amazon and think this one is the best.  The opinion is a bit subjective since I'm not eating the stuff myself, but here are my reasons.  First, my dog seems to like it better.  Secondly, it seems to have finer, more uniform kernels that are slightly more oily than the other varieties.  In my experience, oily foods tend to make a dog's coat softer and help with digestive problems.  This has certainly been the case for me.  There have been no irregular bowel movements and the dog seems to really like the food.  The ingredients also look quite good for the price.  Overall I would give this dog food a strong recommendation.
Rachel Ray's line of dog foods are perfect for our smaller picky breeds.  This one in particular is a favorite in the puppy bowl.  They do not seem to be as picky and spend time "sniffing around" the different kibbles.  The little dogs eat it up and seem to be healthy as ever without ay digestive issues.  It is nice to be able to read the ingredients on a bag of dog food and actually know what all the ingredients are.  I feel confident feeding our most prized pets this brand of food and will be making it a habit in the future!
I have tried any number of dry dog foods and many are simply not "acceptable" to my Basenji. Not only will he not eat the stuff, he will turn over the dish, scattering it all over the floor - requiring a vacuum to clean up.I had not tried any of the Rachel Ray dog foods prior to getting these via the Amazon Vine program.I got two varieties of this Rachel Ray Nutrish Dry Dog Food.  This is the Chicken & Vegetable Recipe.He liked both of these right from the start. I put a very small amount in his dish and he gobbled it up and looked for more.I received another variety - the "Nutrish Lamb and Rice" dry food from the same maker. I mixed these together and I think he likes the combo even better than each on its own.
normally i feed my 50 pound husky Natural Choice, chicken recipe.  when i saw this offer on Vine, i decided to try it.  with his usual brand, i top it with some wet dog food to entice him to start eating.  with this new food, he started eating it right away without any topping.  he even ate a 2nd helping (1 cup).this food must taste good.  it actually smells good.
My dog absolutely loves Chef Michael products which are nutritious.  I chose this product because it was literally meatier than most others.  While I didn't find the ingredients as nutritious as I would like, the dog on the other hand wolfed each serving and loved it!  My dog is not sneezing nearly as much and it appears that the dog is thriving from this food.  Others have posted about how their dogs' allergies have cleared up with Nutrish.  That is a good endorsement and my dog will certainly bark to that!  To my dog, Nutrish is Delish!
I had reviewed theRachael Ray Nutrish Just 6 Limited Ingredient Dry Dog Food, Lamb & Rice Recipe, 6-Pound Baga few weeks ago. My Irish wolfhound liked it and I was planning on continuing feeding her the kibble mixed with raw or canned. However, after a trip to the vet for another ear infection, the vet suggested, along with prescribing a month's worth of expensive medications, eliminating beef as this apparently is the cause of some ear allergies--and seeing if that helped. So I thought I'd try the chicken and veggie mix.The wolfhound loves this food. She has never been a huge chicken (dry kibble) fan, but this appears to do something for her palate and she enthusiastically snarfs it down--even with 11 pills per meal hidden in raw or canned food mixed with it.  I'm very pleased since sticking my hand down her throat to shove pills far enough down so she won't cough them out isn't my first choice for fun.  Rachael Ray Nutrish line has a fan in both of us!
One of the things I don't like to see in a so-called "natural" dog food are ingredients that are really off-the-wall ingredients, but I'm not seeing anything in here except perhaps the debatable Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex.  My dogs aren't going to eat piles of this ingredient, so the issue is rather a moot point.  I really go over dog food ingredients with my vet because I have one dog whose seizure activity can be exacerbated by treats or foods.  People often start yelling about things like corn not being digestible, allergies to wheat and/or soy, but if you object to it, you can simply pass.  My vet is not overly alarmed at the corn because, as she claims, it's a vegetable.  My dogs don't have allergies to either wheat or corn so I'm fine with it.The ingredients are fairly similar to another dog food I'm using for my small dog and if it creates any problems we'll switch foods.  The Rachael Ray Nutrish Chicken & Veggie formula was a hit even before it got out of the packing box (as were the others that arrived).  And so, the real question is, is do they like it?  Both dogs are checking out the bags and sniffing around theirVittles Vault, a secure storage container (awesome one actually).  The kibble is not overly large and can be easily eaten, even by my smallest dog.  It's a good quality food that both dogs like.IngredientsChicken, Chicken Meal, Ground Rice, Corn Meal, Soybean Meal, Poultry Fat (preserved with mixed tocopherols), Corn Gluten Meal, Brown Rice, Oatmeal, Dried Plain Beet Pulp, Natural Flavor, Dicalcium Phosphate, Salt, Calcium Carbonate, Dehydrated Alfalfa, Dried Peas, Dried Carrots, Dried Tomatoes, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Olive Oil, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, Iron Oxide, Dried Parsley, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), Mixed Tocopherols, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of vitamin K activity), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic AcidNUTRITIONAL INFORMATION:Crude Protein (Min) 26%Crude Fat (Min) 15%Crude Fiber (Max) 4.0%Moisture (Max) 12%Linoleic Acid (Min)  1.5%Calcium (Min)  1.1%Phosphorus (Min)  0.9%Zinc (Min)  250 mg/kgVitamin E (Min)  225 IU/kg"Rachael Ray Nutrish with Real Chicken & Veggies Dog Food is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO (Association of American Feed Control Officials) Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for all life stages of a dog."RECOMMENDED DAILY FEEDING:Adult Dog Size:5 lbs.  3/4 cup10 lbs.  1 cup20 lbs.  1-3/4 cups40 lbs.  3 cups60 lbs.  4-1/4 cups80 lbs.  5-1/4 cupsOver 100 lbs.  6-1/4 cups--plus 1/2 cup per every 12 lbs. Above 100 lbs.
My Dobie, Max, loves Rachel Ray Nutrish. I feed it to him as a sort of treat by sprinkling some on top of his Purina dry food. He had been eating the beef and brown rice version which ran out yesterday. I tried to get a replacement when I was over at BJ's but they don't carry Rachael Ray. Luckily the chicken and vegetable version arrived yesterday evening so this morning he had that spread on his Purina instead of the beef. Max loves chicken and wasted no time in gobbling down the bowl of food and then licking the bowl as is his custom. When he finished he looked up at me and gave me a big grin so I know he was pleased. When this chicken and vegetable runs out I will check for replacements at Petsmart which is here in town or if they don't have it I will try Petco which is down the road a ways. The price is right and it keeps Max happy.
The first time our smaller-than-normal-size Miniature Schnauzer saw he had something new in his bowl, he got excited. Not as excited as when he foundChef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food 11.5 Pound Bag, but that stubby little tail was sure a' waggin'!This is a side of our dog we had never seen when we fed him only Hills Prescription i/d.  He really wanted to eat this stuff!  Here's a little history:  Back when our dog was about 1 1/2 years old, he had some kind of gastrointestinal attack.  It was a scary 48 hours for all of us.  After $1000+ in vet bills, we still had no understanding of what happened.  Did he eat something he should not have?  Would the problem re-occur?  (Personally, in hindsight, we thought maybe he ate a seed from a Mountain Laurel.)  End result, though, was the vet put him on Hills Prescription Diet i/d.  He's been eating it now for 2-3 years.  That and any cut raw veggie he can get his teeth on.  His favorite is carrot coins, but he will scarf up cucumber, celery and zucchini slices; he will steal sugar snap peas,  green beans, swiss chard and bok choy from my garden basket while I'm harvesting.  While we can't keep him away from the veggies, we have to pick him up and place him in front of the Hills i/d and cajole him to eat it.So, we had been toying with the idea of taking a chance and switching it out for something else.  But what dog food to choose?  Then along came a few opportunities to sample some new dog foods.  The first he tried was the Chef Michael's Chicken, and then we compared it to the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand.  This Chicken and Veggies food has 4% more protein than the Hills, and 6% more fat.  It has 2% less chicken than Chef Michael's and 1% less fat.  Plus all the other goodies that an adult dog needs in about the same proportions as the Hills and Chef Michael's.  Our dog's stools are a bit stinkier, but they sure are easier for the dog to expel with that bit of extra fat.  It is a softer food, so we'll have to keep him better supplied with dental treats.  Serving size is the same for all three foods.While our dog likes Chef Michael's better, I think I like the Nutrish Chicken and Veggies better.  Why?  Because it has more fiber, even more fiber than the Hills i/d.  (Hills is 3.5%; Chef Michael's is 3% and this is 4%.)  And if our dog really has permanent gastrointestinal issues, I think more fiber is better for him.  Maybe we'll switch between one and the other.  Or maybe we'll mix the two together and see how that goes.But, most importantly, our dog is having no issues with this new food at this time, and he sure seems happier and "bouncier".  When his bowl goes down, he treats it like he's getting a Greenie--and he loves his Greenies.Of course, one month's time--some of it spent in changing over from one food to the next--is not long enough to really know whether we can permanently get rid of the Hills i/d, and I will update this review further down the line.  But, so far, so good:  We're glad we took a chance and made a change.
On popular dog food sites this food is rated at 2.5 out of 5 stars which is in the medium- My dogs like it a lot- They like the beef flavor much better but for the price point its a nice quality food-
The first ingredient is chicken and not chicken by product. Real food is great for my dog and this one fits the bill.I always let my dog sample her food by giving her a cup full to taste. She practically inhaled this one, so overall id call it a success.Im really impressed with this line of dog food. I may have to make a permanent change in what i feed my baby from here on out.
This is (I think) the third Rachael Ray dog food we have tried in recent months.  I'm just as satisfied with this one as with the others.  I was a little skeptical about the "vegetables" being in the recipe, but my dog loves it, and there have been no problems with bowel movements or sickness or even food allergies.  The small bag has the bonus of being perfect for taking camping or on short trips - even leaving with the dog-sitter.  Overall I'm very satisfied with this product and would purchase again in the future.
So, my Norwegian Elkhound likes most treats - some more than others. I have used a variety of treats to work on training with her as well. Things from yogurt drops, milkbones, and pupcorn.I knew these were a hit when I opened the bag, turned around, and when I looked back at her she was drooling. She will do pretty much anything for these treats.These are basically mini-beef jerky strips for dogs. There are quite a few in a 4 oz package (more than I actually thought there would be). There is a little bit of an odor, but I have ran across other treats that have a more offensive odor than these.All in all a good treat, and Elkhound approved!
Well, first I would have to say that I did not personally taste these treats.  Not that I wouldn't have been willing but as a vegetarian they just didn't appeal.  Next, my dogs are not fussy so will eat anything.  What would have surprised me is if they hadn't eaten them.  With all that said, the ingredient list shows high quality ingredients and that is important to me - high quality ingredients lead to good health which means fewer vet visits.  These treats look like soft little beef jerky rectangles, about an inch long, 3/4 inch wide, and very thin - really best suited to little dogs.  My dogs are large dogs and they go down so fast I wonder if they even taste them.  But they must, because they are effective dog trainers - carry a few of these in my pocket when walking the dogs and they will sit, stay and come with alacrity to get their treat.
Well I need to order more now. My 3 Chihuahuas loved this stuff.I would buy again.
Our dog is usually very hesitant about trying something new and walks away from many popular treats.She Loved these treats and never hesitated a bit to try them.Looks like one that will be on my future shopping lists.Thanks to Amazon Vine for allowing me to try these out.
This is a wonderful product.  Following the problems associated with dog and cat foods last year we have been hesitant in buying a lot of the treats we previously bought for our animals because we haven't been convinced they were altogether safe.  When this product says it's good enough for human consumption but made for our pet we gave it a try.  It's all that and more... our dog loves these treats.  Our dog is a well trained and wonderful pet, truly one of the family.  I actually placed one of these treats on the floor along with three other kinds of treats she really likes.  I told her she could have one.  She sniffed each of them and when I told her to "go ahead and take one.... just one", she returned her attention to the Bit-O-Luv Bistro Beef treat and took it over the others.  Just to ensure it wasn't an uneducated selection I repeated this "game" three more times over the next couple of days and the results were always the same.  I'm convinced... she really likes these treats.  Last night I opened her treat bin and selected another treat for her.  She nudged past the treat in my hand and went for the bag containing the Bit-O-Luv treats.  These are the perfect size for training or reward treats even thought they seem somewhat small for our 95 pound adopted German Shepard mix.  It seems size doesn't matter when they like them.... I'm thinking I will be able to get her to do some chores around the house if I promise her these treats as a reward.  I don't think anyone will be disappointed in this quality product.
My dogs (chihuahua mix and toy fox terrier) love them and they are the perfect size to be a good chew snack for them.I also love the fact that they are made in the US and that some of the profits go to animal charities.
My dogs really liked these soft meaty treats.  They are small (the treats-not the dogs!), which makes them great for snacking but they are also easily cut into tiny pieces suitable for training.  They come in a re-sealable pouch to help them stay soft and chewy.
We have two dogs, a younger black lab and a older chihuahua who has lost most of his teeth.  Both dogs love these treats.  They are soft enough for my old dog (the one who has very few teeth left).  And the younger lab?  She usually takes treats ever-so-gently from my fingers (no risk of bites with this gal).  However, she gets so excited about these Bit-O-Luv treats that she nearly takes my fingers off!  I'll definitely have to be more careful when giving these to her.  But, to see the look of appreciation on her face -- it's worth risking life and limb to give these to her.These cost a bit more than the other treats I've purchased.  However, because both my dogs love them so much, I'll definitely keep a supply on hand.An added benefit is that "they're made in the USA without any by-products, wheat gluten, artificial colors or flavors."  The package states that "we even have our beef and chicken inspected by the USDA."
I have 5 dogs in my house, between 10 and 25 pounds, ages four through nine years old, of four breeds:  Bichon Frise, dachshund, shih tzu,  and fox terrier.  I am very careful about the quality and digestibility of their regular food and treats.  These are top-notch moist chewy treats, and all comers loved them.  The pack is resealable, so the contents stay fresh.
I am a bit picky as what I give Kendrell and after reading the ingredients, I decided it was good. She LOVED it and followed me around waiting for more. I like to think she is pretty spoiled and it's not often she follows me around looking for another treat.Definitly will purchase this!
Bit o Luv is the new dog treat on the block, one that appears to be of high pedigree. With just a whiff from the newly opened bag, our three girls were definitely interested. And why not?  The maker tells us that these treats are made from human grade meats and USDA inspected. You'll find no artificial ingredients here, no wheat gluten, and no by-products. The fifth ingredient listed is corn syrup, so you don't want to overdo it with too many snacks.Each rectangular treat is an inch and a half of doggy heaven according to my taste testers, Evie, Piper, and Bella. The intense smoky aroma wafting from the package hooked them instantly. Each eagerly grabbed the new treat from my hand and gave it their seals of approval. They're actually a little too big for the shih tzu pair, so for them I tore the treats in half. Bit o Luvs seem to have the texture and consistency of dried jerky.I'm happy with the recipe of these new, high quality snacks. The girls love the flavor. It's a win-win situation.
I have a Rottweiler puppy and he really loves these. He loves to gnaw on them for a few minutes before actually eating them. The medium size is just about right for his since he just a puppy. They biscuits are mostly protein with a few percent of fat. I have purchased other biscuits and he just refuses to eat them. He will sniff them and just ignore them. He didn't even hesitate with these. I had these on the counter and his nose was right up there trying to figure out if that box was for him. These biscuits are loose in the box. They are not sealed in a bag and in the box. I threw these in a plastic container to seal the scent and to keep them fresh. Although, I don't think dogs really care about freshness. I will be purchasing these again.
I haven't used them long enough to see a visible difference but my 4 Chihuahuas seem to like them. This is the perfect size for a dog 5-10lbs.The mini bones are not too hard or too soft so it keeps them occupied for a while as they go to work. My dogs are spoiled and they eat these.
If your dogs are like mine, then they love pretty much any treat you give them, but I must say then when I pick up this box they do seem a little bit more excited then with other treats. Also, my dogs will not let me brush their teeth at all, so I always look for treats to help protect their teeth. After about a week, I have to say I notice a difference. They have no plaque build-up and their chompers are pretty white and clean looking. So I would have to say they product definitely works. And seeing as how I am always curious what my dogs are eating, I took a bite of the treat myself, and now I see why they get so excited, it's pretty tasty. Yeah, I'm weird like that. For almost two pounds of treats, the price is also very good. I have a Boston Terrier, a Pug, and a little Chihuahua / Beagle mutt thing and the medium is a good size for them, though you might be better off with the small size for those breeds. Great product all around.
The first time I gave my dog one of these he sniffed it intensely, as he does with anything new. When he was satisfied with it he gulped it down. I give him half of one first thing in the morning when he does his business and the other half when he comes back into the house. He loves them.
My dog loves these new Hartz dog biscuits with DentaShield.The front of the box really boasts all the dental advantages pretty obviously, so I will just speak for my dog in that he loves the taste and chews them up really fast and it's something he looks forward to.Since it has it's benefits and he likes them, I'll continue getting these as well as Greenies which are also good for teeth.
My dogs started eating these the minute I gave them to them, and they seemed to last a little longer than other biscuits I've bought for them.  I can't say if these biscuits really will cut down on the amount of tarter on their teeth just yet, but I'm sure time will tell.  For now I see no harm in giving them the 2 two biscuits each day that the box recommends, and hopefully it will help cut down on the tarter.  That they really liked them was an added bonus.
I got these for my black lab.  When I hold one of these, I can easily get her to follow any command:  Sit, Jump, Lay Down -- Whatever I ask of her, she'll do it to get one of these treats.  That these clean her teeth while she's enjoying a snack is an added bonus.  I know they won't take the place of brushing her teeth, but it will make it easier to make sure she has healthy teeth and gums.
I knew that my dogs would love this product and of course I guessed right.  Knowing that it was made by Pro Plan I knew that I couldn't go wrong.  I routinely buy this line of dog food, we just hadn't tried this flavor.  This flavor is now also a hit.  Five stars here.  Buy it for your dogs too.  You can't go wrong with this one.
My Basenji is not a seriously &#34;picky&#34; eater, but he does have his likes and dislikes.  Some foods are tried and bits are picked out and left on the floor surrounding his bowl to indicate his rejection of that component.Other foods are consumed but not with a great deal of apparently enjoyment or eagerness.With this food, when I open the container (I store all dry foods in moisture, insect and other pest-proof containers) he is right next to my knee waiting for me to measure it into his bowl.  He wastes no time in consuming it and appears to enjoy it and when his bowl is empty, looks for more.
I really do like to feed my dog food with the word real chicken as the first ingredient. This dog food is made to increase a dog's immune system and improve its coat and skin. My dog loves it and I highly recommend it.
My 2 dogs went nuts over this food. Their stools are much more regular and solid after eating this for just the first week. They overate at first but now have settled down getting used to having it daily and they love it. I notice they eat much less to be satisfied and hopefully that will make up for the very high price. That is the one thing i don't like about this food. Hope they find a way to make it for less without sacrificing quality or I won't be able to afford this food once this is gone.
We have four dogs of our own and we foster dogs for a local rescue.  One of the main issues we have to be careful about is that most of the time we do not have any information about the foster dog&#8217;s diet.  So first the dog must like the food and eat it and second it has to not cause any dietary problems.  Purina Shredded Chicken and Rice pass on both counts.  Dogs love and it does not cause problems.We compared the ingredients to Purina One which is what we used and honestly they are very similar with only minor differences.When we switched our dogs over to it, we found that our big Golden who was going 3-4 times a day now only goes 1-2 and the stool is much more firm.  All our dogs like it and it has caused no dietary problems.We also found that our Sheltie seems to have a healthier coat and is licking her hair less.Finally a personally bias, we steer clear certain product, e.g. dog treats/chews  made in China, Purina is well worth the extra money
This Pro Plan Savor was delivered yesterday so I decided to give my Dobie, Max, some of it for his breakfast this morning. Usually when I give him a new type of food I mix it up with his regular food. This morning I put one cup of his regular food into his bowl and next to it I placed one cup of Pro Plan. He gobbled up the Pro Plan with no hesitation and completely ignored his regular food.Chicken is his favorite food and the Pro Plan is right down his alley taste-wise. I have been very careful about the quality of all foods that I give Max. My previous Dobie died after eating poisoned food from China so I am especially careful about what I give to Max. He loves the taste of Pro Plan, it is healthy and it does not come from China. It's all good.
this dog food will last my dog a long time. part of it will go into the freezer into zip lock bags to keep it as fresh as possible. my rescue dog loves this dog food so much. she is wagging her tail and sitting by her dry food bowl waiting for me to load her up some purina dog food. real chicken is the number one ingredient in this formula. i am very happy with the quality of this dog food. thank you.
*****This exact dog food contains mostly chicken and rice, which are food products, which is worth adding one star right there.*****It does not contain any unnecessary ingredients such as amanita mushrooms or buteryl or isopropol acetane, which is worth another star.It comes in a bag with a cool-looking dog on the front, which is not worth any stars because any dog food manufacturer could do the same thing, but he's still cool-looking, all proud of himself for having brought in the morning newspaper without mangling it like he used to or remembering to jump up and hit the button to CLOSE the garage door like he used to forget to do before bringing me the paper.*****This exact dog food is somewhat expensive compared to many dog foods you can find at Walmart, but then it's quite cheap per unit of weight compared to all but the smallest paintings by Renoir or Rembrandt or Raphael, which is worth another star as far as I'm concerned.*****One of the many benefits of Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula; 18lb Bag is that it has never once become infested with columns of thousands of ants trailing into and out of it for weeks at a time as happened with another dog food brand that I may not -- because of certain judge's orders, name.  Also, in my experience it has never -- despite what some certain previous reviewers have suggested -- turned mystically into a ghost of a dog I used to love and hovered over the room for several seconds before resolving back into a bag of dog food.  Not once.  For all these these benefits I award yet another star for a total of five, but it is pricey.*****
I have 3 mixed breed dogs and they love this food.  Having said that, one is not picky and eats everything, the other two are a bit picky and very picky, respectively.  All three dogs eat this food, so there is something they like about it.  I guess it's the #1 ingredient: chicken.The pieces are fairly large, triangular shaped.  The smell is a protein/grain smell.  Not appetizing to humans, but it's not made for us.The price for an 18. lb. bag of dog food isn't too bad for a product of this quality, however, we have 3 dogs and they will go through this bag quickly.  If you are on a budget and/or have more than one dog, this food isn't very affordable.  We have to follow a budget for our pets, and feed them what we can afford, knowing that the cheapest grocery store brands of dog food are full of grains & meat by-products that cause allergy related skin & coat problems and can contribute to overall weak immune systems and poor health.  For us, finding a middle-of-the-road priced dog food that is somewhat affordable is a constant challenge.I recommend this product because our dogs like the taste of it and it's a high-quality item.  We just can't make our budget stretch that far.
We have a small dog and a large one and they both love this food, probably because of the high meat content. They happily eat everything in the bowl, including the non-meat parts.The meat and non-meat are easy to distinguish; the meat is shredded while the rest is hard little &#34;kibble&#34; chunks. But the dogs aren't fussy. To them it's all good.Nutritionally this looks fine. We haven't seen clear health benefits in the first couple of weeks (Vine reviews have to be done within 30 days) but we expect this to be at least as good and probably better than their regular non-premium food. But satisfy yourself; look over the list of ingredients. Chicken is the most prevalent ingredient and by eye seems to be about half the contents. This is not a &#34;cheap&#34; dog food; it seems like a premium food but without the premium price tag.Overall, a good food that the dogs like and providing value for the price.
I have three dogs that gave me feedback on this product.  A golden retriever, 12 years old, a pug that is 7 yrs old and a papillion that is 2 yrs old.  I placed the Beneful out on their feed dish this morning after removing the "other product" that they usually get in the morning.  The usual response is one of boredom.  "We'll get to it when we get around to it."  This morning there was a rush to the bowl to get their equal share of this new dog food.The appearance of the product is good and one I felt good about giving to me dogs.  Vibrant, healthy looking colors made me feel like they were getting some healthy vegetables in the mix too.This definitely warrants a suggestion from me to consider buying this product for your dogs.  In addition the name Purina makes me feel like I am giving my loved pets something that will be good for them.
We have 2 dogs, a Weim & an English Pointer they both love this food!! I love the zip lock top so no spills!
I first started using Purina Beneful for my dog about 3 years ago when she put on extra weight and the vet recommended it to us. They actually recommendedPURINA Beneful Healthy Weight Dog Food, 15.5-Pound, but now that she is doing better I thought I'd give this one a try. I found that over the last couple weeks she enjoyed her meals just the same and we haven't noticed any weight gain (she is a small dog and it's easy to see when her weight fluctuates.)Overall, I'm very satisfied with this purchase and feel comfident that I can swap this one out when it's cheaper - I've seen this one go on sale more frequently than the Healthy Weight - with no negative response from my dog (or complaints from my vet.) Beneful has been my family's dog food of choice for years and I highly recommend it.
My dog loved this food and it passed the taste test with flying colors.  My neighbor's basenjis love it and so does the French bulldog down the street. When I had a chance to get this for my dog, I literally jumped at the chance!My dog gave this rave reviews and wolfed it down quickly.  Luckily, there will be more on hand to keep a dog happy.
My 9 year old rescue dog can eat very few types of dog food.  And then of the types she can eat that don't cause a case of colon-blow, she only likes a few..even the crazy expensive, vet-recommended brands and organic brands, etc.  Beneful is the one food that seems to be perfect, her sweet spot for no digestive issues.  She doesn't stink me out of the house.  She is regular and not that poo is ever not gross, but at least I an pick it up at the park without an issue.She likes every flavor and the pieces are small enough that my smaller dog (1.5 lbs) has no problem with them.LOVE BENEFUL...every flavor.This Amazon price is currently about $4 cheaper than my local grocery store which is more expensive per pound but smaller bags than Costco.  I like the smaller bags.
I dont know, I really tried to like it but just couldnt get over the taste.  I think my review might have been biased so I went to the dogs.  I have three and they all liked it.  They ate it and wanted more.  To bad I didnt give them any.  The biggest, Chief, gave it 2 paws up and well, tipped over sideways.  He was very happy with it though.  My smallest, Coco, decided to hide hers for later.  All in all it really is a good priced item and even though my dogs will eat anything they liked this stuff.  Nothing bad to say about it.  I tried it on one more dog, my parents, and she doesnt eat anything.  Well, she ate this stuff.
This food is not bad compared to other ones. I usually purchase taste of the wild but sometimes I am not able to purchase that brand of food due to availability. So we tried the beneful food and our dog doesn't seem to mind it. I am sure he will eat any food but this food is better than the average. His stool is still solid and doesn't get gassy compared to other food.
I was very pleased when this arrived at the door - opened it immediately & dug in - wasn't till later when my wife got home & told me it was for the dog, not me.Just kidding - our dog does like this Beneful, we get many compliments on her smooth coat, she's fit, full of fun & energy & very healthy. Dry dog food has added advantage if you have to curb your pet. Dogs do like variety too, Beneful has several different flavors, you may want to change it up every other bag or so. This 15.5 lb bag lasts about a month for our 50 lb Lab.Sounds funny for a dog to be eating corn, tomatoes & other veggies, the reality is these ingredients are fillers to keep the cost down. Other brands may be 'healthier' but are going to be more expensive. We selected this brand because that is what the rescue center fed her and our vet said this was fine.
This has great health benefits for your dog and the flavors must be great because I gave her some after she just got done eating her regular Purina dog chow and she still ate 2 handfulls of this. I'm going to give her a handful a day because it just cost too much for me to give her just this. She's an outside dog on the farm and gets lot of exercise and she would go through this 15.5 lb. bag in 5 days if I let her. I think the benefits will be especially good for her as she is 15 years old.
We have used Purina Beneful products in the past and were always satisfied with their quality.  This was the case with this Beneful Dog Food product as well.  Both our dogs (a German Shepard and an English Setter) love it right out of the bag.  They are very picky in what they eat.  With some of the other dry dog foods we have to add something to entice them to eat.  They enjoy every bite with no additives and are very satisfied.  This dog food is a little more costly, but if you check the contents you will see what a healthy choice this is for your pet. We consider our pets to be a part of our family.  As such we want them to be with us as long as possible.  We find the Purina Beneful Original Dog Food to be both healthy and good tasting for our dogs.  I recommend this product.
The box arrived and my dogs (I have 4) started dancing around the box like a kid infront of a christmas present-quite funny...when I took it out of the box they acted like I had a big bag of treats...they are really enjoying the food and their coats seem to shine more
This is what I can tell you - my dog loves almost all of the food she eats, sneaks or straight out steals (she is a rescue dog with food issues). I cannot honestly tell you anything about this food (not having tried it myself) except that my dog loves it and snarfs it down.
She can gobble it down in a couple of minutes, she likes it so much.  She loves this dog food because it has real beef, and veggies that are good for dogs, and it tastes really good. She gets so excited about eating this, she will knock you over when you bring it, if you are not careful.Beneful Original Dog Food is MJ approved.
My dogs love Purina Beneful original dogfood. Normally I feed them Imes but when I gave them a bowl of Beneful they jumped on it. They are small (shitzus) but they had no problems scarrfing this down.It looks pretty good as dogfood goes. It is different shapes and colors and contains chicken by products and beef.All in all it looks fine to me. My dogs eat a mix of canned ,dry, fresh vegetables and real meat.I 'm not too worried about their nutrition.I'd say  give it a try.
i have 2 big labs.  they play hard, work even harder and are fed a high protein diet.  just wanted to suppliment there regular dry food with this stuff.  I DON'T LIKE TO WASTE MONEY ON DOG FOOD THAT THEY WILL NOT EAT.  so since this was free, why not try it  my dogs are also picky in what they choose to eat.  they themself's have elected NOT to eat sweets, even though i have offered it to them.  they don't eat crap like chips and popcorn.  so when i offered beneful to them they sniffed it, then took only "1" kibble.  they rolled it around in their mouth and then finally chewed it.  yes my dogs do this with new food introduced to them.  they then preceeded to SCARF this dog food up and even wanted more.  even though my dogs eat their vegetables,( they prefer baked califlower) i will now on add a cup of beneful to their dry food.  reading the label, this food is a good additive to a high protein diet for your dog.  hey 2 champion hunter/tracker/service dogs can't be wrong---WOOF
This is my Bichon's favorite food that we have tried.  It does have soy in it.  Usually soy gives him very smelly gas.  I don't know if there is less in Beneful or if it is just processed differently but he doesn't have a problem with this food.  With Beneful, his stools have been small solid and uniform.  His digestive tract is pretty finicky so several foods we have tried have given him loose stools.This is also the only dog food he doesn't root through to pick out all his favorite pieces first.  He eats it all with enthusiasm.  My cat also likes it and will happily steal it if we don't watch her.Overall, I think this is a fair price for a product that my dog really likes.
I always buy Purina, and decided to try this brand for Dobey since it was available in vine for us to review.  He was pretty bored of his other food, the only dog I know to leave the bowl half full after feedings and walk away.  But this stuff, he just gobbles it up!  I know some of the other reviews bash it for not being all meat and a lot of corn meal products, but I don't have the budget to spend money on expensive dog food and buy him all meat or organic dog foods or feed him better than I eat myself.  I also trust the Purina brand as through the years it has never been one of the dog foods to ever be recalled.  I am not saying this because I got free dogfood to sample, Amazon sent this to me not Purina, but as a loyal Purina customer.  When I had my siamese cat before my dog (who is now five), that's all I ever bought him was Purina, too.  Anyways, my doxie loves this Beneful better than his old Purina mix so we will definitly be sticking to it for now!  I also love the bag itself which is resealable.  I personally have a tote that we store our food in since they didn't used to have sealable bags, so we just dumped it in there and mixed his old food in there so his tummy could adjust anyways, but I thought it was worth mentioning as I thought that was a cool plus!  Highly recommended.  Sure, there is better food out there, healthier, meatier, more organic.  And sure, your dog deserves better if you can afford it.  I can't.  I give my dog my steak scraps sometimes and he's not complaining, he's happy with this mix and chasing squirrels and rabbits, and my wallet will be happy too.  :)
My girls are very picky eaters so I figured this would be another bag we would be giving away. We have them on science diet at the moment (naturally the little devils would pick the most expensive kind to not snub). I'm relieved they like this since I feel like they need a little variety in their diet. This stuff sure looks more appetizing then most of the dog foods and my 4 girls all seem to enjoy it tremendously.
I honestly am not one who gives our dogs only gourmet/health food products and have always purchased grocery store brands. We feed our dogs several different kinds of food and treats (including some human food) and they've always been very healthy.  So, I guess what I'm saying is that I can't make any claims as far as how healthy this food is for your dogs, but I know our dogs are in great shape. We've used several Beneful products and our pets have always liked them. I've always found them to be very fresh and looking exactly like what is on the packaging.The Original Beneful looks exactly like it does on the outside of the bag.  The size of the pieces vary from approx. 1/2" to 3/4" and are in different shapes and colors.  The smell when you open the bag is a very strong dog food smell, so I would imagine it's very flavorful.  The zip top is very convenient to have on a bag this size.  You just press on the bag to get the air out and zip it shut.This bag is very large, so if you aren't sure if your dogs will like it you might want to try a smaller size at the grocery store first, but if you know your dogs like this, I don't think you can go wrong with it.
We used to use Pedigree, but then we switched to Purina Dog Chow.  This Beneful must taste just like the Purina Dog chow food, because my beagle ate every bit of it.  He's a finicky dog.  I love the bag, it has a zip top, so there's no cutting and pouring into a nother container. It stays fresh in this bag. My two dogs had no bad stomach reaction to it like they had when we tried other dry foods.  I would recommend it!
I have 3 dogs - a Greyhound, a Boston Terrier, and a Rat Terrier mix.  They all love the Purina Beneful Original Dog Food and anxiously will sit and wait for me to serve it to them.  They all have received healthy vet reports, so I know it's good for them.  Of course, I do not overfeed them and exercise them as regularly as possible.  I highly recommend this product.
Fed this to my three babies (lab and lab mix).  I wasn't sure since it wasn't as crunch as what they're used to, but the seemed to love it.Apparently it smells good because they didn't stand there and smell it before digging in.Smallish kibble, which is what my big dogs prefer.Reasonably priced.I will continue to purchase this dogfood.Thank you!MEF
I have a larger pack of dogs due to the fact that we foster for local animal rescues. I have been looking for months for just one dog food all the dogs will love. I finally found it in Beneful! I could not believe my eyes when each and every dog ate their bowl without any issues. I will be buying Beneful from now on!
Wow! I was surprised how much she liked it. Button has always been a picky eater when it comes to dry dog food. More often or not, she would stick her nose up and go eat the cat's food. But she really likes this Beneful Dog Food. It has all the vitamins and nutrition that a dog needs.I also love the bag, it has a zip lock seal on top! Why don't other product do this? It is great at keeping the food fresh and this is especially important when you buy a big bag. It still feels and smells fresh at the bottom of the bag as it did when I first opened it. I'll take Button's word that it still tastes fresh ;)
To sum it all up, the dog loves this food vs. the normal dog food we give him.  When I mixed this 30% to 70% of his regular dog food, he made a mess getting at the new stuff vs. the old.  I have a small dog (12 pounds) and these are just the right size for him to chew.I also did a "taste test" for him by putting some of this in a bowl right next to his regular dog food - he went straight to the Purina after giving each a sniff.What else can I say?  I can't comment on the flavor, texture, and other qualities of the food as I certainly didn't taste it!  However, based upon the dog's reaction I would say it's a winner.
Haven't tasted this one personally, but I admire the zeal with which my dog plows through this one!The family dog finishes this dogfood in the bowl in no time flat.Visual inspection of this dry dog food tells me it looks appetizing and I am sure it must smell good to our little doggie!  God job Purina!
We adopted a German Shepherd mix puppy from the Humane Society last summer, and started him on Blue Buffalo dog food because he was immediately in poor health and ran up hundreds of dollars in vet bills due to parasites and dehydration.  We thought he would love that dog food, but he didn't.  He begrudgingly ate that brand of food for the first 6 months of his life with us.But one Sunday we realized we were low on dog food and since we live in the country, only the big box store was within a few miles drive from us, and we had few choices of dog food to choose from.  Nothing was "high-end."  We bought the best we could find - which was Purina Beneful dog food.  Our dog actually ate it!  And he has been eating Purina Beneful ever since last fall.  Sure, he would rather have table scraps or cat food, but he will eat this dog food when his other favorites aren't available.As far as nutrition goes, most dog foods are pretty much the same.  Compare the most expensive brands ingredients, and just like Beneful from Purina, the first ingredient is corn.  Dogs are carnivores with omnivore tendencies, meaning they will eat a varied diet.  They need a well-balanced diet that includes proteins, whole grains, fruits and vegetables.I highly recommend this dog food, and can honestly say it's the only kind of dog food our dog will eat when it's in his bowl.
I usually feed my dog kibbles and bits but I decided to give Purina a try and it went over very well with my dog. Normally she will only eat a little and then come back and do that on and off till the bowl is gone, with this dog food she stayed there and ate until the whole bowl was gone. It is an obvious favorite for her and we will be changing what food we purchase for her from here on out!
I just recently moved back in with my parents, and since my little one is still a puppy, I tried this with my parents dogs. Over the years we have tried many different products, and we continue to come back to this since the dogs seem to find it to be their favorite. A 15.5 lb bag last two chihuahuas a while. So over all I would recommend this product to anyone with dogs.
This is the dogfood for picky K-9s.I had been feeding my two dogs food which we acquire from the Veterinary clinic (expensive!) and we use Beneful about twice a week to occassionally supplement their diet with something that they love. My brother feeds his dog this product full-time as well and he clearly loves it.As far as being good for the dogs, Beneful includes all the nutritional supplements that the average dog needs and I've never encountered a dog that wouldn't eat it. I babysit my daughter's cocker spaniels sometimes, (they are very picky about food), and they readily and eagerly eat Beneful, no problem.The zip-lock top on the bag is very handy and keeps the food quite fresh.Highly recommended.
Our dog is a large Great Dane and Sharpei breed, about 80 pounds or so. We usually feed him inexpensive generic dry dog food, and he does quite well with it, although he sometimes shows something akin to boredom if he thinks there might be something better available.Purina Beneful represents a step up from his usual fare. We first tried giving him a handful of Beneful as a treat, which he eagerly consumed. After this pattern was established, we started mixing Beneful in with his regular dog food. We ended up with a half and half mix that he never disdains. We haven't tried feeding him a full diet of just Beneful, although we have given him a few meals of pure Beneful.We can't yet speak to the long-term effects of Beneful on his nutrition, but we certainly don't foresee any problems. Beneful isn't really that much more expensive than his regular dog food, it seems to have a good nutrient mix, it has some moist pieces mixed in with the dry, and the dog loves it, probably because it contains beef. The package opens and reseals easily with a plastic slider.This is obviously a good "step-up" product that comes at a reasonable price. You might want to give it a try; I don't hesitate to recommend it.
My pit bull has an easily upset stomach, and it took a lot of trial and error to find dry foods he could eat without vomiting them back up. What I settled on was Purina Beneful dry dog food. He can eat it without any stomach upset, and seems to like the flavor. With Purina Beneful dog food, he has been able to maintain what the vetrenarian calls a perfect weight, while having plenty of energy for his daily activities. So with the veteranarian giving my dog excellent marks for overall health and weight, I feel Purina Beneful seems to be just the right thing for him, without the need to turn to those overpriced boutique dog foods.
I have 4 dogs and 3 of them are very picky eaters when it comes to dry dog food. Rocky our 75lb black and tan coonhound, Buddy our 70lb blue heeler, Nellie our 50 lb treeing walker and Pooper our new mixed breed puppy they all loved this dog food.I love the resealable bag, it keeps the dog food from drying out and going stale.I'd highly recommend this dog food even for picky eaters.
I obtained a shipment of this product though Amazon's promotional Vine program, but it's very easy for me to write a review based on much experience with Purina Beneful . . . we have used it for years!  We have a few favorite brands that we rotate through, including Iams and Science Diet, and this is one of them (and is the most economically priced)In short:  Our two small dogs love this brand.  It is reasonably priced.  And we are inclined to trust the Purina name regarding quality control and nutrition content.A great new improvement, which I did not see touted in the Amazon product listing, is the new bag. It's made from a fabric reinforced plasticized material (like tarp material) and has a zip-lock closure at the top. No more fighting with sewn seams and busted open paper dog food bags.  A great, great feature.  Whoever did this obviously has experience feeding dogs at home.The only negative (and is not really a problem), is that the dogs tend to "pick and choose" among the Beneful morsels and end up depositing the least desired ones on the floor outside of the dish.  (The obvious solution is to suspend feeding until they've cleaned ALL of it up, which they eventually do).This is NOT a boutique dog food touting organics, choice cuts of meat, or a pedigree of natural ingredients, but it is a proven product from a trusted name that my dogs have consistently liked as we've rotated it into their food mix over the years.
I've tried a wide variety of dog food brands including some of the more pricier popular picks such as Nutro and Taste of the Wild as well as several of the Purina-made foods - Dog Chow, Chef Michael. All this to find what my picky pooch will eat. Beneful is the ONLY dry food he doesn't look like he's being tortured with by being made to eat it. Everything else I have to bribe him to take bites of with gravy poured on top or spike it with a piece of bacon, etc. He actually will eat the Beneful by itself without any coaxing.. and he knows the difference between Beneful and anything else. When I try to introduce "healthier/gourmet" food by mixing in other kibble, he takes a bite of the mix, spits it all back out on the floor so he can see the individual pieces, and picks out only the Beneful pieces to eat (leaving the rest for me to clean up later). I've noticed Beneful seems to be moister than other dry foods, so that may have something to do with why my dog likes it more. The kibble stays relatively moist, but it doesn't get moldy or anything in its bag before I use it. I guess I'm lucky my dog doesn't care for the more expensive stuff and only wants this which is a great price compared to all that's available. Oh, and there is a taste difference between the Healthy Weight variety of Beneful vs Original according to my dog as well. He prefers Original, but Healthy Weight will do if he's determined to lose a few pounds.
My dog is spoiled and often gets table scraps, but he really enjoyed this Chicken & Rice meal too. He was just as excited to eat it as he is when we give him things like real chicken scraps from our own meals. He is a small dog so this can lasted two days for him since I gave him some dry food in the morning, then half a can of this for his dinner. I am sure he is hoping we get some more of this for him.
We have four dogs of our own and foster dogs for a local rescue.  We try to be as careful as possible about what food we feed our "kids". There have been so many recalls for food made in China, Asia, etc.  Pedigree's website states that all food is made in the USA and, equally important, comes from sources in the USA, both important points.While expensive if you have to feed two big Goldens and currently three shelties if using this food alone we use it mixed with dry food.  It helps keep their coat less dry, particularly in the winter, so we always keep it on hand.  The dogs of course love it, never had a dog refuse to eat it.  They actually eat around the dry food to get to this.Pedigree (and Mars Petcare, the owner of Pedigree) contribute a portion of all sales to their Pedigree Feeding Project and Pedigree Adoption Drive (I admit to searching the Pedigree site and not being able to find out what percentage only that over $1,000,000 has been donated).
I've got 3 big dogs and we mix wet in with the dry.  This food is a nice texture so it mixes nicely.  No gelatin that I can see.  Actually with the rice it looks pretty good.The dogs seem to love it as there's no left overs.I will continue to buy this food for my babies.Thank you.MEF
Pedigree chicken and rice canned food for dogs has no over-powering doggy-food odor, which is nice for the rest of the family. Even better than that, from the dogs' point of view, they never seem to tire of eating it, day after day.  It digs cleanly from the can, so there is no waste, and the can has a pull-top, making it easy to open.
I'm trying to train my dog not to chase my cat.  One of the suggestions I've read about was to feed the dog and cat on each side of a door.  That way, they can smell each other and associate that with something good.We tried that with the cat's favorite canned food and Pedigree canned food for the dog.  They ate on either side of a baby gate.  I was hoping the dog would love the food so much she'd ignore the cat.  It worked!  It was chow down time and she was focused.  I could tell she thought it was GOOD, better than eating a cat.  That's for sure.The training went better than expected.  Today, I was able to get the cat on the other side of the baby gate with the dog just sitting there with me petting her.  Pretty soon, I hope to remove the baby gate and have her roam the house with the cat.Thank you, Pedigree, for kick starting this training.  She loves your canned food.  I'll have to go out and buy more.
I need to start by saying I have three dogs, a senior citizen golden retriever who will eat anything, a 7-year old pug who is somewhat of a picky eater and really likes moist food the most and last of all a 2 year old papillion that is a little princess who is quite the picky eater.I just received this dog food today and put it out for their dinner tonight.  I always feed the youngest dog off by herself so that the big dogs don't disturb her.  She loves this food and ate every bit of it!The two other dogs never looked up from their bowl until all the food was gone.I'm telling you this stuff looks good enough to eat myself.We as a family have discussed that this brand and flavor is now our "go to" food for our dogs at this house.This is well worth your consideration....gave it a 5 star rating.
How do you review a dog food that you aren't even going to taste yourself?  Being scientifically accurate, I brought four dogs to the (figurative) table:  two Rat Terriers (Riley and Hawk), a Doberman (Halle), and a Brown Lab (Polo).For testing purposes, I (really, I did!) set out four bowls.  My idea was to let each of them take a choice of the four:  Beneful by Purina, Chef Michael's (this product), Kirkland Lamb & Rice (their regular food), and strangely enough, dry cat food which seems to be a hit with all of them (they obsess over it).Each dog had a turn.  I'm not sure if it was the look of it, because it looks like a real pot roast dinner, but this product got woofed down the fastest.  They didn't even look at the others.  I don't think dogs see in color, so am convinced it wasn't the colorful kibbles.  My testing problem was that trying to take each dog away and put them aside to let the other dogs have a turn at the taste test was fraught with danger. They did NOT want to give it up.  The Kirkland and the Beneful didn't warrant any interest, even when Chef Michael's was gone and those were the only options.  Even the cat food that they usually go for (probably just to get on the cat's nerves) sat unnibbled.So, easy to say, this was a hit.  Small dog and big, none had trouble with the size of the food.  It sort of looks like Chunky Stew without the liquid.  Also, a side bonus was that the gassy little rat terriers didn't seem so gassy after....although, this bag only allowed them four dinners between the four dogs.  Now that it's gone, they are sad.If I could afford this regularly, I would purchase it.  There was no waste, nothing for the blue jays to hit on the next day.  And an unexpected treat is that when you order dog food online, if it's Prime shipping it shows up quick and shipped free...so no lugging it from the store.  I like that convenience of that, and plan on putting dog food on a subscription plan on Amazon so that I don't have to run out when when we frequently run out.  Plus, I get tired of running to Costco for what I'm told is quality food.
My Basenji is very picky about dry dog foods and turns his nose up at even the most expensive brands.He really liked this one immediately.  I just put a small amount down at first and he finished that quickly and looked for more.He has continued to be enthusiastic about this food and even hides some in his bed for later snacking...His stools have been smaller than usual so apparently he is absorbing more of the nutrients.
My three large dogs have always enjoyed Beneful dog food by Purina, so I had high hopes that they would also like Chef Michael's dry dog food, also produced by Purina. They LOVE it. They actually like it so much, I have to mix it in with their old Beneful food, or else they just never stop eating it.The bits of Chef Michael's food are softer than Beneful, with a more treat-like texture to them that the dogs enjoy. There no loud crunching sound when my dogs eat this. It's designed to look like pieces of chicken, sprinkled with some green peas. Every time I go to fill their bowl with this, they all jump up wanting to be the first in line, which is why I have to mix it with their old food. They love it so much, they will eat it all no matter how full they are. Chef Michael's must be some super tasty dog food!
The dog enjoyed this just as much as the Chef Michael steak/beef variety.  I did not think this one would be as big a hit as the beef but he just loves this one too.  Once again, I actually have to keep the cat out of the dog's food!  This only happens with the Chef Michael products as the cat typically disdains anything the dog would eat.  I am not so sure one can judge a dog food by the cat's reaction but the dog is not the fussy one but it's the cat who is much more particular about what she eats.
My dog just loves Chef Michael's!  I have never seen that dog do the happy dance for food until I got Chef Michael's!  For years I've bought the large sale bags at Costco's and the local grocery store and my dog was perfectly content with that.  Once I was able to get Chef Michael's, the world changed.  This was a MAJOR hit with my dog and my neighbor's two adorable basenjis love it too!  According to my neighbor, they "sing" for their supper, that is they both yodel for it.  Add to it, my dog is getting nutrients and proteins.  Kudos to Chef Michael!
I was hoping my dog wouldn't like this dog food. I already have a nice, boring brand that I buy for him. It's healthy and although he doesn't jump up and down for it, he eats it. He reacts a bit differently with this one. He goes nuts for it!  It is dry and at times he has coughed a little after eating it too fast, but he has learned not to do that. I'll be buying it. I'm not sure yet if it will be a new staple in his diet or for special occasions.
***UPDATE***Didn't realize it at the time I originally posted this, but there's a larger version of this,Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food 11.5 Pound Bag, which is cheaper per pound. Just FYI.************I have a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel... about 5.5 years old and about 13-14 pounds.He's got bad teeth (a few have actually fallen out) and even in his younger years he didn't like eating normal-sized dog food, preferring the smaller stuff for puppies.I got this from the Amazon Vine program, and when I saw how big the pieces were, I figured he wouldn't like eating it (pieces too big). However -- to my surprise -- he loves this food. He scarfs it down immediately as though it were a treat instead of his regular food.This stuff smells a little more meaty and more 'appetizing' than the Science Diet I was feeding him before. You can tell this is high quality as far as dry dog food goes. The proportion of chewy pieces to dry pieces is also high... at least half of the food is composed of the chewy pieces, which my dog loves.I can't speak for other people's pets, but mine loves this stuff. I've never seen him enjoy a dry food this much, and will probably be switching to this from now on. 5 Stars.
My little 1.5 lbs yorkie mix loves these tiny bites.  I will sit down with her and pull the little steak bits out and throw them to her.  She loves to jump and chase them.  She also seems to be pretty happy with the harder kibble bits, although she doesn't chase those, so they must be less appealing.  Normally she is a very finicky eater, but really likes this food.  She also has had no digestive issues with it at all.My 20lbs mongrel sweetheart dog loves this too.  She isn't a picky eater, but the wrong food makes picking up after her in the park a nightmare.  I allowed her to try this anyway and have had no digestive issues at all.  She also seems to think the chewy steak bits are super treats.I will definitely repurchase this food.  The price on Amazon at this point is about $2 cheaper than my local grocery store.
I have two small dogs who are very picky eaters and they like this dry dog food. They don't like many dry dog foods, but they will eat this one, especially when it's mixed with some canned dog food. They like the beef flavors of the Chef Michael's canned food, so I'm assuming this dry food must have some of the same flavors. I noticed the larger pieces of food, which appear to be those that are the beef-flavored bites, get eaten first. They do eventually finish all of the food, which with my picky eaters is something to celebrate.
I have rottweiler and he used eat just about anything. Now that he is older he seems to be a bit picky. I placed this food next to his regular food that I feed him and he chose this Chef Michael's food. This bag is not the cheapest but I get every once in a while to cycle their food. Great ingredients and I am sure the dog liked the taste of the food.
We normally feed our dog beneful, it's what she was fed in the rescue center, she does like it & always looks for more. When I saw Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin, I thought, yeah right, no way there's meat in there.It is more expensive than beneful, but my dog really, really likes this brand. I'm sure there are a gizzilion bad things in this, but if you add a bit of water, the meat pieces do get soft & has the consistency of wet dog food. It's not all meat, the filler pieces of green & yellow kibble are the same as beneful (vegatables & soy & fillers, etc - green beans - really???).This is a nice treat for our dog, she likes it almost as much as canned food, but this has the convenience of dry dog food.
Not only did the monsters LOVE this food, but I also found it appealing, even as a vegetable-tarian. It looked and smelled good. Unfortunately I have some with sensitive stomachs who had a hard time with the change, but this is pretty typical. The rest say it's MOST highly recommended!!
We have Chihuahua's and they absolutely LOVE this food so much that it's like a snack to them. In fact the first couple times I filled up their food bowl they looked at me like wow you are giving me a whole bowl of snacks. Between the two of my dogs they will easily devour a medium size bowl in 20 minutes. Otherwise they may take all day to eat a bowl.I can't say I blame them because it looks and feels just like pieces of freeze dried steak with veggies included. Not that I would ever want to try but if I had to eat dog food this is what I would choose. I can honestly say that I think this is the most interesting dog food that I have ever seen.I will be giving them this food mixed with their regular food for now otherwise they will eat way too much.
I gave this to my friends 2 little chihuahuas (sp) and they loved it. They didn't eat as much at one time as they do cheaper brands of food which leads me to believe it is more filling and more satisfying. That also means less poo to get rid of later off the yard when I am taking care of them. The sirloin bits that are soft tend to stick together so if your giving it to a tiny dog then I suggest you pull those chunks apart a bit so they don't get them caught in their throat if they eat too fast. I noticed they sniffed it out and ate all the sirloin chunks first, then ate the rest. They definitely enjoy it and when they see this bag they come running. I do wish the bag ahd been resealable for freshness though. I dumped it all in a huge tupperware so it would stay fresh.
Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Steak Flavored dog food has been my choice of dog food for quite some time, but the Over Roasted Chicken Flavor is also a hit. I used to feed both of my dogs the same food, but when my smaller one developed seizure activity I decided to change. One of the things I liked about this particular brand is that it doesn't have any "suspect" ingredients such as rosemary extract which have been rumored to exacerbate such activity in small dogs. No, he has not been cured, but with anti-seizure medication and a food sans "natural" ingredients I feel more comfortable with his diet. My vet does like the better-known names such as Purina because they put a lot of research into their products.When I went to the store to select his new food I stood in the dog food aisle for a long time and read every single dry dog food label in the store. Chef Michael's was the one of choice. One other thing I liked that the FIRST ingredient was beef and this ones is chicken. Dogs are carnivores and need the protein. I could do without the added color, but that obviously makes people feel better. The food is loaded with tender pieces of chicken and my dog loves the taste.My dog is small and this food lasts for quite a while. If you want to keep it fresh, you might also want to add a Gamma Vittles Vault Plus to your list. I do have to cut up some of the "tender pieces" as they are large. These pieces also make great treats for my larger dog, who can often be found begging for one when I'm preparing their meals. All in all my satisfaction factor is very high ... and Liam loves it too!INGREDIENTS:Chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, ground wheat, poultry by-product meal, animal digest, oat meal, calcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, salt, natural oven roasted chicken flavor, potassium chloride, dried peas, dried carrots, sulfur, Vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, niacin, L-Lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, added color (Yellow 5, Blue 2, Yellow 6, Red 40), calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, Vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, biotin, sodium selenite. C-5901NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION (from Purnina):Crude Protein (Min) 28%Crude Fat (Min) 16%Crude Fiber (Max) 3.0%Moisture (Max) 12%"Animal feeding tests using Association of American Feed Control Officials (AAFCO) procedures substantiate that Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Flavor and pea & carrot garnishes provides complete and balanced nutrition for maintenance of adult dogs."RECOMMENDED DAILY FEEDING:* One cup for each 10 pounds of body weight* "If you wish to mix with Chef Michael's canned dog food, you may substitute one can (3 oz.) for each 1/2 cup of dry product."
I so wanted to post a video of our dog eating Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food, but my camera software would not cooperate.  I will therefore provide you a written testimony.  Shep, our rescued English Setter, has always been very finicky about his food.  Many times he walks away rather than eat something he does not care for.  Upon seeing Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food in his bowl he took the time to fully investigate by sniffing and lightly tasting with his tongue and then drooling (Shep has a tendency to do that when he really likes something).  Then, he started eating and he ate and he ate, until it was all gone.  Then, like one of the three bears he examed his empty bowl numerous times in the hopes that more would appear.  He repeated this ritual with every meal until the bag was gone.  We're on our way to the store now to refill his pleasure palate.  I can highly recommend this dog food.
The dogs loved it...they ate it like I was giving them treats...all 4 had a shiny coat...if I can find it on sale, I will be sure to buy it
The doggies (Nena, Samantha and Spike) love this dog food - and that's saying something.  Chef Michael's come up with a great product here.  The only problem:  The bag is too small (but, perhaps that's the point?).  Purchase a bag in your local grocery and try it out.  I think you'll be pleased.At my local Ralph's grocery, the bag retails for $11.99 (relatively expensive, but it is a great dog food - the dogs actually eat their bowls clean!)I rate "Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food (4.5 Pound Bag)"...Five stars!Recommended!
This is what I can tell you - my dog loves almost all of the food she eats, sneaks or straight out steals (she is a rescue dog with food issues). I cannot honestly tell you anything about this food (not having tried it myself) except that my dog loves it and snarfs it down.After looking at it on the package and than in the bowl my wife did make the comment that this dog food looks better than a lot of the stews and casseroles we have eaten.
*Testimonial: When the bag of Chef Michael's dry dog food arrived at our house today, we opened it and set it down on the kitchen floor, hoping to get our two mini-Schnauzer dog's unbiased reaction to this new treat. Our female Katrina dove right in, relishing it with gusto.  Kaiser her brother, took a more subtle approach and hung back, waiting for an opening.  When she slowed down, he moved in and enjoyed his time munching on the new delight.  Needless to say, Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food was an absolute hit!The dog food itself is dry, with a mixture of hard crunch of peas and carrots, and chicken pieces that are softer, like freeze-dried.  The first ingredient is chicken, which is good.  After that, there is a mixture of soy's, corns, and lots of other stuff, which is normal for animal food.  The price is higher than the Beneful that they are currently eating(first ingredient corn), but sometimes it is nice to throw in a special treat to keep the "kids" interested.  Beneful and Chef Michael's are both products of Purina.
I love that the first ingredient is chicken meat, but do not like that this has poultry by-product meal, animal digest, and dye. My white english bull dog, MJ, normally would pick out the chewy bits first, but this is so good she gobbles it down. MJ prefers Chef Michaels Chicken over her regular purina or her kibbles and bits. RENITA
Chef Micheals Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food Rocks !! It s catnip for dogs . I have two shitzus they won't stop eating it. I usually feed them Imes but they seem to like this much better.It does'nt seem like the pieces are too large because they are chowin' down.It must be the sirloin flavor .Anyway if you have finicky dogs they will probably like it. I would give it a try.
gave this to the dogs for a little fat in their diet.  they really like it except for the peas.  they spit them out.  something about the pea flavor they do not like.  these dogs love fresh peas.  so i poped a pea in my mouth.  it tasted bland and kinda fakey.  the rest of the dog food they ate.  this would be a good snack to give the dogs every s often or to tided them over if you run out until you get more of your regular brand.
We feed our black lab in the IQ treat ball (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ARUKTG/). There are always a few final bits he would leave in it, but when we tried this Grilled Sirloin dry food, he would bring the ball to me to try and get even the final bits out! So it must taste pretty good. The beef pieces are a bit -odd shaped and might get stuck in those treat ball holes, but otherwise, it's fine.The daily feeding recommendations are 1 cup per 10lb body weight which seems a bit high for beef-containing dog food. For a 50 lb dog, the 4.5 lb bag might last for ~ a week (One cup of this food is ~70-75g).
I have two dogs, both Pomeranians. One is 16 and has no teeth, and the other is eight and an extremely picky eater. My older dog will eat just about anything, so it was no surprise to me that the minute I poured this into a bowl he beelined straight for it and tried to chow down. Only -- poor dog -- these pieces were too hard and too large for him.The picky eater, on the other hand, gave these a whiff and timidly tried a few bites. In my household, this is a success! It's a rare story for him to even try anything new we buy for him. We leave these out all day for the dogs to eat whenever they get hungry and I will spy the picky dog going for a nibble throughout the day.
The first time our smaller-than-normal-size Miniature Schnauzer saw this in his bowl, he took the first few pieces to his dog bed--like it was a special treat. Then he realized that the cats were getting a little too close to his bowl out in the kitchen and he raced back to protect the rest of his meal--complete with growls and snaps. The cats soon got the message: Leave my food alone; it's mine, all mine!It was a side of dog we had never seen before. He really wanted to eat this stuff! Here's a little history: Back when our dog was about 1 1/2 years old, he had some kind of gastrointestinal attack. It was a scary 48 hours for all of us. After $1000+ in vet bills, we still had no understanding of what happened. Did he eat something he should not have? Would the problem re-occur? (Personally, in hindsight, we thought maybe he ate a seed from a Mountain Laurel.) End result, though, was the vet put him on Hills Prescription Diet i/d. He's been eating it now for 2-3 years. That and any cut raw veggie he can get his teeth on. His favorite is carrot coins, but he will scarf up cucumber, celery and zucchini slices; he will steal sugar snap peas, green beans, swiss chard and bok choy from my garden basket while I'm harvesting. While we can't keep him away from the veggies, we have to pick him up and place him in front of the Hills i/d and cajole him to eat it.So, we had been toying with the idea of taking a chance and switching it out for something else. But what dog food to choose? Then along came this opportunity to sample the Chef Michael's Chicken. It has 6% more protein than the Hills, and 7% more fat. Plus all the other goodies that an adult dog needs in about the same proportions as the Hills. Our dog's stools a a bit stinkier, but they sure are easier for the dog to expel. It is a softer food, so we'll have to keep him better supplied with dental treats. Serving size is the same for both foods.But, most importantly, our dog is having no issues with this new food at this time, and he sure seems happier and &#34;bouncier&#34;. When his bowl goes down, he treats it like he's getting a Greenie--and he loves his Greenies.Of course, one month's time--some of it spent in changing over from one food to the next, some of it spent in sampling some of Rachael Ray's dog foods--is not long enough to really know whether we can permanently get rid of the Hills i/d and I will update this review further down the line. But, so far, so good: We're glad we took a chance and made a change.
My dachsund just gobbles this up right away, he LOVES LOVES LOVES this grilled sirloin!  I mixed it with it Beneful, so as not to switch dogfoods on him right away and upset his small stomach, and he always picks through and nom nom noms the sirloin meaty pieces straight away before eating the rest of the dry food later, thats how much he loves Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dog Food.  Dobey is pretty picky, too.  Often his food sits around all day and he only eats as he gets hungry, but now the second it hits the bowl, he swoops in for the kills and just makes light of CM dog food, then takes his time as usual with the rest of his food, lol.  Plus this is much healthier than his other dog foods we've been through (Meijer Dog Brand and Purina Beneful), so even though it is more expensive, it seems the cost is definitly worth it.  My dog insists I continue with this brand, lol.  He absolutly salivates now and stands by his bowl when it's empty, which he has NEVER done before.  He doesn't beg for people food nearly as much (still for meat, yes, but not caring as much for anything else), and when I say my dog begs, he has very good manners which involve just sitting and watching me eat lol.  He couldn't care less unless it's meat.  This new dried food just OWNS everything else he's ever had.  Highly recommended, the price might be higher but it's also healthier for your dog baby and he will just love and appreciate you and the food so much more!  I've never seen my little guy so active as he's been since eating this lately, I can't get him to come in from outside, and he's such an indoor dog, so that's a good thing, too!  5 stars all the way for me!  Just wish it was a little cheaper.
My girls are very picky about what they eat and we rarely try any new products anymore because we usually end up giving most of bag to another dog. This time they fooled us. They absolutely love this stuff. It is supposed to smell like sirloin steak which it must since they rush to gobble it down. They have never cared for hamburgers all that much....pampered pets like steaks instead and this must actually smell like steak. So rather than giving this bag away, we will be buying more!
Since my friend is into rescue work, I figured this dog food would be great to test on her two dogs and the five shelter dogs she is working with.  All the dogs ate this food eagerly and they were not starving dogs; so I'd say it gets five stars for taste.According to the packaging, Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food is 100% Complete and Balanced for adult dogs with 23 essential vitamins. Since dogs are carnivores, meat should be high on the ingredient list and the first four ingredients in order are beef, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (from of Vitamin E).Each serving contains:Crude Protein 28%Crude Fat 16%Crude Fiber 3%Moisture 12 %Overall, the dogs loved it and since the food states it is 100% complete and balanced and the first ingredient is beef, I give this five stars.  From the dogs point of view, it appears to be delicious.
There are three dogs in our house: I-Don't-Eat-Dry-Food, I'll-Eat-Any-Kind-of-Food, and I'll-Eat-AnyTHING. We fed all three Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food at the same time but separately so we would know who ate what. Rocky (the dog that eats everyTHING)attacked his bowl with gusto and was begging for more. Mr. Peabody (the dog that eats anything edible) wolfed down his portion. The big surprise was that Charity, who will NOT eat anything but two flavors of Mighty Dog, went after this food like either a) she hadn't eaten in six months, or b)it's her most favorite food in the world. She gets fed twice a day, so it couldn't have been "a."Rocky's begging for more was also a surprise. Although he'll eat anything (eyeglasses, lightbulbs, birdhouses, ant traps, flea collars, etc.) he's never before begged for more as soon as he's finished (although he will check the other dogs' dishes just in case they missed a morsel).Please note: my five-star rating does not reflect how I would rate this product, which I did not sample, but on the dogs' enthusiastic response.
I've never seen my dogs go as crazy over a dog food as when I gave this to them.  They absolutely love it.  The food looks just like it does on the bag, with pieces that are supposed to be beef that look like shredded beef and then little round balls that are supposed to be potatoes and green beans.  The potatoes and green beans are a little under 1/2 inch, but the beef pieces are closer to 3/4 to 1 inch, so this food might be best for a bigger dog.  The smell of the food is not as strong as some other dog foods we've purchased, but it definitely must have a good flavor.  It's made by Purina, which has been around forever, so I think it's a product we can feel safe using.
Not sure how nutritious this food is.. It's not rated very well with the dog food community ingredient wise but my dogs LOVED IT. I mixed it in with their normal Kirkland brand food and it made them eat their normal food with little bits of this food like it was the best thing they have had in their lives.. The dogs felt like it was treats, versus food it smelled and tasted good for them..I wouldn't feed this on a normal basis due to the ingredients ( even though beef is first ), but for a dog that needs help eating, a treaty meal or stimulating appetite this might be a good food enhancer.
I have two dogs, a German Shepherd and a Beagle.  They absoluey love this Grilled Sirloin. In order for them to chew it without devouring and not swallowing it, I mix it with their regular dry food. Calms them down a bit. It's not crunchy, it's softer dry food. Very moist. They had no adverse reactions to it either; no diarrhea etc.
I have 3 adult dogs, a Greyhound, a Boston Terrier, and a Rat Terrier/Chihuahua mix, so they're a wide variety of sizes.  All three dogs loved Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food, and the soft morsels are sized just right for all of them.  The #1 ingredient is chicken, but it is also garnished with peas and carrots.  It has 23 essential vitamins and minerals, which ensure that the food is 100% complete & provide balanced nutrition for adult dogs if you follow the recommended directions on the package.  (You may adjust according to your veterinarian's orders if necessary for dogs on diets.)  Most importantly, it has the Purina seal of approval, which is a name that I have trusted in dog foods for over 20 years.
I have an elderly dog who rarely eats most of his food.  We often have to put human food on top of his food to encourage him to eat it.  This food thrilled him and he ate it all without any trouble.  He is an older dog with some health problems but we just want him to enjoy life and be happy.  This food made him feel happy.
I don't know about you but my husband was really impressed with the smell.  But I checked it and it does smell like steak.Small kibble mixed with a larger kibble that I'm assuming is the source of the steak smell...and possibly taste.  (I didn't try it).All three of my dogs loved it and were looking for more.Guess I'll be buying more.... but maybe save it for special occasions when we have steak.Thank you.MEF
The little doggie liked Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food and just gobbled it up. It smelled quite good for dog food. I like the straightforward ingredient list, although it seems much of the protein is from soy.I was surprised to see that this product is from Nestl&eacute; Purina. Who is this Chef Michael? Is it just a brand name or is he a real person? I haven't been able to determine that!Nutrition:Crude Protein (Min) 28.0%Crude Fat (Min) 6.0%Crude Fiber (Max) 3.0%Moisture (Max) 12.0%Ingredients:Chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, ground wheat, poultry by-product meal, animal digest, oat meal, calcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, salt, natural oven roasted chicken flavor, potassium chloride, dried peas, dried carrots, sulfur, Vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, niacin, L-Lysine monohydrochloride, manganese sulfate, Vitamin A supplement, added color (Yellow 5, Blue 2, Yellow 6, Red 40), calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, copper sulfate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, garlic oil, Vitamin D-3 supplement, folic acid, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), calcium iodate, biotin, sodium selenite.
My dogs absolutely gobbled this up in seconds flat!!! They love it!! 2 of my dogs are the type that eat a little bit here and there all day long, but when I put this down, they actually fought over it and ate it so fast, I literally thought they were going to have a heart attack. I am definitely going to buy this for them in the future as a supplement to their main dog food.What I liked the most aside from my pups loving it so much is that it's free of artificial preservatives and color because that's really important to me.I know some people would like to know what the ingredients are so I am going to list them below:Chicken, soybean meal, soy flour, animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols (form of Vitamin E), brewers rice, soy protein concentrate, corn gluten meal, ground yellow corn, glycerin, ground wheat, poultry by-product meal, animal digest, salt, oat meal, calcium carbonate, calcium phosphate, dried carrots, dried peas, natural rotisserie chicken flavor, sulfur, zinc sulfate, Vitamin E supplement, ferrous sulfate, choline chloride, manganese sulfate, added color (Yellow 5, Blue 2, Yellow 6, Red 40), niacin, Vitamin A supplement, copper sulfate, calcium pantothenate, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin supplement, Vitamin B-12 supplement, garlic oil, pyridoxine hydrochloride, folic acid, Vitamin D-3 supplement, calcium iodate, biotin, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of Vitamin K activity), sodium selenite.This was definitely a great product to try and I am glad that I did.
my 12 pound chihuahua Rocky is a very finicky little dog. she has been eating 1/4 cup of this dog food everyday for the last 3 months since we started using it. i tried several high quality chicken dog foods with her. day after day she went straight to this dog food and licked it... played with it... and proceeded to eat it. i don't know how or why she is so finicky. this dog food is very good for her and we're both happy about that fact. this food sits well with her system. thank you!real chicken is the number 1 ingredient in this product. i has pea and carrot pieces also. this is a well rounded meal for an adult dog. there are 23 essential vitamins and minerals in this dog product. the bag is 4.5 lbs and it is about twice the size of any other dog food bag that i have seen lately of the same weight that is. it must be lightweight and it goes further. best if used by june 2014 in my case. store it in a clean dry place. i am going to divide my bag of food up into portions and keep most of it in the freezer and the rest in the refrigerator for freshness.
My dogs went crazy just smelling the bag before dinner time. I've had their newly purchased bag of regular food around before feeding time and they never were this possessed! Looking up the ingredients, chicken is the first ingredient, so I feel great feeding it to them! It even smells better than their typical food. Win!
I will do a video review later,  if I can.  I have four dogs.  A Pom,  a Yorkie,  and their two puppies.  My Yorkie is the fussiest little thing ever,  as are most yorkies who are spoiled.  Sometimes if I had gotten them Beniful or or some other brand they would leave it there and it would sit for weeks and they wouldn't even touch it... just wait for a treat and basically starve themselves... but they love this brand.  They favor the chicken flavor though... but they like variety... so... I buy a big bag of chicken and a small bag of beef for if they ever seem a little bored.
I got this as a special present for a good friend and neighbor's Jack Russell and it did score big with both dog & owner.  Some reviewers attack it on nutritional grounds, but hey, I doubt it hurts giving this to a loved dog as a special treat from time to time.
Even the most finnicky eater seems to really enjoy these doggie dinners.  Since I haven't tasted them, I can only extrapolate by the dog's enthusiasm that this a tasty dog food.One of the dogs who chowed down on this is a non-discriminating glutton-but even she seemed to like it better.  (Although with her, how can you tell?) Great to find it here-thanks Amazon!
I did a comparison test of four different dog foods my dog has never tried before: Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken, Rachael Ray Nutrish Just 6, Rachel Ray Nutrish Beef & Rice, and Rachel Ray Nutrish Chicken and Vegetable.I weighed each bowl before and after to calculate how much my dog ate, but I didn't need to to do that to know which one won. It was no contest. Chef Michael's all the way. She nearly finished the entire bowl:* Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken: 6.4 ounces* Rachael Ray Nutrish Just 6: 1 ounce* Rachael Ray Nutrish Beef & Rice: 0.2 ounces* Rachael Ray Nutrish Chicken & Vegetables: 0.1 ounceJust from visual appearances, I could tell why my dog liked Chef Michael's so much. It was the one that most resembled people food. The rest were just kibble in different colors. As she got full, she started trying the other dog foods, but she kept coming back for more Chef Michael's. I was afraid she was going to eat herself sick. I've never seen her eat that much before.Looks like I will be buying Chef Michael's from now on.
My dogs LOVE this food. In fact, if I fill their bowls with it, they won't stop eating until it is gone. So I have started putting a little bit on top of their regular food, Wellness, as a little treat. They can't get enough of it! They actually make a complete mess digging through the bowl of regular food to find the Chef Michael's food, spilling their food everywhere! They think this food is better than the actual treats I give them.It also looks good. Kibble is usually these nondescript little balls of unidentifiable substance, but Chef Michael's LOOKS like real food! My dogs are picky about their kibble, but they certainly love this stuff!!
My dogs are finicky about what they eat.  Basically, one of my dogs doesn't care for any brand of dog food and only eats it when he's famished.  We've tried the expensive stuff (Eukanuba & Blue) and the cheap stuff (Purina & other brands) and he hates them all equally.The most notable thing about Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin dog food is it's appearance.  It really does look like petrified pieces of beef, and you can see the vegetables in it.  Also, the number one ingredient is beef, which is unusual.  Even the high-end brands mentioned above do not have meat products as their main ingredient, but have corn listed first.Taste test on this product was a success; both my dogs ate it.  And my cat, who only eats meat products, had a few bites too, which is a verification of the meat content, in my opinion.The cost is not prohibitive, especially considering the prime shipping.Will I buy it?  Probably.  I have to wait to make sure my finicky dogs continues eating it until the last morsel is gone.  I've been fooled before.
This dog food is amazing it even smells good. Since the pieces are good size I decided to use these as rewards when our dog Sadie successfully completes a trick. Its a very effective reward and she really seems to enjoy the taste,using the product in this way is also cost effective since its not exactly cheep. I would recommend this product to dog owners, especially for training purposes!
I fed this to four dogs (all mutts) and they all loved it. I normally feed them Science Diet (different varieties) which I obtain from my veteranarian but they go after the Chef Michael's with a lot more zeal.So my plan now is to give them the Chef Michael's dog food about every fifth meal because my dogs are old and they need the various Science Diet foods for their specific problems. But the Chef Michael's will give them a nice variety.Highly recommended.
That yum was from my dog, not me. :) My dog loves this food. The texture feels meaty and you can see all sorts of different ingredients in each piece.  My dog gets excited just by seeing the bag and always finishes every last bit in his bowl.  I like that this food contains real and healthy ingredients and really takes the time to care about proper nutrition for dogs. This is definitely a product I will continue using.
I'm of two minds about cutting the stars on this review - as I originally said, this is a sort of dehydrated stew, and we've successfully mixed it with a little hot water for a semi-moist result.  Our spoiled doodle eats it right up!  As a treat, it's a success, and there've been no poop-problems or energy changes since he started eating it (admittedly not exclusively) a couple weeks ago.HOWEVER, after reading a number of less than stellar reviews here I checked this stuff out at the Dog Food Advisor site (where I go for dog food info,) and they give Chef Michael's one out of five stars. It's got a lot of protien and fat, but mostly from by-products and it also has a LOT of filler.  Also they warn that it contains menadione, a controversial form of vitamin K linked to liver toxicity, allergies, and the abnormal break-down of red blood cells.  Plus there's a concern that rice, which is an included ingredient, can sometimes contain arsenic (in very limited quantities, but still something to be aware of.)  We won't be throwing this stuff away, but it'll be parsed out as more of a treat than a regular meal item!We got scared offChicken Soup for the Dog Lover's Soulafter a recall a couple years back, but I guess it's time to reconsider!  Although the Advisor folks rate Trader Joe's kibble only a little lower...  More on this in some other review!
My littlest pup is the ultimate in picky. She likes a food for one day and hates it the next. For a while we were hand making her food with boiled veggies and meat and feeding her bite by bite on a spoon. Really! That's the only way she would eat anything.Fortunately we found this Chef Michael food. For some reason she loves it. Some days she'll eat it right off the plate! Other days I have to go back to hand feeding her, but she still eats it without her usual protest of turning her head and hiding under the furniture. She likes it, she really likes it!
Chef Michael's Oven Roasted Chicken Dry Dog Food seems to be a favorite of my two dogs. One of my dogs, the pit bull, has a very sensitive stomach and it's hard to find a variety of foods for him to eat that doesn't turn his stomach. With Chef Michael's dog food, he can eat it regularly and I don't have to worry about listening to his stomach gurgle. Both of the dogs really seem to chow down on this stuff, and the cats love to use the little green pellets as toys to bat around the kitchen floor. Who can go wrong with food and entertainment at the same time?
My dogs are always begging for table scrapes.  As we all know that own dogs it is not good to give in to them.  We have many dogs and as I said they are not crazy about any dog food that we offer them. I keep telling them they are not people, but they just don't seem to get the hint. I brought the bag of Chef Michael's food into the kitchen and opened it up, to my surprise I had 5 dogs around me within minutes. How could they smell food that fast? Amazing.  I put a cup full in each of their dishes and set it down for them. Before I had the last dish down the dogs had finished the first ones. What?  My dogs hate dry dog food, what were they doing eating this?  I decided to do a little experiment and put down some of their regular food and some of Chef Michael's, side by side.  They all tried to get chef Michaels and totally ignored their regular dog food. I put it up and decided I'd try again the next day knowing sometimes they gobble up something the first time just because its new.  The next day I did the same thing and again they all charged for Chef Michael's food.  There you have it. My dogs loved it, and since it is dog food they have the final say.
My dog is a bit of a picky eater but he liked this food from the first day.  It has a unique look to it with different shapes and colors.  I like that the first ingredient is chicken, I am a believer in healthier food because of the change in my dog over the past year when I have started feeding him quality food.  Usually my cats do not bother the dog food, but they like to go to his bowl for this (I don't particularly like that, but he runs them off), so I know it must be tastier than the normal food I buy  him.  No complaints about this food.
This bagged dry dog food "presents" very nicely . . . no disagreeable dog food odor, visible chewy meat and vegetable nuggets, and apparently an excellent taste that dogs enjoy.We normally feed our Jack Russell and Chihuahua using a feeder that allows them access to food 24/7.  However, with this Chef Michael's Grilled Siroin Dry Dog Food, I'm forced to ration it out in suitable serving sizes to each dog to prevent overeating (the same routine I would use for table scraps).  Notwithstanding the overfeeding caution, I trust Purina (the maker of Chef Michael's) as a reputable pet food manufacturer and have no concerns with nutritional or health issues here.  Combine that with the apparent great taste and this is a 5 star product in my opinion.If I may add further opinion regarding the quality of this product and the variety of reviewer responses -- I see that many reviewers took issue with the ingredients list, finding most of the ingredients to be inferior, undesirable, or harmful.  I guess I'm a bit more economically frugal in my views.  As this is a relatively expensive dog food, I don't mean frugal price-wise, but rather resource-wise.  OF COURSE by-product meats and some vegetable filler (which does have nutritional benefit) are used.  I find it acceptable and even expected that the meat and fat products used in this DOG FOOD would come from animals that are in-part legally unsuitable for humans  (although in other parts of the world they would be consumed by humans). In fact, nothing in the animal slaughter industry goes to waste and the ingredients in this pet food product are far from the bottom of that usage ladder.  Unacceptable are the synthetic pet food products such as we have imported from China that have actually killed our pets or ruined their kidneys.  Acceptable, in my opinion, are pet foods (such as this Chef Michael's branded product) made by a reputable experienced manufacturer using by-products and vegetable products known as suitable for pets.Anecdotally, I recall growing up on a farm where our Labrador loved to kill and eat groundhogs . . . it sometimes took a few days to finish one . . . in the summer.  Burying didn't help, as she would dig them up.  Anyway,  the dog loved the disgusting decaying groundhogs, which would have violated pet food laws and sensitivities on many fronts.  She lived long and healthy.  And happy.
Boy, am I so tired of reading reviews bemoaning the ingredients in dog food these days.  All the whiners claim that such-and-such is too corm or soy heavy, or that it is not gluten free or some other such crap.  Guess what...It's DOG FOOD! For the love of all that is holy would you tools quit your whine-fest and go away!  For the record, this product did exactly what it was supposed to do.  Do you know what that is?  It fed my dogs.  Furthermore, they all seemed to enjoy it and have not shown any ill effects or digestive ailments (Not a single degree higher on the dog-fart scale, so I am happy).  Sure our dogs are our babies, but the same people who cry about dog food ingredients are the same ones who took the score out of childrens' sports and think everyone is a winner.  Total and complete imbeciles.  Chef Michael's Grilled Sirloin Dry Dog Food will always be welcome in my home.  Our pets are only given a short time with us on this planet, so why not let them enjoy their little lives to the fullest.  Give them what they want.  If this dog food makes them wag their happy little tails, then have at it.  I found this to be a great product and I hope you do to.  The naysayers need to get a grip on reality or just raise children instead.  They don't deserve dogs!  Highly Recommended!
My dog gives this 2 big paws up.  Now, to be fair, he likes almost any food, but I think I detected, if possible, an even greater enthusiasm than normal for this one.  When he had gobbled it up, he sniffed all over to see if possibly there might have been a crumb dropped anywhere, and then came to me to see if perhaps I felt like giving him an extra helping.  And, not that it matters, but this food does look fancier than the normal dog food I feed him, with some of the kibbles resembling hunks of meat.  I was also impressed that the first ingredient was beef, although there was also lots of other stuff that was nowhere near natural.  I would also say that the softness of the beef-look kibbles is probably not great for his teeth, but maybe that's not a problem for you if you brush your dog's teeth.  But definitely for taste, attractive look, and beef content, I give this a high rating.
The Grilled Sirloin flavor was a winner for my dogs!  It was given mixed with their regular food to enhance and the whole 4.5 pound bag didn't last two days!  The first ingredient listed is beef, then soy products, corn product and poultry..then a lot of supplements like Vitamin E, Calcium, etc.  This Sirloin Steak flavored food also featured potato and green bean on the label and sure enough, was listed in the ingredients as real components.  I will use this as enrichment since I have so many dogs and it is a bit pricey.  Good product!
My dog has breath that could kill a buzzard.  This is the newest remedy I've tried to cure my dog's chronic halitosis.  As another U.S. reader noted, the change/improvement was not immediately apparent.  By the end of one week's time, my dog's breath was no longer in the toxic fumes category.  If you have a pet with halitosis, then you want this product.
Unlike some products that claim to immediately improve your pet's breath, this is a supplement that should improve his or her breath after some use. The Breath Bites are small. My little poodle swallows them without slowing down to chew. If he actually tastes them, he seems to like the taste.After using them for several days, I started to notice an improvement in his breath. These do seem to work.If dog breath is a problem for your favorite canine, you might give these a try.
My dogs don't have dental or gum disease yet none has naturally good breath.  The vets told me to more regularly give them something like raw bones because chewing on them helps dogs prevent tartar buildup.  Dried bones work too.  Brushing my dogs teeth hasn't worked well because I forget to do it, but it is very good to do.  They said, try biotene in the water and avoid giving them foods that stick to the teeth.Breath Bites worked to the extent that I have been able to get these dogs to chew on them.  One likes them a lot and now has noticeably better breath.  That's all.
At first she snubbed the green chewy. I attribute that to her age (14) and her teeth getting more sensitive with age. That lasted all of 15 seconds and then she contentedly chewed on it til she finished it all.We gave her half a chew to see how well that digested and the next day have her a whole one.She loves it - we love it - it's all good.Will order again.
If your dog has breath issues (I've never known a dog to have naturally wonderful breath) you should consider trying these. They're the least expensive "treat" I've seen with regards to breath and they actually do their job. The ingredients in them are also not nearly as unhealthy as the stuff in Greenies.They DO take a bit of time to work, just keep up with them daily and you'll likely see (smell?) results in about a week. At least that's how it went with my 50lb cocker spaniel. He had absolutely awful breath, but two weeks giving him these in the evenings has made his doggie kisses considerably more tolerable.
I have three small yellow bellied slider turtles and they have a tendancy for being messy.This stuff helps with the waste problem they cause.I find Dr. Tims Aquatics Waste Away combined with the filter does a pretty job keeping their "home" clean.
I found two advantages to this product.  I added it through my filter and let it run into the tank.  I only use 1/2 a dose, since they suggested it to start, and that dose has been effective.  I noticed that the filter flowed freely for at least two weeks longer than before, and there is less sludge when I clean the gravel bi-monthly with partial water changes. Im very happy that I can wait a bit longer to do filter changes, cutting my expenses that way makes this product well worth the price!
I have a 15 gallon tank with filter for my aquatic frog. My algae eater passed away and I sort of forgot about getting a new one right away. The algae had started to build up pretty well and the water looked overall a little murky. I decided to try Waste-Away, just to see if it did anything to help. I will also add that right before I did use this product, I had noticed super tiny clear to white worm-like beings swimming around in the tank. I was later told at the pet store that this was actually a parasite!Anyway, I used the Waste-Away and I did see some difference in the look of the water. It was clearer and the algae seemed different - like it was getting lighter in color and texture. The wormy guys had started to vanish as well. Now, this didn't happen immediately, so don't be discouraged if you do give it a try. It took a little over a week for me to see a real difference and notice that it did indeed work. The rocks/gravel in the bottom of the tank also looked brighter/cleaner, so I'd have to say this stuff actually works, and pretty well too. My frog didn't seem bothered by it at all either.
We have two fish tanks in our home.  My husband has one, medium large with smaller fish in it, and my daughter has another slightly smaller with two large fish in it.  I have to say my husbands tank stays pretty clean for a while but all of a sudden it clouds up.  My husband put this product in as directed and waited.  He has little things on the bottom of his tank, you know, rocks, boats and little houses for the fish to hide in.  I'm not much of a fish person but he seems to enjoy watching them.  Anyway, this solution seemed to help clean and clear up the water. It wasn't too bad to begin with, but it did seem to improve it and didn't hurt the fish any.  My daughter and I  put it in her tank with the big fish and they are big.  Seems to me they should be in the River, but what do I know.  Anyway, her water really wasn't that clear but to our surprise this product did seem to help it.  It wasn't crystal clear but it definitely was better than before.  So I'd have to say it did work.  I'm sure after it is used more often we will see even better results.  I'll try to let you know. Remember to read the instructions before you put this in water.
I got both the Shredded Chicken and the Shredded Blend Beef and rice foods.My Basenji is not a seriously &#34;picky&#34; eater, but he does have his likes and dislikes.  Some foods are tried and bits are picked out and left on the floor surrounding his bowl to indicate his rejection of that component.Other foods are consumed but not with a great deal of apparently enjoyment or eagerness.I tried both the chicken and the beef separately and my dog likes them both, in fact often prompts me when meal time is approaching and stands next to the dry food container.  Or moves back and forth from his bowl to the container to indicate it is time to fill the bowl.After making sure he liked both foods, I mixed them in the very large container I have for dry foods and he finishes off the amount measured out and looks for more, checking the floor around the base of the bowl stand to make sure he did not drop a crumb.
I have no idea if this dog food is as good for my dog as the bag promises. I know from my experiences growing up out in the country that dogs are not nearly as picky about what they eat as their owners (or &#34;pet parents&#34; as one commercial calls them) are. All I know is that my dog loves it (but then again she loves most anything she eats) and the bag tells me that it is better for her than most of the dog food that you can buy in your grocery store.
Comparing ingredients between Pro Plan and a &#34;bargain brand&#34; is quite an eye opener.  We started out our dogs on rather cheap kibbles until we realized that the ingredients were just not that great----lots of filler with very little nourishment.  Started buying a very popular brand which the pups really liked and felt we were doing the right thing.  Had the opportunity to try out Pro Plan,  another eye opener.  The ingredients of this product over what we were using is just as impressive.At first the dogs were not up to the switch to a new product, so we mixed this with some of what they were familiar with---that worked, gradually increasing Pro Plan until a 100% meal was obtained.  Now they have decided this the best, and we agree!  It really agrees with their digestive system as the stool is much improved.  Took awhile, but was worth the effort.  A well balanced meal with all of the great ingredients of this product have convinced us that this is just a great product worthy of our pet family.
we have a large 4 year old White English bull dog named MJ.  She is a mastiff breed so is hugh. She is picky and prefers fresh meat and over dry dog food. She absolutely loved this dog food. She snifffed and just wolfed it down as fast as she could and then did her I want more look. so she loved this beef and rice formula.No negative effects to her tummy.
got the bag and looked over and the dog's food dishes were empty.  so i put 2 cups of the pro plan into each of their dishes.  now eddy is my big lab,(4 yrs-120lb and still growing)  not to picky-he smelled it and then ate about 1/2 and seemed to like it a lot-(this is how he eats.  1/2 then come back 4-6 hrs later and finishes his bowl.  now for zelda,my little girl lab, who is worse than a 3 yr old.  picky-picky-and picky eater.  she is,( 2 yrs-80lb).  now her routine for new food.  the sniff test-if it don't smell to her liking-she walks away.  now if she likes it she will take just 1, yes that is just 1 nugget.  roll it around in her mouth, then spit it out on the floor.  now if she kinda likes it she will lay down in-front of the nugget and chicken bite little pieces off of the nugget for further taste test.  now if she likes the food she will go over and get about 4-7 nuggets in her mouth.  go over and lay down and proceed to eat on the nuggets.  welllll-she went over to her dish and proceeded to eat the food.  this means that it was to her liking.  now for my dogs, dry food is just for filler, (for these dogs are fed between 6-12 ounces of lean meat a day). not just any filler.  besides passing my standard for dry food, it has to pass the dog test also.  these dogs are very active-eddy is trained for the wifes service dog.  he is a bird ,(upland and water) hunting dog.  into the last of search and rescue training and can respond to 3 languages.  zelda is into service training now and helps eddy with bird hunting.  these dogs earn their keep.  so we take extreme care of them and are fed a high protein diet.  i would recommend this dog food for any dog.
When the box arrived, I forgot I had ordered dog food and couldn't figure out what was so heavy...but my dog was going insane sniffing the box, climbing on the box, she wouldn't stop staring at and molesting the box.  We get a lot of packages and this was a first for that behavior, Then I remembered that it was dog food, opened it and gave her a bowl.  BAM GONE. the dog is 13 years old and she kind of picks at her food over a few hours.  Not with this, she eats as much as I give her as fast as she is able.  I've been feeding her Blue Buffalo and she likes it.  Before that it was cheapo Beneful and she tolerated that pretty well.  This?  She goes nuts for this.  Which is a little frightening because she could stand to lose a pound or three.Others have commented on the ingredients not being healthy.  To me they appear to be on the healthier side of the cheap brands.  But here's my thought: my dog is 13 and in good shape.  I'm not sure denying her a food she loves like this is going to make much difference at this point.  I give her supplements and bathe her and take her to the vet and groomers and then she walks outside and rolls in a pile of alligator crap...I'm not sure I'm ready to worry about her organic diet.  We've been using the Blue Buffalo because I thought she might have an allergy...turns out it was a flea.  So now she won't touch the Blue Buffalo if this bag is nearby.  At whatever ancient age she is in dog years, I'm giving her what she wants.She hasn't had any digestive issues at all with this so far.  She is normally pretty sensitive to changes in food and will get the runs.  I am not picking up runs.  No way.  Let the alligator roll in it.
I can tell when my dog likes her dog food, and she likes Purina Pro Plan Beef and Rice Formula. She looks forward to her meals and she licks away every morsel. The bowl is clean, not a bit left behind.Sometimes, when I change her dog food, my dog's tummy gets upset, especially when she's wolfing it all down. That didn't happen here. It's so gentle on her system.Purina Pro Plan isn't shaped like plain kibble, but the color is bland, meaning no bright greens and reds to speak of. To many, that's a good thing. It may not be pretty, but it tastes good and it doesn't make her sick.  If she likes it, I like it.  Great dog food.
Firstly, this food is not for me, or any other human.  That said, I am completely comfortable with the ingredients in this "Purina Pro Plan Dry Adult Dog Food, Shredded Blend Beef and Rice Formula".  I like to change up my dogs' food periodically to provide them variety and was glad to see this offer from Amazon and Purina.  I followed the label instructions and gradually escalated the food mix, reducing the previous food (an Iam's branded dry food), onto this Purina.  On flavor alone, they clearly preferred this new Purina Pro Plan offering in their dish . . . they always went for it first, picking around in the dish for it.They are now on the Pro Plan only.  Both my dogs love it (semi-elderly terrier and Chihuahua mixes), no digestive or health issues, and I am completely comfortable with the ingredient list.  I am also not troubled by the fact that I personally do not find it appetizing - again, this is animal feed, it's not for me or my family.A very satisfactory dry dog food, from an experienced and trusted name.
This is the nicest dog lead I have ever used.  Operation is very smooth.  The lead just slides out of the handle like it was moistened with some sort of oil.  Nicely allows you to let the dog lead out to the length allowed by the cord.  Handle is nicely decorated in black and white.  The "brake" tab is also smoothly operated.  I also think with this sorts of dog leads that it is important to match the weight of your dog to the description of the dog lead you purchase.  This lead would not work well of course, with an 80 lb dog.  My little "Ava" is a papillion and we are both very happy with the functioning and appearance of this product.  I also think the price is reasonable.  I think you would definitely be satisfied with this purchase.
This dog leash is great!I already have two retractable leashes which i have been using for a year. within a month of using them, the push button started giving problems.The concept this leash is designed with eliminates that problem as it is a single push button, more like a switch.pros:It is easy to hold as it fits into your hand.The single push button makes it easy to adjust the length of rope you want to give your dog,thereby making control easier.The belt is a lot safer than rope especially with active dogs that can pull away suddenly while you are holding rope.Nice attractive designSturdy , well built designcons:Only good for small or medium sized dogs
This leash is perfect for me and my small dog.It lets me release a longer leash length when at the park and also retract it.The movements are smooth, no problems in controlling the length of which I allow him.It is well made, stylish and keeps my dog very securely.It's easy to clean, glossy plastic surface ad the leash itself are sturdy.I also like the compact design and have gotten nothing but pleasure in using it.
I just got this leash last week and I love it.I had a different retractable leash once before, but the leash part was more like a thin rope and I really didn't like the feel of it. This one is much nicer quality. It's just like the regular leashes you buy at the pet store, only it's in a retractable handle.The entire handle on this one is also much better. It is a little bigger and more comfortable in your hand. It works great. The handle is a nice shiny black & white design - quite a nice look. It's got some weight to it, but still light and easy to carry. I want to get another one to keep in my car. I will definitely go back to Avant Garde products. This is the best retractable leash I've experienced so far.Edit 8/3/2013: I am still using this leash, so I have to say, it's great quality.
This leash is light but sturdy. It retracts and extends easily, with smooth motion. The lock button works well. Overall a great product.
I absolutely adore this beautiful retractable leash! The design print is absolutely stunning and the swivel metal buckle is a nice touch since it does keep the leash from twisting up. The handle is no problem for me and I have had no problem reaching or pushing the button in. I understand that not everyone has the same size hands, finger length and so one, but this leash is quality made, beautifully designed, and very sturdy for walking my pets. Will definitely be buying the larger one too! Best retractable leash I have ever used so far.
This is a great retractable leash for small dogs. The black and white color make is suitable for both male and female dogs. (I know the dogs won't care, but their owners will!) The leash retracts smoothly and locks firmly in place. It has a swivel that keeps it from tangling. It retracts enough to give our dog room to walk easily, but isn't so long that he gets too far away to control. I am happy with this well-made leash.
I was offered this leash in the Amazon Vine program and was happy to receive it although I was quite pleased with the retractable leash I was using.  Well as soon as it arrived, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality.  It is clearly higher quality than any other retractable leash I have ever used.  It is high gloss black with a piano white design and the handle is a matte black with a non-slick texture to keep it from sliding.  I really like that the brake button is a toggle flip button rather than the push and lock button I am used to using.  It is the perfect size for my hand.  It is rated to 28lbs but to me it seems much stronger than other leashes that are rated to 28 pounds.  I like this leash, enjoy using it, and recommend it.
I love this . It is a super cool leash.The mechanism that controls the leash seems very well made. It is very easy to use & works very well. My dog weighs 15lbs & she loves it. The hardware is very nicely done with a silver finish. The case is a very heavy , shiney black plastic with a beautiful vine like scroll design. It is very delicate looking, but is very sturdy. I have gotten compliments on it. It would make a wonderful gift or treat for yourself.
We have several different models of retractable leashes (we own 4 small dogs) and the first thing that you notice about the Avant Garde leash is it's compact size. It easily slips into a jacket pocket or your purse when not in use, seemingly not a big deal unless you've used one of the larger competitors' models, let your dog off leash to play and then had to carry it around (or else lay it down and then have to remember where when it's time to move on).Don't let the size fool you, though. It's very sturdy. It appears to be well-made. Whoever designed it put some thought into it, it's rounded with a slick finish and no protruding edges or visible fasteners.The grip surface is matte-finished, not really rubberized but easy to grip. It is made for smaller hands, it fits me well but my husband can still get three fingers through the handle so he can use it too. In fact, he remarked that it was the first one he had used that had an easy-to-use, one-finger (thumb, actually) operable brake/lock mechanism. It has a simple, 3-position toggle switch on top: In the rearmost position the reel is free to extend and retract automatically, toggling the switch to the middle position temporarily locks the ratcheting brake... if you release the button, it defaults back to automatic. Pushing the toggle forward locks the leash to whatever length it's extended to. On other brands there is usually a second button that you have to push in to lock/unlock, but this one is easier to use.Overall, this is a nice unit. I've only used it a few times so far, so I can't attest to the long-term durability but I believe it will be a long-lasting leash. I give it a 2-paws up!
We are very happy at my house with this product.  We have four cats and two of them are a little neurotic.  They get freaked out over visitors, thunderstorms and anything that is out of the usual around here.  We have started making these chews a part of their daily feeding and I don't think I would be overstating the case to tell you that they both are a little more mellow.  It's not an extreme thing where they have now become couch cats.  It's more of a general laid back attitude.  They just seem a little less tense.  It may be the power of suggestion but I can tell you that we are going to order some more of these.  They also seem to really like the taste.  That's a big help because we serve it as a treat.  Recommend to buy
I really only use this before we are going to be driving like 100 or more miles in the car. My cats seem very upset when riding whether they are in the pet porter or out but this seems to calm them down greatly. I don't have to listen to them crying and yowling. I give it to them about an hour before we go. They still fuss a little but then they lay down and sleep. Makes for a much quieter and nicer drive for me.
So far so good with my cat. He has some anxiety issues when strange dogs come to the house. Normally he will get very defensive and sometimes even attack the dogs. He has even gone as far as to urinate on the back door rug out of anger because of the new dog. Since taking his new calming chew, he is a cool cat, much less stressed and doesn't seem to be phased at all by my friends dog. They smelt of one another and he went back to his stool and back to what he does best &#34;lounging&#34; which is his favorite past time.
I've had problems with my older cat being so stressed since we got our kitten.  She was staying in the bathroom 24/7 to the point we had to move her food and water in there least she starve.THE FIRST NIGHT I gave her composure, she cuddled up to me at night in the bedroom and slept with me.  She's done it every night sense and has actually been friendly to the new cat with only a FEW growls.She loves the taste.  I don't have any problem getting her to take these treats and she has no trouble tolerating them - and she has a very funny stomach that usually throws up when anything new is introduced.  She's Mau and just really funny about everything.  This is helping a lot.While I did get my first bag compliments of VINE, I have since started a subscription because I don't want to run out before she bounces back.
I have three cats, and I wanted to try these for one cat in particular, that is rather sensitive to new stress (like our new dog).  I'm impressed!  So far, she's doing better since having taken these supplements.  I was certainly skeptical, but her behavior and interaction and tolerance of the dog has certainly improved.  She's always been on the skittish side, but I think eating these regularly could really help.Definitely worth a try!
I have some picky cats, they only love certain treats, so my friend gave me these and I thought I would give them a try.  My cat loves these Vetri-Science treats and they eat them up. Sometimes, I find them staring at the bag waiting for more.
I "inherited" several kittens last year and have been working on taming and housebreaking them so they can go to a pet rescue and anyone who has an indoor cat can tell you, from time to time THEY GO INSANE!!!These chews are designed to help calm them down and provide some needed nutrients as well. And as with all Vetri-Science chews, the cats love them. Just try a tell them they are not a treat, they won't listen.
Recently, I've added a dog to my formerly all feline household. My 5 cats have for the most part adjusted very well, with the exception of Phatboy Cuddlecuss who is my very sensitive to change 20 pound, long haired, baby boy cat. Phatboy gets very stressed when my dog is in his play area or when he can't see me. I have started giving him these chews (2 to 3) when needed. I have noticed it keeps Phatboy from having aggression and it calms him down.At first I was nervous that these would "dope" him up or make his personality not him- that never happened. He's the same cat on these it just calms him down and relaxes him.All 5 of my cats love the flavor of these. Also, these are small treats and none of my cats have had any trouble trying to eat them.
I am owned by two dogs....lucky me.  A golden retriever/senior citizen and a young papillion.  The papillion is a "picky" eater.They both love this food and I feel really good feeding it to them because it is really good for them.Just read the contents and you'll see how healthy it is.And of course coming with the brand name, Science Diet I know I am giving them good stuff.Highly recommend for your babies too.
I have a yellow Lab and a Papillon.  They both love this food.  I was afraid that the chunks would be too large for the Papillon, but she takes them one at a time and crunches away.  I think that's good for her teeth.  The Lab has some arthritis and we've been giving him glucosamine supplements for years.  Since we put him on this food, he's walking easier.  This is a food that you can feel good about giving your pups.  The ingredients are much better than most of the other foods that we've tried.  Highly recommended.
First and foremost this food is made in the USA. That is a must for feeding my Dobie, Max. The Dobie I had before Max died after eating food from China. This happened about 7 years ago and there were all kinds of recalls but too late to save my dog. Since then I have been especially careful about the source of food to feed Max and to ensure that he does not get any made in China. FedEx delivered this USA made dog food yesterday and I decided to serve it to him this morning at his regular breakfast time of 5 AM. Max loves to eat and when he heard me opening the bag of Hill's he came over to see what I was doing. He started jumping around when he got a whiff of the food as I was measuring it into his bowl. When I set the bowl down into his food/water stand he gobbled it down in a New York minute.There are some foods that Max refuses to eat but this Hill's is to his liking. So, I have a winner that is appetizing and healthy to boot. That is a combination hard to beat.
To be fair, my dog loves all dog food. But, she really loves this stuff. She literally jumps in the air when I pull the dog food container out and just freaks out over it. I have no idea if it does what it says it does, but the dog really loves it.
Hill's Science Diet for Adults is a great dog food brand. Its a balanced nutrition and you really do see a visible difference in your dog. Our dogs have tried everything from cheaper food to more expensive food. Your dogs will poop more on cheaper brands and fillers then they do on "real" dog food. You are what you eat as they say.Science Diet provides nutrition to restore youthful energy in 30 days as they say. It won't happen overnight. Just like people it takes a few weeks or more to see and feel a difference. It has antioxidants to maintain overall health and a strong immune system. It is made with high quality ingredients which are easy to digest and contains Glucosamine and Chondroitin Sulfate for healthy joints and improved mobility. There is only natural ingredients and NO artificial colors, flavors or preservatives.As far as tastes? We have 5 dogs. All adults and some older adults- and every one of them large and small gobbled the food up- So I would say the taste is great! No upset tummy's or diarrhea as some "cheaper" foods can cause. This is a good brand so I did not expect any issues.
Having several dogs can lead to some dogs liking one food while others won't eat it. With the Hill's Science Diet food all the dogs ate each bowl and appeared to enjoy it. I would love to try this food long-term to see what other benefits it would offer my dogs. I would recommend this product to other pet owners.
my veteranarian recommended this particular dog food so i have been using it regularly now. my dog "Buddy" loves it. there is not a speck left in his food bowl. he drinks plenty of water with his meals also. good dog!
We've used Science Diet dog food products in the past and have always been happy with them.In this case, we fed the product to our large 3-year old dog, who fits right into the dog type for which the product is intended (large dogs age 1-5 years).The first thing is that the dog likes the food and eats it happily (well, OK, he eats most anything, but there's a clear difference in eagerness and enthusiasm here).The food agrees well with him, and he definitely does well on it. His coat is nice, his teeth and breath are good, and he has plenty of energy (considering his breed type). It certainly seems that the Science Diet products are carefully designed and well manufactured. This feed isn't just any old stuff thrown together; it's definitely tailored to the needs of our dog.So the bottom line is that we're happy with this dog food and will continue to feed Duke with it.
My two dogs are pretty picky: Halle, a doberman, and Riley, a rat terrier, are both finicky and seem more interested in eating crud off the ground than the dog food I've bought.  And I've bought some good brands, like the veterinarian-sold expensive stuff, all the store brands, and even highly related brands from the local ranch feed store.  Nothing.  In fact, they seem more interested in chasing lizards and eating them than what is in their bowl.So, I tried this hoping for a change, and it did work.  I tried to take a video of them chowing down but it didn't work...in any case, they were enthusiastic and ate eagerly.  The portion size is small, and there's no waste.  The best thing is that they aren't stinking up the house like they used to.  Normally they are outside dogs, but we bring them in at night.  This means their room gets pretty foul, enough to make your eyes water sometimes.That's the biggest plus for me, the lack of odor, which must be from better quality ingredients.  I also didn't notice them scratching themselves like they did with some dog foods.  I have no idea what the chemical makeup is, or which ingredients are the winners, but this is our new favorite.  I also want to give a shout out for Chef Michaels, another kind they did like.
My dogs like this Purina Pro Plan Savor.  I always think the crunchy pieces help keep their teeth clean and the shredded pieces they enjoy chewing up for the flavor.  It contains vitamin B-12, D-3, A, C, niacin, and calcium which help to keep my dogs healthy and active.  Every morning and evening they eat every bite and lick their bowls clean!
I have actually been using this food for years -- or more to the point, my dogs have!It was recommended by my vet (who I have known longer than my own teenage children!) as it is the top of the Purina line.  I have a flat-coat retriever who has a bit of a sensitive stomach and this seems to agree with him much better than the other foods I have tried -- including &#34;premium&#34; brands.  I was told that the Lamb is probably the easiest / blandest on the stomach so I stick with that.By purchasing this via Amazon's subscribe and save, the food costs less than purchasing locally at the store -- with free shipping due to prime.This is the only food I will feed my dogs.[NCJVR]
My family and I have dogs of various sizes and have always fed them Purina made dog food.  It's not only a name we know and trust, but it's also moderately priced.  The Purina Pro Plan most definitely fits our expectations for our two 50 pound and over dogs.  It is made with high-quality ingredients which include chicken as the first ingredient, and it is formulated to help support joint health and mobility.  In addition, Purina has a &#34;complete satisfaction or your money back&#34; guarantee.  Therefore, I highly recommend Purina Pro Plan.
purina makes some good quality dog foods. this one is one of my dogs favorites. the dogs love it. my vet recommends it too. i am very happy with this product. it comes in other blends too. thank you.
My dog has tried a fair amount of different dry foods (hill's ideal balance , purina's chef michael's, purina's beneful, and gravy train) but so far Purina's Pro Plan series have been the most well received. My dog has also tried another one of these in the Purina Pro Plan series, 'Sport All Life Stages Performance 30/20 Dry Dog Food'. Overall he definitely liked the taste of that one more; but he also gobbled this one up pretty good. I havent seen my dog have any digestion problems caused by this dry food.My only complaint is that there is no zipper or anything to close the package after opening it... so you will need some storage area to keep it fresh.
I never seem to go wrong with Purina products. I especially wanted to try this one due to its healthy ingredients.I would caution people who try it, do not make an instant change to this product from whatever you're using because it caused, at least in the case of my two mutts, some diarrhea. I backed off it and then started mixing it in with their regular food (Hill's Science Diet). After that, everything was okay and I can now feed this product without blending it with anything else.The dogs were pretty excited to get something new so I've decided to rotate their dog foods, definitely including this one.Highly recommended.
My first reaction to these when I opened the pack was "Wow, they smell good enough to eat!"  I'm not sure that matters, since some of my dogs' favorite treats smell like something I don't even want to touch (check out their most favorite sometime, Icelandic fish skins -- ick! I have to face the bag away from me when I open it.)  Nevertheless, it moved the Newman's Own treats up a notch in my own preferences.Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I have to confess that I have Cardigan Welsh Corgis, a breed infamous for its hearty and undiscriminating appetite.  Having said that, they loved these treats.  They found it hard to sit still to get one (standard house rules) because they had to wiggle and wag and be all-over excited about them.Each bag contains only 10 ounces of treats, which does make them expensive, but good ingredients never come cheap (if price is your only deciding factor, brace yourself before you go look at those fish skins).  Given the healthy ingredients and my dogs' reaction to them, I would certainly buy them again.
My ten-year-old dachshund loves these! How much does he love them? Two weeks ago, he hid under the bed and whined. I took a packet of these treats and began opening the packet, he ran out from under the bed in anticipation and into the kitchen.My miniature dachshund is fed the very best of homemade organic diet (a take on the Spot-Stew diet). He is not a picky eater but will rarely go crazy for treats that are not home-made.The reason I like Newman's Organics is because finding organic lamb to incorporate in my dog's diet is impossible. Finding organic lamb meat is almost as hard as finding unicorn meat. These treats allow diversity in his food (he usually gets chicken, turkey, or tofu with oatmeal or brown rice and a variety of vegetables).The ingredients listed on these treats are organic barley, organic lamb, organic carrots, organic apples, organic palm oil (preserved with mixed tocopherols, a source of vitamin E), organic molasses.The analysis listed on these breaks down as follows: crude protein - 9.0% min, crude fat - 4.0z% min, crude fiber - 4.0% max, moisture - 11% max.I'd definitely say these are dog and owner approved!
I am pretty particular about what I give my dog for treats. She has always had a funny tummy. If she gets something not right with her she vomits and gets some digestive issues going. My sister has long been a fan of these treats so I decided to give them a try.After giving my dog one treat a day for a couple of days they seemed to agree with her stomach and she moved up to a couple a day. She responded well to them so they get the thumbs up there. She is also fairly motivated do things for them as well.They don't have any odd odor and there isn't any residue left in my pocket from carrying them around for awhile when she is out and about with me.Overall, they are a high quality treat with a decent treat value (in dog terms). I'm not sure how often I will purchase them, but from what I have experienced with them right now I would certainly consider it.
My dog loved these! Normally Reily, my 106 lb. male Golden Retriever, just inhales the occasional treat we give him. He's a big, tall, muscular dog who acts like his stomach is a black hole, so things are barely even chewed before they disappear down his gullet. He actually took the time to chew these and even appeared to be savoring the taste of them!They were a nice size, not tiny but not too big to be a mouthful. The texture of the treats was nice and fresh, the ingredients so nice sounding that, heck, I'd eat them!Reily is almost 10 now and has entered that senior mentality of laziness where unless you use the serious tone of voice when issuing commands he ignores you. Except for these biscuits! He was all too eager to please for a reward of Newman's Own! My only suggestion...make bigger bags.
These treats were a big hit.  The dog loves these treats. They are rectangular but are scored so that you can break each treat into two squares if you prefer smaller treats.  These do not have the typical unappealing smell of most dog treats; they almost smell like a treat suitable for humans.  I like that they are not full of preservatives.I have made my own dog treats in the past in order to avoid the preservatives and additives but they are a lot of trouble to make.  This product is a good alternative to making my own.
When this arrived, I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the bag.  I was expecting a little sample bag but received a full 10-oz sized bag.  Looking at the purchase price on Amazon, I think this is very fairly priced.  At $23.60 for a 6-pack, that is just a little under $4 for each bag which is very competitive with other dog treats - many of which have lower quality ingredients.Speaking of ingredients.....Lamb?  Barley?  Organic.  Okay, I'll admit it - I just had to try one myself.  They're hard so I had to soak it a little but they are actually quite good.My dog is a 45lb mutt who will eat anything, so it doesn't surprise me that he took one with alacrity and I didn't see it again.  I also keep chickens and it occurs to me that for a little protein boost, this would be a fun way to treat them too.  I'd have to soak them for awhile but I think they will also be getting a treat.The only thing I would like to see added is another version of this treat that includes glucosamine.  My dog has severe hip dysplasia and we supplement him with glucosamine twice a day.  He doesn't love the pills and administering them is not a fun job, but because we can tell a different when he's on them, we persevere.  However a treat like this that he wolfs down, that includes the glucosamine?  Now THAT I would be willing to pay good money for.  And as common as this disorder is, there would be a huge market for a product like that.
The second you open the bag, you can tell these dog treats are quality. There's actually an aroma to them -- not like a delicious gourmet aroma, but still, they smell like actual baked food instead of smelling like pressed carboard / sawdust, which is sorta what I think when I smell cheapo dog treats.My small dog (Cavalier King Charles) loves these treats, but the problem is, they're almost too hard for him to eat. He has the small teeth and 'soft mouth' characteristic of his breed and has trouble crunching these up. It's actually a good thing, because it forces him to 'savor' the treats (AKA they last longer), but it's something to consider if your dog is old/missing teeth.Other than that, these treats are great. I don't always buy Newman's Own products, but know when I do that I am purchasing quality products from an ethical company.
My four mixed breed dogs (40lbs-100lbs)gobble up Newman's Own dog treats.  But, these terrific dogs gobble up just about anything (except fresh green leafy vegetables), so perhaps their standards shouldn't be the mark of "goodness".I'm an ingredient list reader for all foods (human & animal), so that is what I did when I received the Newman's pet treats.  The ingredient list is short & consists of the following:Organic Barley, Organic Lamb, Organic Carrots, Organic Apples, Organic Palm Oil (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherois, a Source of Vitamin E), Organic MolassesThe treats themselves are rectangular & scored in the middle.  They are 2" x 1-/4" for the full size & 1" x 1-1/4" for the 1/2 size.  They do not have a strong smell, but a hint of apple is noticeable (& a grain smell, which I presume is the barley).  My 10oz bag came with 18 full size treats.I like the rectangular shape of the treat.  Sometimes my large dogs get excited about treats & forget about "nicely".  With the rectangular shape, my hands won't fall victim to an enthusiastic chomp.  Since the treats are scored down the middle, I can break them down, so my older, smaller dogs can easily eat the treat.Overall, I think the ingredients are excellent for a dog treat, and it is nice that they are adaptable for different sized dogs.
These look like regular ole dog biscuits. They don't have a strong smell so you can hold these and the smell will not stay on you hands for a while like other treats. You can put these in your pocket and not worry about crumbling or smell in your pocket if you are taking your dog for a walk. We have a rottweiler and he eats anything you put in front of his face. What's great about these is that they are a lot better and healthier than other treats. Like others have said these are pretty hard. I tried breaking some that are stuck in half and it is pretty hard to do. So, sometimes our dog gets lucky with two treats.
These ranch style dog treats are made with all organic barley, and contain no wheat or corn.  They are roughly about 1.25 x 2.25 inches a piece in rectangular shape, almost like a fat fig newton. My 10 oz package had a total of 16 biscuits.  Upon opening the package, it had barely any smell to them.  Almost like a bland cookie smell.  The package doesn't have a recommend serving suggestion, but I would basically give my dog 1 to 2 treats a day.  The cover says the treats are baked in small batches.  They have been certified organic by Oregon Tilth and are a product of New Zealand.I gave these treats to my 80 lb Lab mix and he tore it up.  He must enjoy them because he keeps staring at the bag sitting on my desk, even as I type this review.  However, my dog doesn't discriminate between organic treats or Milk Bones, he'll eat whatever and begs for treats all the time when he sees them.Guaranteed Analysis on package says:Crude Protein  9.0% minCrude Fat  4.0% minCrude Fiber  4.0% maxMoisture  11% maxI would try these again in the future and recommend them.
I was skeptical, little Ms. Pepper can be finicky.  We were at a pet store recently and the pet store told us that every dog loves their treats, and our dog turned up her nose and walked away.  She had no interest.  She loves treats, she just doesn't want dog treats.So we tried Newman's own treats - and I like Newman's own values and mission - and she mowed down like nobodies business.Today, I opened the bag, and I kid you not our schnauzer started shaking, wagging her whole butt.  (and she's not an excitable animal)  She stood on her hind legs and pranced about.  I was completely amused.  I told her to sit.  (she's also very stubborn)  She sat, her little paws shaking, she wanted that treat so bad.  I said take it like a lady.  And ever so gently she took the biscuit.  And then she ate like a hog.The biscuits are bigger than the treats we normally give her.  They smell fresh.  There doesn't appear to be any artificial color in it, at least it doesn't stain her beard.  I really feel good about giving Pepper these treats, and she seems pleased as punch to get them.  I've honestly never seen her that excited about a treat.  We'll have to get them once and awhile, she actually listens when these are waiting in the wings.*UPDATE* We just bought more of these for Ms. Pepper and I'm not kidding you, when she saw the bag she did a little dance about sat at my feet and just waited.  Once she got her treat she took off running with it just in case I'd changed m mind, and she devoured it like a little pig!
We have a two spoiled dogs who really enjoy their treats.  While they are somewhat like pigs when it comes to their extra dietary choices, they have been known to show greater enthusiasm for some.  We have also found that so many of these treats on the market are unhealthy and mostly comprised of fillers and junk.  We decided to try the Newman's Own because it was organic (which we like for ourselves so we thought it would also be good for our treasured pets), and it looked like it was a total package healthy choice treat.  We have also used other Newman's Own products for our personal food selections and have never been disappointed.  These treats quickly became the favorite choice for our dogs.  Our English Setter began salavating as soon as we opened the package.  If these don't make your dogs wag their tails in appreciation nothing will.  I have even thought of trying one myself, but whenever I open the package the dogs come running and since I don't allow them to eat my treats I would feel bad to eat theirs.
The jury is in.  They voted as followed:1. Nena (I love 'em!)2. Grizzly (I love 'em!)3. Samantha (I love 'em!)4. Toya (I love 'em!)They were unanimous in their opinion!  Newman's Own does it again withtheir Organic doggy treats.I'd like to think that Paul would be proud of the ongoing achievements'of the company that bears his name!I rate this product:  5 stars!
I received one 10-Ounce packet of Lamb and Barley dog treats from the Vine program. The treats are fairly large but they are creased and can easily be broken into two treats. My Dobie is a big boy and eating the treat unbroken is his preference. Actually, eating anything is his preference. He doesn't really "eat" in the true sense of the word as much as he "inhales" anything he considers edible. The treats have a very slight odor but sufficient for him to gulp them down in a NY minute. He would never be mistaken for a picky eater.Like most dogs I have ever seen or owned he is not driven by a gourmet mentality but performs more like a vacuum cleaner when it comes to absorbing anything he deems worthy of ingesting. That makes it very difficult to evaluate this particular treat. Based on his performance when offered one of these goodies I can find no reason to deduct any stars and therefore must award this product the maximum five.
Tried these on our two Schnauzers----they were impressed!  These are rather large biscuits that are made to break in half which makes them a perfect size for a snack or reward.  They have a good crunch which I think is good for dental health.  Anyway, I have a box of Alpo Variety Snacks and a box of Milk Bone Flavor Snacks to which I compared ingredients.  They both have artificial color, Alpo lists animal digest, whatever that is, while Milk Bone won the contest with all of those ingredients that no one can pronounce.  I would list what makes up all three but think it would not be too interesting and you probably have at least one of the listed brands if you give your pet treats.What sets the Newman's Own apart is the simple list of Organic ingredients including lamb, carrots, apples, molasses, barley and tocopherols for Vitamin E.  It is made in New Zealand where they raise a lot of lamb, so this seems just the perfect place. The bottom line is our dogs think Pa and Nell Newman have a great product and would highly recommend it to their four legged friends.  Life could not be better than living with happy dogs.  So, on their input I must give this product a five star rating.
These dog treats were an instant hit, and unlike most, weren't simply swallowed whole and followed by a happy grin waiting instantly for more.  My "big girl" actually laid down to eat her half of the treat, making sure she got every crumb before attempting to wheedle the other half.  The pickier smaller dog also liked hers, and the list of ingredients is sure to please a picky mom too--it didn't have a long list of unpronounceables and less-than-appetizing ingredients! (organic barley, organic lamb, organic carrots, organic apples, organic palm oil (preserved with mixed tocophenals, a source of vitamin E,) organic molasses.)These are BIG biscuits, but they are scored to easily break them in half to double the fun of treating your pet to a healthy and apparently tasty treat. The package is resealable, which is nice if you try to dole out treats and keep your four legged buddy's waistline in line.These definitely got my dogs woof of approval, and were liked as well as homemade "cookies" without all the work.  I really like the heartier size too, as these cookies are substantial enough to encourage chewing by the greediest of dogs.  I like that I can break them in half for my smaller dog, as well as to stretch out the fun with the "big girl" of the two.  While neither of my dogs are "picky" eaters, they really seemed to enjoy these cookies more than most, and we've tried a LOT of kinds, including making our own.
My 65 pound hound loves these treats, and she isn't normally a fan of lamb. When given the blind 'taste' test (this treat in one fist, another treat in the other fist), she chose this treat every time.  Smaller dogs may have a tough time, however, because these treats are hard as a rock and come in the bag as two treats joined together (each square is about 1.5x2 inches), which are not that easy for me to separate.  The dog loves the flavor and we like that they are organic and not simply made out of wheat or corn (which she is allergic to) with a flavor added.
These are a hit with my two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels.These are nutritious snacks by the one and only Newman's Own company.I've been a Newman's fan ever since I've got hooked their tasty pasta sauce (I love Sockarooni the most).My dogs love these and I'm sure yors will too! Very Recommended.
As our household attempts to eat better quality products, we've taken to trying to do the same for our favorite four-legged friends...unfortunately, the dogs seem to prefer hot-dogs over organic treats every time. We've tried local home-made peanut butter ones that seemed to rank one wag and a yawn. We tried another major brand organic treats that resulted in a look like "are you kidding?". We even tried a different Newmand's that ended up getting tossed - the dogs literally wouldn't touch them and acted outright offended at the suggestion this was their "treat". On the other hand, these were a hit. Rather than acting offended, they actually seemed to enjoy these. Bottom line - pooch approved.
The ingredients are natural and acceptable for my mutts. I always feed them natural or organic food and snacks.They loved these Newman snacks. As I said, 4 Paws Up!
These two dogs, Red & Zazu, are very tolerant of visitors, ready to offer a lazy tail wag for a friendly hello. Today I went in with the closed and sealed bag of Newman's Treats  The minute I opened the door, both dogs were on their feet, wagging all over, to greet me.  I have never seen these pups so excited to see me!  Was it my new haircut?  I think not!Each dog was delighted to get a treat... and another treat... and another treat, until I decided I'd better put the bag away or see them both explode.Newman's Treats are definitely doggie-approved.
Newman's Own Organics Dog Treats - It was a nice surprise to see a quality made, healthy treat made for dogs.  The bag comes with a zip lock top to keep the treats fresh and makes for easy storage after it is open.  Each treat is scored in half so you can break it down to a smaller size.  A whole treat was great for our basset hound and 1/2 of a treat worked best for our beagle.  It would be nice if they came in an even smaller size too, as the 1/2 was a bit much for our terrier.  They are too hard to break in 1/2 again without additional scoring.  Our basset hound often has a sensitive stomach, so the organic ingredients made it a safe treat that she loved. There is no greasy residue, like some special diet treats can have, and they are crunchy enough to help keep our dogs' teeth clean.  I would definitely recommend these to our friends who have dogs with food allergies to corn or wheat.  This is a quality product that our dogs enjoyed and I would purchase in the future.
Of course most dogs do love a treat, but I have found some they actually wouldn't eat.Not the case here.  These are light and come where you can break them in half for small or larger dogs.Although more pricey then say Milkbones, you know exactly what's in these treats.  No added preservatives, etc.I've tried several of Newman's products and have found them to be excellent in quality.... plus the company donates a large portion of their profits to charity.Buying this product for your dog not only makes the dog happy, but you can rest assured you're purchasing from a quality company.Thank you.MEF
Newman's Own is a quality company that manufactures quality pet products.  I was surprised that my dog did not care for these treats.  I purposely researched these treats online and they do not lack in quality.  Just because my dog did not care for these, it doesn't mean that it shouldn't receive 5 stars.
I feel good about giving these to my dog because of the organics bit. I have one of those dogs who will eat almost anything. She sits pretty for these, then takes them. She doesn't devour them immediately or swallow whole like she does a lot of other snacks I give her. She drops, sniffs and then carries it off to eat slowly under the bed. That's probably not a bad thing. It also may have something to do with the shape. They are rectangular, about 1&#34;x 2&#34; and about 1/8 of an inch thick. They are scored so you can break them into squares. They are very dry, crunchy treats. I believe that is the reason she drops them and picks them up is because of the flat wide/long shape; she has to get them situated in her mouth. She is an 8-year-old, 21 lbs mutt...looks like a miniature Chow Chow or a really large Pom...meaning she has a normal snout, not like a pug or peke. Anyway, these are slightly too large for her mouth, so if your dog is smaller, they may not work so well.
Taste wise, these treats have "paw's up" from our 5 dogs. We have a yellow lab who absolutely loved them, a few bites and it was gone. She had no problems chomping it up. Our maltese took her time and ate every last crumb she could find. Our shih tzu did the same. Their offspring had no problems as well. Our maltese is a mere 9lbs and I did not need to break them in half. I do like the fact they have the line down the center for easy breaking in two. Our eldest is quite picky, she is 17 and has years of experience with treats. Dispite being picky and not having many teeth left, she did take half of one that was offered and ate it. Mind you- she is a slow eater and can still chew hard treats and food. So 5 out of 5 taste wise.Parent wise, as their owners we want them to eat healthy food with the right ingredients and these fit that criteria. They are not only tasty but healthy. Because they are a dry treat they leave crumbs. Some dogs will clean the crumbs up like mine; however some eat the larger pieces and leave the rest of the mess for you to clean up- so keep that in mind especially if its on a carpet.
My dog will eat a lot of different treats, but it usually takes her a while to warm up to a new one.  When a new treat is introduced to her, she normally acts like she's holding out for something "better" and will try to wait me out.When I gave her one of the Newmans Own "cookies", she grabbed it right away.  These treats are VERY hard.  After reading the reviews, I watched her while she tried to eat it.  Her first attempt didn't break into the treat at all and she had a strange look on her face.  She dropped the treat and immediately picked it back up and bit harder.  She loves the treats and now knows it takes more jaw power to eat these than it does her other treats.I definitely wouldn't recommend these to somebody for a puppy, old dog with weak teeth, or a small dog (my dog is about 28 pounds and did fine).  I have to give it a 5 star rating just because of her immediate love for them, even though I can understand other dogs could possibly have issues.
My big yellow lab was initially unenthusiastic about these treats, I think primarily because they seem different consistency-wise than the dog snacks she's used to (bones).  These are sort of like a hard cookie, and they don't smell bad the way that some dog treats do.  After initially leaving the treat alone she came back to finish it and now she'd eat them all day if I let her.  I have a big dog, but it seems like it would be difficult for a smaller dog to eat because it doesn't break up that easily (although there is an indentation in the middle that makes it easier to break it in half if you want to).
I have three dogs.  Two cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier.  They all have their own favorite treats, but this one is one that all of them enjoyed.  It was nice for a dog treat to be healthy and taste good.  I liked the fact that the treats can be easily broken in half and they are hard and dense enough to take them a while to eat.  This is a very good product.  I will continue to buy them for my dogs.
I have 2 large dogs, one of which is rather picky with treats.  They eat these up.  I like the fact they are organic and healthier than rangular dog treats you get at the grocery store, which you have no idea what some of the ingredients are in a lot of those.  These treats aren't very good smelling or nice to look at, dry brown squares, but I'm not the one eating them. I would definitely choose these over other crap that is on the shelves.
I've got an out of shape Jack Russell and a diabetic chihuahua.  They are definite chow hounds but are a bit spoiled when it comes to treats -- they have developed discriminating palates.I watched closely when introducing them to these Newman's Own Organics Lamb/Barley Ranch Style.  They were a little puzzled at first . . . . The texture of these treats is extremely hard and crunchy and they are in an irregular square shape and have a rather "handcrafted" appearance.  The chemical free nature of these and the  hard texture have obvious health benefits.  The taste test? . . . . .In short, after a couple of introductory feedings, my dogs absolutely love these Newman's treats.  They snatch them and immediately retreat to munch and enjoy in private and with gusto.  And I feel like I'm providing a quality wholesome treat.  I'm very happy with this product.
I just fed this to my cat and he loved it. But it seems pretty much the same as giving your cat a can of tuna. It flakes like real tuna, it smells like real tuna - it is real tuna. I give my cat a can every now and then, so I am not sure I'd bother buying these treats specifically since I tend to keep tuna in the cupboard anyways. But he did totally chow it down and so for that, I give it five stars. It would also be a nice stocking stuffer (for us pet lovers that give our pets Christmas presents) or to bring to a friend who loves their cat, or to people out there who's grand-babies happen to be grand-kitties instead. I can't imagine any cat not loving to chomp into this seafood treat.
These are what I would call Tuna Bars.  They were cause for quite a bit of excitement as I opened the package to provide my cats' with a treat.  Even the dogs gathered round, and would not budge until they too partook of the goodie (the package says it's okay and good for dogs too).This tuna is moist and the bars measure 4-1/4" x 1-1/8" and a little over 1/4" wide.  I broke it down somewhat for the cats, and served larger pieces to the dogs.  Inside the outer package, the tuna is packed in a thick plastic bag with a secure sealer which is good for spoilage reasons and for maintaining the moisture in the tuna.The package informs one that the tuna is grilled, all natural (wild caught), hand cut, high in Omega 3 fatty acids, a product of Ecuador and dolphin-safe (we want to protect those dolphins!).  It should be refrigerated after opening.The nutritional information is:  protein min. 28%; crude fat min. 2%; crude fat min. 2%; sodium max. 3% Omega 3 fatty acid min. 200mg.; Omega 6 fatty acid min. 17mg.And isn't this nice--It is stated on the package:  "We do not fish for 4 months of the year so that the fish populations can remain in balance with nature and our needs."  Would that were true for the rest of the world's fishermen.What's not to like about this product?  I can't think of a thing.  And neither can my pets!
Within seconds after I received this treat package, it was empty.  My cats were ecstatic -- tuna, tuna, and nothing but tuna.When I ordered this treat, I expected tuna-flavored treats.  Nothing of the sort arrived.  It was grilled tuna in a small amount of juice.  And on opening the package, I immediately was surrounded by three demanding cats.  They all got a share, and there was even enough for my dog to enjoy a bite.Honestly, this tuna looked good enough for any human to enjoy.  Of course, it's too pricey for their every day consumption, but for a once-in-a-while treat -- it couldn't be better.  At least that's what the cats said as they licked their mouth clean. And it's a product of Ecuador, not China.Five Stars!
I've tried several versions of the cat chews/supplements made by Pet Naturals and so far my finicky cat has enjoyed each kind. His favorite is the hair ball remedy, which I've purchased several times now because it has helped cut down on his constantly hacking up hairballs. Even after having a few, he always begs for more of those.Each time I get him a new version of these Pet Natural chews, he runs to them, eager to get his daily treat, then realizes as he sniffs them that they are a different version than the previous. He contemplated this Skin and Coat version a little longer than the others, but after a few seconds he gobbled it up. I think the taste with these must be a little stronger than the others, because while he did eat it, he didn't beg for more like he does the other versions. He likes these, but one is plenty for him. Whereas he would eat as many of the other chews as he could convince out of me.These are duck flavored chews, so if your cat enjoys the flavor of duck, he/she may eat these. In the past we had one cat who wouldn't eat anything if it wasn't seafood flavored (not even his dry food), so if your cat is a seafood kitty, he may not take to the duck flavor.
I am amazed at what vitamins can do for a cat. I have a 20 year old cat, that looked pretty poorly at he start of summer, after being on several joint chews and adding this , she looks amazing! lost weight, nails and coat are much better, out in the garden more. much more sociable.
I have 6 cats and this is the most popular treat yet.  I have to be careful to be fair and divert the more agressive cats or they will fight over them.  My old cat is the one with the bad coat but it has been improving very well with these.  She also gets a joint supplement one.  Her coat is filling out nicely and she is looking a lot better, much less ragged.  These don't bother any of my cats, even my puke queen who throws up with every new thing.  I've had NO episodes of tummy upset with any of the cats.They are little fish shaped treats, brown, and feel moist to the touch.  I would suggest having another bag of treats nearby that they can have extras of, because they want more than one. They are only supposed to eat one treat each a day, but my cats got in my desk drawer and drug the treat bags out.  This one was the one they wanted- they chewed a HOLE in it and got a few of the treats out.  They were all ok though.  They didn't get the whole bag, but just a few, I guess 5 or 6 maybe they managed to chew out of the bag, which is a heavy plasticy-foil bag with a zip top.  The top held well so they just tried to get in the bag.  IF the bag had been paper or a bag like party treats came in, I've no doubt they would have ate the whole bag.  I keep them in the fridge now, because they OPENED that drawer to get to them.
Calico likes these (and she's quite the picky girl!).  She's twenty years old, and her coat has been looking a bit...sad, as the coats of elder cats is want to look.  Using these consistently seems to improve the appearance of her tail (it was thinning rather noticeably).  I would recommend these, particularly to the owners of elderly cats.
I've used Pet Naturals products for years. At one point, I honestly believe one of their products saved the life of one of my dogs.Long story short, she had an underdeveloped digestive system. We tried everything (we lovingly call her our million dollar baby, between tests, meds, and vet bills)but it was Pet Naturals digestive support that got her back on track.This may not be a miracle product, but it seems to be helping with shedding. Once in a while these 'treats' are met with an upturned nose, but funny thing, they eventually disappear. Purrrrrrfect!
Well as I have mentioned in other reviews, I raise German shepherds. I thought I would give this a try, after all they are a little spoiled. They were very excited. They thought it was some type of water toy. It must be theirs, after all it was in their bowl. A couple just sniffed and pawed at it, the older ones. The youngest one submerged her muzzle in the water basin and came up with the prize. Thankfully there was a connector area on the chord. Therefore as she pulled the pump to show off her trophy,  it disconnected itself from the power supply. After that I used it only for the older dogs. It kept the water moving and clean and their minds off the toilet. It is the same concept as a fish tank filtration system just scaled down. Changing the filter requires you to remove the device and open it up. Not complicated just a hassle. It is about the size of a computer mouse. It has a long chord attached. It would be great if it was battery operated. All in all it is a good product for smaller or less rowdy dogs.
There is absolutely NO predicting what an animal will do!!!  I have an issue with my Australian shepherd by-passing her water dish and heading straight for a recirculating fountain where the water hasn't been changed for weeks. eew!  I thought "Wow, she will love this!"  Wrong. She has totally ignored it so far. However the instructions say it may take the animal a few days to adjust. I have a bitchy little Himalayan cat who is suspicious of everyone and EVERYTHING so most people don't even believe I have a cat because they've never seen her.  As soon as I plugged the fountain in there she was sucking on it!!  Go figure.The fountain is very quiet, easy to get running,,,just wash the filter and plug it in. I didn't need to adjust the flow.  The little white egg shape motor housing blends right in with the bowl. The suction feet hold it to the bottom and another suction cup holds the cord neatly to the outside of the bowl. I had a handy receptacle so that wasn't an issue. I don't think I would leave it plugged in if I planned to be away from home for a while or overnight. My water dish is big and heavy enough so that it is never turned over or emptied but that might be something to consider if you have rambunctious puppies.
I'm just the ghost-writer here.  The true reviewer (my dog) loves the taste!  And I'm pleased with the list of ingredients and the fact this is a crunchy food which is good for her dental health.  The niblets are just the right size for a smaller (20 lb.) dog too.  I really don't have anything negative to say about this product.  At first I thought it was a bit pricey but actually given that it's a 6 lb bag it's less expensive per pound than the Science Diet that I normally buy. All-in-all a good product, a good value and one that I can easily recommend.
I have tried any number of dry dog foods and many are simply not "acceptable" to my Basenji.  Not only will he not eat the stuff, he will turn over the dish, scattering it all over the floor - requiring a vacuum to clean up.He liked this right from the start.  I put a very small amount in his dish and he gobbled it up and looked for more.I received another variety - the "Nutrish Chicken and Vegetable" dry food from the same maker.  I mixed these together and I think he likes the combo even better than each on its own.
I'm sold on this limited ingredient dog food.The ingredients are :Lamb meal, which contains more protein than fresh lambBrown riceGround rice, or rice flourbeet pulppoultry fatCompared to other dog foods, this one does seem more healthy.Different breeds of dogs do have different nutritional needs, some need more protein than others, ect.My dogs love the flavor and eat it very readily.This dog food is made in the USA, which is also very nice. Since my dogs love it and my vet approves, I'm considering switching over to this food.
Only six main ingredients, all wholesome and natural, and vitamins and minerals, without the normal long list of fillers and preservatives.  Lamb is the first ingredient.  No corn, wheat or soy.  No questionable ingredients, like almost all of the other foods that I've seen.  The chunks are small, semi-round and dark brown.  They smell OK, with no strong scent.  My dogs love them, including my somewhat picky Papillon, and I feel good about feeding it to them.  Give it a try.  I think you and your dogs will like it.
One of the things I don't like to see in a so-called "natural" dog food are ingredients that are really off-the-wall ingredients, but I'm not seeing anything in here except perhaps the debatable Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex.  My dogs aren't going to eat piles of this ingredient, so the issue is rather a moot point.  I really go over dog food ingredients with my vet because I have one dog whose seizure activity can be exacerbated by treats or foods.  People often start yelling about things like corn not being digestible, allergies to wheat and/or soy, so this is a food that many will appreciate.  I have a friend whose dog does have these allergies and her vet bills are high because of the prednisone he has to take.The ingredients are somewhat different that foods I've used in the past, but don't appear problematic, especially with the elimination of the soy.  The Rachael Ray Nutrish Just 6 was a hit even before it got out of the packing box (as were the others that arrived).  And so, the real question is, is do they like it?  Both dogs are checking out the bag and sniffing around theirVittles Vault, a secure storage container (awesome one actually).  The kibble is not overly large and can be easily eaten, even by my smallest dog.  It's a good quality food that both dogs like.IngredientsLamb Meal, Brown Rice, Ground Rice, Dried Beet Pulp, Poultry Fat (preserved with mixed tocopherols), Natural Chicken Flavor, Sodium Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source of Vitamin C), Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of vitamin K activity), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic Acid.NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION:Crude Protein (Min) 20%Crude Fat (Min) 13%Crude Fiber (Max) 7.0%Moisture (Max) 11%Linoleic Acid (Min)  1.5%Calcium (Min)  1.1%Phosphorus (Min)  0.9%Zinc (Min)  250 mg/kgVitamin E (Min)  225 IU/kg"Rachael Ray Nutrish Just 6 Lamb Meal & Brown Rice Recipe Dog Food is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO (Association of American Feed Control Officials) Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for maintenance of adult dogs."RECOMMENDED DAILY FEEDING:Adult Dog Size:5 lbs.  3/4 cup10 lbs.  1 cup20 lbs.  1-3/4 cups40 lbs.  3 cups60 lbs.  4-1/4 cups80 lbs.  5-1/4 cupsOver 100 lbs.  6-1/4 cups--plus 1/2 cup per every 12 lbs. Above 100 lbs.
This food came along for my dog at just the right time. She has severe allergy problems and lamb kibble is all she can tolerate. Unfortunately, however, most lamb kibble also has not so healthy or necessary ingredients such as corn and other grains that dogs don't really need. In fact, corn raises blood glucose levels and should be avoided in pet food.I'm not convinced that dogs need rice either, although this food contains brown rice and ground rice (it doesn't say what kind of rice the latter is). But the most wonderful thing to note is that dreadful ingredient that it is hard to avoid in almost all dog foods is absent:  byproduct meal or fillers. That is just nasty stuff and I hate giving it to any dog.Another plus is the beet pulp, a fiber source, and lots of vitamins and minerals.And to top it all off, there are no food dyes, artificial preservatives or flavors.My dog loves it and I feel so good offering it to her. I would say that her itching and scratching due to food allergies has lessened considerably and I have only been feeding her Just 6 for a few days. It will definitely be her new and far better diet.
The less ingredients the more pure it is.This dog food has no corn wheat or soy. No by-products or fillers. No artificial flavors colors or preservatives.The extra benefit from all that is that my dogs really love the taste. I don't even need to add a bit of condiments ( by condiments I mean a bit of wet canned dog food or table meat scraps). They devour it just the ay it is! My dogs are very partial so that's a big compliment from them to Rachel Ray.Another bonus is that some of the proceeds go to Rachel's Animals in Need.It's healthy they adore the taste and buying it helps unfortunate dogs. I call that a perfect product.Highly recommended!
I have tried a few different Rachael brands- My greyhound likes this one, he gulps it down. Rated medium on popular dog food sites for the price its a great medium quality food. I like the fact as she donates a portion of the sales to her foundation for pets as well- A nice food, no complaints!
I have a large pack of dogs and some of them can be very picky eaters. When I opened this bag of dog food everyone of them was interested. I handed out a few pieces to each one just to see who would and who would not eat it. Much to my surprise they were all interested in eating the new food. This dog food gets 2 thumbs up from me and lots of paws in the air from the dogs!
This dog food is another great addition to this line. With a limited ingredient recipe you can feel good about what your feeding your dog.No corn, no wheat , and no soy. Just six natural ingredients plus vitamins and minerals. My dog whined the whole time this was on the table till i finally let her try a cup.I like knowing that my dog isn't eating a bunch of mystery ingredients. This is one dog food i will for sure get more of in the future.
I have many dogs that all in my household love dearly. We feed them good food, but they don't often get a treat such as this one. I took their normal food and put it in their pans and took some of this food and mixed it in and gave it to them. I sat back and watched what they would do. I never saw so much 'sniffin' in my life, they knew something really good was in there. I have to say I watched with amazement and a giggle as they pushed their food around with their noses and picked out the 'good' stuff. Yes, they still ate their 'regular' dog food, but not until they were done giving me a look and letting me know they wanted more of the 'yummy.' I don't know what it taste like, but I do know they loved it and wanted more. A little pricey to buy for so many dogs, but if you can afford it, I know your dogs will love this one. I think my dogs are praying I will win the Lottery(so am I) so they can have this everyday. According to the reaction of my pets, this one is truly a taste winner and good for them as well.
This seems to be a pretty good dog food.  I ordered it specifically because of the "limited ingredients," which really means less grains and starch fillers than a typical dog food.  My dog has bad food allergies and easily gets an upset stomach if he eats grain-filled food.  No problem with this Rachael Ray stuff.  He also likes the taste and has normal bowel movements.  Check marks in all boxes.  Pleased with a good product.
One of the things I don&#8217;t like to see in a so-called &#8220;natural&#8221; dog food are ingredients that are really off-the-wall ingredients, but I&#8217;m not seeing anything in here except perhaps the debatable Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex. My dogs aren&#8217;t going to eat piles of this ingredient, so the issue is rather a moot point. I really go over dog food ingredients with my vet because I have one dog whose seizure activity can be exacerbated by treats or foods. People often start yelling about things like corn not being digestible, allergies to wheat and/or soy, but if you object to it, you can simply pass. My vet is not overly alarmed at the corn because, as she claims, it&#8217;s a vegetable. My dogs don&#8217;t have allergies to either wheat or corn so I&#8217;m fine with it.The ingredients are fairly similar to another dog food I&#8217;m using for my small dog and if it creates any problems we&#8217;ll switch foods. The Rachael Ray Nutrish Healthy Weight, however, is lower in fat than both foods I&#8217;m already using. And so, the real question is, is do they like it? Both dogs are checking out the bags and sniffing around their Vittles Vault, a secure storage container (awesome one actually). The kibble is not overly large and can be easily eaten, even by my smallest dog. It&#8217;s a good quality food that both dogs like. Actually, one of them was so excited he guarded the empty bag for quite some time.INGREDIENTS:Deboned Turkey, Turkey Meal, Brown Rice, Ground Rice, Whole Grain Corn, Soybean Meal, Dried Plain Beet Pulp, Corn Gluten Meal, Chicken Meal, Oatmeal, Natural Chicken Flavor, Poultry Fat (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Ground Flax, Salt, Dicalcium Phosphate, Dried Peas, Dried Carrot, Dried Tomato, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Iron Sulfate, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source Of Vitamin C), Calcium Carbonate, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Vitamin A Supplement, Selenium Supplement, Biotin, Riboflavin Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Cobalt Sulfate, Folic Acid.NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION:Crude Protein (Min) 26%Crude Fat (Min) 8% (it&#8217;s usually 15% in other brands)Crude Fat (Max) 10%Crude Fiber (Max) 6.0%Moisture (Max) 11%Linoleic Acid (Min) 1.5%Calcium (Min) 1.1%Phosphorus (Min) 0.9%Zinc (Min) 250 mg/kgVitamin E (Min) 225 IU/kg&#8220;Rachael Ray Nutrish with Real Chicken & Veggies Dog Food is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO (Association of American Feed Control Officials) Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for all life stages of a dog.&#8221;RECOMMENDED DAILY FEEDING:Adult Dog Size:5 lbs. 3/4 cup10 lbs. 1 cup20 lbs. 1-3/4 cups40 lbs. 3 cups60 lbs. 4-1/4 cups80 lbs. 5-1/4 cupsOver 100 lbs. 6-1/4 cups--plus 1/2 cup per every 12 lbs. Above 100 lbs.
My dog loved this dog food. To be fair, she loves all food, but she especially loved the Racheal Ray dog food and was not happy to go back to her regular fare.
We got a 6oz sample in the mail.  We use them as treats for our 10 pound, 13 year old miniature fox terrier. She still eats them like they are kibble crack.  The best thing was there were NO digestive issues adding them to her diet, no getting sick in any way.  And I really like the idea that they are lower in calorie as well as nutritious. We give her 1/2 a cup a day and also 1/2 a cup of wet dog food.Product Features: for adult dogs. Healthy weight recipe.33% less fat10% fewer calories (than original Nutrish).No turkey by-product meal or fillers.No artificial flavors,NO artificial colorsNO artificial preservatives.Product info:Deboned Turkey, Turkey Meal,Brown Rice, Ground Rice,Ground Corn,Soybean Meal,Dried Beet Pulp,Corn Gluten Meal,Chicken Meal,Oatmeal,Poultry Fat (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols),Natural Flavor,Ground Flax,Dried Carrots, Dried Peas, Dried Tomato,Salt,Dicalcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, L-Carnitine,Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate,L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source of Vitamin C),Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, D-Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Sodium Selenite, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate,Pyridoxine Hydrochloride,Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (Source of Vitamin K Activity),Vitamin B12 Supplement,Potassium Iodide,Cobalt Sulfate,Folic Acid.10 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 3/4 cup, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 1 cup. Adult Dog's Current Weight:20 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 1-1/2 cups, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 1-3/4 cups. Adult Dog's Current Weight:40 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 2-1/4 cups, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 3 cups. Adult Dog's Current Weight:60 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 3-1/4 cups, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 4-1/4 cups. Adult Dog's Current Weight:80 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 4 cups, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 5-1/4 cups. Adult Dog's Current Weight:100 lb plus, Feeding Amount Per Day for 25% Calorie Reduction: 4-3/4 cups - plus 1/3 cup per every 12 lb above 100 lb, Feeding Amount Per Day for Weight Maintenance: 6 cups - plus 1/2 cup per every 12 lb above 100 lb.
While there are major improvements over other mainline supermarket canine fare to this food, such as 33% less fat, 10% few calories, real turkey and the addition of L-carnitine (80 mg), it still contains fillers that are not especially good for dogs, especially ground corn and corn gluten meal and soybean meal. Corn raises the glucose level of dogs.The addition of vegetables is desirable: peas, carrots and tomatoes. And there is a nice assortment of vitamins and minerals.If your dog(s) has any allergy problems, however, the Rachel Ray Just 6 Limited Ingredient Lamb kibble is a better choice. One of my dogs has severe allergies and Just 6 has cut down on her itching and scratching circa 80%.My four dogs find this Nutrish Healthy Weight extremely tasty and the size is perfect for both toy and larger dogs. Not too small and not too large.Above all, it is so refreshing to see that the dreadful animal/poultry byproducts are not ingredients in this food. Ms. Ray is to be commended for that!Except for my dog with allergies, I will feel very comfortable, even relieved, to be serving Nutrish Healthy Weight with Turkey and Veggies to my other three dogs. It is far superior to any other dry dog food you will see on your grocery store's shelf.
Our smaller-than-miniature schnauzer really likes the Rachael Ray Nutrish Chicken and Vegetable dog food.  But when we noticed that this "Turkey Recipe" had less fat and a few less calories, we decided to give it a try.  Our dog is not fat:  He is short and sturdy and built somewhat like a Mack truck with a solid chest and rib cage area.  But why not try a less-fatty product if it's available?Our little buddy didn't seem to care (who knows if he noticed...) that we changed flavors:  He still gobbles it up.  And it wasn't always like that:  We used to give him Science Diet i/d because the vet said it would help his digestive issues.  Well, some people may insist that Science Diet has "better" ingredients, but our dog is doing just fine with this product.  He is happy, healthy, and full of energy. And if he's happy, we're happy.  Plus now, during the summer months when he slows down a bit because of the hot Texas temperatures, his weight is still optimum.
For years, we fed Chewy (a 70 lbs doberman/shepherd mix) Blue Buffalo brand dog food. But then the local pet store jacked up the prices and the other store in the area stopped carrying it. Most of the good choices found in pet stores are excessively priced, and most of the stuff found in supermarkets is full of corn or wheat (and as my vet says "How much corn do you think wolves eat in the wild?"). After several fits and starts, we transitioned Chewy to Nutrish and have been very happy with the result. He's had no issues with digestion and is full of energy despite the fact that he will be twelve years old this June (for an "old man" he runs circles around us...both literally and figuratively!). He loves the turkey flavor in particular and (when purchased at my local supermarket) is competitively priced with other brands.
First of all, my dogs love this.  The food is all one color and is in an approx. 1/2 round ball like shape.  The first ingredient in the Healthy Weight variety is deboned turkey, and the rest of the ingredients are dried rice and other grains, followed by dried vegetables.  I didn't see anything I couldn't identify until the very end of the long list of ingredients.  So, it appears to be very wholesome dog food from what I can see.  One real nice thing is that part of the proceeds from this dog food go to an organization called Rachael's Rescue, where several different dog charties are supported.  That's something I feel good about.  I'd definitely buy this on a regular basis.
I foster labs for a local rescue. Many of them struggle to loose weight, and this food is a flavorful food they munch down fast.. The quality of Rachael's food lines are medium quality and the price point is nice- She also donates a percentage of the sales to her foundation to help pets- A nice food for picky food eaters who need to loose, or maintain their weight!
I have 3 adult dogs that range in sizes from less than 25 pounds to nearly 100 pounds.  Rachael Ray's Nutrish Healthy Weight Dry Dog Food was perfect for all three, because it comes with recommended serving sizes per day depending on their weight - for 25% calorie reduction, as well as for weight maintenance.  My dogs loved it, and best of all, they did not experience the change of food diarrhea that they get when I've had to change their food brand in the past.  Rachael's dog food number one ingredient is turkey (no bi-products), and it has no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives.  Other ingredients include brown rice, and veggies.  It is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the Association of American Feed Control Officials (AAFCO).  In addition, proceeds from Rachael's dog food go to charities that take care of animals that have no one else to look out for them!
I'm not a real picky pet food reviewer and I don't try to force human food standards onto pet foods (I find that to be unreasonable and rather whiney). My take on Rachael Ray Nutrish Healthy Weight Dry Turkey:The main ingredient is deboned turkey . . . followed by a lot of other things, some of which looked good, some vitamins, some of it a mystery, but no red flags.  And OF COURSE it has some ground meal ingredients in it, otherwise it wouldn't be called dog food, it would be called dried turkey.  And you'd pay one heck of a lot more for it.  1/3 less fat.  1/10 less calories.  Made in USA (an issue nowadays, with some of the imported food being toxic).  The odor from the bag was not personally appetizing, but neither was it unpleasant.  So I have no issues with the content and quality of the food as described on the bag.My 2 taste test subjects are both rather elderly and a bit overweight males, a Jack Russell and a Chihuahua. They are spoiled and get treats several times a day and cruise the food dish only out of boredom, a quick pick-me-up, or simply a territorial security check.  I switch foods once in a while to provide variety.  Only quality foods and no bargain brands.  Good results when I introduced this Rachael Ray Turkey.  Their interest in their food dish picked up to what was marginally "eating with gusto".  The low fat aspect of this food made me feel a little better about their gluttony, which will likely abate when the "new" wears off of this food.In summary . . . Rachael Ray Nutrish Turkey passed the ingredients/health test, taste test, and smell taste.  Ok for 5 stars from this dog owner.
Rachel Ray's line of dog foods are perfect for our smaller picky breeds.  Turkey is a particular is a favorite in the puppy bowl.  They do not seem to be as picky and spend time "sniffing around" the different kibbles.  The little dogs eat it up and seem to be healthy as ever without ay digestive issues.  It is nice to be able to read the ingredients on a bag of dog food and actually know what all the ingredients are.  I feel confident feeding our most prized pets this brand of food and will be making it a habit in the future!
I gave this item 5 stars for several reasons.  Nice packaging, what appears to be a pleasant tasting product for my three dogs and the appearance of the product.  It seems to me that this product is made by a reputable company and as far as I can tell over the last two weeks that I have been giving this supplement to my dogs, all is going well.  Since this is a product that is working on my dog's digestive system I can only guess that it is doing what it is supposed to be doing.  I will share with you that this product has been given to my three dogs, a senior citizen golden retriever, an 8 yr old pug and a 3 yr old papillion.  They all given outward appearances of enjoying the taste (no ones complained at all) and they have no signs of having upset digestive tracts because of taking it.  My bet is that all is going well since I see no negative side effects.  Therefore I would say this is a recommend to buy.
We have 2 rescue dogs that were medically complex. One in particular seems to have the most sensitve stomach ever. We've tried keeping the diety steady over long periods of time, changing to very high end foods, supplementing with eveyrthing from yogurt to papaya upon the advice of our vet. As for treats...forget it. Just last week we went to our favorite doggy bistro for a cookie break which ended up upsetting his stomach for the next 24 hours.So, not really knowing what to expect, I first tried this out on the less sensitive dog who LOVED his new treat. The next dog was equally happy with the flavor and after several days, no sign of this upsetting his stomach...a MAJOR issue since nearly every new treat tends to do so. Whether or not it will actually help with other digestive issues over time remains to be seen but so far so good!
Since these worked so well in the cat version as a sort of "Tums" aid, I was pleased to try these on my family's dogs to see if they worked to improve their lives. I'm impressed with how well they do the trick. Also, by all indications, they taste good.Their bowel movements are firmer and less stinky, which makes yard cleaning and indoor accidents a bit easier. They make my chihuahua's poops more like tootsie rolls than the softer, messier kind (sorry if this is TMI, but we ARE discussing digestive supplements).The older dogs also seem more peaceful and alert when these are used on a daily basis. There is also less farting.I think I will keep them around for as-needed use, but I was curious about daily benefits. If they were cheaper, I would consider adding these to their daily regime as a "vitamin". As it is, I will just use them as medicine, for when changing their food brands, or when traveling, to make their tummies more comfortable.I break the bone-shapes into two pieces for the toy dogs and use them whole on the medium sized canines.I'm so impressed with these probiotic pet supplements that I am thinking to find some human ones for me. :-)
My dog really likes the taste of these!  He's a large dog so I give him 2 at a time, but I can tell he wants more.  My cat seems quite interested in the smell of them and seems to want one as well.My dog can be choosy about treats and it's a great testament that he enjoys these.  I love that they contain probiotics and enzymes to help with his digestion.  They do contain different flours and meals, like rye and oat, but they are very small in size, almost like a large cat treat size, which is a bit teasing to give a big dog, so I consider them more like tasty medicine than a treat and give him other treats for being good.The ingredient list looks wholesome and designed to help with digestion. It would be good to give these to dogs without digestive problems after they have to be on medications and antibiotics too.
My mutt sleeps under the bed, right under my head.  All night long she reminds me that she's there by blowing stinky butt kisses.  I really do love that dog in spite of it.It took about a week on these before I one night I wondered where my sweet Reidell was sleeping.  There she was, right under my bed as usual.  But no stank flatulence, at least nothing that woke me up like it so often does.  The only difference has been these treats.  Nine years I have dealt with that stench.  She's always had digestive issues and I have to be careful about what food she eats or stinky gas isn't the only gift she offers.  These have seemingly made a real difference.
My dog Button is a very picky eater and has spit up some medicinal chews I have given her before, but that is not a problem with these from Pet Naturals. Sometimes she doesn't seem to have any appetite for any food and sometimes she overeats her food and the cat's food too. Since she has been eating these chews, she seems to have a more balanced appetite. She is eating her food like she wants it and is not finishing off the cat's food. Also since starting these I have not seen her eating grass like dogs do when they have a sour stomach.Overall, I think these chews are a good additive to your dog's diet and will contribute to their continued good health.
This is such a great brand. I have used some of their other products, but this is the first for the duck flavored Daily Digest. My dogs go CRAZY when I get the bag out. They love these things. Both of my dogs are 45-50 pounds, so these are actually kind of little for them - but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. And sometimes I'll give them two. One of my dogs (Luna, English Setter) is prone to upset stomachs so I thought this would help. She's been a lot better lately, no acid reflux! Anyway, I definitely suggest this if you're looking for a healthy treat with natural probiotics. Can't beat healthy and delicious for your puppies :)
I have a dog with a sensitive digestive system. I tried the Pet Naturals 'Scoot Bars' because they contain just enough pumpkin that they would give most dogs firmer stools. Because of her fragile tum, the bars were no help.Enter Daily Digest. In only a few days her 'daily business' was easier cleanup.Few products give such a fast result. I can't say if it was because of her particular issues, or if most dogs would have the same outcome. I have two other pups that do not have such issues (loose stool and digestive problems) so for them it's 'business as usual', LOL!
Occasionally my chihuahua has some stomach and bowel problems so she can use all the help that she can get.  She is a very fussy dog with all treats and food, but she actually likes these.  They are very tiny bones, I don't know why they didn't make them larger so that the dog could enjoy it more.  This is a supplement, actually not a treat.  You only give it to the dog once a day for 20 pounds and under or twice a day for over 20 pounds.  My other dogs love them also.  This product also has probiotics, essential for a dog's good health.  There are 60 duck flavored chews in the bag.  I've never seen a duck flavored chew before.  But they like the taste, that's all that matters.
I think my cats wish that this was a treat instead of a nutritional supplement.  They love the taste and come running when I dole this stuff out each day.  I can only assume that it is doing good work on their digestive system.  This is a recommend to buy.
In fact, I never even got the chance to give them! I left home for a couple of hours yesterday and came home to find that my brain damaged little Meez had stolen and eaten not only the whole pack of these but also its companion,Pet Naturals of Vermont L-Lysine Fish-Shaped Chews for Cats. Sigh. They were hidden, but apparently not well enough...MOST highly recommended as seriously yummy by wobbly Boboli!
I can't always afford to buy Iams food and when I buy Purina or Friskies my cats like it but seem to eat more often and they have a little pucking going on from time to time. This seems to have helped them digest their food better so that doesn't happen anymore. Good for me and good for them...
After trying the hairball remedy from the same company (people loves the idea...cats not so much), I was a bit concerned whether this would be "cat approved" or not. However, the cats seemed to like this one quite well once they got around to actually trying it. You know how cats can be...something new and they suddenly have no interest whatsoever. Our cats are older and one is medically needy so I really like the better quality treat.I've never given my pets anything from this brand but after trying out several, each has been a huge hit other than the cat hairball remedy. Aside from that single exception (which the cats are slowly starting to warm up to by the way), all the others have been a huge hit.
My cats find these delicious, even though they are supplements and not treats. They are semi-soft, shaped like little fishes, and smell nicely earthy. The bag is resealable.I have four cats (one is still a kitten) that are indoor/outdoor, and when they are outside they find critters to kill and nibble at. So sometimes they find something to eat that messes up their digestion. These supplement help with that.What I do is keep them in a little container WITH their treats, and if one of them has any intestinal issues (with the litterbox, or by being gassy), then they get one of these instead. I never have to give these out more than one or two days - they do a good job, and the litterbox even smells better.If the supplement has any calming properties, I haven't noticed that, but I see the Amazon blurb suggests these chews do help a cat's mood. I would consider any stress-relieving a bonus, and stick with using these as a sort of kitty "Tums". There are other supplements made specifically for calming.Recommended!
I have two cats with digestive problems.  One has frequest hairballs and the other has megaesophagus.  When they go through spurts of constipation and diarreah, respectively....I give them one of these for a few days, and it seems to get them back on track.  It's hard to know if it's the supplement or just nature that does the job, but they certainly seem to recover quickly. Both of my cats love the taste of these and at the least I can feel good giving them a treat that may help them feel better as well.
I have always had problems giving anything medicinal to my pets. One dog I had would eat everything in the bowl but his pills. But with these the only problem is keeping them from eating more than one. The good news is that Pet Naturals makes several different types of chews for cats and dogs so they can have more than one chew a day.This one is for digestion, remember cats are meat eaters and far too many cats foods have too much grains and not enough meat in them. These chews will help your pets with the digestion and absorption of the nutrients in most cat foods. This is especially important for cats that are indoors only. Outdoor cats will eat grass to help with digestion problems, but cats that are indoors only can't get to it. This treat and the hair ball treat will help your indoor cats stay healthy.
People are finding out how beneficial it is to incorporate probiotics into their diet.It's just as important for dogs and cats.If your pet is elderly or has a sensitive tummy, it's especially important. Pet Naturals of Vermont is the brand I trust...a few years ago we nearly lost a pet with severe digestive issues. It was Pet Naturals digestive support that saved her, after we had tried just about everything else.
I used this to deter animals from coming at night and snacking in my garden.  Rabbits, deer, and other creatures were feasting on vegetables I had worked so hard to tend.  Then I received the Havahart Spray Away Elite 5268.  The first one I received was damaged in shipment.  I called Havahart and they were so nice.  They set the standard in customer service and had a new one to me in a few days.  Assembly was simple and I set it on my porch to charge in the sun.  After 5 days I tried it out at my garden.  I move it around (it is very lightweight even with the water) and the condition of my garden shows me it works.  I have also used the trap and release method of protecting my garden, but that only worked with small creatures.  I highly recommend the Havahart Spray Away Elite 5268, it is easy to use, there are no pesticides, and it is humane.  Thank you Havahart.
I tried everything to keep a pesky peeping tom neighbor out of my yard and even a judge ordering a restraining order and the police could not keep him out.  But theHavahart Spray Away Elite 5268 - Motion Detector Sprinkler Animal Repellentsucceeding when all else failed!  He was willing to risk being caught on security camera and arrested by the police but add being sprayed by water during his trespassing attempt and video tape uploaded to YouTube and all of a sudden he sees himself humiliated instead of powerful and stops trespassing!  It works on rascally rabbits, too!This motion detector was easy to set up and maintain.  It reliable works much better than I anticipated.  No more annoying critters in my yard!I can not recommend this motion detector sprinkler enough!Thank you Havahart and Vine!  You saved the day and my yard!
We have two motion detector sprinklers set up in our back yard to water flowers and trees.  It's always interesting because our biggest dog knows how to set them off on unsuspecting victims - mostly the puppies - but often the children.  It's always an adventure.I had more trouble with the front yard and the dog walkers.  People walk and jog and ride bikes up and down our street all day.  (It's kind of silly, really, because then they buy property on our street and clear-cut trees to build houses.)  My dog is like a driver in a Third World country - he likes to bark to tell me he sees someone, not unlike the horns you hit every time you see a car.  Anyway, he has to come in sometimes and that's when the dog walkers strike.  Why do they think they don't need to clean up after their dogs?  This is not a dog park.  It is a street with houses on it.Since I can't stand there and spray the dog walkers with the hose every time they let their dogs in my yard, I have found this to be the next best thing.  It's a lot like I'm standing there getting ready to spray them because I know their dog will trip the sensor.  It's a gorgeous thing.This took a lot longer to charge than the five days that it says - at least in Michigan it takes longer.  It was probably closer to ten days but it probably had more to do with the light source.Its ONLY flaw is that my husband emptied it out and brought it in for the winter.  I don't know WHY he had to do that.  It was a brilliant form of entertainment.
I've been needing something to keep cats, dogs, rabbits, possums, armadillos, deer, and other critters out of my garden areas. Nothing ever seemed to work for long. Mothballs, hosiery stuffed with human hair, chemical repellants, whirlygigs, and all of that stuff just either didn't work or only worked for a few days at most. The Havahart Spray Away Elite Motion Detector Sprinkler really seems to do the trick though. With an adjustable sensitivity and adjustable spray coverage area, solar powered rechargeable batteries, and self contained water tank that doesn't rely on a hose hookup, this thing really gets the job done day after day with no inconvenience to the user. I can't really think of anything bad to say about it. It simply works.
I already have the other type of motion activated sprinkler which uses a hose for the water supply.  It works really well, but it's not very convenient to have to deal with dragging the hose around and making sure it can reach where it's needed.  I'm not real thrilled about having to leave the faucet on all the time.  However, it's a very efficient little gadget.The new Spray Away Elite eliminates the problem with the hose and it works very well!  I love the fact that I can take it anywhere in the yard without having to worry about leaving the hose around or turned on. The solar panel keeps the unit charged and I don't have to worry about batteries. I had to charge it up for a few days before I tried it the first time, per the instructions.  I filled it with water and tried it out and it worked like a charm!Right now I'll use it to help deter the neighbor's dog from soiling my front lawn.  I'm really looking forward to using it next summer to set between my raised bed gardens.  It should help deter the rabbits and other little animals from eating my vegetables.The unit is easy to carry and it doesn't look bad in the lawn.  I'm really very happy with it and look forward to the benefits it will provide.
I started noticing a difference after 48 hours in my 13 year old daschaund after starting use...it has been 4 days and I am glad I got this from vine and am sure I will buy more for my old boy
I've used another much more expensive powder that my dog wouldn't eat once on her food.  This stuff obviously smells and tastes good to her because she eats it.  It is a natural salmon flavor but doesn't stink.  My dog has hip dysplasia and her vet recommended she take stuff with glucoseamine in it, like this powder.  I like how it is made in the U.S.A.  Since she likes it I will keep buying it.  I haven't gone through the whole container, but she is 80 pounds and I use 2 tablespoons a day so I don't know how long it will last.
These are a nice size treat for a large dog. They are flat so easy to store better then bone or round treats, and they do not smell nor leave that greasy felling on your hands from touching them like some treats have. They are a little harder so they are not eaten to quick.... Love them and will order. I got them from vine so there were not 5 pks of 60, just 1 pack, but I am a-ok with that~!!
These FunBites are more of a mini rawhide bone than a meaty treat. They have actually worked out well for my large dogs because 2 of my 3 pups inhale regular dog treats so fast I'm convinced they never even know what they taste like. With these, they are forced to slow down and actually chew their dog treats.Because of their size and shape, you get a bunch of them in a single bag, making one package last a long time. Our large dogs (75lbs, 60lbs and 30lbs) are able to gobble these up pretty fast, but smaller dogs I'm sure would be able to enjoy chewing on these for a much longer time.Our largest dog, a purebred (I mention this because purebreds often suffer for more aliments) fox-red in color male hunting lab has a super finicky stomach. He can't even be fed things like table scraps of steak or chicken without issues arising. These treats don't bother his stomach at all. He's also the pickiest of the eaters, not always interested in just any kinds of dog treats. These have quickly become his favorite and he likes to chew on them for a few minutes before gobbling them up.Our other two dogs (a smaller yellow female lab and a male mixed breed) also love these treats. These two are the ones who usually inhale any food related object without chewing. These treats force them to slow down a little and actually chew their snack.These are a great dog snack to have on hand and as soon as I run out of this first bag, I plan to order several more to keep on hand!
Our dog loves these.  For some reason, he gets more playful when given one--he keeps it in mouth and does this dance routine before settling down to enjoy his treat.  The true test is that I gave one to my sister's dog when she was over with her rottweiler. Her dog will eat almost any people food but absolutely disdains dog treats.  Well, she took this one from me (I expected her to drop it on the ground and walk away) then she and laid down and ate it immediately. I am impressed!
The surprise for me with these sticks is that they are very thin.  Looking through the "window" of the packaging I was expecting a stick around the size of a cheese stick but when I opened the package I found that each stick is only about 1/8" thick (duh, I know, how else can they fit 60 in the bag?).  Anyway, this opened up a new possibility for me that is working great.  I have a Kong-type toy, that has a narrow slit to put treats in.  This stick fits perfectly in the slit.  I break the stick so that it is marginally shorter than the toy, slide it in, and it keeps my dog busy for a little while as she tries to get it out.I'm not sure how to describe the consistency.  It is not brittle like rawhide and not so flexible that it bends.  It breaks very easily and is easy to break so that you end up with the specific size you need.As for the dogs....well, my dog likes it well enough to keep working at the toy until she gets it out and can gobble it down, so I guess it gets a "paws up" from her.
My dog is a pit/boxer mix, so she's about 36 lbs, and these were small treats for her, which she enjoyed, but a smaller dog probably could probably also eat these treats. There were 60 treats per bag with a resealable pouch to keep the treat fresh.  She chews them up and swallows in about 2 minutes tops.  The entire thing gone, so I'm guessing she liked the taste.  She proceeded to eat them entirely for the next few days. The treats are slim jerky treats, that splinter a bit as she chops thoroughly, but it didn't seem sharp or dangerous to her mouth. Satisfied with product.
My dog loves these and they are a good supplement to the dog's meal.  Since my dog loves FunBites, I use them as a special treat.  The dog can chew this easily and even older dogs with dental issues enjoy FunBites as they can gnaw on them.  FunBites are more "chewable," thus the appeal for dogs of all ages and dental stages.These flatsticks are ideal for combating "death breath," the strong breath that my dog has.  FunBites also help keep dogs' teeth cleaner.  Use this together with a doggie toothbrush.  The rawhide provides fiber.  Since it is made of  beef hide, rice, flour and dextrose, pets are getting carbohydrates as well as fiber in their diets.Since it is such a big hit with my dog, rest assured this will not go uneaten for 7 days, per manufacturers' warning.
This will be a short review. My lab mix sniffs at these, takes them very politely out of my hand, carries them to his 'eating rug' and then you would think a whole herd of wild animals was eating in there. How can such a small strip of 'treat' make such a loud crunching noise?!I have been looking for different ways of at least helping to keep his teeth cleaner from tartar buildup, etc. His breath does seem to be better.I'll buy these in the future because he gives them his approval.NOTE: I'm dog-sitting for my son's dog, a shepherd mix. She watched while my lab mix grabbed his treat and ran off to enjoy it. She sniffed hers and walked away. How strange that dogs have mixed opinions on these. She will normally eat anything, which makes it even stranger.UPDATE 1 DAY LATER: Now the shepard mix, my son's dog that I'm dogsitting for loves these treats that she scoffed at yesterday! She practically inhaled hers this time, 30 seconds or less. I almost didn't even offer it to her after she turned up her nose at it last time.I'm just very happy that my lab loves them, because anything that helps him keep his teeth is worth it to me. His breath is continuing to be better, which is a very good thing!
I have three dogs and they all loved these. Even my oldest dog, who is incredibly picky about his treats, eats his right away. The sticks take a few minutes for them to chew and they all eat every bite.
I received these FunBites from Amazon to review, or should I say my dogs to review, and they absolutely LOVE them! Most treats are just for flavor but these are actually nutritious which is wonderful since one of my dogs is 12 years old and the other is 5 (in human years). They have no smell to them and the dogs gobble them up in just a few bites and beg for more. It will be at least a couple months of trying them out to see if they actually help out especially since my older dog had osteoarthritis in her joints but we'll see. At least I feel good about giving them a treat that is nutritionally beneficial!
I don't know what else to say!  She is a finicky eater and she really likes these.  They take her a little while to chew up, and I like that.  I feel like they might be good for her teeth.
My dog is the most finicky canine I have ever encountered. He was a 5-year-old rescue when we brought him home three years ago, and it took a lot of effort to find a dog food he would eat more than once or twice. Even then, he picks out the flavors he likes and leaves the rest in (or around) his dish.Nigel is a 13-pound miniature poodle. He gets two treats daily, a Milkbone during the day and another treat (such as a Begging Strip) in the evening. Each time he gets a treat he trots out to the family room and sits on the floor, where he can triumphantly devour his prey.The first time I gave him one of these Calcibones (in place of the expected soft treat), he eagerly took the treat and went to the family room--where he dropped it on the floor and ignored it. I picked it up and tried again. He licked it and didn't seem very enthusiastic. Eventually, he ate it. The fact that the cat was trying to get to it may have encouraged him to stop wasting time and chew.These treats are very hard and crunchy, and may not have been what Nigel was expecting. However, since that first time he has eagerly taken the treat from me and it is usually gone before I know what happened. I don't think my little dog could eat one of these in one bite, but he sure doesn't take long to make them disappear.They seem to be about the right size for a small dog. Although the package says they are for dogs from under 10 pounds to 75 pounds, they also say you should choose a treat that is slightly larger than your dog's mouth. As with any rawhide treat, you should supervise your dog while he is eating these treats. (Of course, if I blink I miss Nigel eating it. He is fast!)If your dog is finicky or has specific expectations about treats, he may be hesitant about these at first. However, like Nigel, if your dog tries them he will probably discover that he loves them.
So far I have given this to two dogs.  One is a very picky eater and the other could care less if something was covered in pond water.  The picky guy ate the thing and wanted another.  The less then picky guy swallowed it in like two gulps.  What was neat about the item was that it had to be chewed.  My big dog likes to swallow things whole and he didnt on this one.  This is decent because it will then be able to do what it is supposed to do and clean their teeth.  I will be updating this review in about a week to see if the dogs breaths are any better.  Presently my large dog has breath that could kill someone at 30 paces.  So far everything is great and both of my dogs, one being about 10 lbs and the other being 50 lbs were able to eat the bones without an issue.  There are many times that dog chews are either to difficult for a smaller dog to ear or to small for a larger dog.  The size of the chews are right where then need to be at least for that range of dog.
I have a 100+ lb rottweiler. I am not sure he chews these. He probably just swallows them. The sticks are not that big. They are probably a little less than the length of a US dollar bill. They are not that hard either. They are pretty easy to break with your hand. My dog seems to like them but then again he will eat anything. These are great since they don't stink your hand and won't leave any residue either. My dog probably needs something bigger but these are great to have on hand as a snack for him. If it were up to him he would eat the entire bag in a minute.
I really liked these treats. At first I thought they were just your standard rawhide strips, but they are a bit different. They can be broken into pieces by hand if need be and they don't have that funky odor most rawhide is covered in. The dogs ate these eagerly and finished them off quickly with NO mess of any kind on my floors. (Normal rawhide treats tend to leave a waxy residue) The dogs were able to chew on the Flatsticks and still get a bit of a crunch from them, yet they chewed like a rawhide too if that makes sense. Almost the entire pack liked them - the 16 year old Ridgeback didn't finish his, but he's ancient and doesn't appreciate a chew treat as much as he used to. One thing I did note was that these are made in Mexico, however the ingriedents were eastily recognizable and it was a short list. I will buy these again.
This is the third FunBites dog treat product we have used and reviewed.  (Please see my previous reviews concerning the FunBites Digestive and FunBites Skin and Coat treats).  I know this sounds like a broken record, but it is evident that someone really got it right with all these FunBites treats.  These too are great... our dogs love them and actually go into "drool mode" whenever they see us with one of these in our hand.  They don't do that for just any treat.  This treat is something they actually chew and their teeth are kept clean in the process.  With some of the harder, stiff, rawhide treats they seem to be chewing them, but it doesn't seem they are getting the same level of enjoyment from them as they do with these treats.  You can hear the crunch.  I have seen the benefit these treats provide to our dogs and I think you will too.
I cannot vouch for the health benefits of this dog treat because I am not a vet, but I do know that if you have the most healthy treat in the world and the dog refuses to eat it, it is useless. My dog really likes these treats so that right there makes them a winner. The fact that they could have a health benefit as is just a bonus.
These chews are definitely a hit in my home with my four dogs.  The two large dogs (German Shepherds) couldn't believe their good fortune when I offered a chew each to them.  Now these chews are tough - I tried to cut a chew in several pieces for my two smaller dogs with scissors without success.  I was able, however, to twist the chew in half.  All of my dogs were very excited about the flavor.It takes them some time to chew them down.  The large dogs ended up with some small pieces in the end.  Although they are hard, apparently the saliva moistens and softens the beefhide.I was wondering what exactly beefhide is and learned that it is premium rawhide make from corn-fed cows raised for consumption within U.S. borders.  It is considered to be a high quality chew.I was concerned that some of my dogs might swallow, rather than chew, the beefhide, but that didn't happen.  If it had happened, I wouldn't have given it to that particular dog anymore.  There are obvious dental benefits and they satisfy the dogs' inherent desire to chew.All in all, I see no problem, but only benefits and enjoyment for my canines.  However, the first time feeding a chew I would watch a dog closely to make sure all is going well.These are flat sticks, and I was amazed at how many there are in one 17.5 oz. package.  It is a somewhat heavy package because there are 60 of them.  Quite a bounty.I don't like to overdo chews so I plan to offer these several times a week only.  They seem to be safe and a very pleasurable treat.
Great way to keep you dog healthy . Our dog thinks they are really tasty and wants more than 1 at a time.
I have shitzus that have crooked teeth , hence they do get plaque build up . After giving them these Fun bite flat sticks for a little over a week I have seen a reduction in the plaque.Besides the fact they like them ! Its win-win. I will definately buy them !!I think they would be great for any size dogs but I"m glad they're good for smaller dogs too !!
My small dogs love these and they are a good size for smaller dogs. They last quite a while and dogs like taking them to their beds and chewing on them all day. I also haven't seen any stains on the carpet from them like from some chew bones/food.
After reading some reviews that their dogs didn't like them, I was a bit worried as my dogs can be picky at times.  But no worries here, my dachsund and sharpei mix gobbled these right up!  My big mix practically woofed it down to the point I'm not sure he chewed much so I'm not sure he got the full effect, but my little guy enjoyed it, so I'm glad they like these treats and they're good for them, so thats what matters to me!  I am always looking for new ways to get some healthy into my boys as I'm sure most dog owners are so when I seen these I thought they were worth the try, and the boys like them so I'm recommending them!
I'm very picky when it comes to dog treats. I want something healthy and with some added nutrition. The calcium is most welcome especially with my big dogs. The sticks are just the right size and don't smell too awful bad. My mutts are super chewers but it still took them a couple of minutes to devour them up. The cat even managed to steal one and came back begging for more.I give these 4 paws up!
I have went thru every pet treat product out there over the years trying to get my 4 girls to eat them. They would have nothing to do with any of them so I didn't think they would eat these either. I was surprised when they gobbled them up and begged for more. I am so relieved as these are full of calcium and look like they would be good for your pets health.
I was very pleased with these dog chews.  Both of my dogs loved them, even the one that usually buries his treats ate his right up.  One of the best things about these treats is that they are fairly hard and take the dog a few moments to chew up and enjoy.  I like that much better than a soft treat that is gone in a flash and they are begging for more.  The enjoyment from these treats lasted quite a while.  Also, the texture looks like it would be good for helping to keep the dogs teeth clean. Gidget and Lex give these treats 'Two paws up'.
Getting treats for our papillon is always a challenge - he can be pretty picky about his snacks, although he rarely turns a nose away from a good rawhide/pig ear type treat.  I usually don't like giving him too many rawhide treats because I hate finding bits and pieces of stinky unchewed hide all over the house.  FunBites Flatsticks helped fill that void for our dog - they don't smell, leave bits all over the place, and our dog can chew on it just long enough to enjoy the treat, but be motivated enough to get more later!He loves these flatsticks so much that he's willing to run through all his tricks to get one - and with 60 sticks in a pack, he certainly has enough to keep him entertained for a while!  Highly recommended!
We don't actually agonize over our dogs' teeth to the point of daily brushing--we really value having all our fingers--but we do like to give them treats that will support better dental health since we don't want them to suffer. What do I know about what a dog will find appetizing? When I opened the FunBites FlatSticks, I noted that they were flat, shiny, and hard, looking a little like flatbread, but a bit less palatable.FunBites FlatSticks are "calcium fortified for strong teeth & bones," and you know what? My dogs couldn't care less. What they do care about is that I don't dilly dally when handing them out. Both our puppy and our senior dog immediately took to these treats (we don't tell them they're healthy snacks), and they aren't beneath demanding more. That doesn't mean a lot with the puppy, he'll eat anything--prescription eyeglasses, cat box contents, appliances--but the senior tends to turn her nose up at an awful lot of the treats we offer her.  But not these--we have to keep them locked up or they'll disappear overnight.
Both Emily and Sadie gave these tasty treats two paws up.  They have just the right amount of crunch to help clean their teeth and they don't leave a mess on my floor.  They also don't seem to bother Sadie's sensitive stomach since she hasn't puked once since I started giving them to her.  That makes them both Mom and Dog approved.

I wasn't sure when I first opened them - I liked that the bag is really big - with 60 treats per bag being pretty generous compared to the regular megamart brands we usually buy.  Now, my dog can be really picky - he will not eat milkbone or any dog bisquits.  He likes the jerky treat type snacks and the rawhide snacks, and pig ears.What I wasn't sure about was the look of these - they look like strips of rawhide but they are hard and glossy looking - they almost look...fake...like they've been painted with shellac.  And they were hard, and well, I wouldn't eat it.  But I wouldn't eat any of the stuff he eats so I figured, 'Well, he eats bones, these can't be any harder than bones...'So I offered him one and he sniffed it and took it, and went to lay down.  It lasted maybe 2 minutes.  He's a chocolate lab.  He can't eat wheat flour, because it makes the hair fall out on his butt the same day he gets into some, but these have rice flour in them.  He's been eating them for a while now and he hasn't lost any butt hair yet, so his allegy hasn't been triggered.He still likes them.  He doesn't look quite as happy as when he gets a piggy ear, but he does eagerly take these and he chomps them down.  I haven't found a scrap yet, and I noticed his breath has been a lot better, which is a HUGE plus.  Since nothing in his diet has changed, I'd attribute his better breath to these treats ability to keep his teeth cleaner.  That alone makes me rate these a 5.
I have a Jack Russell mix who can chew anything, and a Shih Tzu who is older and has difficulty chewing hard cookies and rawhide. Fortunately, these treats are easy to break apart and very easy for both dogs to bite through and chew. The Shih Tzu seems to like the flavor more, which is a real surprise because he's a far pickier eater, but it's popular with both. I'd buy it again.
I have two yellow labs and they love these treats.The bones are kind of like a jerky rawhide combination. For a big dog it takes them about 3-5 minutes to devour them.It appears to have natural ingredients and doesn't upset their stomachs.I will continue to get these treats for my dogs.
I thought these FlatSticks Calcibones would be one of those "treats" that, while good for my dog, would taste like they're good for her.  Luckily, I was wrong.  These are one of Lady's favorite treats, and she'll come running when I open the bag, no matter where she is in the house.  Lady, a 90-pound black lab gives these treats two paws up!  (She also begged me to keep getting them). So as soon as Amazon gets them back in stock, I'm putting these little gems on Subscribe & Save.Lady loves them for the taste, and I love that they're good for her oral hygiene.  Pssst.  Just don't tell Lady these are good for her.
I shared these with my five housepets, ranging in age from 3 years through 10 years, in size from eight to twenty-five pounds.  There were no complaints.  They did take them more eagerly if I broke them, to release some appetizing aroma.  The sticks felt a bit sticky to touch, but did not leave a residue on my hands, nor on carpet.  No disgestive upsets followed the snack experience.
I was concerned when I ordered these that my dogs might not like them. One of my dogs in paticular is quite a picky eater. Much to my amazement all my dogs loved these treats, even the picky eater. Not only are these treats a hit taste wise they also offer the calcium that all of my dogs, no matter what their age, can benefit from. These are a hit in this dog loving house!
My dog Button (Part Corgie, Part Toy Collie) is a very picky eater. More than once I have found her eating the cats food because she did not like a new food I got her (luckily the cats will eat her food). I have given her treats and watched her bury it right in front of me.But when I gave her one of these Flatsticks, she loved it! I include one with her supper everyday now and they come 60 to a bag, so these will last longer than most treats.And since the Flatsticks have Calcium and Phosphorous, they are very good for her as well.
First and foremost, my dog loves these. I didn't think that he would because when I opened them up there wasn't a fun smell- more like a cardboard smell. The Funbites also have a strange texture to them. (He is picky!) I was SO wrong. He LOVES these things. He plays with them, takes awhile to chew on them, flips out when he sees me grab the bag. And the best thing is that they're relatively healthy. I love that they have calcium in them and his teeth are noticeably whiter in just a week.Recommended!
Ok so I have a Half Lab Half Pitt Bull, and she is a little rambunctious. She isn't a year old yet so she still has tons of energy and sometimes she gets so excited she forgets to listen. However when I bust these out for training or rewards and what have you, she pays complete attention. I dont know if its the flavor of these things or what but she loves them. I have put them down on the floor along with a plate of human food and she never touched the plate.. I highly recommend these to anyone with a dog. I mean no guarantees since every dog is different but if it worked for mine it may work for others!
I have two dogs ["Sammy" is a good-sized part Rottweiler and "Molly" is a small half-Dalmatian] and they love these above even *Slim Jims*, which they're not allowed to have but my brother brings them anyway. They can't warf them down like they do the other K-9 treats -- they have to chew them which, of course, facilitates teeth cleaning.I gave a few to a friend who now owns a very intelligent and large half-collie ["Butters"] that the two of us rescued last year and she was equally keen on these flat treats. This dog is quite a bit more picky about her food and dog snacks than my dogs but she begged for more.So, you can hardly go wrong here -- these treats are healthy and the dogs love them.
I have two dogs, a ten year old Chihuahua and a five year old mix breed.  The mix breed will chew on almost anything you give her until it is completely gone, but like most Chihuahuas, mine has teeth problems and when I give him something to chew on that is bigger than bite size, he nibbles for a minute or two then goes and hides it from the other dog the only exception are typically Better Than Ears.  But the Chihuahua loves these FunBites and can finish one in a single sitting.  And with tartar buildup being another problem among Chihuahuas, I like that these fun bites claim to clean teeth and remove tartar.  The only drawback as a human is that they do leave a sticky and stinky scent on my fingers.
....these were loved by my American Water Spaniel as well as my two tiny Maltese! One of the Malts is the pack Alpha. When I first opened the package of chews, and gave each pup one, my little Pi (the Malt in the photo)calmly walked away with hers, hid it, then methodically and calmly took the chews out of the mouths of the other two and went and hid those as well...leaving one Maltese and one Spaniel giving me the 'buuut, heyyyy, whaaaaat?????' look. Needless to say, they are much enjoyed in our household. Unlike some other chews, they do not stain or leave the horrible 'chewy breath'. They don't last as long as some other chews, but all 3 are pretty happy when that bag comes out. And I LOVE that they have more nutrients than other chews. Malts and lots of other small dogs have problems with tartar, and looking at the way they chewed these, using all their teeth, especially the back ones, I feel that these chews will be very helpful with their dental health.
I have 3 dogs and they all give their seal of approval.  I break them in half to make them last longer.  I haven't tried them myself so I can't give my opinion.
Always a little difficult to review a dog treat . . . my Jack Russell and Chihuahua like everything.  I'll try to expand on these Funbites Flatsticks Calcibones based on what I can discern.They are indeed a hard, semi-brittle flat stick.  The small dogs do not readily gobble them down, but rather lay down and hold between paws and chew away at them.  They really seem to be glad to receive this particular snack and immediately retreat with theirs to a private place for some chewing quality time.I like the idea of the calcium health benefits.  The treats are uniformly pressed with no broken sticks or debris in the package.  Seems to be a quality product and a good choice.
With four dogs, some of which that can be quite picky, these Fun Bites were an instant hit.  They have a standard "easy digest" consistency, so they are going to last longer for small dogs than bigger dogs (that are going to eat them in a few bites).  The improvement in breath in pretty clear and they are low in fat/high in protein.  The 60 count pack is also more than what you would get from similar products of similar cost.  Give these a try, your dog won't be disappointed!
These are just right for a treat.  The flat sticks are about the lenghth of a popsicle stick. The dogs need to chew them, as they are tough enough not to be swallowed whole.  I can break one in half, but they still require a little effort to do so.  Of course the dogs love them and it keeps them busy for a couple minutes.  As far as adding calcium + phosphorus, it has to be better than just the beefhide chews alone.  I was told not to be giving my dogs so much hide treats so this works very well for me.. a treat for them w/added nutrients and cheaper than buying a bag of the knotted beefhide chews!
My dog loves to chew, but can be picky about some of the chewy bones/treats I get for him. I myself detest the ones that have really strong smokey smells. These don't have any scent that bothers me, and my dog is liking them too. I have a Miniature Pinscher and so these large chews are going to last a long time for him (he's been working on the same one for a week now), making it a great value for small-medium dogs. I am sure larger dogs will chew through them much faster, but they are very thick and dense so will probably keep them busy and happy for a while. I don't smell any peanut butter scent, but my dog seems to enjoy whatever he smells and tastes. I would definitely get these again for my dog. Also, they are not messy. I recently got a different brand "busy bone" at the store and that made the worst mess! This one here is neat and tidy. Two thumbs up and four paws up. :)
From the first second I opened the package, my pit bull puppy has loved these treats.  It takes her a few days to get through them, so dogs with less strong jaws than a pit will take a while.  It smells fine (but I assume smells great to the dogs).  Also, it says it's nutritious.  Great product.
In the heat my dogs don't want to go outside much so I am constantly looking for ways to entertain them inside.  I tried these one afternoon and for a good half-hour both dogs were thoroughly engrossed.  Upon offering them, a quick sniff was all they needed to know they WANTED this treat.  And after snatching it up, they each disappeared to a private place where they could enjoy it in peace.  I've had issues in the past with rawhide producing stinky farts but after each dog had consumed this treat, there were no after-effects, so that made me happy.  So all in all I am very happy with this product.
I thought maybe these FunBites MiniCongo treats would be small enough for my lab mix. He certainly liked the idea of them. He carried them over to the rug where he eats his treats, and then put it down. I could tell that he was interested, but this is a very hard treat, and even the "Mini" is too large for him.I picked it up and started to put it somewhere for another of our family dogs, one who needs this kind of treat to keep her from chewing on her leg, and my lab let me know he wanted the MiniCongo right where he had put it.So, it's still there. I'm not sure why, but that's where he wants it. He can't do anything with it, so I'm going to grab it when he isn't looking and get it to the dog who will be able to do something with it.I gave 4 stars, because although it doesn't work for our lab mix, this is probably a very good choice for other dogs. It's more of a problem with him than with the treat.EDITED to say that my son's dog, a shepherd, loves these! He gave her one of the larger ones, not the "Mini", and she just carried it to the area where she takes treats and sniffed at it, trying to figure out exactly what she was going to do with it. When he came back a few minutes later, it was gone. These "MiniCongos" are built exactly the same, but they are cut in half, still too big for my lab mix, but either size will be perfect for the Shepherd.
We have two Chihuahua's. One is 12 years old now she won't chew on toys, rawhides or bones of any sort. It was no big surprise that she wouldn't touch it. My other Chihuahua is only 2 years old and will chew on almost any type of rawhide or bone. Over the long 4th of July weekend she was driving us crazy because she wouldn't stop barking and growling at all the fireworks. She is scared to death of fireworks and will shake like crazy and go nuts. So I decided to give her one of these to keep her busy for a while.She loved it and wouldn't put it down for nearly 5 hours. She pretty much ignored the fireworks for the rest of the night and went to town on devouring the MiniCongo. Occasionally she would decide to take a break and walk away but she wouldn't take her eye off it. If I would walk near it or our other dog would approach it then she would pounce on it and guard it with her life. She seemed to really love the peanut butter filling inside because she kept trying to lick inside before chewing the beefhide.About a month ago we gave her a Purina Busy Bone which is similar to this and she loved it as well. It has filling in the middle too. The difference is the Busy Bone really upset her stomach for 24 hours or so and the MiniCongo didn't.Don't be fooled by Mini in the name because these are still quite large. It is probably too big for our Chihuahua but that didn't stop her. I am happy to give these to my dog because they do a good job of cleaning their teeth. The more chewing they do now, the better their dental health will be when they get older.
Generally when she eats grass she up chucks it, she hasn't since a few days after starting with these. Her breathe is also noticeably better. She is 10 years old and you can see that some of the crap off her teeth has come off since chewing these. I give her one a day.
I read some of the negative reviews due to digestive issues with concern, but decided to try these on my dogs since my dogs are extra large with cast iron stomachs. My dogs are Irish Wolfhounds and even with their size, rawhide is not recommended in large amounts. These had a small amount of rawhide with filler. One dog is a food-aholic and the other is picky. The picky dog liked them, the food-aholic thought they were so-so--how could I tell--he didn't need me to say "gentle" to save my fingers from a chomp.If your dog can digest these, it is a nice treat for them. Although they didn't provide the Wolfhounds with much of a rawhide chewing challenge as they had them ingested within a minute or less, they did like the filler. Didn't notice any change in their digestive systems, breath or with the male his, ummm, flatulance issues, but the dogs were happy and that made me happy.
We love our pets and always look for new, healthy treats for them.  We have been using various FunBites products lately because they contrain things that are good for our dogs while being a treat they really enjoy.  One of our dogs has a very "sensitive" stomach.  He loves these things and tolerates them without any signs of upset. In fact, when he is given one of these as a treat following his normal dinner he becomes very content.  Even though he is not an older dog, he is missing several of his chewing teeth due to an operation.  Unlike some rawhide treats that tend to make him tender in the mouth, these treats are fully enjoyed.  He REALLY loves them!!! They are a great treat that I'm sure will be enjoyed by any dog.  Healthy, tasty completely enjoyed... what more can I ask for in a treat for my dog.
I have no idea how well these help with my dog's digestion, but I know this: My Jack Russell Terrier absolutely loves these treats. There are only 7 in a bag, but it takes her about half an hour to destroy one of these - and she chews it until it is gone so there are no leftover bits like she leaves behind when she chews a rawhide.
This was the first treat we gave the dog (a 50 lb hound mix) after she was getting over some tummy troubles. She loved it and it lasted quite a while (they're fairly good-sized). She sort of ripped it apart, ate the inside first, and then ate the wrapping last. Though Lucy did have some problems again a few days later from some other treats, she had NO issues after eating these. I recommend them if you want a 'big' treat for your dog and they have recently been sick or have chronic tummy troubles.
My Golden Retriever loves these treats that I received through the Amazon Vine Program.  So does my Bichon, although  they are  a little big for him (10 pounds).  But he carried it around  & chewed on it daring anyone to come near.  I'm not sure if he is going to be able to eat it because of its  size , but he is protective of it.  DJ, the retriever ate his immediately & came back for more.  So far, their stomachs haven't been upset, so hopefully they will be good for their digestive system & not just another treat.  I  would  buy these again.
I have really finiky eaters but so far they have loved all these fun bites products. Usually they would just turn their nose up at dog treats but they chew and chew on these and it's good for their breath and teeth. They last quite a while too.
I have a large shepherd and a beagle. Both of the spent a long time finishing this treat.  My big dog can handle anything, the little dog not so much.  But his BM's were more solid, and he didn't have his normal gas. I recommend this.
My little dogs liked these at first,  but I guess they were too big for my yorkie and POM cause if they didn't finish it,  maybe it gets stale?  I don't know?  They just don't want it.  It's been sitting there a few months now.  So.  They liked it, but never finished it and dont care for it much now.  Occasionally I'll see them walking around with it then drop it.  Same one for months.  Maybe I should throw it away.
My two mongrels gobble down all treats but they didn't do it this time! They had to chew and chew on these babies to get to the end.They must taste really good to the dogs because I had my daughter's two dogs here with my own pair and all four growled and guarded their individual Funbites. I'm sure that these treats are good for maintaining the dogs' teeth and I would highly recommend them.
With four dogs of varying sizes, it is difficult to find a bone they can all enjoy. From the biggest to the smallest, these bones were a hit. Keep in mind, the bigger dogs "wolfed" them down, but the little dogs took their time.  These were more substantial than expected.  They have an "easy digest" center wrapped in a raw-hide shell. Though a great quality product, I would not recommend this particular SIZE for anything larger than a cocker spaniel. These served as a good time killer for the babies.
I can't say how much these actually help my dogs' digestive system, but before I opened the bag my two dogs were sniffing and nosing at it. I gave one to each and they gnawed on them with relish. The bag claims to have enzymes to help clean the teeth, which would be a definite plus. I have read the other reviews and I can say neither dog had an upset stomach. However, both dogs are one hundred pounds plus and have have fairly strong stomachs.
I love Rudy's message below and my lab mix, Baron, wanted to leave his review as well."My owner handed me my Congo bone and I was so excited that my tail was wagging real hard! It was a little bit hard for me to get my mouth around it because it's a very big bone, but I did it! I carried it to my little doggie rug where I like to eat all my treats. I tried and tried, but I couldn't get to the inside. I flaked off a bunch of stuff on the hard wood floor, but I never get in trouble for that kind of stuff. My owner won't be angry with me, but I'll bet she won't let me have any more of these inside the house!Finally, &lt;sigh>, I just gave up on it and decided to take a nap under my owner's feet while she works at her computer.Then, my owner decided she would FIX that bone! She would break it in half for me like she does some of my other treats, because I have trouble eating big bones.She got a kitchen knife and tried to cut it. That didn't work.She got a BIG kitchen knife and tried to cut it. That didn't work.She took the bone to the utility room and got a HAMMER!I ran in there to see what she was doing, and she was HITTING that thing with the hammer,...but, it didn't break.I grinned at my owner. "See what I was trying to tell you? That bone is too big and hard for us! Maybe we can give it to Eclipse, my cousin, who lives down the street. She's a Shepherd mix. She loves to eat, and she likes to chew on chew toys. It's good for Clipsy to eat big bones that last a long time, because otherwise she chews on her own leg, which is gross!"My owner will report back about how Eclipse, AKA Clipsy, does with it.OWNER REPORTING BACK AS BARON REQUESTED: My son's dog loves these! He gave her one and she just carried it to the area where she takes treats and sniffed at it, trying to figure out exactly what she was going to do with it. When he came back a few minutes later, it was gone. Over time hopefully she will spend more 'chewing time' on them. She needs that.The "MiniCongos" are built exactly the same, different flavor and ingredients of course, but they are cut in half, still too big for my lab mix, but either size will be perfect for the Shepherd. I obviously can't tell you anything about the differences in flavor, but the dogs seem to like the flavor(s).
We have been using various FunBites products lately (see my previous review for the digestive treats) because they contain things that are good for our dogs while being a treat they really enjoy.  We haven't been using these long enough to know if they have had a lasting impact upon their skin and coat, but their coats do seem to be more shiny and their skin less dry. They both sit and assume their "I'm a good dog pose" when they see one of these treats in our hand.  They are a great treat that I'm sure will be enjoyed by any dog.  Just as with the digestive FunBites, these treats are healthy, tasty and completely enjoyed.  We like them for our dogs and I think anyone will be happy with this product.
Our Golden Retriever DJ loves these FunBites Skin & Coat Congos.  They are too big for our Bichon,(10 lbs.) , but fit our retriever's mouth perfectly.  DJ has trouble with dry skin and these Congos seem to be helping.  .  We have noticed that his coat doesn't seem as dry & his skin not as flaky so I believe they are working.  At any rate he really likes them & doesn't leave any crumbs.  I don't hesitate to recommend them.
I've uploaded an image so you can see what the bone actually looks like while being enjoyed.  Note the blissful dog who holds it firmly.Yes, the pressed lamb flavored stuff in the middle of these 5 inch bones may be messy, but we have yet to see it because Sprout licks up the little morsels before they can been seen.  We think they resemble ground beef, but she won't let us catch a glimpse because she protects the bone like it is a treasure.  When she was presented with her first FunBites Skin and Coat Congo, Sprout wasn't interested.  After a few minutes, she carried it out to the porch and showed it to a disinterested Barcelona, the cat.  She then looked through the porch gate and tried to get the attention of Jo and Tootie, the chickens, but they wanted nothing to do with her since she wasn't too kind to Blair last week, may she rest in peace.  Sprout, a 35 pound almost three year old beauty of a dog, then strutted around the house for about 15 minutes with the bone in her mouth.  This is not usual for her.  It took her about two hours of chewing, licking and slurping, to leave no remnant behind.  No crumbs or specks, there was simply a slight film of saliva surrounding her.  Because Sprout only eats on her bed and not on a carpet, messes that others complained about were not an issue for us.  These bones are a definite hit with this dog, and that's a major compliment!  Flax seeds are a plus for a bone which we give to her not for nutritional value, but for exercise and teeth cleaning purposes.  Since these are not cheap, I'd recommend buying a bag first to see if your dog likes these before jumping into a case which may not satisfy your dog's desires.
My sister's dogs tried out "Fun Bites" mini congo chew bones.  They liked them a lot.  There are 7 in the package and it has an easy open top with zip lock like reseal.  There is only a slight smell to the bone and there is no staining on the carpet when the dogs chew on them.  Their basset hound chewed the whole thing all at once, like it was a dog cookie.  These are not small bones (3  inches long, 1  inches diameter), but she still went that direction.  The bone was large enough that it did not choke her, and sections did NOT come off to gag her.  The whole thing just got soft and she just chewed and chewed.  Tiny crumbs of the beef hide sprinkled the floor like crumbs (they were surprised to see that in a beef hide chew bone).  The basset hound cleaned up the crumbs after she finished the bone in about 10 minutes.  Their beagle took the daintier route and held it between her paws and chewed on the end.  She spent a long leisurely time working on hers.  The outside got soft to pull pieces off and the inside would come out with effort and reward to her eventually.  For their beagle, it lasted a long time.  She ate on hers for about a  hour (they were glad to see it last so long).  Many chews are eaten in minutes which defeats the purpose of treat time.  My sister actually took it away (the basset hound was looking hopeful to steel it) so she could chew on it again another day. There was a least  still left to go on it yet.  Definitely a good product for the medium to small size dog.
I don't know what this company adds to their products but my girls just love their stuff and they are usually very finicky about what they eat. They are so intent on chewing on these things that I can actually go off and leave them for five minutes without them following me. Their coats seem shinier too after just one bag so I will definitely be getting more.
I am a dog trainer and see/work a lot of dogs. I need long lasting chew toys for some of the stressed dogs I see. I tried these on my moderate chewing shelties and the response was good,,, three days, two dogs per chewy,,, and they liked playing with them.its important that they did not want to fight over them,,, just tease and hassle each other.  so its a high value toy/chewy, but not over the top.if you have iron jaws dog,,, time to get them onto nyla bones, and super jaw dog cheweys, this is would be about 1 hour for superjaws lab or rottie.if you have super jaws, take them off all rawhide and put them on super type nyla chews, rawhide teaches bad mouth manners,,,,,, expensive free advice.
These are large 5 inch "bones" congos as they are called. My two yellow labs love these treats. They can work on them for at least 30 minutes. Something that I can give them as an afternoon snack when they hanging out with us.It claims the ingredients are good for skin and coat. I don't any difference one way or the other. But, the dogs like them so we'll get them again.
We have two dogs, both Labrador mixes, and they devoured these things. Now, I will say that one of them (Riley) will eat anything. She probably didn't even taste it. However, Rex is very picky about his treats/bones. He was super into chewing these.I saw another reviewer say these are messy- they're no messier than any other rawhide/bones that I've given the dogs. And the filling didn't stain or leave marks on the floor after the dogs were finished. I had no clean up after. Then again, I'm very lucky that my dogs have OCD and do not ever leave me messes.I definitely recommend this product! Their teeth look fresh and though they normally fly through bones, these actually kept them happy and busy for quite awhile:) Will be purchasing more when I'm finished with this pack!
My dog loves these.. Since she is still a pup she chews on anything and everything that comes in contact with her mouth.. These are perfect for her.. With super big bones she just burys them, but with these she actually lays down and chews and chew and chews until its all gone. Love these and highly recommend them!
OK, so my pups are both little beggars. They sit at the dinner table with terribly sad eyes acting as if they haven't eaten in days. My normal form of distraction is to give them each a bone or a biscuit and tell them each to go away, which they promptly ignore, preferring to sit under the table and look sad instead.However, when I gave them each a Fun Bites, they retreated happily to opposite corners of the room to chew on them. One pup proudly carried hers all over the house, then spent the next hour removing the outer shell so she could get to the yummy part inside.2 thumbs, I mean paws up!
Congos by FunBites are 5" long chews that are about 1" thick and have a lamb-flavored center that is wrapped with perforated beefhide. My big dog is an 80 lb. lab/mix and this is an excellent size for her. My 17 pound dachshund/mix can't handle them out of the package (too big), but if he waits for the larger dog to chew one up a little and then steals it, he will happily work on one of these for a couple of days. They both get very excited about these chews!These Congos, which are the Skin and Coat, lamb-flavored variety, have a pleasant smell. They contain flax seed in the lamb-flavored center which is supposed to promote healthy skin and a beautiful coat. I know this works because I've been adding flax seed oil to my dogs food for years and they have never had skin problems.For those of you who read labels, the ingredient listed on the package are: beefhide, flaxseed flour, maltodextrins, dextrose, tocopherol, artificial lamb flavor. The guaranteed analysis on the package lists:crude protein, min 58%crude fat, min 3%crude fat, max 5%crude fiber, max 3%moisture, max 15%Omega 3 fatty acids, min 1%
With four dogs of varying sizes, it is good to find a bone they can all enjoy.  From the biggest to the smallest, these bones were a hit.  These were bigger/fatter than expected.  They have an "easy digest" center wrapped in a raw-hide shell.  Perfect for long-term play or heavy medium-term chewing.  However, we all know nothing stops the heavy chewer like knotted rawhide or a hard bone.  These served as a good time killer for all involved.
I have no idea how much the flax seed embedded in these chews did for my dogs coats/health..but they really enjoyed them.  These are not the "chew for hours" rawhide type of treats that vets recommend not be given often.  These were gone in just a few minutes but did take some chewing action by my medium sized dogs.  The only thing that was a bit detrimental was that the chews did leave flakes, like crumbs, after treats were eaten..no big deal.
Meat is expensive.  Any dog food that features primarily meat is going to be a comparatively expensive food.  Some people claim you'll save money in the long run with a healthier dog, but that's a pretty soft saving.  I don't think there's any doubt that your dog will be healthier on a quality meat-based diet, but I do doubt you'll see a 1:1 return on your vet bills.Still, why have a dog as a member of your family or a working partner if you don't intend to provide the best care you can?  I view it somewhat like feeding a human member of the family; I won't always get it perfect, and sometimes I'll knowingly offer something yummy and less healthy, but it's important to strive for a good balance of good nutrition as much as possible.  I see the Back to Basics Grain-Free food fitting into that goal for me.
I was surprised that Aston, my basenji dog, was so eager to go for this food.  He usually samples a new food, thinks about it for awhile and then will consume it over a period of time.This food attracted him as soon as I opened the bag.  I measured half a cup into his bowl and he gobbled it down immediately and nosed the bag looking for more.I have tried another variety of this food which he was not as enthusiastic about but I think the duck is going to be a favorite..
I look at two criteria in a pet food.  First is the ingredients, and second is whether or not the pets like it.  This food passed both tests with flying colors.  The first ingredients listed are actual meat - not grains or meat by-products.  In fact, this food is grain-free which in and of itself is a plus.  And, the dogs loved it (which I can't always say about a food that is nutritionally superior).  Therefore, this food gets my thumbs up.
My little Papillon loves this food and I feel good about the ingredients.  No grain or strange preservatives.  It's relatively expensive, but for small breeds, not bad for a premium food.  The pieces are smaller than most of the other brands that I've tried and work well for my little gal.  The package is great, but a bit tricky.  I got in a hurry to open it and ruined the zipper closure.  You just use a pull tab to open a zippered opening on one side of the top.  In my haste I thought the zipper would be inside and across the whole top.  Wrong!  I'll know on the next bag.  Like any kind of food, I think it's advisable to rotate and supplement with other varieties to be sure that all bases are covered you your dogs diet and to prevent your dog from getting tired of one kind.  Highly recommended.
I moved recently and my dog's appetite was evidently left behind. The move was rather stressful for her and I've been having a lot of trouble with getting her to eat. After a trip to the vet he suggested chicken and rice with some kibble fed three times a day. He felt the smaller amounts would highlight the chicken and he was right. She had lost about twelve pounds since mid-May and had a lot of &#34;intestinal&#34; issues. After several hundred dollars of blood work, fecal/urinary samples, a physical etc., the vet finally said I could be right about the move depressing her since all test results were negative. So, this Duck kibble combined with some boiled chicken, broth, rice, pureed pumpkin etc. managed to tweak her stomach into saying &#34;I'M HUNGRY.&#34;  She has been gobbling down this duck formula and the chicken concoction over the last week and has regained seven pounds. She loves the kibble too. I've been cutting back on the chicken/rice/pureed pumpkin and she is still eating the kibble with great relish.
The Back to Basics Grain Free Formula - Duck is made from nutrient-dense organ meat which is what the animals would choose to eat first in the wild.  I know this to be true; I ordered a half lamb from my rancher friend and his dog stole the liver.  Unlike humans who save their favorite treat for last (dessert), dogs will eat first their first selection and save their least favorite for last.I like that this small sized kibble which is smallest enough for the tiniest of canine mouths, is 71% animal, 29% vegetable and 0% grain, gluten, and potato.  I typically prepare my dog's food fresh from hormone-free meat and some organic vegetables so this kibble is as close to that that a kibble could be.  My dog does enjoy it but she is a shepherding dog and enjoys "fending for herself" thrilling over locating roadkill to chomp down on or live locusts and grasshoppers and she also loves to run into friends' homes who leave kibble sitting out and gobble it up.  I keep her weight at ideal so she is fit and enjoys walking.  She seems to enjoy having this kibble as a change in her typical faire once a day.  I would purchase this again and I feel great recommending this kibble especially the duck which is a healthier meat choice especially for small dogs.
My dogs love this dog food.The main ingredients are duck and chicken giblets.It is a healthy and natural dry dog food. 100% natural with no artificial flavors, colors and fillers. It contains no gluten or grains.My dogs adore the taste and I'm really considering switching to this brand for the peace of mind I get knowing that my dogs are eating one of the best commercial kibble there is.It is made right here in The USA, which is another great reason to buy and use it.Highly recommended.
My dogs love this when I mix it with a bit of hot water, the juice it produces is very aromatic and the dogs wolf it down. The ingredients are healthy without all of the bad fillers cheaper dog foods use. Not the best dog food you can buy but very good and, seemingly, very tasty to dogs.
my dog loves duck strips already. so she quickly started liking and eating this food also. it is top quality dog food. the food is very small and any dog could eat it without a problem. she gets one small serving of this food per day because she also loves her duck strips too. she doesn't want to give them up. i keep this bag of dog food in the refrigerator.
We have been a Blue Buffalo Wilderness family for several years now. Their price has been going up and up so it was nice to see this Back to Basics food come up. My picky dog loves her Blue Buffalo and it took her awhile to transition over to the Basics, at first she refused to eat any of her food when I mixed the two to introduce her to the new food. By the end of the week she had no problem with it.The ingredients are very nice, I like that they use organ meats. After all, that's what they go for in the wild when they kill something! The price comparison (ON AMAZON) as of the day of this review reflects $2.61/lb for Back to Basics Duck (13 lb) and $2.25/lb for Blue Buffalo Wilderness Duck (24 lb). Locally, I can't compare because the Blue Buffalo is widely available at chain pet stores, and the Back to Basics I can only find at (overpriced) veterinary and veterinary-store locations I'll never shop.Even my cats tried to sneak in and eat any leftover bits that the dog didn't finish so it must be pretty good! The size of the kibble pieces will be good for small dogs, even.I would feed this to my dog in a heartbeat. I'm going to keep it in mind, because Blue Buffalo Wilderness keeps going up up up in price and the day might come when another brand is more feasible for us. I liked everything I read on the bag of this food, and the feedback I've seen for it on some dog owner forums I am on. Great food for dogs with allergies!
This is a great dog food. Good quality- no byproducts or grain. Also, the small bites are perfect for my puppy. My dog seems to love the taste, I haven't had any trouble getting her to eat it. She's a picky eater. Definitely recommend this food!
The picture on the bag makes this product look like actual liver chunk, but in reality the pieces look more like Cocoa Puff than fresh meat.  That aside, my dogs really enjoyed this product.  Both of them licked their bowls clean, then licked the other's in hope there was still some left over. One of my dogs is elderly with some dental problem which has left him with own a few teeth left, and has problems chewing some food,  and he had no problem eating Back to Basics.
I used this dog food on my shepherd/husky mix for about 2 weeks and didn't see any difference from my previous food (Orijen Adult Dry Formula). The main ingredient are duck organs, and I liked it because it is mostly animal protein (71%), and not made from grains like a lot of the cheaper dog food. My dog had no distress being switched immediately from one food to the other, and his coat seemed to maintain its appearance and I didn't have any issues with extra shedding or bowel problems from him. He seemed to enjoy the food, but then again, he wolfs down anything I give him. I researched the food and ingredients on several dog food review sites, and couldn't find any negatives with it. Usually those sites find at least something wrong with most dog food. Overall, it appears to be a very high quality food, and I added it to my subscription to replace my Orijen when that runs out.
Back to Basics Grain Free Formula - Duck flavor - is an organ meat based dog food. The dark brown kibbles are very small and round and the smell is minimal and not unpleasant.My lab mix gave it a sniff and then happily finished the bowl. The thing is, she will happily eat anything so this really isn't much of a test. My dachshund mix, however, is an extremely picky eater. He never eats his regular dog food all at once. He prefers to have a bite or two and then troll the house in search of something yummier. He eventually finishes his food but he's clearly not enthusiastic.He LOVES the Back to Basics Duck formula! I haven't seen him dancing around like this, waiting for his bowl, in a long time. And he finishes his meal promptly.I had been adding a little Chef Michael's Roasted Chicken to his regular food to encourage him to eat his food in a timely manner and it was helping. He clearly prefers this duck flavor, though.I would happily make this our new dog food except for the price. It's a little steep for my budget. But I will be adding a little to my dog's regular kibble every day because the taste is so appealing to them. I can also see that this food might be very helpful for dogs recovering from illness or surgery who may be a little off their feed. It is a high quality food and dogs seem to love it.
This dog food has it all.  The ingredients are excellent--not a lot of suspicious ingredients or additives, and according to the chart on the back, I can feed my dog less and still meet his nutritional needs---which I believe is because there are fewer non-nutritious fillers that just pass right through.  That is great because less in, less out!  I definitely appreciate reducing the amount of poop I have to scoop.  I look for dog foods with wholesome ingredients and this seems to be a good one.  The only ingredient I'm skeptical about is "natural duck flavor" which is probably MSG-laden ("natural chicken flavor" is, so duck flavoring probably is, too).  I'm not thrilled about that, since MSG has been linked to so many issues like obesity and neurological problems. But I haven't yet found a dog food without MSG, so this one is still top of the heap.Furthermore, my dogs love it.  Granted, one will gobble anything, but the other is a little princess who tends to be delicate and picky about her food.  This one, though, she dug into like a little chowhound.  I did think the bites were a little bit too tiny for my big lab, but he didn't seem to have a problem with them.Great food!
This food is almost like dog caviar!  I have a 4 lb bag that is mixed in with my regular dog food and as good as that brand is, the dogs still search out the back to basics nuggets first.  This food is very rich and comes in small nuggets.  There is no grain, no potato filler..almost 75% animal organ meat.  In this case, the meat is duck and chicken giblets, 38% crude protein, that's alot!  Fiber content is only 3% and this stuff is full of vitamins too.  As I said, my dogs love it but I don't think I would feed them just this..not because of the cost necessarily, but my dogs are not sporting dogs who are super active. The package states this is for all life stages and is not just specifically for sporting breeds..whatever kind of dog you have, I'm sure they'll love this.
Since I have a toy breed, (Yorkshire) I asked my vet before administering and he advised 1/2 a wafer per day based on his weight and small size.My dog loves them and took to them very well, so I imagine they are very palatable since he tends to be quite fussy.They are hard little discs, just a little larger than a Tums tablet.There are 90 per bottle.They assist a dog's mental development, stamina and immunity.Helping maintain your dogs hearing, vision and sense of smell.Along with a sensible, appropriate diet, these vitamin and mineral supplements should ensure your dog's nutritional status.My dog has had no problems while on these supplements and accepts them as a treat or reward and actually looks forward to having them.Based on what I've read and my dog's response, it seems to be a great vitamin for dogs.
I give these to my dog (ruby Cavalier King Charles) as treats, because I usually don't remember to give them to him regularly as vitamins. I'm not one to worry much about pet supplements beyond normal dog food and the occasional table scrap / dog treat, but do like the idea of specially formulated pet vitamins.My dog was runt of the litter, has an overbite, and honks (backwards sneezing, some call it) when he gets too excited, so I guess it's good for him to get a little extra nutrition in there occasionally.These smell weird, but the bottom line is... he likes them. If nothing else, these make a (supposedly) extra-healthy dog treat. My dog goes on runs / bike rides with me, so if these do indeed help with canine athletic performance, I'm sure he appreciates them.
We have been giving these vitamins to our English Setter for nearly a month now.  He is a very active and energetic dog, so we felt he would benefit from taking these SportDOG Canine Athlete C9 Performance Vitamins.  He is constantly moving around like a Jack Russell Terrier on steroids.  We can tell he likes the taste of these vitamins because he chews them up and he looks forward to getting one each day.  I will update this review at the end of the 3 months (90 day supply) and let you know more.UPDATE:  We discontinued giving these to our English Setter becuase they seemed to give him TOO MUCH energy.  He was already wired and seemed to be in overdrive with these vitamins.  We started our Greman Shepard on the vitamins and they are working very nicely with her.  She has started showing more energy and is more "frisky".  She recently had surgery and these vitamins have seemed to help her in her recovery as well.
I'm very pleased with the effectiveness of these C9 wafers. They are easy to give to the dogs. I have two very small dogs and they get half wafers and the big dog gets a whole one per dose.One of my little dogs has an obesity problem so I've cut back her food and these wafers supplement her diet. It seems to have worked and she waits for her wafer as a treat.I've particularly noticed that the big dog looks brighter in the eyes, after a week or so, and she doesn't groan so much as she used to. As I have changed nothing else in her diet, the C9 must be reponsible for the positive change.I don't think this is snake oil -- it's really packed with vitamins and minerals and the dogs love to eat them. I used to have hunting dogs (setters, labs, coondogs, and beagles) and if I still did, I would definitely supplement their diet with C9 wafers.Highly recommended!
We have an American Water Spaniel that hunts once or twice a week during the season. It is HARD work for a dog, and any dog that is about to work hard should NOT be fed prior. We worried about her, and then found these. After doing some research, I can't stress enough how important these are for dogs about to work hard and long. And she loves them! So glad to have these.
I have 3 dogs and 2 of those are quite elderly, and they love these!  No hesitation in taking them in chomping them down, and they are picky about some things.  The results of now taking a vitamin since they were not before are not evident after only a week, but I will update my review in a couple of months to see if they seem to have more energy and/or better looking coat.  With 2 of my dogs being border collies and very active, if this seems to make a difference, it would definitely be something I would order again.
this is a well-built nice quality dog collar with built-in leash.  I like to keep it in my glove compartment to help the occasional stray.  Recommend.
I get Iams food but mix it with a cheaper brand due to its pricing. Sometimes my dog will eat around the other food and just eat the Iams so lately I have just been getting Iams. When we switched to this food he didnt get fussy as he sometimes does with a new flavor, he just gobbled it down!!
We've used IAMS before but the price tag has always been so high, that it's hard to justify sometimes on a budget.  And in the past, when I've bought expensive dogfood, I've been bummed when the dogs seemed to eat it with as much enthusiasm as my son has for broccoli. When you spend that much and it's left in their bowl, it's disappointing...even though you may know it's better for them in the long run (which is why my son still has to have the broccoli!).But I was especially eager for my dogs, especially my Doberman, to try this formula because I'd read that the fish oils help their fur.  Her fur never appears all that shiny, so I wanted to see if this would make a difference.So far, her fur hasn't changed (yet), but I notice less scratching by all of the dogs.  There is no waste either...they eat it all up.  Better yet, you actually use less because it's a concentrated formula;  you measure it and it's more dense and compact (less filler like cheapo brands use).An additional PLUS is that I've noticed one of my dogs that gets very gassy is much LESS so, which is a big bonus.I'll edit the review if things go downhill, but for now, I'm very pleased.  Add in that this ships for free, you save gas money too, instead of driving to the store every time you run out.  I have four dogs, I like knowing that it'll ship right to my door.
This dog food sounded so great, I had to try it. The proof is in the eating and the dogs love it. The IAMS name is the main reason for choosing it, but the fact that there are no artificial preservatives or flavors make it a better choice of dog food. Since dogs do develop sensitivities to foods, this IAMS Sensitive Naturals dog food with fish as the main ingredient makes it a good choice. It also contains Vitamin E and an antioxidant that helps maintain a strong immune system. More important is the fact that the food is made with smaller amounts of ingredients that may cause dogs to itch and scratch. As the product release says; "less is more and what's not in the food can be as important as what is."
That is the way my Dobie took to the first helping of this Iams recipe. He was just as eager with subsequent feedings. At one time I fed previous Dobies with Iams products and other brands some of which originated in China. You may remember the well publicized death of many dogs from poisoned food originating in China. My last Dobie was one of those victims. Since then I have been scrupulously careful to avoid any food from China. In particular I have been feeding him food made in the good old USA.This Iams Sensitive Naturals contains ingredients from trustworthy sources as near as I can tell. Therefore I intend to continue feeding him this recipe unless I learn otherwise regarding the safety  of this product. I am not going to repeat all the product's contents etc that are in other reviews and the product's description. I just want to say that this is apparently a safe and tasty product which my Dobie loves.
I've been searching for quite a while for just the right dry food for Sarah, my senior (hard to believe, she was just a year old not long ago) shepherd/chow-chow mix.  After having almost every allergy test in existence performed to find out why she was doing excessive scratching and seemed always to be in discomfort, it was determined that Sarah is allergic to practically everything, both outdoors (plants and grass) and indoors (food ingredients).Sarah, in fact, is just plain allergic to Nature.  I chalk that up to the fact that we live in the Colorado Desert where Sarah was a stray before being dumped on a city street where animal control got hold of her.  She had no contact with green plants out in the wild, and no manufactured food.  It's a wonder she survived; it took a long time to heal her emotional wounds however.  Never having bonded with a human being, for a long time I thought she was part wolf (or at least coyote).I have tried this and that food, always going with a fish base, and the only one I've found effective at all is a premium dry diet only available from veterinarians.  That's inconvenient for me; I want to do my shopping at my nearby local pet store.  And it's certainly not economical.  Not only do you pay for the food, but the added on cost so the vet can make a profit as well.Now look at this to recommend the Iams Sensitive Naturals diet:  no chicken (I think that harms Sarah the most), no corn, no wheat and no soy.  She's sleeping now, having eaten an hour ago, instead of the doing the usual itching.  Think of the sleep dogs lose, or don't get very well, because of the incessant skin irritation due to improper food and you'll realize how very important this type of diet is to a dog's well being.The bag says the food also contains "high levels of vitamin E," beneficial for the skin.  Besides ocean fish (the type of fish is not named, and I wish it was because I'd like to know for various reasons), it also contains Brewers rice, ground whole wheat grain barley, dried egg product, beet pulp and yeast, dried vegetables and lots of vitamins.It's not a large kibble, so my elderly Chihuahua that has lots of digestion problems was able to digest this food as well.  That's unusual for her.  She usually cannot tolerate dry dog food.  It was a hit also with my two poodle mixes, though they're not real particular as long as they are served first-rate food.I plan to make this Sensitive Naturals diet a permanent staple in my home.  I consider it to be a lucky find.
With our dog being sick( vomiting an diahrea) we were at our wits end. Iams sensitive naturals came to the rescue. Our lovely Whtie English buldog loves the flavor and she was able to get back to normal on a diet of Iams sensative naturals.  I think she would prefer to eat Iams sensitive Naturals Ocean Fish, Rice and Barley all the time. She does not like corn based dogfood at all.
i have two small dogs and was happy to try this new food for them, especially my 9 year old terrier mix.  He tends to chew on his fur, as if to relieve an itch.  We have now been using this products for about three weeks, and I definitely see less of this behavior.  Both dogs like and will eat this food readily, although not with the enthusiasm I've seen with other brands.  Neither dogs have had any digestive issues since switching them over.  I think the price for this 25 pound bag is good, considering the type of ingredients used and the fact that it actually makes a positive improvement in my dog's health.
We have an 8 month old short haired pup. He is a Pit Bull. He regularly ate Iams Original for Puppies, as well as the Smart Puppy by Iams.He has always scratched excessively and had some dandruff issues. We started giving him fish oil pills (poke the pill and squeeze the oil onto his tongue or food) and that worked great - just as it did for our cat with some skin and fur issues.Then along came this Iams Sensitive Naturals. So, we tried (possibly a cruel) experiment. We stopped giving the beloved pup the fish oil and sure enough after almost a week, he went back to scratching more and more and we started noticing the dandruff or flaking skin. At that point we started feeding him the new Iams. Literally within a few days we saw the scratching diminish and the dandruff was less and less. He went from what seemed to be constant scratching to now only a "normal" amount of scratching for the random itch - not due to his dry/sensitive skin.His fur looks so shiny and sleek, even for a short haired pup. It is like a total change. When he was eating his regular Iams during the time period where we took him off the fish oil pills, his fur had gotten to look dull and drab and felt more rough. It is now back to being such a shiny, sleek black coat. His eyes actually look brighter and healthier in some way too.Based on what we have seen since he has been eating this food, I have to say without a doubt it works very, very well for skin issues and really makes their coat so much more healthier and beautiful. He eats it fine, never turned away from it when first introduced to it and as gross as it may be, his stools seem "healthier" too if there is such a thing.Bottomline I definitely would and will recommend this for anyone who is having skin problems with their pet. It is actually more cost effective too since we probably won't have to buy the fish oil pills in addition to the food - the benefits of the fish oil are already in this Iams.
Iams is wonderful. Apart from the taste (which all dogs seem to love!) it keeps them very healthy. It manages to meet the health needs of both our older and younger dogs. We actually own a dog that is very sensitive to certain foods, and she hasn't experienced any issues whatsoever with this food.The nutrition is amazing, of course (one of Iams' best points)and to reiterate, the dogs love it. There really isn't anything poor that can be said for this food. Iams is among the best for animals' nutrition, and this particular flavor is no different.
My dogs love the Lickety Stik! I got the bacon flavor, is there anything better than bacon? I use it to distract Joe when his nails are trimmed, he hates having his nails trimmed. Once I figured out that I need to squeeze it gently because the ball doesn't turn it worked fine. I hold it up and Joe licks it like a lamb with a bottle!
Nina, Sam(antha) and Grizzly are "licking it up."  The feature that appeals to me most is that the calorie count is so low per "taste."  It's a real snack alternative that many of us with pets should consider!Great idea!I rate "PetSafe Lickety Stik 1.6-Fluid Ounce, Bacon Flavor"...Five stars!P.S., As many pet snacks are notoriously high in fat, I truly recommend this as a low-calorie alternative!P.P.S., Maybe they should come up with on for us humans?  Just a thought!
with the exception of my senior chihuahua that viewed the container of Lickety Stik as possibly a lethal weapon and, not wishing to take any chances, tore out of the room when she saw it for under-the-bed protection."Oh well," I said, "I've got three other dogs.  Let's try them."  At first my toy bichon-poodle was also wary and stepped back.  But when she saw my shepherd and chow chow growing very excited and thrilled by this new offering, she relented and tasted some herself.  It was a decided hit.There are no directions on the small plastic container as to how to use, so I was uncertain if I should squeeze it and, if so, how tightly.  I quickly learned that squeezing it too firmly causes the liquid to pour out so, if squeezed, "lightly" should be the watchword.  I would advise the first time trying it to place a paper towel under the container until one gets the hang of manipulating the small plastic bottle and administering the treat to the dog(s), which will not be a problem as my two large dogs, and eventually the smaller one, just kept wanting to lick and lick and keep on licking.  They found this new-found gadget to be very exciting.What is most appealing about it to me is that it contains all natural ingredients - nothing artificial.  They consist of natural flavors, cultured milk, lecithin, rosemary extract and green tea extract.  It also contains Vitamin A.So this is a fun way to make your dog(s) happy, small enough to carry in your pocket, light enough for easy carrying.  Now I've only used it once, but I predict that the next time my dogs (chihuahua excepted) see me holding the by now familiar container, there'll be a stampede of sorts.  Just like in television commercials.Tail waggin' good!
The Bacon Flavor Lickety Stik is like crack cocaine for my dog Rocky. If I handed him the product, it would be gone--plastic and all--within 30 seconds. However, you aren't supposed to "give" your dog the Lickety Stick, which works like a roll-on deodorant, the human holds it while the dog licks it. If your dog reacts like Rocky, you'll get a big kick out of it. While the novelty won't wear off for Rocky, I have the distinct impression that I'll get bored with it after a while.On the other paw, Mr. Peabody seemed to enjoy it, but he wasn't as enthusiastic as Rocky. Could it be their difference in age? Mr. P. is six years old and Rocky is one. Rocky also eats everything, including light bulbs, styptic powder, and prescription eyewear, but not with as much vigor as he attacked his Lickety Stik.Our third dog, Charity, sniffed it, looked at me like I had serious issues, and turned away. She's seven. Based on Rocky's & Mr. P.'s enjoyment of the product, I give it five stars; but if Charity was an "only dog," it would get none.
I wasn't sure if my dogs would be able figure out what to do with this, but they got it right away.  They loved the taste and would have kept licking it as long as I let them. The container is 5" tall and approx. 1 1/2" around and easily fit right in my jeans pocket, so this would be very easy to take on a walk. I could also see that this might be helpful if you happen to have a dog who won't eat - you could roll the liquid around the edge of his bowl and it may entice him to eat.
Very handy way of dispensing a reward. Very palatable and dog is eager to get the next lick. Keep's one's hands clean while dispensing the treat. It seems great for training, as it is quick and easy to access and use. Great new product!*Donn (the dog) loves it. :)
For those that follow my reviews you know I have many dogs so I just had to try out this product.  It was so funny the day I received it. I was surrounded with furry friends. Incase you don't know dogs can smell just about anything and they knew something was in my hands that they were going to like.  The container reminds me of roll-on deodorant.  I know that sounds gross but nevertheless it did. It is made where the dogs lick the top of it to receive their treat.  Okay, now all I had to do was let the dogs lick it and believe me they were ready.  They piled around me and all took their turns, it was so cute.  Now, did they come back for more?  You bet they did, each seeing who could get their tongue on it first.  I could tell to them it was a tasty treat and for me it was a time to interact with my animals and show them love. You can't just let them play piggly wiggly and lick it all in one day, because they would, believe me. You have to allow only so many licks.  I liked this product and so did my dogs and plan to purchase it for them. Dog biscuits are of course a lot easier, you just throw them and they catch, but this is a special treat that allows you time with your animal. Nice product.
I have 2 large dogs who I allow to lick this every day. They seem to like it.  It must smell and taste good to them.  I like giving this to them as a treat for doing something good instead of something with a higher calorie content.
Well, the title says it all.  The little dogs of the household loved this interesting twist on the traditional treat.  They did not seem to understand why they were not allowed to walk off with it, but they grasped the concept eventually.  Often traveling with our two smallest poms, this "roll-on" style treat is a simple, non messy, non-poop-inducing alternative to traditional treats.  It is "just enough" when you want to reward them without having to worry about making a mess in the car.  I am not sure if this concept will catch on with the mainstream, but as long as it is competitively priced, I can see this being a useful tool for many dog-rearing activities.  While we are far past that stage, I can see this being helpful for different training activities as well.  Bring yourself and your dog "outside of the bubble" and give this new treat a try.
I've been taking this product for a little over a week now and I really do think that I can tell a difference.I am scheduled for a total knee replacement on October 24th so you can imagine what sort of condition my knee is in.  Not good!  Thought I would give this product a try in order to get some relief before I have the surgery.  I am getting some relief...no doubt.  Not enough to cancel the surgery but enough to give me some peace.I highly recommend you give this product a try.Also the pill is small unlike some of the others.  And you only need to take ONE.  Best wishes, hope it works for you too.Arthritis is NO fun
This product comes in 30 tablets to a bottle.The active ingredients:* Cartilage 40mg (10mg undenatured Type II collagen)* Hyaluronic Acid 3.3 mgInactive ingredients: Dellulose, potassium chloride, croscaramellose sodium, boron glycinate, coating (hydroxypropyl methylcellulose, modified corn starch, mica (color), polyethylene glycol, titanium dioxide, magnesium trisilicate, glycerin), and magnesium stearate.This differs greatly from Schiff's Move Free product, which consists of glucosamine, chondroitin, and sometimes hyaluronic acid.  I have taken that product for the past couple of years and it has greatly helped a knee issue I had, dating back some 10 years ago from a soccer injury.  I believe that a high quality glucosamine product does help achy joints, particularly the knees.  When I stop taking the Move Free glucosamine, my knee pain does increase after a few weeks, and decreases/disappears shortly after I resume taking Move Free.There are some studies which find that collagen provides more relief of joint complaints than does glucosamine.  Even if you believe the benefits to be similar, collagen may be for you if you have seafood allergies, as most glucosamine products are made from extracts from the shells of crabs, lobsters, or shrimp.The recommended dosage (one per day) is half the recommendation of Move Free (when I first bought Move Free, the dosage was four a day for two weeks to "jump start", followed by two a day from then on).  The size of the Ultra tablet is smaller as well.The cost of Move Free Ultra  appears to be less, as, although it contains fewer tablets per bottle, the dosage is half that of Move Free.I began taking these a couple of months back and find them (for me) to be as effective as the glucosamine, and I have to take half as many tablets, AND save some money!  If you find these are effective, or an effective /cost efficient alternative to glucosamine, or need to avoid glucosamine due to allergies - this is a great product.You really need to try for yourself, as some people, depending on their joint issues, find neither collagen nor glucosamine helpful, some find one better than the other, and some find either helpful.  I fall into this third group.  I think that is because mine is a knee issue, and most of what I've read indicates these work better for knees than other joints.
I reside in a 4-story walkup on the summit of a hill.  Things that I do involve gripping, holding, twisting, reaching, bending and pushing.  As a result, I have learned many ways to avoid unnecessarily straining some joints.  But there are often tradeoffs between the body parts that will be stressed and at the end of the day, joints are essential.I have tried yoga, swimming and other exercise, medications, physical therapy, ice therapy, self-administered electric stimulation, heat therapy, rest and positive mental attitude.  Now I'm trying this hyaluronan product and as the Schiff box states, it does get absorbed directly into the joints.  I feel a little bit lubed.  No cracking of bones when I get up to move.These pills are working.  I will continue to take them.
It's difficult to really know how any supplement works until you've tried it for some time.  My husband has swapped off between a few brands, including the Schiff Move Free, with very good results.  It is different, however, than the glucosamine (1500 mg) and chondroitin (1200 mg) combination.Both supplements, when taken as directed, seem to work for him.  They seem to keep his joint issues at bay.  His knees are especially problematic.  We also use a supplement for our dog only we lower the amount due to her weight.  We simply toss it in her food in her evening meal.The advantage of the Schiff Move Free Ultra is that it is only necessary to take one tablet a day instead of two large ones.  In essence, you are getting more for your money.  Whatever brand you take, it's probably a wise idea to run it by your physician.  Move Free is something my husband has been taking (off and on) with very good results.WHAT MOVE FREE ULTRA IS (according to Schiff):&#9658;  Schiff Move Free Ultra contains UC-II, a breakthrough new ingredient that helps you get relief from your achy joints in just one small, easy-to-swallow tablet.&#9658;  UC-II (Undenatured Type II Collagen) is the same protein found in healthy cartilage. A patented process gently preserves Type II Collagen from cartilage, leaving the protein intact. Being intact is important for your body to get the joint health benefits from a small amount of Collagen.&#9658;  UC-II actually helps reprogram your immune system which allows cartilage to maintain a healthy structure. Other types of Collagen are not processed in this same way and are therefore not effective in such a small dose.&#9658;  JOINT FLUID (Hyaluronic Acid) is a mega-potent form of the molecule in lubricating fluid that already exists naturally in your joints. Without it there would be nothing to cushion and keep those hard-working joints from rubbing. As we age, our level of Hyaluronic Acid tends to go down.&#9658;  The good news is that because it's naturally present throughout your body, you already have built-in pathways to absorb and utilize it. And a clinical study shows that when taken orally, it's absorbed directly into the joints.INGREDIENTS:Amount Per Serving:Cartilage (providing 10 mg undenatured type II collagen) 40 mg - , Hyaluronic Acid 3.3 mgOther Ingredients:Cellulose, Potassium Chloride, Croscarmellose Sodium, Boron Glycinate, Coating (Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Modified Corn Starch, Mica (Color), Polyethylene Glycol, Titanium Dioxide, Magnesium Trisilicate, Glycerin), Magnesium Stearate.
My right knee was really bad took plain movefree & it helped. Then on the advice of my mom tryed movefree ultra. One little pill a day made a tremendous difference in my knee, it feels 97% better than it did. It does'nt hurt me at all anymore & I will continue to take it. try it you will see.
The next best thing to having your joint supplements taste like candy (see Schiff Move Free gummies) is to have them be so small you don't even know your swallowing them.  These things are about the size of a Tic Tac and you only need to take one a day instead of the two a day that many joint supplements require.I've been taking joint supplements of one kind or another for several years now and many are simply some combination of Glucosamine and Chondroitin with maybe a little MSM thrown in for good measure.  These mighty minis add undenatured collagen and hyaluronic acid, one present in cartilage and the other in joint fluid, to the mix. This new formula does seem to work better than the joint supplements I used to take, but not having to gag down large pills everyday, is priceless.
Works great.  I can really tell the difference when I take the Move Free formulas.  I can't really tell much difference in this ultra formula and their other formulas.  The form is a small white capsule.  It is easy to take with no GI side effects or funny taste or burps.It took me about 2 weeks to tell a difference, and it really mainly helped my arthritis.  I had a meniscus tear and it didn't do anything for that, but luckily that healed up on it's own.  I can't say if this helped speed the healing along or not.  I do know it helps my arthritis.  I get it bad in my knee when it gets rainy and cold, and a ankle that I injured, but after taking this for about 2 weeks, a lot of the creaking and crunching in those joints just disappeared.  I can make circles with my ankle now like I could when I was young- there's no feeling of anything rubbing on anything else.My preferred way to take these is the gummies, but this isn't bad.  I can't tell a big difference between them other than the gummies taste good so I remember to take them better.I'd say try this for 2 weeks, every day, and see if your arthritis doesn't improve!  That's what it took me, but some people see improvement a lot faster.