They just make you think that it will so you can buy it, but, it does NOT work!!Very bad!
This used to be a great product but not anymore.  It works as well as water and water is free.
I ordered this product because of the great results I had from a sample packet.  The order came from Nutricity and I was very disappointed with the results after using it just once.  When I compared the ingredients, they had changed significantly.  The papaya in the name had dropped much further down on the ingredient list meaning there was much less of it in the product.  The box that the bottle came in even had a new ingredient list glued over the origianl list.  I contacted Nutricity but they were unwilling to accept a return on the product. I would not recommend this product or Nutricity.  Who would really look to see if ingredients had changed from a sample and that the name of the product still stayed the same!  Isn't that the reason samples were created - to sample the "expected" product?  I was disappointed with Nutricity's response under such circumstances.
I suffer from severe adult acne and have tried pretty much all the usual salicylic acid treatments (Clean & Clear, Clearasil) etc with little success. I decided to give this product a try as it contains an unusual addition of ingredients like aloe vera, guarana, and yerba mate which I hoped might make a difference. Unfortunately, I feel this gel worked less well than other treatment gels and I greatly disliked the greasy layer that it leaves on your skin. The product instructions say this layer absorbs into your skin in 60 seconds to form a protective film, which sounds fabulous. Unfortunately, it instead looks like you wiped Vaseline petrolatum on your acne, making it even more noticeable to anyone, and the shiny look doesn't disappear until you wash the product off. The greasy consistency also remains even hours later. If you accidentally touch your face where you applied it, your hands will get greasy. Basically, expect it to feel like you put petrolatum on yourself. I can't see how this helps acne as I would think it makes the area even more oily and doesn't allow the acne to breathe.
It didnt work and will bleach whatever it gets on even if your face lays on something like a pillow case. Didnt have any noticable effects
This ruined my nails! I've been using this for about 6 months now and finally figured out that this is what is making them be so fragile, break, and just look horrible.
I love this product normally, it is a wonderful product.  HOWEVER, this particular bottle that was sent to me must have been very old.  The contents no longer smelled like that fabulous scent I love to pay so much money for.  The product went bad and it smells horrible, no scent of evergreens at all, just a yellowy-ish gel that stains your body and smells putrid.  What a huge disappointment.  I opened the product just recently and it's outside of the window to return the product apparently.  I wasted my money, first huge disappointment from Amazon prime.m
Having purchased Vitabath Gelee for many years, from several suppliers, I expect it to be a thick, concentrated gel.  What I received in this order is a thin, watery, diluted product -- very disappointing.
I have used Vitabath in the past so I know what it is supposed to smell like.  This bottle seems rancid.  I used a few times thinking it was just me, but the more I use it the worse it smells.  Don't  think it is right to return after I used a few times, but I feel really ripped off that I am out that much money and know I have to throw the rest away because it  is just gross.
I am a regular user of Vitabath, and I can assure you this is not the real product. The color is wrong, the smell is way off, and the viscosity of the gel is off too. I am perplexed that Amazon is selling a fake product through Prime. Huge disappointment.
they've changed the formula. It smells different.  It feels different. I've used Vitabath since 1970. I dropped this one in the trash and will look for something else, Very sad and disappointed.
This product had been placed in the closet due to the fact that the first use was a sad experience. After locating it, now the truth of the first experience returns. The motor does not work properly at all. Its spins for few a seconds then stops. If the spinning were to continue, it would not be enough torque to file anything. As I look at other comments on this product, I'm sure Conair should be embarrassed on the quality of this product. It is no surprise that this product is no longer list in Conair's product list. The company should have placed a recall of the Elegant Nail kit.
Product produces only a minimum amount of steam, you get a better &quot;facial&quot; taking a shower than using this &quot;Sauna&quot;. It would take an unacceptable amount of time for this product to ever produce a &quot;deep cleansing effect&quot; as advertised. Would not recommend this product to others.
It's obviously your fault because you left your child unattended and he / she did not know what was coming. You should watch when your child rubs the shampoo on his / her head and tell them to close their eyes wide shut, until your child has reached an experienced age (i.e. 9, 10, 12 etc.) when he is responsible and cautious to take a shower himself.
My 7 year old son received this product in his Christmas stocking and, being a big Spongebob fan, couldn't wait to use it. He needed my help to open the bottle because the cool looking Spongebob top didn't seem to be secured to the cap inside of it, which made it difficult to unscrew. A few minutes after I left him I heard him screaming for me from the shower. When I got to him he was crying hysterically that soap got in his eyes and it stung. It took several minutes before I could wash the shampoo from his eyes, which were red and sore. I am amazed that this shampoo is marketed to young children and would definitely not recommend it.
I used this flat iron for over a year and couldn't figure out why my hair was so dry and damaged.  I switched shampoos, conditioners, other hair products, hair dryers and even hair stylists before I finally decided to try a different flat iron.  The difference is dramatic!  This ConAir just does not compare.  It is NOT ceramic like it says, it is ceramic-COATED and there is a BIG difference.  If you want to stop battling your hair every morning, splurge on a CHI flat iron and you will immediately see that it is worth every penny.  I feel terrible for damaging my hair with the ConAir for so long.  I finally have soft, silky hair again and it is only because I stopped using the ConAir flat iron.
Bought this because of the high reviews here on Amazon, but it pulls my hair so I am sending it back.  Disappointed!!
I got this one to see how it works in my quimical relaxed hair, I have to say the first times I was very impress about the results and compared with other friends who pay way more money for other profesional irons but after 2 or 3 times my hair was getting in bad shape and frizzing that's when my hair styler told me that flat iron was not real ceramic and was burning my hair.This product dont worth the damage
I received this product in a timely fashion and wrapped it for a Christmas gift.  My daughter opened it and was thrilled.  She used it for less than two weeks before it quit heating up so I will need to purchase her another one--another brand no doubt.
Painfully pulls on my hair, doesn't get hot enough, cheap plastic. Everything about this flat iron is a failure. Do not buy it.
This item is a piece of junk. It broke after two uses. And if you have any kind of texture in your hair, it has to be put on the max settings, and even then your hair will only be a ball of frizz. Don't buy this product!
The only place the plates completely touch is towards the top of the iron.  Therefore, as you start to flatten or curl, your hair slides right out of the iron before you can even flatten or curl.  I gave it a good try for two weeks to see if I just needed better technique.  No such luck.  Useless to me.  I returned it for a refund.
Keep in mind that this straightener is only ceramic coated and pales in comparison to actual ceramic straighteners. I bought this for the low price but with that came the lightweight cheap feel and the horrible results. The plates gripped my hair very roughly instead of smoothly gliding over it. I would not recommend this straightener at all. Don't waste your time or money with this -- I have already returned it to Amazon and received a refund, which I used on the Revlon Satin Finish Ceramic Straightener. I highly recommend that one instead of this Conair piece of uselessness. It costs about $8 more but it's definitely well worth it.
I have purchased 2 of these and my first one stopped heating a few days after i bought it. Im not sure why or how, but i thought that it was just  a defect in that one straightener. The second conair straightener i bought heated well for the first few months, but then started shutting down while i was in the middle of straightening my hair. It would randomly turn itself off. Also, when the straightener does heat, it is not nearly hot enough.
I've been through 3 of these already. The "ceramic" is not real and burns your hair, it dosen't ever straighten my hair without having to go over it again and again, and it's just cheap and messes up your hair even more.
this straightener is terribleit burns my hair and makes it frizzyplus when you turn the heat level to 25, you can smell the burn/smokeplease do not buy iteven if it's this cheap, it's not worth it
I've used Conair hair dryers for years and have always been happy with them and the features they offer.  But I used this once in Germany and even after turning the switch to the correct voltage it blew out the hotel's circuit to my room.  Apparently the switch was not working or this is not dual voltage as stated in description.  Blew out the second I plugged it in and turned it on, did not even have a chance to heat up.  So, in the garbage it went with an apology to the hotel owner.  Nice end to the story, though.  He sent me to a electronic store to get a Bosch dual voltage flat iron that works great here at home with a EU to US plug adapter.
What a useless piece of junk. It won't even hold a charge for a week unused. Don't waste your money on one of these. Wish I hadn't.
I bought this because I needed a new iron fast. For the price, it's not bad, if you don't mind having crunchy hair. The other drawback of this is that it feels so cheap: the plastic handles feel as if they  will break if you press down too hard -- I prefer the Vidal Sassoon ceramic straightener and can't wait for the order to come in!
At first I loved it, it worked great on my thick coarse hair. But, just yesterday I plugged it up and the light was on and averything but there was no heat. I even left it plugged in for an extra hour hoping maybe it would heat up but it never did! Now I have to buy a new straightener and it won't be this one because there was a review similar to mine therefore I know it wasn't just my straightener.
I purchased this straighter because of the comb attachment (I had an identical one from amazon 2 years ago but I dropped it and it broke) - it is the only kind that works for my very thick hair. When it arrived there was no comb - I will be returning it.
Granted, this is a cheap straightener, but I expected it to work better. It doesn't get hot enough and strands of hair get stuck in the crevices of the plastic part. Also, I have more static in my hair because I have to run it over the same sections repeatedly because of the lack of heat. Not good for dry Ohio winters. I will say one good thing about it - the curved design of the handle is nice, but not nice enough to outweigh the negatives.
My hair is thick, course, and wavy/curly. I straightened my hair with this straightener and my hair looked great, my hair had volume, it was shiny, it had definition. Within an hour my hair needed to be straightened again. This straightener is the worst I've had. This straightener will won't keep your hair straight.
This picture is the straightner AI ordered but, not the one I received so I really cant rate this product. The one I recieved came with no box or instructions.
You see that the photo shows a "scissor" style straightener, with the hinge in the center. I was shipped a "tongs" style straightener with the hinge down at one end. I wanted the scissor style. Not happy.
One thing i did like very much was that it turns on really fast and has an option for 'turbo'. otherwise the handle is really too hot which i have to use a glove specially made for hot irons and hot curlers. i have to go over my hair with the flat iron several times and still will not get straightened. my hair for the most part flat/ straight but during this time of year i get very very little frizz. i do not recommend this flat iron. i'm saving up to buy another one from a different maker.
I received this product on tuesday...it's friday and i've put my request for a refund through already. This is a terribly cheap and painful product. It snags your hair and barely does the trick of straightening it. i fry my hair trying to get the end result. Use your money elsewhere!
When i first got this product, i was in love with it. It heated up fast and really did a good job. I had finally found a straightener that could make my ringlets pin-straight. After a month it was still heating up wonderfully, but when it hit the 1 1/2 month benchmark it stopped working! The first time it didn't work i thought maybe i just forgot to turn it on so i unplugged it and plugged it back in and made sure i turned on both buttons, the turbo and on button which i usually use, and i MADE SURE that they were lit up. Still no luck! I took it to my dad and he said that the heating element had burned up, probably because it was cheaply made. I loved this straightener because it does the job fast, but i would suggest that you not buy it if you would like to save your money. If you are looking for a great straightener, get the Revlon Professional 2&quot; Ceramic Straightener Model RV045C. Does the EXACT SAME job as the conair, but lasts for years.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;But hey, if you want to waste your money feel free to buy the conair!
My wife bought this hair straightener at Walmart and it stopped working after four months of using it only two or three times a week.
Ordered the Conair Flat Iron 2" Ceramic Straightener - Dual Voltage.Because it was SUPPOSED to have an attachable comb with it... It came up in the search for straightener with a comb and a comb was discussed in the reviews.... Yet I see no comb.  The comb was the ONLY reason that i had bought it.  My time and Christmas has been wasted.  Thanks amazon.
This product has received an overwhelming amount of good reviews on amazon...why? I have no idea...this straightener lasted us barely two months of normal household use then apparently fried. Customer service (1-800-3-CONAIR) was non-existent. If this review serves to prevent some other poor consumer from wasting their money then I have spent my time well.
I've had this straightener for a few months now and when I close the hinge mechanism and run it through my hair I then have to pry it back open with force. Super annoying. And my hair gets caught up in it all the time. Bad design.
I've had this straightener for about a year and at first I thought my awful ends were due to the hair dye that I used recently. When I went to my stylist she said that it's primarily due to the straightener. This product says to be ceramic, but it's only ceramic coating so the metal under the coating was frying my hair thus damaging it.I don't recommend it all, especially for frequent or daily use.
I bought this iron for my teen daughters - actually I bought it twice, since I didn't have much choice where I was shopping.  Both times it died.  The first iron lasted about 6 months, and the second lasted 2 weeks!  Just dies, no warning.  My girls are begging me to buy them a decent straightener that is not a Conair!  I am going to invest in a better one this time and am doing a lot of research!
DO NOT BUY THIS FROM ANYONE AT ANYSTORE!!!IT GOT SO HOT IT BURNED MY HAIR INTO NOTHING THAT FELL OUT. I HAD TO GET A HAIRCUT JUST TO EVEN IT ALL OUT. SECONDS AFTER IT BURNED MY HAIR I PUT THE UNIT DOWN ON THE COUNTER TO LOOK AT MY HAIR. WITHIN SECONDS THE UNIT HAD THE CERAMIC PLATES METLING OFF OF THE PLASTIC!!!!HEALTH AND FIRE HAZZARD
conair just really does not make great hair straighteners. i bought the full size one before, and without warning it just quit working after a 2 months. i have a revlon full-size one now (which works GREAT). i recently got my hair cut short, so i decided to go buy a cheap small one to reach the short hair in the back. turn the turbo on, blast it up to the highest temperature, and it still is not even half as hot as my revlon one thats turned on minimum. i have really thin hair, and its not even curly it just gets wavy sometimes. this thing cant even straighten that much.
The pictured flat iron, with comb attachment, is the greatest flat iron EVER. However, THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE!! They are subbing a worthless flat iron without a comb attachment... same as you could pick up at any CVS or Target for $17. It is useless... absolutely will not work. Hoping they will not make me pay return shipping for what is clearly, even in basic appearance, unrelated to what I purchased.
So  I wrote a review awhile ago when I first bought it but after using it only about three times I realized that yes first it straightens it but right after it poofs out again and its not just my hair its definitely the straightener.
I bought this product two weeks ago in a pinch (my old flat iron was destroyed after being used as a chew toy), and it has stopped functioning altogether. The "Power" and "Turbo" lights will illuminate with no problem, but the plates don't heat up. I'm assuming I was unfortunate enough to get my hands on a defective model, but buyer beware: Sometimes $20 for a flat iron is just too good to be true.
I've had several Conair flat irons over the years.  They last about a year and eventually give out so I buy another.  It's cheap so didn't bother me all that much.  The last one I had however malfunctioned in a very bad way.  The heating element got so hot is actually singed my hair right off!  Since I've had several of these and know how my hair reacts to different settings this is certainly not user error where the setting was too high.  How hot does it have to get to actually singe hair off?!  Horrible!After months of trying to recondition my poor hair that didn't have to be cut off it's worth the expense of a better quality iron to never have this happen again.  Off to better brands which do not include anything made by Conair...
This straightener will probably do a really good job on shorter hair, but it does not get hot enough to make my hair silky smooth and dead straight. Granted, it was less than 20 bucks.I suggest this straightener for short hair, but my hair is extremely long and wavy, and this straightener didn't grant me the smooth, thin texture I desired. If you invest in some good styling products, however, it might work for you.I am now buying a Hot Tools one, that brand works well and the products are less expensive than HAI or CHI straighteners.
This is a horrible straightener!  It is very bulky and very easy to hit the on/off settings when using the straightener.  It is way too bulky to use.
I mistakenly purchased this based on the positive reviews here. I "thought" I needed a dual voltage iron to do my hair for a long stay in the UK. I have long, thick, wavy hair that normally presses nicely. I liked the size of the iron, as I thought it would speed up my styling time while overseas. First warning sign: this product arrived in a plastic bag. No box. No instructions. I chalked that up to Amazon saving money or something. I took it with me to the UK and the one and only time I used it, with a plug adapter (not voltage, since it's supposed to be dual voltage) it destroyed my hair. I mean it snagged, ripped, broke and burned my hair--there were shard-like strands everywhere and it hurt to try to pull it through--and this was used with good professional protective product. Normally I use a HAI with the highest heat setting, so I know this iron wasn't too hot--since it wasn't even straightening my hair. I had to stop using it halfway through and toss my hair up into a pony tail. Later that week, I picked up a proper UK ceramic/tourmaline iron for less than 20 GBP at Boots that worked great during my time there. It's not even worth the bother to buy this, if you were only planning to use it abroad. Just buy one when you get there--you know it will work.
This may be a good hot iron for people with slightly wavy hair but my hair is extremely curly at the roots. I used it for less than two weeks and noticed my hair was extremely dry and i had a lot of fly aways.
When it comes to beauty products, I have recently learned that when you try to cheap out and cut corners, what you end up with is worth every penny.This straightener is highly inexpensive.  I purchased it when I cut my hair short, with every intention of maintaining it straight, at least for the weekends (I have naturally very curly hair.)  This product worked for me for roughly 5 months, but never ideal.  It snagged my hair, the plates were too big for my cut (which can be blamed on my own oversight.)  However, very recently, it gained two heat settings: off and burning my hair off.  No matter what setting on the dial I have it set too (1-25), turbo on or off, it gets hot enough to damage my hair and even burn some off.  I've had to totally alter my cut and style to cover up the missing parts of my hair, and had to shell out money on products to repair the damage (dry, incredibly kinky and irreperable hair that time is not repairing [other than it falling out.])My hair is one of my favorite parts of me, and now I am totally floored but the damage done to it by this product.  And yes, I was using a pre-treatment to try and prevent such a thing from occuring, and it still happened on heat setting 1.  I have now thrown this in the garbage and done my proper research on Follica.com to choose the best (and best priced) straightener.  In my opinion, sometimes it's well worth it to shell out the extra money for a much much better product that will last you much much longer.
This this is AWFUL! my hair is completly fried, and after 2 weeks it doesnt even straighten anymore.Dont waist your money
This worked well - the first time we used it.  About a month later (using this on occasion to straighten my daughter's hair) it would not turn on.  Bummer.
Mine was fine the first week or so I had it. I use it an average of 2 times per week. By the second week (about 4 uses) it stopped heating up as much. It was enough to get my hair somewhat straight, but not enough. I called the company and asked what I can do about it since my 90 days is up at the store. They told me to package it, pay to ship it back, AND write them a check for them to ship me a new one. That was going to cost more than buying a new one. Their response was that I had no other options. I told them my option would be to buy another brand. I have seen more than one review saying this happens. Do they not see a problem here?
I bought this ceramic straightener this morning and was hoping it would at least do a somewhat decent job on my hair until I am able to save up to buy a really good professional one like "Solia". Let's just say, "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!" I wouldn't even call this a straightener! It just sucks!!! I had to go over the same strips of hair over and over about 5 times! I have healthy hair and it still did not do it's job and it was constantly tearing out peices of hair! I had it on the highest setting "25" due to my hair being medium thick and with a wave to it. It took me literally about an hour to do my whole head of hair which is all one length and stops a little below my shoulders! I was getting so tired, that I almost gave up half way through! In the end my hair still had a frizz to it and still had waves! What a waste of time and money! Not to mention that now I have the hassle of going back to the store to get a refund! Oh what fun! Don't bother trying this one. It just doesn't work!!!
If you want to end up with a frizzy look, and get your hair pulled by the flat iron plates, you should buy this item.I wished I have never get this, is a terrible product, doesn't do the work, and damage your hair. you better save your money, than buy this crappy product.
If you are looking for the Conair flat iron with the comb attachment as is shown in the picture - DO NOT PURCHASE it here.  You will NOT receive what is pictured.  You will get a "new" Conair model that DOES NOT have the attachment.  I was looking to replace my old iron that finally died after about 4 years and I loved this unit.  I looked in all my local stores and could not find the exact replacement so I assumed Conair had updated this model when I checked Amazon.com I was delighted as I thought I would get what was pictured but did not - they shipped the same "new" model that I saw in the stores.  Therefore I am giving a one star review as they did not ship what was pictured (I have returned what they shipped).  If they would have shipped what I wanted I would have given a 5 star as I loved the old model with the comb attachment - :(
I bought this because the reviews were so great.  However, I dont like this iron. It takes soo long to do my hair. it's too big, and its hard to get your hair in it.
Did not become hot enough to do the job.  Poor quality all around.  Returned this item after one attempt to use.
This product didn't meet my expectations. It doesn't straighten hair well. I understand now why it was so cheap. I don't recommend it!
I took the Instant Heat Ceramic Straightener to Scotland & Ireland.  I used both an adapter and converter when plugging in thestraightener.  Upon plugging it in the straightener started to smoke.  Unplugged it immediately and traveled without a straightener.When got back to the States and tried to use the straightener it no longer worked.  Trashed it and had many bad hair days whiletraveling.
This product DOES NOT come with the comb and brush attachment as decribed. I paid for shipping on an item I literally could have bought across the street at Target.
All I have to say about this product is in the title. I don't care to waste any more time on this terrible product unless it prevents others from buying this thing.
Over the years, I have been continually disappointed with Conair products, and with this item, I have decided I will never buy one again! This is not a true ceramic iron (a friend schooled me)-- the plates are &quot;ceramic coated.&quot; So basically it's a regular straightening iron with a layer of cheap &quot;ceramic&quot; over the plates. My hair did not achieve the promised &quot;professional&quot; results, and went back to wavy in a few hours. Unfortunately, ceramic irons are one of those professional items you have to pay the top $ to get a good product. The same friend suggests either a Solano or Baybliss (quite reasonably priced).
I've used several straightening irons before, and this is the worst one ever. Conair makes good straightening irons sometimes, and that's what makes me so angry about the quality of this one--they know better. You can't do a single swipe of the iron without it snagging some of the hair in the border around the heated iron section. What good is straight hair if you have zillions of flyaways? Time for a new brand of straightening iron.
Unless you have super fine and already straight hair. I purchased this flat iron for a trip aboard and did everything in my power to not need to use it. One pass through my fine, but slightly thick hair and the iron would have to reheat. That alone would take 10-20 seconds to reheat again. I needed a few passes through the pieces to get them straight, so the flat ironing process took forever, especially in a bathroom with only one plug. I returned this item upon my return.
I've been using Conair products a very long time.  My previous Conair straightener died after nearly 10 yrs.  It was well made and sturdy.  This item from Conair is cheaply made from plastic (besides the plates), my hair got caught in the plates because there is a small spaces at the edges, resulting in pulling out my hair - Ouch!  After only a few months, it stopped working altogether so have to return it to the manufacturer.  Totally disappointed in this version made in China instead of USA.
I recieved this flat iron for a gift a couple of days ago, and it has been the worst gift ever.I have curly, dry, and relativly thin hair and this iron does almost nothing to it, even when turned to full power.It took forever to heat up, and after every two swipes of literaly strands of hair (which is the only way I could get it to work) I had to wait for it to heat up again!It takes literaly hours to straighten my hair with this! I'm so glad I didn't shell out any money for this, as it is quite literaly the WORST flat iron ever.
I bought same brand , but with the wet setting from target long time ago, but they dont stock it anymore. I needed a dual voltage one for travelling and that is why i got this one thinking it is the same. But it was very weak, does not heat up properly, no indicator like the other one to tell you it reached the desired temperature and of course no wet setting.  The part above the plates was scratched and sort of color bleached and patchy.  It does not make the hair shine or smooth. Would not recommend to anyone.
My number one complaint of this iron is the cord. Within a month, it was completely twisted; within two months, the cord was twisted over on itself.  I was forced to try to style my hair one foot away from the electrical outlet.  I got tired of bending and twisting over my counter; and the results were still hardly worth it.Additionally, the narrow width is a major drawback.  I bought this iron primarily to create a flipped-out look, so I thought the narrow width would be an asset, as well as great money-saver.  However, I was much more pleased with the results when I used a wider flat iron, because then it would flip out more of my hair more quickly since I could hold more hair in a 2" grip rather than a 3/4" grip.Also, the narrow width really added to the time it took to straighten my hair overall--because I had to go over each strand several times, or risk damaging my hair by moving it very slowly.  Plus, I had to use thinner strands of hair, because the width kept the heat from thoroughly heating and straightening thicker sections of hair.I'm not sure that you would have to spend more money to get a better product, but I am sure that (1) the cord defect renders the product almost unusable after you've had it too long to send it back or have lost your receipt; and (2) a straightener is something that you will use often enough to justify spending the money on a product recommended by your stylist or a friend.
I purchased this iron in hopes to be able to nicely straighten my hair after blowdrying. This product is just not good at all. I cannot getas close to the root as I would like. It doesn't straighten well. You'll have to go over a section of hair multiple times to get a somewhat decent result. If I were you, I'd invest money in a good ceramic flat iron like a CHI or Biosilk. Both of those work great.
Some sort of an electric pre-shave lotion makes for a very nice shave. Therefore, when I saw this product, I tried it out. The liquid conditioner that is automatically applied with this shave has a very strong fragrance. (SO strong that it gave me a headache- How would YOU like it if someone chose a fragrance for you to wear, a fragrance that you didn't like? :-( ). If it were possible for me to replenish the conditioner cartridges with my very favorite &quot;Williams Lectric Shave,&quot; I would keep this shaver. However, Braun is trying to make a market for themselves in these cartridges and they are one-time use.
There is no seal between the lid and bottle; and the top flips open with very little pressure. This might be convenient in the shower, but it's terrible when the bottle opens during delivery and spills body wash over everything else in the order. It's not worth the time and hassle of returning or replacing other items, especially when this is not a returnable item. If you must order it, order it alone.In addition to the issue with the lid, the body wash left residue on my hands. It seems to be a different formula than the bottles and jars sold in physical stores.
Thankfully the other items were in platic, and alike in purchased so there was no damage done. Just a mess. I love St. Ives as a product, the Apricot scrub is great, and is priced well here. However I will definetly not buy it here again do to the messy experience I got to clean up upon its arrival.
I should have bothered to read the ingredients listed!! Argh. Had no idea it contained Sodium Laureth Sulfate. Dries up my hair, making it much drier than it already is. Wasted purchase.
It's okay, but nothing to take home to mother.  I don't know if I'd bother to reorder once my 6 bottles are up.
I bought this in hopes that my thinning hair would have the results i read everywhere else. It dried out my hair and made it look even thinner. So I can not give a good review, I dont know if its my hair type or what. i have oily hair to begin with so I was not worried about the dryness that other people talked about, however my hair was extremely flat and dried out, I even gave it a couple weeks just to be sure, and it was just gross, by the end of the day I felt like I needed to shower again. My hair was limp and lifeless, and by the end of the day not even smooth anymore just funky.
I really didn't notice any difference AT ALL, and I used for several months, it isn't any different from any other shampoo out there. Wodn't recommend.
I'm a lower 30s yo man. I have been suffering from thinning hair and loosing it for around 10 years. I have tried dozens of products to improve it, from cheap to expensive. The best, most effective thing so far has been Rogaine 5% minoxidil foam. It does make hair grow and stop its falling. Nevertheless, it does little with the thinning hair problem, so even though I do have more hair, I needed something to make it fuller, as to have the same density/coverage in all of my head.So, based on the linking of this product with Rogaine, and the good reviews it has, I decided to give it a try, In spite of its high price ($43, including s/h), which is expensive to me. Few days after I started using it, I noticed plenty of hairs on my hands when lathering it up on my head, similar to my worst days of hair loosing, before using Rogaine. Because of the excellent reviews and the high cost I paid, I kinda ignored it, thought maybe was normal at the beginning. I continued using it for the same reasons up to 1 month, and the same kept happening, until I decided to stop using it. I did notice some increase in hair thickness, so maybe it's suitable for some people and not others.So now, I have less hair and less money. I'm sticking with my normal routine again; Rogaine, Johnson's Tear Free Baby Shampoo, and 1 Vitamin E 400 IU capsule per day.As I said, I did see some increase in thickness, so I'd only recommend this product to people who can afford it's high price and don't mind loosing hair when trying it, because maybe some people don't loose their hair when using it like I did.
This shampoo is just regular shampoo at a premium price. They're ripping men with hair loss off with this cheap &#34;solution&#34; using the Rogaine brand name.Let me repeat: This shampoo is no better than one dollar VO5 shampoo from Dollar Tree.Again: THE INGREDIENTS ARE NO DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER SHAMPOO.You're getting ripped off by paying a premium price for a brand name, but this shampoo does nothing to stop hair loss. You're not getting ANYTHING that any other shampoo doesn't provide.
I tried this product and would not recommend it. It dried out my hair and I did not see any improvement in my hair. I should have known because its only a shampoo and like most shampoos it will only clean the hair. What would help is if they come out with a shampoo + conditioner version so that it can clean an treat your hair.
very good product if you are losing your hair go ahead and buy it, it works excellent
May be its my hair and my scalp, but it itches my scalp. I used it for three days, and I stopped.
went through 3 bottles and i have lost more hair. I switched to regen pure after a lengthy article stating that it works better. I am using that along with nioxin (which is supposed to give it volue). My hair loss comes from the front. I am also using a minoxidil product as well.  I will update in a month. BUT AVOID THIS PRODUCT. It's basically rogaine using their name to extend their product line to shampoos.
It's just regular shampoo being marketed by the makers of Rogaine...there is nothing special about it aside from it's price.
Product was recommended to help thicken thin, limp hair....just because Rogaine makes it, it should be great, right?....not only did it not thicken my hair, it, actually, made it oily, and even more limp....try something else!
This was a fiasco.  Following the directions exactly resulted in every mirror and surface in the bathroom being splattered by various cleansers and solutions.  After the buffing brush slung a wad of abrasion cream in my eye (causing squeals of agony) I decided to call it quits and start cleaning up the mess.  I have a better idea: get some soap, some facial scrub, some toner, and some spf moisturizer.  Wash your face, scrub it, tone it, and moisturize it.  The results will be exactly the same, cleanup will be much easier, and unless you buy .5oz tubes of each, you'll have a lot more product left when you're done.
This is so ironic. No chip top cover chips like crazy. It chips even those polishes that didn't really chip much without it. Ridiculous.
I have very thick toenails so this product looked to be a godsend. I followed the directions exactly. Final analysis? Doesn't work. Save yourself some money and do this instead: fill a large bowl or bucket with very warm water and either bath oil or olive oil. Make sure you have a towel for your feet, and a good book or magazine to read. Soak your feet for at least 30 minutes - 45 is even better. Take one foot out of the water, pat dry and cut the nails Immediately before they start to dry and harden. Keep the other foot in the foot-soak while cutting the first foot's nails. Then repeat with the other foot. If your nails are still hard to cut, soak for longer. This of course works really great when someone else is doing the cutting and all you're doing is soaking and reading :-)
RAMY Blush in 2 ShadesA big disappointment.  I have medium skin color and the shade I chose was the Alive.  It was not at all visable, actually seemed to match my skin tone.  I gave it to my fair skinned daughter, and it did not not even show up on her.  Since thrown away, it was just a waste of money.
I've use this cream before and it works great for my dry skinBut heres what happened, it didnt have a seal inside the container... so it leaked inside the shipping box... oil everywhere!!! I've used this cream before but this looks nothing like what i used... it looked like a big chunk of fat... and oil dripping like a bbq stake... its wasnt creamy at all... doesn't smell good either.. smells old... I bought it because of the price.. and now my money just went down the drain... i cant use this... i rather drive to rite-aid and pay few dollar extra :-/
The product description deceptively stated, &#34;Our products are inspired by nature&#8217;s finest ingredients because they are safer, and often more effective, than harsh chemicals and unnecessary additives. We use natural elements like cocoa butter that are rich with vitamins and natural emollient properties to moisturize, soften and nurture your skin and hair&#34;. When it arrived, the ingredients list contained few natural sounding ingredients. The list was Paraffinum Liquidum, Aqua, Beeswax, Paraffin, Theobroma Cacao Seed Butter, Sodium Borate, Lanolin, Stearyl Alcohol, Fragrance, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Red 33, and Red 40.
Red spots appeared and my belly started to itch after I used this product for a week. Probably some ingredient in it is causing the allergic reaction.
In the winter I tend to get dryer skin, scalp included.  This past winter I made an effort to not take longer and/or hotter showers and I purchased this conditioner along with the shampoo to help.  It did nothing for me.  I was better off with some Head and Shoulders.
Well, I tried this for heartburn and acid reflux.  It worked for a couple of weeks, then not so much.  I didn't really mean to get this huge jug,itmust have been in my shopping cart, and when I purchased something else, it was included.  Hate that! Must be more careful next time.
Compare this product to other aloe vera drinks and the first thing you will come to understand is....aloe has a distinct taste.  George's aloe vera drink is not aloe vera at all.  It's filtered water.  Don't waste your money.  Or try it and have it tested and see for yourself.
Not the fault of the quality control or anything -- I apparently had a very rare reaction, but this product is clearly not for me
I ordered a gallon of this liquid..... and was sent only 1/2 gallon. I know specifically I clicked on the one gallon. Anyway I would have never spent 17.00 with shipping and handling on that little of an amount. Customer service denied that is what I ordered and of course I have revisited this site and the problem has been corrected. I have used this aloe "miracle product" and I was not impressed. I found a better alternative at the Xmas tree store in the health food isle for 5.99 with much better results. Plus I didnt have to pay for any shipping cost. I will NEVER buy another product from these clowns again.
I had tried AloeCure before I got this stuff and I concluded that Aloe was helpful to me. When I saw George's Aloe Vera I had high hopes for it as it had 5 stars which was very impressive and the price was much lower. One thing they claim is that it tastes like water. I've confirmed this fact, however I've also concluded that it smells like water, has the same consistency as water, transparency and even evaporates and doesn't leave any film at all, just like water. I've found no improvements with this product however with the other aloe I did. My conclusion, this is really a good deal for this much aloe, but I think it's because it's not aloe, it's actually water. Expensive water.
I think I may have just payed $30 bucks for a gallon of water. Tastes nothing like aloe vera and has the consistency of water.
I love this product I'm using it for my Macaws one of which is a feather plucker/chewer it has been working nicely my problem is that I ordered this gal. jug in plenty of time so I wouldn't run out and I have NOT received it yet and now you are asking me to rate the service/product. I'm very frustrated and want my product. Thank-you
Does not taste like anything other than plain water! Not sure it is aloe drink at all.  Won't buy it again
There is a misprint which is making this page a false advertisement.  The title says clearly 32 ounces, and it says 32 ounces in the description, but when you go to the item page itself, to add it to your cart, it then displays its true size of 12 ounces.
This product used to smell so great when using it to wash up or shower, now it's just blah. It used to smell so good I'd buy them for everyone I knew just about, now it's grade F-, no good at all.The entire area you used it at used to smell amazing, now they have this note on it saying"MORE SUSTAINABLE", but seems to me someone convinced them they could save big money by taking out the very thing that makes it attractive, so now all their loyal customers are going bye bye, I know I am. If anyone can point me to a body wash that smells great like lemon, give me a ring, thank you.
The package didn't come on time, eventhough I paid more money for guarantee 2 days shipping. No one contact me for that issues. When I contact with amazon customer service, the representative told me that they will give me $5 credit for next purchasing, that's it. It 's mean that if I want to get 5 bucks from amazon I have to buy another items !!!!! Due to my oder didn't come on time, I 'd lost my relationship because that was a gift for my sister who live oversea,  I buy it for her as a gift but it hurt me a lot , and Amazon lost nothing. I was disapointed with Amazon .
the box was opened, the product half spilled and wet all over and the bottle was not even closed right
Have ordered this product a couple of times and on both occassions it  arrived with the container damaged and the product spilt.  Amazon has yet to get the packing right so until then I'll look for it at a local store.
I complained to the company and was told that they had to change the formula in order to call it organic.  I don't know if the requirements changed or they weren't compliant in the first place, but the change was not good.  I used to love this product but not anymore.  The same thing happened with their lemon shampoo and their Vit C facial cream.  They should have changed the label rather than the products!
I cant get this thing to curl at all. Even when i can get all my lashes into this strange contraption, it still does not curl them. Dont waste your money.
This conditioner does not work for me. My hair is greasier and heavier after using this product. It was a waste of my money.
when i got the package the shampoo bottle was leaking and the pump doesn't work.very dissapoined and had to replace with other pump
I purchased this in a store because it smelled so good. I love pure lavender. It's the only scent I use (I don't care for lavender mixed with other scents). However, this conditioner is no good. (Neither is the shampoo for that matter). It simply does not condition! You end up wasting a lot just to get your hair slightly conditioned and then you can't get a comb to go through it for all the tangles. Save your money!
I'm seeing reviews saying it left people's hair dry and wiry... I don't know about that, but it left my hair UNBELIEVABLY greasy. Even after my next shower with no conditioner... Still just about as greasy. It seriously looked like I hadn't washed my hair in months. It was way too expensive to begin with, and ended up being the worst conditioner I have ever used.
By putting a good amount in the palm of my hand, this conditioner has a citrus smell and no, but does not smell of lavender.I did everything that is written on the bottle of conditioner; masajie for 3 minutes, then rinse.The results were negative, my hair dry and tangled term, my hair had not smell the conditioner (I had no smell or lavender or lemon).I think this conditioner could serve a very oily hair and buttery.
I was so excited to order this, I had heard a bunch of beauty articles talking about how clarifying conditioner is a great buy and is not as harsh as shampoo is to your hair but still does the same job. This seemed like it would be a good buy (being organic, lavender scent and all).This did NOT work with my hair at all. It is so thick (even thicker than usual conditioner) and it feels like it doesn't even get through my hair? It does not make my hair soft at all, even in the shower. It just felt like I put super thick lotion in my hair, and the product just built up. I couldn't even finish my shower using just this because my hair was still full of knots. I had to resort back to my original shampoo/conditioner.Furthermore, the scent of this is so strong. The best word I can use to describe it is &#34;herbal&#34;. It's like a strong herbal medicine scent. I got lavender thinking it would be like how bubble bath lavender is, or like a lavender candle. But this just smells like herbs. It's not necessarily repulsive, it's just strong and I would prefer some other scent.I didn't want to waste this big bottle of it I bought so right now I am just using it as a shaving cream lol. I'm so disappointed this did not work out for me.
I always try to use organics on my hair.  My store happened to be out of the conditioner that I normally use so I thought I would try the Avalon Nourishing Lavender Conditioner.  It was a bit more expensive than my normal brand but I needed to buy something so I choose the Avalon.  I tend to have dry hair so I need something that will help me with that.  After only one use, I noticed that it was as if I didn't use a conditioner at all.  Then I thought that maybe I didn't use enough, so the next time I used a little more. My hair was a disaster.  Looked horrible, my hair was breaking off when I was trying to comb through it after the shampoo/conditioning and when it dried it looked as though my hair hadn't been washed in a week. So now I'm in a bad mood and out $10.  Unless you have extremely oily hair and don't care about your cosmetic dollars, I would advise that if you come across this product on the store shelves or online, you move on to the next product.
Very unimpressed.  Even as I was rinsing it out it did not felt like it had softened my hair. When it was dry, it was still very tangled and very dry. Useless. Save your money.
AVALON USED TO SMELL GREAT, SO MUCH THAT I WOULD LOOK FORWARD TO A SHOWER, IT WAS LITERALLY AROMATHERPY, BUT NOT ANYMORE. THEY CHANGED THE INGREDIENTS BECAUSE THEY GOT BIG CONTRACTS WITH SUPERMARKETS, SO NOW THEIR PRODUCTS ARE CRAP, YOU CAN BARELY SMELL ANYTHING WHEN YOU USE THE PRODUCT,CHEAP CRAP THAT IS OUT THERE IS BETTER THAN AVALON IS NOW. I CALLED THEM AND TOLD THEM HOW I FELT, THEY SAID IT WAS THEIR FIRST CALL LIKE THAT, BUT THAT WAS NOT TRUE BECAUSE I SEE REVIEWS SAYING THE SAME BELOW THIS REVIW, AN DON MANY SITES.  AVALON HAS FAILED BECAUSE THEY GOT GREEDY, THEY FOUND OUT HOW MUCH MONEY THEY'D MAKE IF THEY TOOK OUT THE QUALITY STUFF IN THEIR PRODUCTS, AND SAID BASICALLY SCREW THE CUSTOMER.
I used be a fan of this company's products, Not any more.Shampoo is tolerable but my hair suffers from this so called conditioner.I have straight and shiny hair.The conditioner is like paste, there is no lavender fragrance, no smoothness, makes my hair very stiff, dry, dull and lifeless.No any conditioners I have been using in my entire life does such thing to my hair.I really wonder how this product was born.I am staying away from Avalon.
I have very curly dry hair and needed a conditioner that makes my hair smooth and soft. This one doesn't help at all. It's like using no conditioner and as such a waste of my money.  I cannot get through my hair even with the biggest comp after using this product. Beside that I don't smell any Lavender, actually I don't smell anything at all. Not a happy camper.
My family has been switching to organic and all-natural personal care products, so when my husband saw this conditioner he bought a bottle for me. 'Unfortunately, this is HORRIBLE stuff. Putting it on in the shower, it doesn't feel like you're actually using a product designed to condition hair. Once rinsed, my hair felt rough -- rougher than if I hadn't used this product at all. Afterward, I could hardly get a comb through my fine, straight hair. The only positive thing: it smelled nice.Then I looked more closely at the label. Although the brand name, Avalon Organics, implies the contents are organic, the fine print says only 70% is. That was enough to send me to the Environmental Working Group's Skin Deep Database to look up the rating on this stuff. Imagine my surprise when it received a 4 (the recommended safe level for products is 0-3).In short: bad for hair, bad for those looking for organics, bad for everyone's health.
The individual strands of my hair are thick and wavy, so I appreciate a really nourishing conditioner that helps prevent frizz. Forget clarifying conditioners if you have my kind of hair!  I recommend this if you are looking for a thick kind of conditioner--clearly some of the less-than-five-star reviews are not looking for this. Whether you have hair like mine, or thick, unruly, damaged, etc--or just need a deep conditioning treatment to use on the ends, I think this stuff is the best bang for your buck out there. I buy for $9 or $10 at the local organic delis in NYC but have seen it online for $7. I would also recommend the peppermint shampoo and the peppermint body lotion has become something I cannot live without.UPDATE: This lemon conditioner is nothing like what it used to be. Avalon reformulated all their products (I called and asked). Look around at other recent reviews and you'll see I am not the only one. Very disappointing because the old formula was simply amazing.
Didn't smooth hair at all. Kept trying. No success. Lost hair instead. Bought 2. Big mistake. Will not buy again.
I know that a &#34;clean&#34; shampoo isn't going to work or feel the same as a mainstream shampoo loaded with SLS, parabens, etc, but I requested a refund on this as well as the matching conditioner and the tea tree Avalon shampoo. They were terrible in my opinion, my straight, otherwise easy hair wasn't even combable.
This is by far the worst conditioner I've ever used.  I tried using small amounts, large amounts, rinsing well, rinsing lightly.  No matter what I did this conditioner left my hair weighed down feeling very heavy and yet not moisturized.  Even when applying it in the shower it never made it easy for me to run my fingers through my hair or felt soft and smoothing as other conditioners do for me.  After using this conditioner it would take 24 HOURS to air dry my hair.  That's right. If I showered in the morning, my hair would remain damp until I woke up the next morning.  I have well behaved straight and smooth hair which normally air dries in around an hour and a half.I don't understand how a product could be so heavy and yet so non-nourishing at the same time.  I tried to make the best of this product, but after three weeks I just couldn't put up with it any longer. I have been using natural SLS free shampoo and conditioner for 6 months and I have never run into this before.  Save yourself the money and the bad hair days, do not buy this product.
I used to love this product. It worked so efficiently and the texture was wonderful. But they lessened the essential oil and put "more sustainable" ingredients. Now it feels like some kind of medicine cream, glue or diaper cream on my hair. It doesn't matter how much you use it. It does not condition my hair at all. I'm sadly returning all my stocks. I am so, so, so disappointed by their change.
I love their products but this one left my hair feeling heavy and thick.  Was hard to wash out ... Really
Apparently the formula was changed.  When applying it feels like nothing has been applied, but when I dry my hair it feels as if I haven't washed my hair in 5 days.  It just leaves my hair all oily and greasy and completely ugly.  I used to love this brand, now I won't buy any more from them.
This conditioner dried my hair out SO bad. I used it for about a week and had to stop :(
Do not buy this conditioner!!  I've been testing out several all natural conditioners over the past 6 months and this is the worst one!  The ingredient list is good, but it leaves my hair a tangled mess.  I couldn't even comb it out with a wide tooth comb!  I read other reviews and found out that Avalon Organics recently changed their formula, a lot of people have stopped purchasing it because of this.  Please, do yourself a favor and don't bother getting any of their conditioners.  I like Trader Joe's Tea Tree Tingle conditioner.  My hair is tangle free and very soft after using that one, it's a lot cheaper too!
I have arbitrarily chosen the conditioner, but the following applies to EVERY SINGLE product in this company line.It's commonly known fact that most of the cosmetic companies claiming to be organic actually are NOT (such as Nature's Gate, Kiss My Face, Dessert Essence, Jason, etc.).The reason Avalon (NON)"Organic" is the worst offender in my eyes is1. the fact that they actually have the audacity to use the word in their name, while their products still contain synthetic, and potentially carcinogen ingredients and2. I have gotten duped by them in the past and spent a lot of money on their products before realizing how blatantly dishonest their marketing tactics were.It used to be even worse in the past when they first showed up on the market.Enticed by the name, I happily jumped on the bandwagon and kept buying their shampoos, conditioners and lotions (foolishly without reading the Ingredient label), only to find out A LOT later that they all were laden with all kinds of harmful chemicals, it's just that there was some "natural stuff' thrown on top so it sounded more enticing (and misleading).Even though recently they have 'cleaned their act' significantly, and they now claim "70% of ingredients are organic"...  where does it leave the remaining 30%?(these ingredients, among others, are still questionable: Tocopheryl Acetate, Benzyl Alcohol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Coumarin, Limonene, Linalool and little less so Cetyl Alcohol, Stearic Acid, Stearyl Alcohol).I have stopped buying this line long time ago, even though the overall quality MIGHT BE higher than other commercial brands.  Such level of dishonesty in business practice is completely unacceptable to me.PS  For those doubting what I just wrote or not familiar with the facts, pls. do search on "Organic Fraud in Cosmetics" or similar topic.  You will be surprised with the results.Here is just one example (taken from [...](Quote):"Such brands as Avalon Organics, Nature's Gate and Giovanni make organic claims on products whose main cleansing and moisturizing ingredients are generally made without any organic material whatsoever and are usually composed in significant part from petrochemicals."
Over the years I am a hair product junkee looking for something that really works. My hair is dry and bleached out so I thought I would try this product but it does not work on my hair at all. I can't even finish the product, I am throwing it out. It does not condition my hair like I thought it would from reading the reviews. I was hoping it would work better because I want to use more natural products but without the conditioning, I was pulling hair out when I combed it after I washed and conditioned it. I tried Avalon shampoo too and am not impressed.
I used to love this conditioner, but it has been reformulated. It doesn't detangle and it leaves my hair dull and sticky. There is a sticker on the bottle that says "New More Sustainable". I appreciate their efforts for sustainability, but if it doesn't work, no one will buy it. I have long fine hair, so some people may not have the same issues with it, but I don't think they did a good job of testing the new formula before they put it on the market.
Although I received this product in a very timely manner, the product has changed. I have used Avalon for over a year and it was the best fragrance free conditioner. However, the formula has changed and it is HORRIBLE! My hair was dry and so incredibly knotted that it took forever to get a brush through it. I will not be using Avalon ever again. I did contact Avalon and they confirmed that the formulas have changed. So sad for me!
I have 4c hair. Once this product is gone i will.not repurchase becaue it does nothing for my hair but tingles free the likeable mint on my scalp. After my hair is drying, i have to rescupitate my strands to regain moisture...this product was 12...and the company should pay me for trying their hyped up lie.
Does not lubricate or soften hair. Not even while in the shower. I followed the instructions and even left it on longer than recommended. It made no difference. My hair was just as tangled after rinsing it off. Basically, it does no conditioning, whatsoever.
Doesn't seem to condition well.  It's great that it does not have sulfates or parabens, not sure if the strengthening aspect it touts is true, but leaves my hair pretty wiry . . . not much of a difference from a 'no-conditioner' day!
Worst product ever doesnot live up to sdds yellow hand and skin color marbled the number needed to use versus cost unrealistic. Very poor item I felt ripped off over this junk.
I bought this cologne in 2011 based on some good reviews online. I'm sad to report it's not at all or even close to what it should be. This cologne smells much like something worn by someone that's 50 years plus (perhaps 80yrs old Grama). I dare not wear it around a lady who is under 38 years old. But than again, there a fragrance or every occasion :). Won't be purchasing this one again.
Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly, however the first time I used it, it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush.  Very brittle must be very old cant use it.
I love gloGloss in 'Naked' but was quite disappointed when I got sent 'Starstruck'. The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside ..Not happy!!
no way -I cannot believe I ordered this after I got a sample from them - they fooled me! I feel like the color doesn't stay on too long  and I have to keep applying and reapplying over and over again - even when I just put it on. I am not obsessed with lipstick or anything,. but when you pay $12, you expect it to be quality. I got sucked in by the sample - that is all. Will use it, but not buy it again. Quality is important to me.
I ordered four of these.  They were so old that there was not enough propelent to force the product out of the can and foam.  Disposed of all of the into the trash where they belonged in the first place.  Not worth the price of shipping to return them.
I don't Believe that this product are from Christina Aguilera the bottle isn't the same as the site of Christina
I was excited when I found this item, thinking it would solve my salon visit problems as I cannot bend forward or backward. When it came and I opened it I was appalled. I've no idea how the product picture was taken! There is no way anyone could use this. First of all, it is NOT adjustable. One size fits all. Secondly, the plastic is so stiff and unbending that it's almost impossible to wrestle it into anything resembling the picture. Even if your head was big enough to fit in it, there is only a thin cloth strip sewn along the edge of the hard plastic to keep water from simply pouring all around you. If it were actually like the picture, it would be a great thing. How the other person who wrote a review got this to work on a child, I cannot imagine! A great sounding idea but not ready for consumers yet.
I tried it with some hope to improve my frizzy curly hair, no result. I would say my hair became more frizzy.WAIST OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and time
First of all, the shipping was very slow. Secondly, I feel that they sold me a watered down perfume either that or it's a fake.I bought from this seller because I thought the price was pretty cheapt. It's actually cheaper than how much I would normally pay for it.I have been using Design for over 10 years. I've always used the Parfum kind.I recently ran out so I've decided to use Amazon to get a new one.I was a little worried that I'm going to get a copy catter, but I took my chances anyway and purchased from this seller.Typically, I only have to spray just a little bit to get the smell that last all day.but unfortunately this is not the case here. With this one I bought from this sellerI have to keep spraying all day to keep the smell up. It's very disappointing and I get upset each time I use this perfume.I really feel that this perfume is watered down or this company did something to it.Like I said, I have over 10 years experience with this brand and I never onesdoubted it. I still don't, but I very much doubt this seller. I think they sold me a watered down perfumeand that's the bottom line. I'm very disappointed and I will never buy from this seller again.Please people if you're thinking of buying from this sellerplease think twice and investigate first. Please take my review into consideration. You don't want to make the same mistake I did.I feel that this company is doing something with their perfume so they could sell them at a low cost and still make profits. Either thator they're selling fake stuff.Pleas sellers, stop screwing people over.
I was really excited when I finally received PCA Skin PHaze 13 Pigment Gel after reading mostly positive reviews. I'm 31 years old, have olive toned skin and brown spots on my cheeks. My skin is not sensitive. I was really disappointed! I used this product 2x/day for 4 months (religiously). My skin dried out (as expected) but my brown spots did not lighten up at all. It would be worth it to have dry skin if it meant lightening my brown spots, but the dry skin only made my face look wrinkly. I did exfoliate gently but nothing seemed to help. Yes, I use sunscreen everyday and I tried to stay out of the sun. I did everything by the book but it did not work at all. After I stopped using this product, for a few months, my skin continued to remain extremely dry. It's been a year since I stopped using this product and my skin seemed to recover from the extreme dryness. I'm still in search of a miracle product!I have been using a really good sunscreen moisturizer called: La Roche-Posay Anthelios SX Daily Moisturizing Cream SPF 15 with Mexoryl SX. I highly recommend this for those that get brown spots! Usually, in the summer, no matter how much I try to stay out of the sun, I develop new brown spots or my old brown spots get really dark. This amazing sunscreen helped to prevent more brown spots!!! PLEASE NOTE: It DOES NOT reduce or lighten the brown spots but it prevents new ones from appearing and it prevents the old ones from getting even darker! I used this during my summer trip to Hawaii and it really prevented new brown spots!!!Now that I know how to prevent them, I want to know how to get rid of them! I heard that laser treatments don't really work (the brown spots come back). In conclusion, my experience with PCA Skin PHaze 13 Pigment Gel was very negative and disappointing. You'll read all over the Internet that it's a great product to lighten brown spots but it really did not work for me. I guess it's not for everyone. Good luck to you all!
I have tried everything for my dry overgrown cuticles.  This has really helped!!  I would highly recommend it to everyone.
I know others were pleased with the results but instead of brightening my nails it tinted my nails a lavender and a weird looking lavender at that. Perhaps I just didn't need a brightener.  From now on I'll stick to clear nail polish instead.
I wouldn't have bought this product if I knew it had formaldehyde in it.  I bought this product and a nail hardener of the same brand.  I tried to return them, but couldn't because of the harmful chemicals.  This was the first time I was actually disappointed with Amazon.  Why would they sell products which contain harmful chemicals, but not allow you to return the products because of the harmful chemicals?  I would not recommend this product. JMM
The description indicated that I was ordering a bottle of "Nail Magic" What I received was a nail file.  Not at all what I thought I was ordering.  I was quite disappointed.
I did not buy it from Amazon. I tried to, but the seller was out of stock. So I looked elsewhere online, and was able to find it. I'm sorry I did. My nails felt HORRIBLE after applying this balsam. My nails felt more dry and brittle after applying it. So much so, that a couple of my nails literally broke off at the tips shortly after applying. And I did NOT break them. My nails had this "weird" feeling, almost as though this stuff drained the life out them, and were terribly dry. NO moisture at all. It seemed to do the exact opposite of what it was suppose to do.  But to be fair, I bought another brand at another beauty store, and my nails felt the same way. So in reality, the nail balsam's dry your nails MORE! At least it's what it did to mine. My high hopes were shredded. I hope others have better results, but for me, I'm tossing this stuff.
I gave this product a fair trial by using it for over 2 weeks and finally had to stop. My cuticles just got drier and drier after every application. I was so hopeful as the nail balsam seems to really help my nails gain/maintain moisture, but this cuticle treatment does nothing for my cuticles.
This cream did not work at all so it was a complete rip off for $30. I would not recomend it. I used it for laser hair removal, put it on 30 minutes before, absolutely no difference. My hair removal clinic gave me something 10x better to use.
I bought the above product for my son as a gift. I made sure to go through Amazon because of the reviews ive read with fake merchandise from other sellers. When i received the package, it was packed with just a piece of brown paper (amazon's books are packed with bubble wrap and sealed). When i took the cologne out the plastic seal was broken and the box inside looked like it was old and used (like someone had tried it and returned it.). Heres the reason for the review..i couldnt understand why when i searched for cologne it was listed under grocery..its because of the return policy. Amazon does not except returns on hazardous materials and thats exactly what they consider this item to be. It was so hazardous it was packed in a plain box with a piece of crumpled brown paper. Even though i received this item in terrible condition ..oh well no refund. I did take it up with Amazon furthur and am happy to say they did finally refund the amount. That is one of the reasons i use Amazon is i do find the communication to be excellent. At the time of purchase no where does it say on the page that the item i was purchasing was considered hazardous..something they might want to bring attention to in the future.
Perhaps I was using this wrong, but this is by far the least favorite product of mine in the mustella line.  It left my baby's skin sticky and I wasn't impressed with the smell - no where as good as the other mustella products, which i love!
After reading all the rave reviews, how great the color is etc. I went out to but it and to be honest i hate the color. While the peachy-ish color is nice but nothing special what I hate is the color of the shimmer. It's like a weird goldish color. I regret buying this
I want so badly to like Lush products, but so far, the products we've tried have left me disappointed, especially considering the price tag.This perfume smells overwhelmingly like Patchouli. Before I bought this perfume, I actually liked Patchouli, but now, it makes me sick.  The scent is so strong on, and it lasted and lasted.  It took me two showers to get the scent off my skin. It's just not my thing, and made me feel like a hippie wearing it. My husband was disgusted and I didn't have a single person say a word about the scent.If you want to try Lush products, stick with the bath bombs. These are by far the best products that Lush makes, although their price tag is a little high for something that lasts for one bath.  Everything else is just great marketing with products that are barely mediocre.
I bought the other pwdr, Karma and it is nice but this one's fragrance is not appealing.
I've read a lot of reviews (on the LUSH site), saying how great of a product this is.  To me, it's not at all what I expected or wanted.  Almost every reviewer says what a nice, pleasant smell this has.. well they must have goofed on my batch because it smells nasty!  I very faintly smell jasmine, but there's this weird medicinal, musty-type smell that's so potent, it squashes the pretty floral part of it.  Also, it felt nice going on, but don't expect much softness or moisture to come of this - which I thought I'd see more of because of the cocoa butter.  This was one of those things that you have to try because you're curious but end up regretting afterwards (at least for me!).  Oh well!
I found this product absolutely useless. For this money, you can buy a nice moisturizing body lotion with an excellent scent and not so messy. I do not see the purpose of this product: it does not substitute neither deodorant, nor body lotion, nor perfume. I will not buy again, but upon prior reviews I bought 3 containers, and now I do not know what to do with this.
IT'S HARD TO DESCRIBE BUT THE FRAGRANCE IS NOT PLEASING...TRY ONE OF LUSH'S OTHER GREAT PRODUCTS.
This is the worst cologne that I have ever purchased.  This cologne is not even worth one star.  The reviews on this product have to be fake.  The smell is terrible.  Please dont buy this.  I should have known because it is so cheap.  I will never be tricked into purchasing cheap cologne ever again.
I bought this about two years ago when it was on lighting deals. I really don't like it. My wife doesn't like it too. the bottle is still full. I don't know who will like it. it is strong and smell not good.well, this is my opinion, it is the worst cologne I ever bought.
I wanted to order this for my husband and specifically chose this because the description for the product stated it was eligible for free shipping with Amazon Prime. When I went to check out however, I was only able to select standard shipping which would have made it arrive too late for my purposes. I called Customer Service, and they said that it could not be shipped using Amazon Prime because the product required "special handling". Oh well....
Like many others on here I have received my Curve (Green) Bottle and am very disappointed.  I bought this from a department store years ago and was very satisfied, so I decided to order this product online through Amazon.  The price after all was too good to be true.  Since many people buying the 6.8oz from Amazon stated that it is nothing more than a watered down version, I decided to go with the 4.2oz from Amazon but through AAA Perfume LC.  The shipment arrived very quickly but the cologne is still fake.  When I purchased Curve from a department store the scent lasted for hours, however, this product lasts 15 minutes if that.  Very disappointed and I would recommend people skip this or buy it from a department store where you know you are getting an authentic product.
i got this as a gift and i was chocking the first time i smell it,its very heavy not for day time .i am one of those who like cool water and i take it as my base in describing my personality. so if u r simple and like soft perfumes test this one in any mall before you order it.
Ok product. Not easy to use. Can't use together with other product. It use other together you can rubbing it off.
it does not heat up enough to make a difference.  total waste of money. i see why they left off the can for effect.
Warmish lather leaks all over my bathroom sink from the back of the "hot lather machine".  It is very easy to use, but far more disappointing to use.  The lather gets only a little warm at best, even on the highest setting.  The piece which conects to the shaving gel can makes a poor seal and the gel leaks wasting more on the sink than on my face.  The only thing that was a bigger waste was the amount of money I spent on this product!
The previous review is true. Maybe the 1st inch on gel is luke warm, the remainder is cold.
Did not like at all left a coating on my hair!!!!! Won't buy again had to put a lemon rinse on my hair to get build up off after 2  shampoos
I wanted a shampoo bar to cut down on packaging, to be more environmentally friendly.  I've cut all "chemical" products from my home, so I'm more sensitive to the smell; I can smell these chemicals from a mile away....this soap definitely overwhelmed me with that chemical smell, which surprised me as it's advertised as natural....I'm using it, however, but will not buy it again.  I use it first, rinse, then use my shampoo I like.  After using this & rinsing, my wet hair feels like a strong buildup is on it from this soap.  However, the soap lathers a LOT and quickly (probably the chemical agent added)...the soap also "disappears" quickly--not an ultra long lasting bar at all.
I really didn't like this shampoo. It was hard to lather and my hair felt so greasy after using it-like I never even washed my hair. At the same time, my hair looked flat and dirty later. I really tried to like it but it was not for me.
Waste of money, made my hair so Sticky and greasy, feels like melted candy in the hair. and the smell is very badI bought different kinds of their bar shampoo and all of made my hair disgusting. I gave them several tries before i gave up, and every time, i had to go back and wash my hair again with regular shampoo
I bought this because where i work they is going sent free, and i have very dry hands.  The smell of this lotion is horrible, and i mean stomach turning horrible, I ended up throwing it away as no one else wanted it either
I ordered and paid for 128oz. size and was sent a 64oz size instead.  I have called and tried to get this rectified and no one has responded to this mistake. I would never order from this company again!  I purchased this item through Amazon from a company called America RX.
I was tempted to purchase this item because of the reviews but once I saw the full ingredients list I got scared. Yikes!
Well, another flop IMO.  The product is A gel consistency. Think of hair gel. When applied, it's very sticky. You can feel it on the face. It does absorb but its not light and not if you perspire a bit on a hot day. I'm not a fan and had big hopes for this product. Also, not for sensitive skin...anywhere you may be prone to break outs. This one caused quite a bit of trouble for me. Every now and then I'll put some on my forehead just to make sure I stand by my review...and I still do.
This stuff was sticky, did not let my makeup go on smoothly.  I discontinued use after a month. Dont waste your money.
Clinique stopped manufacturing this particular product ("Clinique Repairwear Extra Help Serum").  This product has been replaced with updated versions.
This product didn't help me at all. It is expensive and is not effective. I purchase two of them and didn't notice any difference at all. The product consistency also is not good. Doesn't look like a gel but water.
NOT PLEASED AT ALL! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY WATERY, DOES NOT WORK. I AM VERY DISATISFIED AND WILL NEVER PURCHASE IT AGAIN I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE. MY DAUGHTER USED THE PRODUCT AND WAS ALSO UNHAPPY. A GOOD PRODUCT TO USE IS XTREME BRITE!
I purchased this and got 5 squirts out of the bottle. I complained and was sent a form to fill out that required a signature before submitting. Really, I purchased this online with a click, now I have to jump through hoops to get a replacement. Buyer beware. I had to pick a rating is only reason they get 1 star.
For a quality fragrance this must be very old the only thing I get out of it is TAR that is is so to all a warning that you might get an aweful smelling fragrance if you get an old one but it  is luck of the draw.
I read so many good reviews here that I discounted the negative ones and took a chance on this dry skin brush.  When this brush came it had bristles falling out and was smooshed/flattened in one part.  The handle sucks and seems potentially splintery.  The brushes were also nowhere near as firm as I like, now I know why some people said they could brush their skin for hours with it, because you can hardly feel anything. It was not invigorating at all, the way dry skin brushing should be. Waste of money!
I liked the harsh bristles, but after a few uses this smelled so badly I had to throw away. I really can't describe the smell, it was a rotten, foul odor. I tried many product trying to clean it--soap, shampoo, etc. But, I could never get it to smell nice again. In the trash it went!
I was very excited when I got this brush but it has very rough bristles. It hurts my skin. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
There is not a shred of scientific evidence offered to support the health claims made for skin brushing, the primary use of this brush. Here's what Andrew Weil, MD, had to say about skin brushing:"Dry brushing involves rubbing the skin with a dry natural bristle brush. I understand that this is all the rage at spas and that commercial products are available so that aficionados can do it themselves at home. The process, which can be gentle or rough, may help slough off some dead skin cells, but some of the other claims for it are pretty farfetched.The notion that dry brushing can reduce or eliminate cellulite make no sense. Fat is arranged in large chambers separated from each other by columns of connective tissue. If fat overflows these chambers as a result of being overweight, or if the connective tissue slackens with age (as it invariably does), the result is the classic pitting and bulging we have come to know as cellulite. I have never seen any treatment that can effectively eliminate it. An improvement in the "appearance" of cellulite may be in the eye of the beholder, but I doubt that any objective change takes place with dry brushing.The idea that the method can eliminate "up to a pound of toxins a day," as some proponents claim, is ridiculous. First of all, the body does a pretty good job of cleansing and purifying itself. If you feel the need, you can help speed the removal of unwanted materials by drinking more water to increase urinary output, taking steam baths or saunas to promote sweating, adjusting diet and fiber intake to ensure regular eliminations, and getting enough aerobic activity to stimulate breathing. In addition, taking the herbal remedy milk thistle supports normal, healthy liver metabolism, aiding its important role in detoxification.I would take the health claims for dry brushing with a big grain of salt. If you enjoy it and believe it benefits you, there's no reason not to do it. But if you find that it irritates or inflames your skin, you might want to opt for a less abrasive spa treatment."
This is absolutely the worst brush ever.  I purchased this brush based on the fact it is one solid piece of wood so no worrying over the brush breaking off as other brushes I have owned have done.  Abd that the bristles are natural.  This felt like I was cutting my own skin.  I have to be extremely light in touch with this brush to avoid hurting my skin.  I have continued to use every other day in hopes that the bristles will soften up but no hope there.  Will need to order another brush.  Do not buy this brush!!
When this item arrived, it far surpassed my expectation.  The brush base was made of thick wood.  There's also a plastic base  between the wood and the bristles and that also appeared to be well made and substantial.  And as far as the brush, it is thick and full of what appears to be well distributed, healthy, firm bristles.  As far as function, the item was exactly as described;  it resulted in a great massage and exfoliation of the skin (a bit tough the first use, but by the third time, my skin felt less sensitive and more stimulated).  Unfortunately, after the third use, I noticed cracks in both ends of the wooden base.  It was obvious that it wouldn't be long before the cracks would expand and meet in the middle.  This would render the brush unusable.
This brush smells like dead meat even after leaving it outside for weeks. As I am vegetarian this is unacceptable. Would not order.
This thing was junk. I was only able to get a few uses out of it before it started to fall apart and look gross.
Things this brush may be good for: scrubbing down a crime scene, washing a boat, taking algae off concrete. Things this brush is not god for: rubbing on your skin. I'm sticking with my hydro gloves.Earth Therapeutics Hydro Exfoliating Gloves, Jade, 1 pair (Pack of 4)
Wow! I'm returning this even though it would probably make a good wheel and tire scrubber. Extremely rough and painful. I got a much softer and suitable natural fiber brush at the drugstore instead.
The most negative reveiws on this product were right. The brush was NOT soft at all and it was a painful experience to use it for the first time.  Then the handle and brush fell apart after the initial use.  What a piece of junk!!!  Amazon, where is your quality product review/control department? My first product review ever at Amazon because I was never this mad and I was embarrassed to be so stupid to buy this product.  It is in my trash bin now and it is not worthy to return it.
First, I thought this was brush I could use in the shower, but bedsides that the handle comes apartment from the brush very easily so it does not withstand the pressure when using and when I hang it, come back a few minutes later and the brush is apart from the handle... very annoying...
I have moderately oily skin. This toner put shine on my face, never dried up and felt so greasy and sticky! I had to wipe it away. I can't imagine a product with so much price can be so bad. Don't waste your money!
I got this in the hopes it would work on the &#34;dry skin&#34; areas. First of all it smells like plastic, so really makes you want to spray it on you and secondly it turned the palms of my hands VERY dark brown to the point that they looked black. So instead of doing what its made to do, it made me smell like plastic and turned my palms black. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!
Did not like. It didn't work the way i wanted it to or the way it was meant for, it made the places were i put on my fake and bake tan blotchy . Its stinks like tea tree oil, And i didn't like the idea that there is naked ladies on the bottle. (( which i didn't notice in-tell my daughter was looking at it and asked &#34;why is there naked girls on it&#34;?) Will not buy again.
I had high hopes for this product after reading about it , but I was pretty dissappointed . It smells bad and I don't like how the spray bottle works and it really doesn't mostuirize my skin very well . I would never repurchase this item
This stuff not only h\as a very unpleasant smell, but is nothing special at all. I would expect a million times more from a product that is from fake bake. The smell is actually gross, nothing like you would would think. Its kind of a burnt plastic, chemical smell. And does nothing extra for your skin except make it greasy like baby oil. Only not even as good as baby oil. Very disappointed and you are wasting your money if you buy this product.
The suctions on this product are only strong enough for light work such as sets, practicing color placement etc. The suction is not strong enough for practing blowouts!! I used the suction stand on a glass surface and not more than 5 minutes into my blowdry the grip releases. FRUSTRATING!!
what you order is not what you received. they are selling products that have been discontinued over a year ago. their customer service is the worst because i've emailed them about what they have sent me and up to thins day haven't received a reply. this christian dior 500 is not what you are going to get. what you are going to get is the 700 which is extremely dark. do not buy from this supplier!!!
I can't even believe this product is on the market.  Not only is it impossible to get an even tan without spreading with your hands, the CO2 cartridge freezes up and is unusable within only a minute.  I followed the manufacturers tips stating that you need to let it rest and it will unfreeze...it did not.  So I placed another cartridge in and began using for 30 seconds before it froze and became unusable.Another point is that you have to hold the unit upright at all times or else the fluid spills out.  How is that consumer friendly?  How do you do do your back?Please note that you cannot return this item. I it threw away in disgust.  Did I mention that you need to be in a fully sheeted room as the stuff goes everywhere and stains!I do not recommend buying this product.
Product is not made well. Had to sendd back to get new piece, and then it worked for 20 seconds. Trash
I am embarrased I thought this product would work.  I should have known better.  It came with four cartridges and 3 of them didn't even cover the size of a postage stamp!  I was so upset I didn't even try the fourth cartridge, I just threw the whole set in the trash!  Please don't waste your money.
This is a 10 oz bottle!  The description does not mention the size but for the price (and other seller of the same product for similar price) you'd think it was a 33 oz bottle.
[...]. I'm in my early 30's and have a receding hairline. The whole concept of concealing is a great idea and that's all it is. I spent over 30 minutes trying to perfect the right shade and was only able to cover 2" square. So imagine how much time you'll be spending every morning. I have Jet Black hair but my scalps not black. I have all the patience in the world when it comes to concealing the bald spot but no matter how patient and meticulous you may be the bottom line is the paint does not match scalp and it's TOTALLY obvious. My girlfriend used her waterproof eyeliner makeup & did a better job concealing. I honestly don't know how this would work for anyone who has small or large bald spots. Forget about going out during the day and even at night, it's very obvious. Better bet is to buy different shades of eyeliner pencils from your local pharmacy store and see whether concealing is for you. Hope my review can help someone save their time and money. Anyone who doesn't believe me can buy my practically brand new black COUVRe.
I bought this item from a local beauty supply store. I had several problems w/ the flat iron. First, my hair is fairly long, and when I would slide the hair along the plate, hairs would get caught between the plate and the plastic that held the plate, breaking the hairs. It didn't matter how big or small the section of hair was, some would get caught.Second, the iron completely stopped working after about six months. It was if the "on" switch stopped working. Setting the appliance to "on" didn't cause the power light to come on, and the appliance didn't heat up. I sent the appliance back to Helen of Troy, only for them to tell me they didn't have a replacement model in stock, and they couldn't tell me when they *would* have on in stock. They didn't tell me this until 4 weeks after I sent them the item for replacement.Long story short, save your money, buy a different appliance!
Pumps stopped working and still have more than half a bottle.  Won't try again.  Don't know if it works??  Wasted my money
If I had known from the get go that these people don't sell their own stuff I would have never done business with them. I purchased cologne from them going by the picture on the listing. Instead what I got was what they wanted to send me. I tried three times to call and speak with someone about getting what I DID order and not what they chose to send me with no success. They refused to let me speak with a supervisor. Their customer service people were very evasive and vague about the whole thing. (Lisa especially) What I did get was a continual excuse and not once did anyone offer to resolve the issue or make it right.I am saddened because now I am left with a fragrance that I don't like and no resolution. Shame on you ANTonline.
Historically used as a cure-all or panacea, however there are no proven pharmacological effects of Willard Water. In the past, it has been used as an industrial cleanser. The FDA does not recognize Willard Water as safe or effective.From [...]
I tried this product and found it to be a waste of money. A soft face brush with Olay soap is all one needs. Rinse with warm water and you get the results you are striving for. Follow with Regenerist moisturizing cream and your skin will be soft and smooth.
This item quit working after two uses, even though I followed all the instructions exactly. The exfoliating brush is very soft, so I guess if you have sensitive skin, it would be good. For my skin, which is not sensitive, I kept wishing that the bristles were a little stiffer.The cremes that come in the kit really are nice. Smell delicious and work nicely. Since the tool broke I have just been applying with my fingertips.I have contacted the seller ( Pretika Corp.) directly to see how they will handle this. Will update the review when I hear.
When I would sleep over my Oma's as a child she would always get out the Badedas Classic for bathtime and I absolutely loved it.  Unfortunately, when I went to buy a bottle for myself I was sorely disapointed. The top of the bottle came with an ugly pink sticker proudly proclaiming "Neue Formel", which to my dismay meant New Formula.It's now much darker, and is almost blue in color.  It does not change the bath water to that lovely spring green, does not smell as good, and did not leave my skin feeling as clean.  The bubbles, if you care about them, were plentiful though.This does not appear to be counterfeit, as I read other complaints about the change on the German amazon reviews and on a Badedas facebook page.All in all, I will not be buying again until I hear the formula is changed back.
It smells way to much like intense chemicals and its green... witch is  kind of weird but the smells is intense and its not very soothing or relaxing...not sure why it has alot of good reviews but it stinks ! I was itching alot afterward and smelled like it.going with an organic choice instead!
The product never came - they took my money then disappeared.  Not even worth giving them a star. I want my money back.
The Badedas I just ordered is supposed to be new and improved. Nothing improved about it. Just much lower viscosity , so probably diluted to make more of a profit.Sad to see a good product being changed.Will not buy again. Will switch to another product. Have been using it for over 30 years. To bad, saying good bye to an old friend. Will check with manufacturer if they now sell a diluted version or someone is reselling it at a lower quality.
I love the original green Badedas with its refreshing smell. Not knowing that the Company changed it - not mentioned on the Amazon webpage, I purchased 3 bottles. The bottles came with a sticker &#34;new formula&#34;. It is nothing like the old and loved Badedas, a pale blue color and the aroma that a lot of people loved is completely gone. This smells like - NOTHING AT ALL. Don't waste your money - you probably can get a similar bubble bath at the 99cent store. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
I love sandalwood, and buy it in soap and bubble bath quite often.  This not only doesn't smell like sandalwood, it doesn't even have the woody/spicy tones that sandalwood does.  All I smell is a general perfume-y smell with a powdery undertone, like cheap lilac.
This product did nothing. It doesn't de-puff the eye area. It doesn't soothe it. I found it to be useless and a waste of money. I have yet to find an eye de-puffing product that does what it claims. Oh well.
I purchased this item as a gift for friends with a new dog.  The bar of soap was not packaged sufficiently to endure shipping.  It arrived in a small plastic bag, no wrapping at all, not  even paper around it.  Consequently, the edges of the rippled bar (which is part of its charm) are all dinged and damaged.  I'm sure the soap will function properly, but it is not in suitable condition for a gift.  Be cautious when ordering from this supplier.
No no no. Dries the crap outta my hair makes it impossible to comb thru it & smells gross. Not sure if it even helped my scalp either because I only could use twice it was just ruining my hair
I received these tubes of mascara, my favorite kind!  They were all dried out!  When I asked for them to send me some new fresh tubes, they responded by giving me my money back!  They must all be dried out!  Don't buy these!
...aa......................................................................................... Wrong product received and I truly wanted to try this oil . I already had ridge filler & II & III
I had been using scotch tape to do my French manicure look. It worked great on my toes and the only issue I had with my hands was that I couldn't always get the shape I wanted since the tape is straight and my nail is curved. I thought these would be perfect...but I was wrong.I paid more for the shipping than the item, but I figured if I liked them I could order them in bulk so the shipping would even out. I went through all my fingers applying the guides before doing any nails. By the time I was finished with my last finger, the first 3 had fallen off. You put one on and it almost immediately pops off even though I had just removed my nail polish and any oils and dried my nails. The adhesive is very weak. If it touches your skin (which is has to b/c each strip is twice the size of a normal nail) it won't stick either so the seal never becomes tight.The nails that I did get the strips to stick for ended up not forming a tight enough seal and letting nail polish seep underneath. Basically I did all my nails but there was no definitive line so I took all the polish off right away. Not worth the $2 or the $5 shipping. Use scotch tape!
There is no way on earth that this was 99% IPA.I have access to 99% IPA at work. It evaporates almost immediately touching the skin.The item that was bought not only behaves like 70% off the shelf IPA that can be bought in a store for a fraction of the price, but even those bottled come sealed when purchased; this bottle wasn't even sealed which was a redflag from the satrt.This vendor is marketing 99%IPA, but rebottling 70% selling it 99% cost.
I would not recommend this one (NuSole Pedi Stone Pumice), it dissolved immediately in the water.....just like the evil witch of the west!
This is the most un-durable pumice stone I have ever used.  Also has a very odd smell. I will not purchase product again.
Not only does it not "lather" it's not even a stone!! What the heck? The picture makes it seem that it is, rather it's nothing but some dense styrofoam!!!! This stuff is cheap and slowly crumbles away when handled, having to wash your hands after each use! My feet are somewhat smooth but it would have been even better if I just went outside and scraped my foot against a cement block. Don't buy! Check out something else. (Especially if you don't wanna pay 3.99 for shipping either).
I ORDER THIS PRODUCT BUT SOMEONE PACK THE WRONG SOME CREAM AND I STILL HAVE IT KNOW ABOUT IT I RETURN THE CREAM THE I NEVER ORDER AND I DONT SEE A REFOUND IN THE CREDIT CARD
I was excited about this due to the high ratings. I live in South FL and it is super humid so was looking for an under eye concealer that could hold up. This did not even make it out of the bathroom without caking! Tried to blend and it just shifted! Going back!!
this thing sucks...its like 5 inches by 5 inches.  i wouldnt even call it a pillow, its like a pin cushion...
I have purchased this product for several years and it has always been of a thick paste consistency which made it useful in styling my hair.  This product was very thin which made it appear more like a lotion which made my hair limp instead of having the body it should have.  I am now hesitant to purchase it at all anymore for fear the manufacturer has changed something in the formula.
This shampoo does not work for me at all. I used as instructed and even expected the worse (which it did says up to 6 months to see results). I don't see any results after 6 months, so keep trying to give it a 12 months (1 year).  Not only I did not see any results, my hair is slowly thinning out instead.  I am beginning to wonder if this shampoo is actually for thinning out your hair instead of helping to regrow them.  All I know is I am done with this product, wasted my money for something that actually made it worse for me.  This is the 1st time I ever review a product at Amazon, only reason I write it is because is so ineffective that I have to put it out there to let others know it is not worth your money.
This is a terrible product, well it didnt work for me at all. The only good thing is that it dried my hair fast. Everything else about it was terrible, the button came off, it tangled up my hair, it caught lint like crazy, the rope to connect the turban to the button started to unravel.. and the list goes on.Save your money and get something better.
Although my credit card was charged I never received my item and was told there was no way to track the $800.00 item. I did get my account credited back about 23 days after purchase.
I bought it because it had such good reviews. I used this cream diligently through my pregnancy and it didn't help a thing. I ended up with nasty stretch marks.It's not pleasant to use either. It smells nicely but it leaves an oily film on your skin which then soaks into your clothing.Very disappointed. Expensive mistake
Yuck.  The texture is just horrible with pebble in it.  I thought eventually they would melt a bit into the skin.  They sure did not.  Also this made my belly itch.  I thought it was a natural part of the stretching belly.  However, I stopped using the product on my belly, and down graded it to the heels of my feet, and then my feet started itching because of the product.  I also have the lotion, which smells like chemicals.  However, the lotion doesn't make me itch and it works aside from the unnatural smell.  I prefer L'Occitanes' Mama and Baby lotions, etc or just the pure Shea Butter.  They are much more pricey, but worth it.  Or the Mum and Bub from Aden and Anais which is a very thick lotion that smells like vanilla. That product is $10 for 3 oz, and can be purchased on Amazon.  I do not recommend this product.
I used this product from 12 weeks. At 34 weeks I started getting stretch marks. This product did not help with stretch marks. :(
it stinks like lillies, if your sensitive to smells, I wouldnt get it, it does work, much better without any scent
Smells good  however, leaves u with a dry chapped feeling does not leave you with a smooth silky feeling
I did not mean rude, but I really do not like this product. It is very greasy and hard to obsorb. And it is funny, last night my tummy was not itchy before I put this product on, but after I had this product on my tummy, it started itchy for hours... So I had to wash it off and put on the other product that I have, and the itchy feeling went away. It is very greasy and sticky. It does have a pleasant smell and the ingrediants are mostly organic and vege-based.
8 months in to my pregnancy I ordered this, I had been using other products (other, much less expensive products).  About 4 days after using it, I got my first stretch mark.  I used it more!  After I had a whole striped pattern on my lower abdomen, I ordered my original product.  I kept using the Bella B until it arrived.Since I've been using my previous stuff, cocco butter with vitamin E (like 5 dollars for 8 ounces), I haven't gotten any- not one more stretch mark- and don't think my belly hasn't grown in the last month.  I'm 9 1/2 months now and with the cocco butter, my current marks are already looking better.So, not only does it not work, but it was horrible to use.  It is like a tub of car wax.  It sets on the skin, doesn't absorb, sticks to your clothes.  My husband wouldn't rub it on me because he HATED how it was on his hands!  (he rubs the cocco butter on me gladly).I know that every body and pregnancy is different, but I can't believe all the good reviews this product has.  I don't understand it.  The only thing I can figure is people get mesmorized by the cute packaging and hype on the label.Save your money, save your time, save your dermis!  If ANYTHING actually helps with stretch marks, this product is NOT it.
I had high hopes for this butter going by reviews but I was very disappointed. The rub is oily, I felt like it never really got absobed into the skin. There is also a 'grainy' consistency to it so hours later I would my tummy still covered in 'bits' unlike exfoliation rubs where the beads usually absorb. There isn't a scent which is great if you don't want a scented item but I just felt like I was being lathered in lard!! I have since tried 'Lamaze belly rub' and definitely recommend that one a hundred times over. It leaves a soft, silky feel to your skin, has a pleasant smell and best of all - no grainy bits!! I used this butter in my 4-5th month of pregnancy. I'm now in my 7th using the lamaze rub and I'll never go back to this Bella B product!
I bought this in Januaray for $15.90 and was about to order another one when I saw that the price has almost doubled.  It is much cheaper on other websites.  Does anyone know why Amazon has significantly increased its price for this product?I love this product...give the product 5 stars...but rating it 1 star for the price.
This stuff smells like very strong flowery perfume. It also does not melt and dissolve like butter. It pulled my skin a bit and left a tacky like surface (like honey would) even after a few hours. Not soothing on already taunt skin at all. I plan on sending this back. I wish they would at the very least allow the cocoa, shea butter and aloe smells to come through. This stuff will drown out any perfume you're wearing. I liked EArth Mama Stretch Oil and Bio Oil better mixed with a bit of raw Coconut Oil.
I've been using Palmer's Cocoa butter for 6 months, and never really liked the vanilla scent, so I thought about switching to Honey.  Bella B sounded like a good product and had good reviews.  So last night I tried it.This morning I woke up with 3 big stretch marks spanning my entire stomach.  I was horrified.  This stuff doesn't do anything!  Then I went back to the reviews and noticed that the best reviews are basically from a long time ago, before the company was acquired, and apparently they changed the formula.Buyer Beware!
Absolute waste of money. It is soooo sticky that you will never want to put it again. It will spoil all your clothes. Please don't buy this. Instead you can try Palmers.
Bought this for the wife, and not only did it feel like a tub of vaseline but it also made her itch all over. Because it's "hypo-allergenic" and all natural (except for all the chemicals listed in the ingredients), we thought it couldn't be the tummy butter. However, after going a couple days without using it then trying it again the wife broke out in itchy red splotches all over her belly.
This is really, really greasy. If it were effective, I would have been fine with all the grease, but it isn't. Don't waste your time on these. The only thing good about it is the smell.
I read a lot of amazing reviews of this product before I bought it.  It's made by a California company and the ingredients are almost all natural/herbal.  So I thought "great, this is the perfect product for me!"  Unfortunately, as soon as I opened the jar, I was assaulted by the extremely strong fragrance.  This is a product made almost entirely of herbs of one kind or another, so it would probably be very smelly on its own (in a nice way!), but Bella B thought it would be a good idea to ADD fragrance (listed in the ingredients as "fragrance" -- what does THAT mean?).  It's extremely strong-smelling, and the one day I tried it I had a headache all day from the fumes.  Just awful.  I am so disappointed that a product made almost entirely of natural ingredients would have such a strong unnatural fragrance added.  I will never use this again.  $20 down the drain.
The only thing this product has going for it is the smell.  It is not offensive, smells nice, and does not trigger the morning-sickness gag-button.However, it does not work. I used it several times a day, and really layered it on...stretch marks found a home anyway.In the container the goop is solid, and becomes more vaseline-like as you apply it.  Also, I was not expecting the graininess.  It feels like there is sand in it.  Most importantly, it does not keep the "moisturized" feeling throughout the day.  It leaves a dry, shiny film.  I am very disappointed, especially since this was not the cheapest product on the market.I recommend going with Lay It On Thick from B&BWorks.;  And increase your water intake.Good Luck.
With all the good reviews and hype about it you would think Bella B Tummy Honey Butter would work. Stretch mark prevention? More like a drunken challenge with stretch mark to a vicious battle and losing badly. It felt greasy on my skin, my clothes got greasy and even though I washed my hands it felt like the grease would never go away. For all I know I could have been rubbing lard on my tummy. My skin felt itchy from all the stretching and adding grease to the itchy tummy just made it difficult to scratch. I've used it since I was 3 months pregnant and still came out of the pregnancy with warrior scars. I know stretch marks are genetic but I was hoping this would at least soothe the itch away. It didn't.The only thing I liked about the Bella B Tummy Honey Butter was that it smelled nice. It reminded me of Anthropologie or Urban Outfitters candles.*I'll post up my embarrassing zebra patterned tummy later on.
So I have ordered many things from amazon before and have never felt the need to leave a comment.  This product however pretty much demanded it.  I'm only nine weeks pregnant and don't have any stretch marks yet but decided that I would start early to prevent any from hopefully forming.  I couldn't decide which brand of belly butter to buy so I bought this product and the mama mio tummy rub butter.  This product came in the mail first.  I was excited about it up until I opened it up and realized it was like a big jar of vaseline.  When I put it on the consistency was identical to vaseline except it was just a little bit thicker.  I had a difficult time even washing it off my hands!  The rest of the day I was sticky and itchy and felt disgusting!  My shirt was suctioned to my stomach.  The anti-itch formula is either a lie or the formula is mixed wrong because I couldn't stop itching.Needless to say I received the mama mio tummy rub butter today in the mail and not only did it look like what I thought this product was but it rubbed on great, I didn't even need to wash my hands because it was like a nice thick lotion and it smelled great.  OH... and I don't ITCH!  Hope this helps.
I would not recommend this lotion because it stained my clothes. I absolutely love the basq Advanced Stretch Mark Butter, 4 oz
For me the scent of this tummy butter is overpowering and it made my already itchy belly even itchier.  It definitely was not effective for me.
sure didn't prevent stretch marks for me! very oily, waste of time putting it on everyday and money for sure, sucks :(
I bought this product because I could not find the Burt's Bees Belly Butter anywhere.  This product is so greasy...didn't even want to get dresses after putting it on!  The Burt's Bees product is soooo much better, but can't be found anywhere!
I am so disappointed with this belly butter...it is greasy and grainy and does not absorb into the skin. I bought it because of the great reviews, but am not sure how anyone can enjoy wearing this if they actually have to put clothing on after applying it.After application, I could not get the oily film it left on my hands off with soap and water - I had to use a towel to scrub it off. After lying around without a shirt for an hour or so to hope it would absorb, I gave up and put an old shirt on before going to sleep. When I woke up, the oily residue had penetrated my shirt and left a film all over my good sheets.I can't imagine having to apply this mess of a belly butter in the morning before work...not a pretty side to have it absorb through my clothing as the day passes.Even if this product did prevent stretch marks, I can't see how anyone could actually use it unless they were able to walk around topless all day. I won't wait around to find out - I'll be looking for an alternative that's actually usable and doesn't make you feel like an oily, greasy, mess.
I LOVED this Tummy Butter when I was pregnant with my little baby, so I ordered it again when we got pregnant with our 2nd. But now when I put it on at night it seems to be extra grainy and won't absorb. It also gave me a rash (I figured maybe skin was just irritated at first), and most of all has made me ITCHY. I couldn't believe it was doing exactly what it is supposed to prevent, and couldn't figure out why it doesn't seem to be what I thought it was. When I just read the review that states Bella B was bought out and has different ingredients, it all makes sense. So disappointing. Will not re-order or purchase other products from this brand.
I did not buy this on amazon, but bought it going by all the rave reviews. From all the reviews, it seemed like this is the best budget friendly anti stretchmark cream. I used it quite regularly, it smells ok, but is super greasy, grainy, heavy and extremely sticky. Your skin never absorbs it, sticks to your clothing like glue. It sits on your skin like wax and just stays there right on the surface. I used this in my first pregnancy and really regretted wasting money on this useless product. In fact, I still have some left from back then and I am not using it this time around. It made my belly very very itchy while it is supposed to moisturize it and make it supple and elastic.If you are meant to get stretch marks, you will get it no matter what. In this product's defense, i also used a whole bunch of other creams, oils and lotions (mama bee oil, palmer's cocoa butter, bio oil, etc) but NONE of them have worked for me (although using them was a much better experience than using this product) and I have the ugliest stretch marks in the entire world. Please save your money and dont expect miracles.
I ordered this product twice from amazon and both times it did not show up.  The first time I was charged and to this day have not been reimbursed.  The second time, I was notified after a week (several days after it should have arrived) that there was a problem with my order and that if I wanted, I could cancel.  I did cancel and was reimbursed.
I bought this stuff a while ago thinking it would help me with stretch marks.  Since then I've researched and found that there is NO scientific evidence whatsoever that any creams can help prevent stretch marks.  It's mostly just genetics.Anyway, that doesn't really have to do with the quality of the product (or lack thereof). This stuff is gooey, greasy, sticky, messy and horrible.  Seriously, I felt like I was trying to rub vaseline on my stomach and wait for it to soak in.  My skin never absorbed it and it was a disgusting layer of sticky slime under my clothes.  After applying I had to wash it off my hands because it is impossible to rub this stuff in like normal lotion. After a few minutes I would always end up washing it off my belly too.I tried hard to like this stuff because I hate to waste money.  I used it at least 5 times before decided enough was enough and throwing it in the trash.  Definitely not worth the price when you can buy Palmer's for much cheaper (and whaddayaknow, it actually gets absorbed by skin).  This tummy butter CRAP ended up in the trash can.
I bought this product a few months ago and have been using it atleast 2 to 3 times a day. My belly is soooo itchy that I'm online right now looking for something else to buy. The tummy butter says anti-itch on it but my belly is itchy! It looks like it will moisturize your skin because it goes on thick and greasy but it doesn't even last a few hours. The smell and greasiness does not bother me - I just wanted it to work. I am 7.5 months along now and the itch has gotten progressively worse. I bought it because I am trying to use all natural products and was willing to spend more money. Now I see that it was not worth it since it didn't work for me.
I bought this as a desperate attempt to prevent further stretch marks during my second pregnancy.  In addition to my stretch marks, my skin was extra dry and itchy so I was hoping this product would do the trick (as it says on the container it "soothes itching").  The "honey butter" felt more like sand paper.  The consistency was petroleum jelly like but very grainy as well.  For that reason, I hated applying it onto my skin.  I would have at least endured through the pain of putting it on my skin if it somewhat helped my condition but it did NOTHING for me.  After a week, I ended up buying the Belli brand instead.
I used the original formula with my first 2 children, this pregnancy I purchased my tummy honey as usual but all of the ingredients have been changed, and it doesn't work well at all. The company was bought out by giant LEARNING CURVE who then replaced all the quality ingredients with cheaper stuff that doesn't work and added a bunch of perfume instead to mimic the herbal smell. I'm REALLY not happy with the new formula, it causes my skin to itch - most likely due to the high amount of undisclosed chemicals in the "fragrance" ingredient which is present in VERY large amounts of the new formula. VERY disappointed long time customer here.
I have no idea if this stuff works or not but thats because I can't stand the way it makes my skin feel.  Super greasy, doesn't absorb well, and my clothes then want to stick to my skin.  YUK!  I will move on to a stretch cream lotion and see if that does any better.  On the plus side it smells fine.
I purchased this product a couple of months back.  I purchased 2 containers, the first one was good just like how I remembered it to be when I used it with my daughter 3 years ago.  when I opened up the 2nd container a few days ago I noticed that its very grainy....seems like it was sitting for a while and is old or something.  I am still using it since I already paid for it, but I am not happy with this item at this time.....
My wife was using Mama Mio Tummy Rub Stretch Mark Oil and wanted to try something new so i looked at this product with decent reviews i brought this product. Boy oh boy this product is horrible, it made her tummy itchy and has rashes on her tummy. I dint know how to post pictures, if you guys want proof i can send you guys some pictures . I should have read the reviews more carefully where some people did mentioned about buying this &#34;NEW&#34; formula &#34;Itchy skin&#34;. I hate it , I was not able to see my wife suffer with the itchy skin on her tummy with rashes during the final months of her pregnancy .
I was so excited to get this product because my belly was itching even at 14 weeks.  It did nicely moisturize my stomach, however, when it came, there was an ingredient in the product that was not listed on Amazon or its own website.BEWARE: This product contains artificial fragrance/parfum, and the chemical smell is incredibly concentrated; I got dizzy from the smell just from one application.For a company that claims to be &#34;all natural&#34; and free of &#34;harsh chemicals&#34; on its website and elsewhere, I felt that I was misinformed about the nature of the product, and completely wasted my money on a product that I will never use again nor will recommend to other expectant and new mothers.  Too bad the I already opened the product and tried it; I would demand a return otherwise.
Horrible - greasy and doesn't even work. It is also very slow drying, I'm waiting for hours before I can put some cloth on. I would be fine with all these bad things, but it should at least work a little.
The concealer displayed on the Amazon page is the same size as what you would normally buy at a retail store.  However, the product that actually ships is the sample size.  At .17 ounces, I'd say it's 1/3 to 1/2 the size of the retail product.  Had I known this, I would have just bought the retail size at Macy's and saved myself the shipping charge.  I really don't know if this misrepresentation is accidental or deliberate, or whether Amazon or Beautiful Perfumes is at fault, but I am NOT pleased.
This stopped the problem from getting worse, but it didn't fix the problem.  I used it religiously as the instructions stated, with no improvement.  I think there are different types of fungus so this may work for you even though it didn't work for me.I much prefer Fungi Nail, which hasn't completely fixed it yet, but has noticeably improved it.  My old crumbling nail is almost completely grown out. The new  nail is still thick, but clean looking. I'm afraid I'll have to spend more money to get it back the way it was before I got nail fungus.
Am on my second bottle of it and am finally giving up.  The fungus is alive and well and the stuff didn't do a thing to help.
I wish I had something better to write. I don't normally leave negative reviews if I don't have anything good to say, but after getting a rash from using this product, searching the internet to corroborate my experience, and not finding much at all, I feel pretty strongly about writing this review.Let me first say that I have sensitive skin, so for those of you who don't have this problem and have been satisfied with other Suki products this really may not apply to you. I bought this product loving the natural ingredients it boasts and having heard rave reviews about the line in general. Unfortunately after two weeks of use I got a terrible under eye rash that spanned from the inner corner of my eyes to the outer corners. At first I suspected that it may not have been a result of this product, despite the very localized area of the rash. I had been using it for two week after all with no problems up until this point. I stopped use of all products until my skin calmed down. A few weeks later (yes it unfortunately took this long to resolve the rash) I gave the product another try, applying it at night just before bed. The following morning I woke up with the same itchy, inflamed rash beneath my eyes. I am now, yet again, trying to calm the rash. I'm not sure what ingredient is causing the rash, obviously I'm allergic to something within this product. Either way, I would urge people who have skin sensitivities to take caution when thinking about using this product. Hopefully no one has to deal with what I have. It's no fun. Sorry Suki. I wanted to love you!
Wear it than share it?? NASTY! IT just is wrong and trust me, I tried it.
This face scrub was really bad. It made my face burn and made my nose bleed. I tried it several times, and right after I put it on, my nose started to bleed. I even tried it after I hadnt had a nose bleed in a really long time, and the same thing happened. I dont think I'm allergic to anything, and to be allergic to some face wash is ridiculous. In my opinion they should do some more testing on it.
I love queen helene, so I was definitely ready to try this scrub. That is, until I looked at the ingredients. WALNUT SHELL POWDER. There has been a study on walnut shell powder in facial & body scrubs. Do not buy any scrubs with this ingredient in it! Though it is not visible on the surface, it rips apart your skin, leaving tiny marks all over your face. Over time, they really show. I don't care how this product smells/feels/makes you look. In the long run, so not worth it!
This product is NOT what was pictured on line. I didn't even try to put it on because I thought I had ordered a closable cover that can prop up my ipad. It's not worth the postage to return it. I donated to AmVets and bought a real one at the Apple Store.
The colors in this kaleidoscope do not blend.  The color comes out a dark pink/purple on the face like a clown.  Adrien Arpel had a great kaleidoscope brightening finish years ago...made in Italy.  This item made in China is not a brightener it is a coloring powder.  I can not recommend this product.
I am very dissapointed with Gaiam for charging $5.95 for a $12.00 item. No way does it cost that much to ship an item that only weighs an ounce. Will not order any items from Gaiam - they charge too much to ship.
I have used Fifth Avenue by Elizabeth Arden before, it used to be good. So I brought it from Amazon when it was in a good deal. The fragrance of the brought from amazon doest last for even 10 min. This is the first and the last time I am buying perfumes from Amazon.My $5 Body mists lasts longer than this.I brought 4 perfumes from Amazon 2 CK, 1 Azzaro and 1 Elizabeth Arden all are same. Its a complete rip off.
This perfume was a total disappointment. I owned one a while back and really liked the smell do I those to buy another one. I was really happy when I got the perfume at first and I was upset from the time I broke the seal. The color of the perfume was way lighter than the first one I had and the smell doesNot last longer than the initial spray. It smells like its been diluted with water, packaged and sold.DEFINITELY A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
I was very optimistic about this bar soap because I really like the Olivella face moisturizer. I just can't say anything good about this soap, though. I don't like the fragrance, and the soap is difficult to wash off. In fact, when I used it on my face, I rinsed and rinsed and rinsed and it still stung my eyes (like there was residue that wouldn't rinse off). I wish I hadn't bought the 3-pack because now I'm stuck with it.
This product contians LYE... that's what saponified means!  So much for the benifits of olive oil. It leaves your skin feeling dry and itchy.Now I remember why I stopped buying things on the internet.
I bought this and within a week the adhesive on the stone stopped working and the stone fell off and broke. From that point on it became more obsolete until my husband finally just threw it away with frustration.
Frankly, this product is absolutely useless considering the residue that it leaves on your skin. Usually most honey wax products are water soluble but this one is a toto disappointment...finally I had to shell money on buying the wash off residue lotion as well....I may as well go the salon and get it done....
As I write this review, I am sticky with the honey that will not come off. Nothing I do will remove it, except polish remover which I used to remove it from my fingers.  I am not about to rub polish remover all over my face!  I have used other honey wax from another company, and never had this problem.I am going to tell everyone I know how terrible this product is.
not what i needed in size (too small for all the jewelry my granddaughter like to carry with her most of the times
I have purchased this from Murad and the bottle and container were different.  I called Murad and they were not sure this was their product.  I love Amazon and will continue to purchase items through them.  This was not a direct sell from Amazon and I will never purchase anything like this except through Murad.  Murad also said their product is fresh and they cannot verify how fresh this item was.
Ive used this stuff for a while and hated how fast it fades. It fades within a week which is terrible. DO NOT BUY.
I ordered two of these boxes.. My package did not even make it to me and was returned somehow.. I have no clue! Well at least Cosmetic Solutions refunded my money back into my account right away!=)
I hate this product don't use if u have dark hair cuz it doesn't work I asked for a refund it's been 2 or 3 days and still no refund !! Very disappointed no one should purchase from this seller! !!!!! Buyer beware! If u have dark hair doesn't work! Waste of time and $$$
I followed their instructions but didn't notice any change in the appearance of the spider veins.  Spider veins go in my family and I've had them from an early age- perhaps this might work better for age related ones, but I doubt it.
First the bottle is not sealed and when I opened it was half empty, so I got 1 oz instead of 2. I don;t know if that manufacturer or seller fault, it doesn't matter. I am using this product every day (morning and evening) on my broken capillary veins on legs and there is no difference at all. I've read that 5% vit K cream might help, maybe products with horse chestnut and rutin.I am using compression socks, and when I take them off at night capillaries are almost invisible, but this is only temporary effect, they are back in the morning. I also use cold shower massages and keep my legs elevated, but being pregnant doesn't help much;)
Not worth the money, not worth the outrageous shipping charges.  Nice smell.  Other products that work better or as well can be had at a better price.
I have never purchased pure shea butter before, so it may be my naivete that created my disappointment, BUT I was very unhappy to discover the texture of the product is like candle wax or hardened lip balm. It's really hard to get out and even harder to spread over my skin. Plus, once I'm successful in actually getting some of the "hard" stuff on my hands for distribution it greases up and takes several minutes to soak in. I would NEVER buy this product again.
Use a buff puff and your favorite body wash..................that's all you need before applying SUN tanning lotion! Prep products are just a way of getting you to buy more, not neccesary!
Horrible smell, weird feel on skin, does not moisturize well at all. Tanning lotion is great from this Co. Was definitely surprised that this product was so awful.
The product normally is very good which I used having bought it in Spain, however, the product I received here separated after less than 2 months! It is unusable now. It is either extremely old, been kept in extreme climates or is simply not the same product. Whatever the case- it was a total waste of money.
I could not find a forum for which to review Igora's Color Creme hair dye, so this forum will have to do. I am a man who decided to use a woman's hair color creme because there was simply no hair color creme for men that did not contain harmful chemicals. So I looked in THE SAFE SHOPPER'S BIBLE under hair care color dyes for women, which recommended Igora Botanica as safe. I purchased it and was sent a slim tube of creme. I saw some immediate problems. First, the box came with a warning that only qualified hair care professionals could use it without negating the product's safety warranty (whatever that warranty may be. The tube did not say). Then, the instructions told me to call for comments or questions--and then did not provide a phone number. I had to look in the SAFE SHOPPER'S BIBLE for the needed number. Third, when I called I got a recorded voice telling me to leave my name and number and somebody would get back to me. I am still waiting. Next,the tube did not list the ingredients so I do not know whether it contains harmful substances. Then, the instructions tell me that I must mix the color cream with another creme called Oxigenta, which was not included. Finally, the instructions for mixing the Igora with the Oxigenta were quite confusing. If this product by Igora is typical of the entire Igora line, DO NOT BUY IGORA.
I just recieved this little piece of crap. They're really nothing like the picture, they are very small and cheap. I should have gotten sunnies. These should sell AND ship for $2.00 at the most, DO NOT BUY!!!!! This is a fair warning.
"After one use, it lost its form. The gel it came with was old and the top was all dried up like cold wax. I was afraid to use the rest on my skin so I used my own firming lotion. If not placed just perfectly, face tends to round & puff up, but this thing moves around while sleeping. Form is even worse after 2nd use. Nothing like old fashion cardio exercise & diet. Seller did contact me after reading my review and offered refund after return."
this product is .....just ok not so much good.as after some time the band become loose.......and it looses its property to control the double chin.in real sense i m not satisfied from this product.moreover the design is not so accurate to tone up the side jaws.
Yes I am one of those unfortunate people that now have a double chin, which is rather ugly as everyone knows! I don't want lipo-suction or any other evasive treatment so I hoped this would offer an alternative... it does not. So save your money, the lotion without a nice scent does nothing and the wrap is so darn tight it gives you a headache. If you want to try it for yourself, do it while you are alone so your spouse or loved one does not have to see you all wrapped up with all your face & chin fat pressed out front making your face look swollen! Sooooo attractive!  haha  ;)  Next alternative... so far I have just been kneading my chin with my fist to tighen it up, seems to be working better.
The wrap has velcro to attach it and it cuts into your skin.  i do not have a big head but found the wrap (which I know is to be tight to work) when pulled to fit tore and lost the stretch.  not impressed
This product does not do anything. I used the whole thing: no difference whatsoever. Spend your money on something else.
For someone with a double chin - this wrap does not fit on my head & neck. I was disappointed
This is a very cheaply made item, extremely small for a woman size 8 and very flimsy. The neck section rolls up and the entire item is extremely inferior but costs far more than it it should by at least five times.
cheapest piece of garbage I have ever purchased, I would NOT recommend this to anyone at all! I wish I could just get my money back
I have been using this Robanda product for years, and will continue to use it. But instead of buying it as per usual at my local independent pharmacy, I decided to try ordering it online. I purchased from JLM Sales in June. The product was priced attractively and came quickly by mail, but did not contain the identical cream/serum that was advertised.  What I was sent was not in the same delivery system (plastic squeeze bottle instead of glass push button bottle), and is a thick yellow cream, similar to this company's hand cream.  It should be a lightweight pale yellow serum. I have notified JLM Sales, but as I am currently overseas, I cannot return it.  The picture on the ad was of the correct product.  I am very disappointed.
Tried this longer than it was recommended, it did not work at all.  It did have a plesant smell, but that's all it did.
Do not waste your money. I followed the directions and never saw a change in the size of my arms.
I think this product is a scam!  I should of known it was too good to be true!  It does not work at all.
If  you want to waiste your money buy this item. doesnt work.  The wraps are to lose dont tie up & the wrapping lotion doesnt work
this product didn't work at all.My arms still looked the same plus the wrap didn't fix. This product was the waste of money
Was absolutely too light for me &#62;_&#60; I eneded up giving it to a friend and it was too light for her also
Purchased one a few months ago. Quality was poor... even consisted of styrofoam filling. don't believe me? open up the padding and see what's inside! Will never buy again.
This is sort of a lacquer with small black fibers. After putting it on my eyebrows, my eyes started to water and burn - I guess due to the chemicals in it. All it did was make my brows look as if I had used a thin black pencil on them. Spend your money elsewhere.
While the 3.4 oz bottle of Chrome that I received appears to be in good condition and I do enjoy the way it smells, it does not seem right. I can apply several sprays of it and it still smells faint and it can't be smelled on me by others. The smells also fades very quickly and is about gone in a couple of hours. Dilute? Counterfeit? Defective? I don't know but I would not recommend purchasing Chrome from Amazon.
i order this a while back i always buy chrome in the 1.5 oz toilette spray for about the same price as i did the 3.4 oz let me tell you it not the same the 1.5 0z spray that i buy at a store smell great it last all day the smell the 3.4 oz that i bought on here smell last about 20 minutes tops before it wares off i will never buy it again so don't waste your money like i did
i was fooled by earlier reviews on this product.I was not sure if i wanted to buy perfume on amazon, but some how got carried away by reviews and price on this item.I was shocked to see the Mfg date of this product when i received it :01/12/07, this product was made 5years before. I used it and its just like sprinkling water no smell. Now i understand how they can sell these items at this price.Get them from any bigger store
My son has this cologne and even when he only uses one or two squirts of the stuff it's way too strong and the scent lingers in the air for over 30 minutes overpowering everything else. I've taken to hiding the stuff because it gives me migraine headaches - massive pain, nausea, bad taste in my mouth...nasty.If you want to overpower your date's perfume (or if you want to make everyone around you tell you, "Man, you put on too much cologne.")and give her a headache and stomach ache (because you despise her) then use this cologne. If not...please, for the love of all that is holy...do not buy or use this stuff!!!! It's AWFUL.
I bought a few colognes after making sure all of them were SHIPPED and SOLD by AMAZON after reading reviews of that being the way not to get a FAKE... I questioned Versace Dreamer so much that i called Amazon to make sure they got they're colognes direct.. They assured me they did.. I felt better and the colognes i bought after that case definitely seem legit.. Then came Curve by Liz Claiborne..  It came in the box with the tin lid already off, and the tin didn't look like the one in the picture... It was a greenish color, the word Curve was at an angle, and it didn't say Claiborne underneath curve... You can find a picture of it on Amazon from another store (who must be selling fakes too)... I called Amazon customer service, and they were great about refunding me my money with no hassle... They also told me to keep the cologne due to the shipping rules.. This was nice because the cologne is fairly close to real curve and smells good.. I just want the real deal seeing as that's what i paid for.. I'm not sure if i should chance another cologne or not, but i am  thinking as long as i can spot a fake i might be ok..  Hope this helps someone... btw Chrome was real
Don't buy this. I've been using this product for a long while now, and used to buy from department stores. I had always found it to be great and would recommend it to all my friends. I decided to purchase it from Amazon because it was cheaper. Well i got what i paid for....cheap and very poor quality! Usually the scent would last ALL day, the one i got from here lasts like 30 mins (& i think i'm being a bit generous).I was just now looking into purchasing Kouros, another fav of mine, then i decided to check the reviews on it. Of course when checking reviews i usually look at the lowest rated ones. It seems Kouros & other fragrances sold on Amazon are of similar poor quality; with reviewers saying things like either the products are old or were watered down.So it's back to the depmt stores for me!
Not the real chrome, less strong. Smells like its watered down. Package was ripped and the sealed plastic was glued shut not original packaging.
I think this cologne is a solid buy any time. I have used it before and it lasted well but the last bottle I got from Amazon must have been old or simply fake because it does not last at all!! I plan to buy another bottle from a trusted source just to compare because this product is definitely substandard. I'll be asking for a refund once I get the good product to compare. I cannot even get out of the house before there's barely a trace of it on me!! Needless to say, I stopped using it until I get this resolved.
My hubby put this on and it smelled like womens cologne. He gave it to our son, he says it smelled so much like women's perfume he was afraid to wear it around his girlfriend. Bad buy. Smells weak. But I do recommend Chrome Sport.
Well, I have been once more taken by another unscrupulous internet seller. This item smells like NOTHING. Not even close to the original stuff. If it ever smelled like anything, it must have been in the 19th century maybe. I am absolutely disgusted with this fake item since I have used the real thing for a while now. I guess you get what you pay for. I WILL NOT BUY ANY MORE COLOGNES FROM AMAZON.COM DUE TO THIS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE....OUTRAGEOUS!!!!"
It does not smellLike what I had smelt beige man. I had a sample from Macy's and I loved it! This stuff is different and it die sent last forMore than 6 hrs! I only use it for the gym now. It should be cheaper for the quality
I saw this perfume in Macy's. I tried over there and it last long for 2 days. I was amazed like voh!! . So, I ordered from amazon. Its fragrance goes in 10 mins. It also doesn't smell same like the one I tried in Macy's. Next time, I will buy from Macy's.
This is not the same fragrance! ! Don't be fool with the price and pic.. I'll advice you to buy at a retail store! !
I wore these two times and the crotch busted.  I bought the correct size and they were not too tight. In fact, they were a bit loose.  I washed them using Woolite hand washing detergent.I had a pair of these before and found they were like pantyhose, only with a higher pricetag.Save your money.  The quality isn't there. You'd be better off going to your local retail merchant like Target and buying a more substanial product.The only good thing is that the product does make you look better in pants or whatever you're wearing.I just think they could be made more durable.
I received an e-mail stating that my item was shipped but that was weeks ago and still no merchandise!  I will rate this merchant as poor until I receive what I have paid good money for.
I found the item ineffective in that the things that were promised did not happen the way it did for the footed pantyhose.
I tried this product once. That was enough. It's clumpy, off color and gross. Its very orange.... even for a redhead. I would not purchase this again, though I have used the clear type brow gel in the past without problems. I believe its the color and maybe the brand that made it so bad. BOOOOOOOO!
The androstenone nonsense has been around since at least 2001 and not surprisingly internet marketers have cherry-picked science to make avery weak case for this derivative of testosterone  to turn your average make "6" into Brad Pitt.B.S.The facts:The ability to even perceive the odor of androsterone is in all likelihood dictated by a single odorant receptor called OR7D4.Not all human being s are even capable of detecting this scent for reasons that are not yet fully understood.There are two variations of this receptor--RT/WM and RT/RT.  Those individuals possessing the RT/RT genotype have been experimentallyproven to perceive androsterone as offensive: a foul urinous odor or one similar to heavy sweat. Those possessing the former genotype--RT/WMreport a less offensive odor, while a few suggest it similar to vanilla or a floral.The implication of the Rockefeller study is obvious: you can't know who can detect the scent or who will find it offensive or, conversely, slightly less offensive.Clearly, the suggestion that androsterone will attract women to men like moths to a flame is utter nonsense. It may very well be that even if you are drop-dead good lookingwith a body like a Greek God, the woman you're  attracted to you may be one who gets a whiff of a urinal when you approach her; at the same time, if you connect with a woman"out of your league" (you're a six and she's a nine) it could be because you're sitting next to her at a bar during the Super Bowl, you're both Patriot fans and they win a nail-biter in overtime.If she's with other girls (no boyfriend) she'll experience a rush of dopamine (The brain chemical that creates euphoria) which will give her a jolt of strong sexual feelings and you could,under those circumstances, suddenly look like a nine to her.The point: figure out a a way to get a girl to experience a dopamine rush and you're going to look a lot sexier to her.
Searching for a good pheromone product I tried this one.It says it has "concentrated pheromones" but in the fine print on the package it says it has "less than 0.0225mg/l". So that means that it has something like 0.007mg in the whole bottle which is about 1000 times less pheromones than a serious pheromone product should have.Also it smells like cheap aftershave and my gf hated it if you want real pheromones look elsewhere.
Mr. Ellsworth's review is pretty much spot on.It does contain androstenone, but in such small quantities that only a dog might notice... but the scent is so powerful that the dog might not after all.  It's not a bad scent if you're into cheap, fresh aftershave scents... and the scent does last... but this product is about as good a candidate for scam as I can find, the way it is marketed.  It was my first pheromone purchase, and I felt gypped.I tried it at various times, places and levels of application - all the way up to "Oh my God, what did you do, fall into your cologne?" strength.  (That is an actual comment I got by the way.)  There were absolutely NO hits from this product at all.  Not a one.The amount of pheromones in this bottle is so small as to be patently ridiculous.  I use products that give me 2.5 micrograms of androstenone PER SPAY and get very good results with even 1 spray.  I would have almost literally had to wear the whole bottle to get results like I get with my current products.If you buy this, buy it because you think it smells good.  As a cheap cologne oil, it isn't terrible.  As a pheromone product, it is positively laughable.
I never recived my conair product.  I was tracking and then it said it was being returned to sender. So I had Amazon resend it once it got back to them. then they shipped it again. Then once again i was tracking it and it said Returning to sender so i never got my conair product. And i am waiting for my refund once it reaches Amozon again.
I have thick and slightly wavy hair.  This stuff doesn't do anything no matter how I try to use it.  I have tried everything and I just want to get my money back...
This product made my hair feel stiff and did not make my hair any straighter.  Save your money.
I bought this toilette spray for my man and it was a very special occasion. I waited patiently for it to arrive at my job. It was delivered, I was so excited! I couldn't wait for it to arrive. My man purchased this in Germany and he searched and searched for such a long time to find it. I searched the internet EVERYWHERE for so long. I finally found it! At Amazon! When it came, I didn't open the package...I waited for him to open it. When he did, it was such a dissapointment. I was shipped the wrong item! The worse thing was, the picture of the spray was the same of the item that he already had gotten in Germany. This is why I bought it for him.Instead of his face lighting up with joy, he was upset. It was supposed to be a surprise and it was not. This was the worse experience with Amazon that I EVER HAD! I am sending it back..I am so glad that he didn't spray it. We just smelled the scent of the bottle, it smelled like an older man's cologne. Not good.
I would love to say that this product worked wonders for me, but sadly, it did not. I followed all of the directions, but the product did nothing for me. I mean nothing. Since so many people swear by it, I will give this product the benefit of the doubt, and say that it is possible that I may have received an expired product.
I went to my hairdresser on January 5 and she suggested using the Olive Oil no lye relaxer.  This is one of the biggest mistakes I've ever made in my life.  Yes it makes you hair straight, to the point where you can see you scalp.  Today is February 17 and I have still have bald spots.  I have resorted to wearing a wig as my hair looks so terrible.  I'm hoping that this STUFF will wear out of my hair and I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER AGAIN have this STUFF put in my hair.
I used this on my hair and it didn't take well to my hair. And it's not like it's coarse because with any other relaxer I've always been able to use the regular. Plus it burned like crazy which I've never experienced before. The conditioner thing left my hair feeling disgusting. I will be washing it promptly tomorrow morning. I will never again buy anything Olive Oil. Horrible experience.
I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT ABOUT A WEEK AGO, I PUT IT ON, AFTER 3 OR 4 MINUTES I FELT MY HAIR AND IT DIDN'T FEEL RIGHT I QUICKLY RAN IN THE SHOWER TO WASH IT OUT BUT I WAS TOO LATE...MY HAIR WAS FALLING OUT IN CHUNKS I WAS DEVASTATED :(, AND WHAT WAS LEFT WAS GOOEY LIKE TEXTURE, DRY AS HAY. IM NOW DOING HAIR TREATMENT FOR THE HAIR I STILL HAVE EVERY OTHER DAY.....THE LUCKY THING IS I ALREADY HAD SHORT HAIR SO PULLING OFF A SHORTER HAIR STYLE WAS EASY FOR ME, I ALSO HAD THICK AND FULL HAIR AND IT BURN TO THE SCALP ON THE TOP CENTER OF MY HEAD BUT I HAD PLENTY OF HAIR THAT I WAS ABLE TO COVER IT WITHOUT ANYONE KNOWING WHAT HAPPEN TO ME. NOT EVERYONE CAN COME OUT LIKE I DID SO I TOTALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOUR LOOKING TO GO BALD.
This totally fried my hair. I'm mixed and I have extremely curly hair. I did exactly what the directions said and 'totally fried' is an understatement. Maybe it will work better in your hair? I wouldn't do it though.
I had hair about 3 inches below my shoulders before using this product, and now I have hair up to my chin!!! It killed my ends soooo bad, and made so much of my hair fall out, I was horrified! I am mixed, with semi-curly hair, and thankfully I have a ton of hair, otherwise I'm sure I would have been bald after this. What hair I do have left is straighter, but I would never do this again just for slightly curly hair!!!!
I have used this product for over a year with good results but in December I used a kit and whoa, terrible results. I applied relaxer as directed and left it on 12 minutes (I have fine hair but a lot of it) and after using the neutralizing shampoo (amazing for softening and conditioning) and the ORS deep conditioner in the kit (pure garbage)-- the results on my hair were not good. There was a clear line of demarcation between previous relaxed hair (using ORS) and this new touch-up that did not come out straight, or even wave. This NL relaxer just made my hair extremely rough looking, dull and lifeless. Seems like a change in formula, ORS, not a smart move-- at all.It has taken me 2 months of weekly rounds of deep conditioning with Nexxus Emergencee, Rolland Rebuild therapy (great for moisturizing) still the demarcation was still very visible. I finally I tried another deep protein conditioner Mega Tek-- $29 on Amazon, and with NExxus Headdress (leave in), Argan oil and a hot flat iron, was able to get my hair to bouncy and shiny again. No more bun to hide the ORS damage. I don't think I will use ORS NoLye relaxer again.
Ive been using this relaxer for a while now and couldn understand why i was experiencing a terribly dry itchy scalp. On top of that i also noticed that i was loosing more hair daily than a animal shedding their fur in the spring time! This experience has been traumatic and life altering and i am highly considering filing a claim against the company. If anyone has suffered from a bad experience such as me, please contact me personally via email at Neyshera@yahoo.com
After seeing the claims for the Olive Oil Relaxer on Tyra Banks Show, I purchased it.  Used it according to the directions, but at the end or the process, when combing with the oil conditioner; hunks of my hair came out in the comb.  This happened about 4 times.  My hair is now shorter than before.  This Relaxer seemed to be worse for me than others I have used, even though it had good conditioners.
don't use it, biiiiig no. nothing ever affected my hair, i have a good quality hair, this one, placed it on my hair for 5 min, and that is it!! looks bad, feels bad, dry, lost its shine.... trust me on this, you don't want to use this horrible thing on your hair:@
The picture clearly shows the normal strength. What I recieved was the extra strength. I called to find out why and they said it doesn't state a strength on the web page? The picture clearly shows the normal strength box.They said to send it back and if the normal was available they would ship it once they talked to the shipping dept. I have decided to keep it and not deal with the hassle. Hope my hair will be okay.
I love jasmine, I have a whole jasmine garden at my front entrance for my husband, but this is a very unpleasant smell with maybe a hint of jasmine in the overtones.  My husband loves jasmine even more than I do and he asks me to wash this stuff off while my daughter just asks what smells so weird.  I haven't found anyone so far that likes the smell though I see from the reviews that some people do.  As for uses, if you happen to like the smell, it does nothing at all for my hair in the short term (I followed the instructions from their website for a few weeks, I didn't use it longer than that since there are cheaper products that actually do work), and no better than regular lotion for my skin though I can use it on my face with no adverse effects.  Obviously, I will never buy it again.  If you like Monoi or have had good luck with oil treatments on your hair in the past, you may want to try another scent like the Tahitian Gardenia.  If you really want to help your hair though and it is the damaged,dry, chemically treated type like mine, check out silkworks or biosilk or infusium 23 or any of the other popular leave-in treatments which are about the same price and way more effective.
after reading reviews seeing my roommates all using this product i gave it a try. the first day--nothing! the second day my hair was so stiff i couldn't brush through it. i had to wash my hair immediately before leaving for work. not only that i had to use a lot of conditioner which then made my hair very very limp. i have never ever returned a product before but this will be going back tomorrowi have thin, straight hair.
I received this item the other day. It was packaged very good so I know the damage didnt happen in the shipping . Also I received it in a timely manner. My problem is the stuff wont work. It wont pump at all. I am so upset!
Although, it does volumize the hair but this product is STICKY!!! Also, after putting this product on, it's hard to manage/style my hair because all my hair will be stuck to one another. It's like one of those cheap hairspray that is very sticky and greasy looking except this is in mousse form. I don't recommend this product to anyone at all!Btw I have very fine wavy hair.
The jar of cream was nearly empty. Since the jar is made of dark glass,  I could not see through how much cream there was inside when I received it until I started using it. Only after a few days of a very small quantity use once a day, the cream had problem coming of the spray, so I took off the top and looked inside and realised there was not much cream left. This is the first time I bought cosmetic online and this experience does not encourage me to continue doing so. Last time I bought the same cream in a cosmetic shop, I used the product for more than 6 months. I buy a lot from Amazon and now have doubt about how much this site can be trusted.
I was so looking forward to this perfume. But instead of the expected fresh and bright scent of lemons, it had an unpleasant and musky/powdery smell of a cheap old ladies perfume. And it stays for hours! It gave me an instant headache. If you wish to smell like an old bag of an 85-year old lady - this is for you. Such disappointment!
i did not understand this product, first it only smells lavender (nothing like coconuts), and then, the product is so thick that it wouldn't come out off the bottle. I tried to press it so hard but nothing happened.
I removed the two machine screws that hold the blade assembly on to the vibration assembly to clean it.  When brushing out the accumulated hair and lint, a small piece of plastic popped out.  It turned out to be one of the little plastic nubs that moves the blade back and forth.  This tiny broken component caused the trimmer to completely fail.This is a classic case of a product only being as good as it's weakest part, and in this case, it turns out to be a small (and brittle) nub of plastic.  I had better luck with a cheap Oster, which I'm going back to WalMart to purchase today.
I have always purchased Wahl clippers and decided to try Andis.  Wahl's are so large and heavy.  However, I can get a faster and more even cut with a pair of scissors.  They are very quiet and that is because there is not enough power to cut.  Go with another brand and you do get what you pay for!
I order this product because it was a reasonable price for unbox.  The powder in the jar was not Angel Powder.
I would not suggest buying this, I put it in my hair... smells awfull, and it doesn't even work. Very disappointed in it, I thought I'd have straight hair or at least slightly straight hair. It did absolutely nothing for me and I followed the instructions as told.
This product is horrible. It was a great idea: a straightener that you wouldn't need to spend time doing every single day...one that you would apply and be done with in less than an hour and not have to worry about it for several months. This is not the case. Upon opening the bottle I started gagging over the awful smell. It did not smell like chemicals like you would think. It smelled like cow manure or something along those lines...a toilet maybe. Not only did I have to deal with the smell for 15 minutes it was still there after using shampoo. It also did not straighten my hair at all. I ended up using the electric hair straightener in the morning. I would not recommend wasting your money on this product.
I rarely return things but this product went straight back to Sephora. It didn't make my hair softer, smoother or add shine. It just dampened it.
Very disappointed with this lip balm. The strawberry scent was very fake and  I could smell the perfumes and chemicals behind the fake berry smell. It was like vasaline texture. Not recommended. Not worth the price which was too high for the quality.
Two months into a 3-month herbal detox which included Elemis Deep Drainage, Cal-Metab Plus, Vitality, and Silhoutte, I started feeling nauseated, headaches, off-balance, dizzy, insomnia, night sweats, fatigue, increased heart palpitations, hot spots on my skin, confused, memory loss, high blood pressure which is not norm for me. Looked up ingredients one by one and found that 3 different ingredients had the side-effects I was experiencing so I stopped taking the supplement.Docs are testing kidneys, pancreas, liver and gallbladder and feel my body was stressed by the detox which may take up to 3 months to get back to norm.
This product was a complete waste of money, It does nothing to help you loose weight of speed up your system. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY.
This doesn't do s***.What ever weight you lose it is from diet and excercise.No difference in feeling or look.
I purchased Cal-Metab Plus and Deep Drainage for the purpose of detoxification (the entire program actually, but it starts with those two). Before I started this, I was already on Weight Watchers losing weight quite nicely (am close to my goal weight now).  I never believed in pills for a substitute of healthy diet and exercise.  Anyhow, according to my counselor (who gets nice commissions for it for sure), these products are an important part of detoxification which is necessary -- as it is the basis for good health.  It seemed to make sense at the time, enough for us to spend nearly a couple of thousands dollars on this. So far I am not impressed.  I have done detoxifications programs in the past and you saw results with those (let's not get further into that :-)) -- I don't see anything with these pills.  It's like taking sugar pills.  It was not a good investment for us.  Mind you, at least the other topics the counselor talked about were quite educational -- as well as the couple of pdf books he provided us.  Strangely enough, our counselor's website doesn't even mention this product line.  He only sells it over cruise lines, but doesn't recommend it to his web visitors.  I suppose that says it all.  This being said, the guy has to make a living somehow ... Would I spend this money again on such "programs"? - no way.
I bought this particular product along with an entire skin care regimen of La Therapie products (face wash, astringent, mask, a.m. and p.m. moisturizer, etc.) while on a Royal Caribbean cruise vacation last year. I visited the spa while onboard in search of a treatment for my mild acne scarring.  The spa manager recommended the products to me and suggested I get a La Therapie facial.  So I did.  I went for the facial and they "customized" a line of La Therapie products for "my specific needs."  I bought everything they recommended spending about $450.  I was so excited and started using the products immediately.  After about two weeks of use my face felt very dry and tight and my neck was like alligator skin. I contacted the company to ask if this was normal.  The person I spoke with told me that this was normal and to continue daily use. I did.  But my skin was still getting worse and I decided to stop using the products altogether.  I should mention I am only 28 years old. Now, several months later I still have some of the tightness in my skin, dry scaly patches, and wrinkles, all of which were nonexistent before I used this product.  It makes me sick every time I think about it.  This product line is very dangerous.
I don't have breakout prone skin and as soon as I started using this product I broke out.  I won't order again.
This is my first review, even though I been buying through amazon for years. When I purchased this product I thought It would be a brand new product. For my surprise, it has a tag where it says "Tester, not for resale".
No big deal.  Mitt doesn't keep heat all that well.  The rest is just the rest.  Not great but not terrible
Bags are too large and difficult to use when you've a hand covered in wax.  Gloves too large, don't keep in heat, slip off. Unless you have 3 hands (two to soak and one to put on gloves and pop a rubber band on your wrists to keep gloves from falling off) this product is not worth it.
After installing the battery, the back of the battery conpartment would not go back on. I had to use duct tape on a brand new item!
I wonder why there is the following information on this product's box:"This product is not proven effective on nails or scalp". I just started using it today so I am concerned I will be using it for a long time hoping for positive results just so that in the end I will find out that there is a reason why they purposely wrote that on the box...
I wasn't very happy with this product. The product itself is pretty good, but it smelled musty - like it had been sitting around for quite a few years on a shelf. If this is the case, I'll never buy again. Also, if that is the normal smell, I'll never buy again. Just so everyone knows, if you can put up with the odor, it works okay.Amazon was great though.
A great concept of protecting your insulin vials, but the plastic tray is awkward to use. My insulin vials kept popping out, or sometimes popped out so forcefully when I did try to remove them, that I ended up dropping them on the floor. They used to have a great case with durable elastic loops for your vials...the predecessor to this version. It was much better but I don't think they make it anymore.
Purchased because of good reviews, received on time but no smell at all. Maybe the seller send me the oldest from their shelf. Wasted my money
I needed a brush identical to the Ace brush I've owned for over 10 years. Based on the product pictured in the advertisement on this product page, this appeared identical to mine all the way down to the bristle count. Because of this, I placed an order for 2 brushes. However, upon arrival, the products I received were nothing like that which is advertised in the picture on this Amazon-BEAUTY4FAMILY product page.As a result, I made 2 good faith attempts to contact BEAUTY4FAMILY through Amazon and give them an opportunity to resolve the issue. It has been over a month and there has been no attempt by BEAUTY4FAMILY to respond in any capacity to my messages. Due to their lack of response, I was forced to file an A-to-z Guarantee claim in order to get my money back. I will never do business with BEAUTY4FAMILY and recommend others not to conduct future business either.
Hardly any smell and it's just not fun to use like other Lush soaps. Try Honey I Washed the Kids, Sea Vegetable or just about any other Lush soap in place of this one!
this soap is awful. let's hope lush has better new products in store for the future.
Loved the original gel, but this was dried out and unusable. Too bad. I wish Maybeline would start making it again.
I am very disappointed with this product. I find that it seems very dry, although I can see that there is product in the tube, I try to get the wand on an angle to really get some. I will not buy this again. I will keep looking for a better product.
I didn't even get it and I ordered it 2 years ago! If I could give this less stars I would! Not worth the $15.00 I spent
I hate to say this since Philosophy is one of my favorite brands, but this is probably the worst mascara I have ever used. It clumps really badly and is very difficult to remove. It does not simply wash off, it forms little rubbery strings that end up all over your face and the bathroom sink. About half of them remain attached to your lashes, and I've pulled so many of mine out just trying to remove the mascara. Everything else I've ever tried from Philosophy was fantastic, but the best mascara out there, hands down, is from Lancome.
I am dissapointed. I never got the vitamins when I was supposed to. I contacted them (COSTSELL) they said they emailed me, although I never got an email from them. The vitamins were already for $206 with shipping included (90 capsules). They said that the reason was that the vitamins were cracked. First, the said the bottle was cracked. I told them to send them anyways, because I had a feeling that it wasn't the reason. Then they said that the vitamins will expire in march. It's almost January and I purchased 90 caps. Obviously they are not telling me something. But I really think. The item is in demand and there aren't very many of this so they are trying to raise the price and make an excuse for the people who bought at a "low price" so that they can still keep these vitamins and resell them at a higher price. It is a shame!.
The shipping was quick; and the color looks very nice; but, that's about all the positive comments that I can provide; becasue the umbrella stoped working after one day; It did not stay open, the sections kept folding backward, I had to keep opening them every other second; since I threw away the packaging that's why I could not return it; I was very disappointed.
The bottom was red so I used it. It didn't work for my baby, it caused more severe rash.
Gerber baby nail clippers are the best I've used, but they're tough to find. I was delighted to see them on Amazon. Unfortunately, the nail clippers that arrived were NOT Gerbers. They're just some generic nail clippers. They're fine. Nothing great, and not worth the effort to return them. But if you're looking for Gerber nail clippers, keep on looking. This vendor is advertising falsely.
I didn't want to put any stars for the rating but it makes you put at least one. I have used Johnson's Baby Lotion for years with no problem, so when I bought their Baby Oil to relieve my dry, sun-parched skin, I assumed I'd have no problem with that either. Within a few hours of using it I developed a severe red and bumpy rash all over my neck, chest and arms. Five days later it it still there and it is spreading, and the itching is unbearable. I've now developed really rough ugly patches where the bumps have joined together and the affected skin is as dry as sandpaper. I'm not looking great in a T-shirt. Nothing relieves it. I've tried oral Piriton and topical Sudocrem. I've also tried going bare and just showering with warm water and applying nothing, but this has no effect. Had I known that Johnson's Baby Oil could do this to skin I'd never have used it. STEER WELL CLEAR!
I bought this to clean stainless steel appliances, including my new SimpleHuman garbage can.  It works great for that purpose, BUT it smells SO STRONG that I almost barfed and had to open all the windows in winter to air the place out.  I don't know how anyone can stand the odor.  If you LIKE the overpowering smell of diapers, then by all means buy this.  But if you want an UNSCENTED stainless steel cleaner, well, do what I did -- go to your local grocery store and buy a cheap bottle of mineral oil.  It's the same thing, but without the vomitous stench.  I knew it might smell a bit, but I didn't expect it to make me gag.
DON'T BOTHER WITH THIS STUFF.  If I could have given no star I would have.  First off it didn't work several times until I left it on for an hour.  THEN I couldn't go anywhere despite having taken a shower, because it still smelled very strong on my skin.  It smells very strong on the skin at the recommended time to leave it on.  So you can't go anywhere for 12-24 hours after using this product because you smell so bad.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE.  IT IS AWFUL.
This product is greasy, sticky, even oily, making it difficult to work into the hair and scalp. It remains &#34;on&#34; the hair instead of absorbing, creating a dirty, stringy look.  Very disappointed. I won't recommend it.
I agree with the other reviewer that this product is worth zero stars. It leaves a film on your hair that just sits there and creates frizz. It has no moisturizing benefits whatsoever. When in the shower you can feel a weird film coating the hair that doesn't come off. I bought the 13 oz jar and unfortunately after just two uses I will be throwing this nearly full jar away. Terrible product.
I was super excited to try this product, but only ended up disappointed.  It really made no difference with my dandruff.  The only thing that continues to work is Head & Shoulders.  It's not great for dyed hair but it's worth the trade-off.
I did not see a difference. This product absorbs until dry and my face did not feel very moisturized any more than it was before.
I liked Amazon.com's service, its the product that I didn't like.  I thought I was ordering Celestial Body Lotion by Thierry Mugler instead it was a parfumed type body lotion.  The picture on my right is of the parfumed type NOT what I wanted at all but decided to keep it as I do not like the hassle of returning and trying to get credit back on my acct or card.
should be a big Zero stars...has no fragrance and is not a body wash, it is Goop
This tanning lotion smells nice but that's about it. It does nothing to help you tan better or anything. I do not recommend this product for anyone who wants to get tan.
A search just now of Cosmeticsdatabase (if they can be believed; but they do seem diligent) seems to list this product or a similar product as "Moderately Hazardous":  the listing at that dot-com is:"Curel Daily Moisture Therapy Lotion, Original Formula".(You too can go there and do the search.)In contrast, some other skin lotions being sold on Amazon seem better: they are listed in Cosmeticsdatabase as merely "Low Hazard".
It was just today when I decided to start using this product which I really waited for it since I am using many wonderful products fron Skin Doctors. I kept it unused for few weeks since I was using some other eye contour products that I had before. I opened the box and started pressing it to find out that there wa nothing inside other than some solid remains. I got a dry product. I really feel so angry.
This product does zero...absolutely nothing to eliminate under eye puffiness. Please don't waste your money! It is as if I didn't put anything on!
I have put so many different kinds of products on my face in my life, most of them filled with harsh chemicals created in a lab somewhere, and I've NEVER had an allergic reaction to a single one.This is the first product I've ever had an allergic reaction to, which is ironic considering that it's all natural, organic, and calls itself "calming, and non-irritating."  My face is currently BEET red and burning hot with blisters.  I've washed the product off and taken a benadryl and trying to calm down with an ice pack.In reading these reviews I see several other people had this same reaction.Beware.
THEN: I used Avalon Organics Ultimate Moisture cream for over 10 years. It is the only product that really moisturized my skin here in the Rocky Mountains with nearly 350 days a year of unrelenting sunshine and wind at 8,000 feet above sea level. The original cream was a lovely and rich (without being heavy) cream that gave my skin a remarkable and noticeable glow often commented on by others. Fine lines were kept at bay, my face was never shiny or dry. Due to our extremely dry climate I would use approximately two 2 oz. containers a month. When I traveled to hot and tropical climates the amazing effect was an actual lessening of oiliness. I am at times prone to breakouts and this product never caused any. I would keep some in my purse to apply under my eyes once or twice during the day, and the effect was always a brightening lift of any appearance of fatigue, youth in a jar. No other cream (including several quite expensive ones) had ever been so remarkable. It was a quick to soak in, frothy souffle of intense moisture but with a feather light feel on the skin. I run out of adjectives trying to describe how perfect this cream was. I never broke out and my face felt and looked dewy and glowing.NOW: The name and formula have both changed. If you purchase from this page you will be receiving "Lavender Luminosity" night cream instead. When I went to make a recent online purchase I saw more than one review of the product stating that if you had previously enjoyed this product to now beware. The new formula was an entirely different product and had suffered at the hand of the new "more sustainable" formula. I note the company does not say what becomes "more sustainable". I am inclined to believe it has more to to with their cash flow and less to do with the environment.I finally found a store I could test the new formula. I left without making a purchase because I found both the daily moisturizer and the night moisturizer, completely different products from their former selves. If this were an improvement I would have undoubtedly purchased in bulk. I am afraid I find both new products extremely, in a word, horrible. And it would be a gross waste of my money to purchase either one. I will also add he product turned my face dangerously red and stung like an angry hornet. A unique an unpleasant sensation no other product before or after has managed to produce.Unbeknownst to me my mother did purchase both the daily moisturizer and the Ultimate Moisture night cream (based on my rave reviews to her of the previous formula), which she gave me (since she didn't like it anyway). Braving a potentially hostile skin reaction, I wore the daily moisturizer for two days, and each day it felt like such a relief to wash my face. It leaves a completely unnatural "mask" like layer on top of the skin without actually sinking in or moisturizing in any way. It feels like a layer of plastic saran wrap.I thought it not possible, but the night cream was even worse. It reminded me of some margarine I purchased during an extended stay in a third-world country once. I tried to melt it in a skillet and it never melted, even at very hot temperatures. It would never spread with any fluidity, nor would it soak in to any food item.I lament the new night cream feels just as cheap and ineffectually formulated as third-world margarine.I have never written to a company to express my disappointment until now. I wrote Avalon Organics to express to them my disillusionment with their new "improved" product. They have chosen not to reply or acknowledge my letter.So, it is with a heavy heart that I find I must change my decade long and loyal romance with Avalon Organics to someone else. I am currently trying a bevy of products one after the other in my quest. None are as perfect as the one solitary jar I have left of the original formula "Ultimate Moisture Cream". Good title that one, "ultimate" is absolutely right.If you are a user of the late lamented Ultimate Night cream and have found any product that compares favorably please let me know.
While the new label claims environmental friendliness, the product now contains a host of unpronounceable chemicals and high levels of alcohol.  Meanwhile, the levels of botanicals and natural oils that made this so wonderful for sensitive skin in the past have decreased.The new formula irritated my face to such a degree after only use, I returned the product.
The light texture and luxurious feel without greasiness on my face was a major selling point of the old Lavender Ultimate Moisture Cream, but I might have been able to do without that pleasant experience if the (all natural essential oil) lavender scent remained.  Because THAT'S what made me actually put the cr&egrave;me on my face at night.  Oh sad, sad day--the beautiful aromatherapy is gone in this inferior "replacement" product!  This cream is okay, but it no longer has ANY of the features that made me love the old formula.  I need a waaaambulance!  I want to cry myself to sleep because I just can't stand the thought of buying it anymore.  Unless and until they bring back the old formula.  (Hint, hint, Avalon Organics.)  If you loved the old Lavender Ultimate Moisture Cream for the same reasons, don't waste your money on this lesser, ho-hum cream that feels heavier to apply and wear, and barely even smells good.
Do not buy this product unless you want your face to be red, burning and splotchy. Thanks a lot, Avalon Organics. Five minutes after I applied this lousy product, my face was as red as a devil. I tried to rub this awful lotion off my face with a washcloth but it had already soaked in. I had to put my face in ice water to give me some relief. You would think "organic" might mean mild or natural - don't be fooled. This chemical nightmare needs a warning label.
In what far stretch of the imagination can citrus oils be considered 'hypoallerginic' and suitable for 'sensitive skin'?The actual ingredients of this product are not listed on the website and are in fact entirely inappropriate.Included also are many flower products, very allergenic.  I put a minute amount on my chin and was immediately burning over my entire face and eyes.Not a happy mom.
I've used Avalon's Lavender Ultimate Moisture Cream for years and have absolutely loved it. Super light, goes right into the skin, no heavy feel, and that luxurious lavender aroma!  It was totally worth the slightly higher price than other moisturizers. Sadly enough, the last time I ordered it, the product had been drastically changed.  It's now called "Lavender Luminosity Night Cream", although it no longer has any lavender smell.  (Luminosity? What's that? Like we need to glow in the dark or something?) The cream is now heavy (pulls on my skin when I put it on) and greasy-feeling, makes my skin feel slightly burn-y, and smells just plain weird.  The Avalon company did not respond to my email comments and complaints, but I was told by another distributor (not Amazon) that the new product is what Avalon is sending them now (the distributor didn't even know it had been changed) in place of the Ultimate Moisture Cream.  Apparently Avalon is no longer making a day cream, only this loser night cream. I won't buy it anymore (and probably nothing more at all from Avalon in light of their poor judgment and lack of customer service) and I recommend you don't buy it either.
Read the reviews, I use other Avalon products but this simply burns my the skin under my eye.  I am not a sensitive skin type, don't know why.  Just didn't work for me.  The gel is also very loose, 1 pump is more than enough for both eyes.  Have to send back.
This eye cream is very irritating! I cannot use it any more. So, I can just give it one star ...
People are right - this product isn't what it used to be.  It's not creamy at all.  It's some stiff mixture that you have to work at  to get the skin to absorb.  I don't reach a saturation point in that I can keep putting on more and more and I never reach that dewey, moisturized feeling and I have very normal skin.  I'm so weary of manufacturers that tweak a product and end up ruining it!
***ETA July 2013: my most recent order of this product came with a terrible discovery: it's been reformulated. No longer rich and creamy, it is now watery. It does not moisturize deeply, at all. The fragrance of lavender is almost nonexistent.Worst of all, it broke me out. So I am giving up on this product and looking for a replacement. This is the second time Avalon has cheapened a product, I won't try any new Avalon products.***I've been using this as a night cream for about 6 months now, and I can say with certainty that it is wonderful.Pros: very high-quality ingredients, extremely good for the skin, feels great going on, smells lovely. Read the ingredient list, you will see a host of things that protect and repair your skin!Cons: If my skin is irritated that day, it will sometimes sting when I first apply it. Also, I can really only find it at a good price on Amazon.I'm glad I found this 2-pack. I've put one in the fridge for maximum freshness.
I have used Avalon Organics shampoo, hair conditioner, body lotion for years so had a basic trust in their products.  I bought this night cream and my face became beet red right after using it.  It stings after washing off, using remedies to soothe and anti-allergens.  I've never had a reaction to any product which was this extreme. They should have warnings on the label and now I'm wondering if they've changed their other products as well.Be careful with this one no matter how many people like it, obviously it's not good for at least two of us.
This Avalon Lavender Serum is NOT the authentic product! I purchased the same product at Whole Foods Market, and the one I received from this seller is not even close! I will not be buying any skin care products on Amazon any longer. It makes me wonder how many false products I've been using on my skin up to now.
it has loads of alcohol and smell heavy of that. My skin is not the sensitive type but it feels very much irritated by the toner. Not recommended to anyone.
The product was opened when I received it and when put onto the face its like putting water all over your face. Does not have any coverage. If bought go to a makeup store and not amazon.
stay away!!! i have just normal colored blonde hair, and just a tiny little spray will make your hair so greasy, you can wring it out!! i dont know what kind of hair type this product is for, but it makes hair look greasy, shiny, and unwashed.
Wanna know why a $72 perfume only cost $41? Because it's not the real thing! I've been buying this perfume from Sephora for the last couple of years and everytime the cashier said "That will be $78 (with NYC tax)" my heart skipped a beat. When I found it in Amazon for just $41, I was beyond excited. Unfortunately my happy "I'm saving $37" dance came to a screeching end when I received the product and took a whiff. It smells NOTHING like the real Princess perfume, instead of delicious sweetness I was greeted with the smell of cheap flowers. Hell, even though Princess has some floral notes, it is a soft oriental perfume (it's even infused with dark chocolate and vanilla!!!) It's NOT suppose to smell like a hardcore floral perfume!!!In short: The product sold here is just an overpriced cheap knock-off of the real Vera Wang Princess - don't buy it!
I suspect I was shipped a counterfeit product via Amazon of this product.  The packaging is not as high quality as the VW Princess bottles I've had in the past and it doesn't smell right and is not the right color.  I would not purchase from this website again.
this dealer does not distribute the genuine product. i did not try the product as delivered, but the packaging and the appearance of the cream itself weren't anything like the real deal.i would suggest avoiding purchase of this product from this dealer.
I've never had break outs before in my life. I used this lotion in combination with the liquid mild facial soap and within 2 days my forehead and cheeks broke out with pimples! I'm almost 30 years old! This product is not recommended and I will be going back to my Peter Thomas Roth products.
This is probably the ONLY item in Clinique's lineup that needs a change. It's got MINERAL OIL (Paraffinum Liquidum) as one of the top ingredients. It's fine if you don't mind clogged pores. For the price, it's not worth it. Mineral oil is a cheap by-product of petroleum, and has been shown to clog pores. Ever notice how when you rub on baby oil (also mineral oil) after a shower, the water beads up? That's because it CLOGS YOUR PORES. Literally, it LOCKS in moisture, among anything else that might be on your skin.No thanks. I'll stick to the moisture surge line.
Clinique and Sephora sell the 4.2 ounce pump for $24.50 at regular retail cost. I really dislike when Amazon sellers claim a much higher retail price to make it appear they are selling items at a discount, when in fact they are overcharging customers. Hope this helps.
$89.99 for .68 ounces of this spray? Is this a mistake? How could this price be correct? $8.99 or $9.99 seems more in line with the others sprays by this manufacturer.  If I spent this much on this spray, I would expect not to have headaches for a month. Please correct, because I would love to start buying this spray. I have used the sinus and allergy spray from this company and they work GREAT!!!
As A Migraine & Headache Sufferer, I Purchase Many Items That May Help Me Feel Better. As Soon As I Tried This Product It Knocked Me Off My Feet & Gave Me One Of The Worst Migraines I've Ever Experienced. It Was Like A Bomb Went Off In My Head.I Would Recommend WellPatch Cooling Migraine Patch Which Lasts Up To 8 Hours. It Is Lightly Scented With Menthol & Lavender Oil. As Soon As You Place The Cool Patch On Your Forehead You Start Feeling Relief. Best Wishes!
Chronic headache sufferer here.  Headache Buster did not work for me.  Not even a little bit of relief.  Glad to hear it works for others, but no luck for me.  On to the next one...
This product has validity as a natural spray that really opens up the sinuses.  As for it's Migrane Headache claims, it seemed to make a small difference in the severity of the pain for about 30 minutes.  I ended up having to take the over the counter pain reliever to end the headache.On the up side, knowing that nothing works for all people, this company does stand by it's claim to refund if not satisfied.  I'm thankful for that!I'm still looking for a natural cure for migranes!Signed:  Hope-filled to Let Down.
It's not that this is a bad product, or that you shouldn't try it for yourself, it's just that it didnt help me at all.  But everyone is different and if you are a migraine sufferer and there is a non-prescription option available, by all means see if it works for you.
I followed the instructions to the letter and used a new Mach3 blade.  As I was shaving it was silky smooth and smelled good.The trouble was, the shave didn't work!  I think this thick oil sticks the whiskers flat against the skin and the razor just glides over the top of them without cutting them off.  I did have a 5 day growth, so perhaps it works better when the whiskers are short.  But I wound up shaving three times to get a smooth finish.Ordinary skin lotion 5 minutes before a shave works better and is much cheaper.
They sent me the lemon, not the sandalwood. It took forever to get here. Way too expensive for what it does.
Sorry, but I did not get the oh-so-Fabulous results that all the other reviewers here seemed to have.  This expensive anti-dandruff shampoo did not improve my flaky scalp.  (I've been using it for two months.)The only thing I liked was the smell and the nice packaging... but I definitely would not waste my money on this product again!
This does not work for me at all.  What a waste of $20!It is extremely expensive for something that does not work
Bought this at a beauty salon where it was recommended for itchy scalp and dandruff.  I have used it three times and it does nothing. Will go back to Head & Shoulders, Selsun Blue or whatever at Wallmart.  I thought I was getting something better for this price.
I would rate this product a ZERO if possible.  Please do not believe any of their claims about being better that Botox or Restylane and waste your money!  You would be better off to save your money for Restylane as I plan to do for the fine lines which I want to smooth out and soften.  Luckily I was only out $28, buying a mini size of this joke of a product on ebay.  I wish I had never wasted even that amount!  This stuff does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING... you could put the cheapest lotion on and get better results!
Do not waste your cash. I have nice thick healthy hair but after using this and the leave in product it feels completely dried out and is unmanageable. This is hands down the worst product I have ever used on my hair!!!!!!! It leaves your hair in the same state as Prell does without putting in any conditioner. HORRIBLE. It made my hair tangle in the shower worse than Prell!! This company should be embarrassed for charging what they do for this and they need to go back to the drawing board!!! Glad I bought small containers!
Still itching like crazy. Didn't work for me. Though it wasn't expensive so it was worth a shot. Maybe someone else had better luck.
Can this product be suitable for purpose?On application there was a stinging sensation and after two applications the whole area was very painful and i discontinued the treatment
I ordered ALBA SEA MIST and expected it to be the product shown in the picture.What i received was ALBA SEA MIST EMOLIAN-WHICH I DID NOT WANT!If you're going to send the EMOLIAN lotion then that's what should be advertised and identified in the picturei would have gladly written to ALBA or whoever the seller is to ask if that's what i was going to receive but there is no seller identified to write to
has made no difference. would not order it again have nothing else to say just very disapointed. too expensive as well
If you use Suave Ocean Breeze Shampoo and you share living space with other people, please do them a favor and desist.  The smell of this stuff fills my house each morning after my roommate showers and heads off to his new temp job.  Neverminding all his other annoying tendencies (he is habitually late on rent,  he runs his clothes through three or four rinse cycles, he brings "crazy" girls over to screw under the billboard in the backyard causing the dog to bark and wake me from my rest late at night), this Ocean Breeze stuff he's been washing his thinning hair with smells absolutely dreadful.  I am reminded of the sickly sweet odor of bathroom biscuits combined with the punch-in-the-nose reek of that bus I took from Laredo to Monterrey, Mexico.  Please, for the sake of those around you, pony up for something that doesn't immediately suggest sinusitus, strep throat, and disinfectant.
I ordered Double Wear Stay-in-Place Powder 2N2 Fresco 01, but instead I received Double Wear Stay-in-Place Powder 2C3 Fresco . If the product is not available why in Amazon is appear as &#34;2N2 Fresco 01&#34;? The difference is visible! 2C3 is much darker!
I believe this is a used product that was used with the activator.  Once the activator has been used it will not work with water.  It is useless to me.  Very disappointed, but you get what you paid for.  Watch out for cheap prices. I have and love Laura Mercier products, but I will only purchase new from Nordstroms.
Unfortunately I didn't open my purchases until after the warranty/return period had lapsed.  I am not really sure if this eye liner being sold by AZ Perfume is the genuine item.The price was about 1/3 of retail which probably should have been a warning.  Packaging was different than what I had previously purchased at the retail cosmetics store.  Product didn't react to the wet brush in the same way.  It didn't apply properly.  I would definitely stay away from Laura Mercier eye liner being sold by AZ Perfume.
I received the product in a damaged condition. The shampoo was opened and was half leaking into the package and the box that was used for packaging. When I removed the shampoo from the packaging, only half the bottle was filled, the rest of all had fallen and leaked out into the box.However I still decided to use the product, got half refund back. The product is really good, nourishes the hair.
I had heard that sulfates in shampoos might be a contributing factor in hair loss so I had hoped that this product would reduce hair loss as it was a natural complex. However, within two weeks I noticed a dramatic increase in hair shedding which I attribute to this product as nothing else in my daily habits has changed.
Why did this shampoo make my hair fall out??!!  I read other reviews of the same thing happening with this shampoo..  ugh.
I really wanted to like this product. I read the other reviews and thought it worth a try to get a great organic shampoo, but.....(1) the bottle I received was very watery (it runs right through fingers)(2) it smells like a floor cleaning product(3) after deciding to finish the bottle and using it for a couple months every other day or so, I see no improvement in hair thickness.I would not buy this product again, or recommend it to anyone.
I had high hopes for this product but it just didn't work well with my hair type. I have naturally curly hair but straighten daily and live in the humid Houston area. I used the shampoo and conditioner and it left my hair feeling heavy, weighted down and almost with a oily feel. Maybe I shouldn't have opted for the "Moisturizing".
This shampoo did not get my hair clean. The product doesn't lather well either. I had to use more than usual to feel like I was getting enough in my hair.
There is too much unknowns for this product. I bought two of these bottles a month ago for $10.20 both , and now only one is cost $13.30? I really liked this shampoo , but thanks , I'll pass on this price. And the label says 70% organic. There was no improvement after those bottle of my hair at all !
Not really happy with what I received. I didn't get to use much of it because the bottles weren't sealed and a lot spilled out. So, I have no idea how well it works. But with all the sulfate listed, I'm glad I didn't. I'm looking for a good, organic formula that will help me thicken my hair, not contribute to the loss.
My wife hasn't used the product yet, so I want to make clear that the one star reflects only the way it was delivered.First of all it took 10 days to come, which seems long but whatever.  But when we opened the box, it had been put in a plastic bag and sealed with a twist-tie, and a quarter of the bottle had leaked out in the bag.  This is troubling for a couple of reasons.  First of all, somebody placed it in a plastic bag, meaning a) it was already leaking or b) they knew that leaking was a problem.  (I know the plastic bag isn't "normal" because my wife also ordered the conditioner, which arrived a few days before this with no bag, and with no leakage.)If it was "a," then we were knowingly sent a product that was already compromised.  If "b," then whoever put it in a bag knew it could very well leak and did not take more stringent measures to assure that we didn't receive a slimy, soapy mess (an easier way to prevent leakage would have been taping the top shut).  I'm hoping it was "b" since that points to simple incompetence and not willful deception, but either way it's not a flattering portrait.This seems to me a distribution problem on the part of Amazon, LLC, although Avalon could easily assure no leakage by either taping the tops shut themselves, or including a little plastic seal inside.  Either way, it's unacceptable.  After waiting so long my wife was too impatient (and I too lazy) to send it back, so she's now squeezing some shampoo out of a bag for the next week or two, before she begins with the bottle.  I don't guess this is a common problem, but I felt the lack of professionality was remarkable.
I was happy to find this "100% vegetarian ingredients" Shampoo.  But then I looked at some of the "ingredients" on my bottle and it didn't seem to be entirely free of "sulfates" than the traditional sodium lauryl sulfate/sulfate Shampoos.  As a vegetarian I was expecting herbs not sodium cocoyl sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium cocoyl sarcosinate and other high concentrations of Hair Conditioning Agents, Deodorant Agents, Surfactants, and Cleansing Agents.Ingredients: Purified water, organic aloe barbadensis leaf juice (1), sodium cocoyl sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium cocoyl sarcosinate, vegetable glycerin, serenoa serrulata (saw palmetto) fruit extract, panthenol (pro-vitamin B-5), biotin, thiamine, pyridoxine, niacin, riboflavin, polyquaternium-10, wheat protein, soy protein, citric acid, soyamidopropalkonium chloride, jojoba oil, organic helianthus annuus (sunflower) oil (2), sodium benzoate, potassium sorbate, ethylhexylglycerin, organic rosamarinus officinalis (rosemary) leaf oil (2), and other essential oils. (1) Certified by BioAgriCert (2) Certified by Quality Assurance InternationalAccording to the journal Contact Dermatitis, the following ingredients were said to display "similar" signs of irritation to 2% sodium lauryl sulfate:5% sodium C12-15 pareth sulfate5% sodium cocoyl isethionate10% disodium laureth sulfosuccinate10% sodium cocoamphoacetate10% cocamide DEA10% cocamidopropyl betaine10% lauryl glucoside
I was happy to find this &#34;100% vegetarian ingredients&#34; Shampoo. But then I looked at some of the &#34;ingredients&#34; on my bottle and it didn't seem to be entirely free of &#34;sulfates&#34; than the traditional sodium lauryl sulfate/sulfate Shampoos. As a vegetarian I was expecting herbs not sodium cocoyl sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium cocoyl sarcosinate and other high concentrations of Hair Conditioning Agents, Deodorant Agents, Surfactants, and Cleansing Agents.Ingredients: Purified water, organic aloe barbadensis leaf juice (1), sodium cocoyl sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium cocoyl sarcosinate, vegetable glycerin, serenoa serrulata (saw palmetto) fruit extract, panthenol (pro-vitamin B-5), biotin, thiamine, pyridoxine, niacin, riboflavin, polyquaternium-10, wheat protein, soy protein, citric acid, soyamidopropalkonium chloride, jojoba oil, organic helianthus annuus (sunflower) oil (2), sodium benzoate, potassium sorbate, ethylhexylglycerin, organic rosamarinus officinalis (rosemary) leaf oil (2), and other essential oils. (1) Certified by BioAgriCert (2) Certified by Quality Assurance InternationalAccording to the journal Contact Dermatitis, the following ingredients were said to display &#34;similar&#34; signs of irritation to 2% sodium lauryl sulfate:5% sodium C12-15 pareth sulfate5% sodium cocoyl isethionate10% disodium laureth sulfosuccinate10% sodium cocoamphoacetate10% cocamide DEA10% cocamidopropyl betaine10% lauryl glucoside
I always get suckered in by these organic products. I bought both the shampoo and the conditioner and this is a review for both being used together. This is one of the worst shampoos/conditioners I have ever used, here is why:First of all, it doesn't make your scalp all tingly like mint shampoos usually do.Secondly (I didn't prioritize this list) it makes me break out along my hairline. My skin is a bit on the sensitive side but not ridiculously so. It is definitely not dermatologist approved or tested.Further more and most importantly, it gives my hair an oily shine not a clean one and dries it out more than any other shampoo I have ever used. It seems like the shampoo dries your hair out too much and then the conditioner coats it with some sort of natural oily substance that makes you look like you haven't showered.I am throwing out the other half of my bottles and going back to the harsh chemicals that have kept my hair healthy, clean and looking great.
I have used this product for several years and found it to be a superior product. I was disappointed whe the newest order had a different formula. I was underwhelmed with the product as well as the results. I will be looking for a different brand now. Too bad.
I have extremely thin hair and I was looking for a few products/remedies I could try to thicken my hair. I cam across this shampoo and decided to purchase it from all the good reviews I read about it.I must say that I am greatly dissapointed. Ive been using this shampoo for MONTHS and my hair is the same thickness that it has always been. Not to mention that this shampoo kinda smells like pinesol.Initiially, I felt like it was working just as good as it was for all these other people, but I think it was all in my mind...like a placebo or something. It just dawned on my recently that this shampoo has not thickended my hair whatsoever. Not even in to the slightest extent.What a shame. And of course people are going to rate this review as unhelpful because they dont want to hear the truth. but oh well...
I just receive it. I think it is a used one. It is not full and you can touch the shampoo outside the bottle.
My hair started thinning dramatically a few months ago. I am a 30 year old female so I was very concerned.  I switched to this shampoo hoping to help the situation. I used it for a couple of months but stopped when I didn't see any improvement. I made sure to rinse thoroughly and followed with the Avalon conditioner but my hair always felt and looked greasy. Also I didn't care for the smell at all. I didn't notice my hair looking or feeling any thicker and there was no regrowth whatsoever. I went back to my old shampoo and conditioner before the bottle was even half gone. Since then my hair has decreased in what is lost every day, nothing to do with my shampoo but probably from the iron supplements my doctor put me on.
The shampoo is the opposite of the conditioner. It is like water, and I have to use a lot to feel it. The quality is even worse. It makes you hair sticky and thin. I want to rinse your hair again even if you have just had a shampoo. I would not recommend this product. I am using Dove, which works well for my thin hair.
I purchased the shampoo and The product arrived totaly spoiled__ completely broke ( the recipient).The contend split.Do not recomend.
hair is still thinning and I wake up with a bird nest on my headNot worth the price. I see there's Sulfate
After washing my hair with this my hair felt like hay! And afterwards when dry, it looked dried out and frizzy. I will never buy this again. Waste of my money.
Please don't use this product. After i used this product my hair become very thin, i lost many hairs,never use thisproduct.
Too strong. Takes away and drys up hair. Would not recommend. It seems not to work for hair. Reject it
This stuff smells exactly like Mr. Clean floor cleaner, I even compared them side by side.  It is watery with almost no lather. My hair doesn't feel clean at all and it has no cool sensation like tea tree mint should have.
Unfortunately this shampoo does not deliver at all, it only keeps volume for about 6 hours and then your hair becomes limp and it makes the hair very itchy and flaky.  Smells like sprite soda, honestly if you are looking to thicken your hair try a scalp treatment of jojoba oil 1 tbs mixed with a tbs of grated ginger and leave it on for 30 minutes that does make a little difference
After reading very positive reviews I decided to try this one. The shampoo is very thin but even when using a lot of it I am left with a feeling the hair is not clean. Probably only a feeling but compared to much cheaper options this is not special at all. I dont see any reason to want to use it.
Be sure that the cover is properly closed,because we get 3 bottles of shampoo leaked out from the bottle and get half of each bottle,very upset
Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase, I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker. It did not...My hair felt stiff and brittle. I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand...the smell was great and that is about all. I am so disappointed in the purchase, price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste....Don't count on it working for you. :(
My husband and I have both used this shampoo and the one for normal hair.  We both have the same complaint:  It dries out our hair terribly.  It seems to work really well the first several shampoos but after about a month our hair was horribly dry.  Since we have a water filtering/softening system for our house, it can be nothing but the water.  I am using it for dish soap and it works great...cuts grease like a champ...what does that tell you?
useless. since the first time using, i shed worse than my previous shampoo L'oreal everstrong no sulfate. i had been using avalon for 1 month n will stop using now. too bad cant return this product.
THIS PRODUCT LEFT MY LONG HAIR IN TANGLES AND IT'S JUST AWFUL ... NO CONDITIONING ... HORRIBLE I WILL BE RETURNING IT TO THE STORE IMMEDIATELY.
I ordered this product for light hair loss. After the first use, my hair loss is going crazy. Will throw the shampoo away
After I shampoo with this Avalon Organics Thickening Shampoo, my scalp, ears, sideburns, and neck are raw and develop itching and crusting. I suspect one cause is the crude coco sulfate in the formulation.
Sigh... I am disgusted by brands labeling "Organic" in their name trying to fool unexpecting consumers.sodium cocoyl sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium cocoyl sarcosinate Are not organic, nor are they good for you.Do you want a brand that is truly "Organic" and also "Fair Trade"?Dr. Bronners Soaps, which I use for Body Wash, Shampoo, and everything in between.Please supports a HONEST and TRULY ORGANIC AND FAIR TRADE company - with amazing products.[...]Kind Regards,Jonathan Bobal - Piano Teacher - Find me on YouTube!
I thought it would compare to the shampoos in Hawaii at Hyatt etc, but  not at all. The sent isnt good and the conditioner doesnt work.  I half to use my regular conditioner brand. Disappointed,
Received this product in the mail and a ninth of it was spilled in the package. This was due to the fact that there was no seal under the cap! As far as I am concerned these undersized bottles could have been filled with something fake then sold as organic! What's really going on? With all the misinformation going on today I just don't trust it! What do you have to say about that?
I'm a black female and although this product makes my hair feel super clean I believe it is making my hair break. My hair is normally very full and since I started this shampoo/conditioner about 4 weeks ago and 4 washes ago it has thinned significantly. :-( I haven't done anything else differently but i'm thinking this makes my hair too dry. Not sure but now i have to get my hair cut next week and try to rectify this situation. And sadly i ordered another bottle as a back up...but it may work well for someone else.
I am very unhappy with my purchase. The bottle I received is almost completely empty. It is probably filled less than a third up, the other 2/3rds missing? The cap is also sticky although there is no residue in my parcel leaving me to believe that whoever packaged this was hoping I wouldn't mind purchasing a basically empty bottle of shampoo. Great. Not. Thoroughly unsatisfied.
This used to be a great product. The formulation seem to have changed. The new version is watered down and the fragrance is off.
This product is not what it has been previously hyped to be.It stinks like pine-sol and it does not make your hair thick...it makes your hair fluffy.
Beware!  Very disappointed.  I got an itchy rash from it and it made my hair feel like straw.  Going in the trash.
Cocamidopropyl Betaine is a known toxin. Should you really be claiming your product as &#34;organic&#34;? I think not. Do not rely on a product being called &#34;organic&#34;... research the ingredients yourself.
smells like a cleaning product
I was really exited about trying this shampoo, but after using it I was EXTREMELY disappointed.  It left my hair a dry, tangled mess (even after using the Avalon Conditioner). It did look thicker -- like a thick, dry birdnest.I couldn't wait to shampoo my hair again and wash this stuff down the drain.  Just because something is all natural doesn't mean it works.
Like this brand but it doesn't work with my hair chemistry.  Smells good but did make me lose a noticeable amount of hair.  I used it on and off over several months and happened each time I went back to it.
The shampoo was not sealed, shipped correctly.  When I received it, the bottle was open and about 20% of it leaked out and destroyed the rest of the items, all of which were very expensive.  The price is good, but be careful.  Those who process the shipment can be incompetent at times.