Let me begin by saying that I can't even find this product: "Old Spice Splash on Cologne, Classic" on any retail shelves that I've seen. I've seen "After Shave--Classic Scent, but not the one listed above.I had been an old Spice user since 1950 when I began using it as a teenager in high school.  I used it continuously through my adult years until early this century, but haven't used Old Spice since about 2004.  Sometime during the early 1990s, Proctor and Gamble purchased the Shulton Company for the purpose, I assume, of acquiring their product line.  In the early years of this century, one of their signature products, Old Spice Long Lasting Cologne--Original Scent, was no longer available.  Why a company would buy out a company for the purpose of acquiring access to its products, and then discontinue the one product that made that company famous for three quarters of a century, is beyond me.I wrote several letters to Proctor and Gamble asking them why they discontinued the product, and they told me they had not discontinued that particular product.  "If that's so, why am I not able to purchase it a the same retail outlets that I always have?" I asked them.  They didn't have an acceptable answer.  Then I was told the old product was still available under a name change.  It's now referred to as After Shave--Classic Scent .  I tried this new "name change" product, and let me tell you, folks, it ain't the same.  It has a stronger scent that is actually offensive to me,  and only lasts a couple of hours at best.A few years ago, I was able to find the old Original Scent product that I think was bootlegged through a foreign country, but that is no longer available now either.  So I would say to you who are looking for the old scent that made Old Spice famous for nearly three quarters of a century, don't waste your money. You won't find it with this new owner..
Not what I expected.  Needed the original and got the classic instead.  Smells very light and the bottle is plastic..the original should be glass
I like the newer L'Oreal version for bouncy curls and still keep the Garnier Fructis Curl Construct and one of my favorites.  Like Tigi Foxy Curls, Samy Curl Definition, and Marc Anthony for curls.
the guides itself are good, they stick to the nails but the nails have to be washed and dried right before using them... if there are any oils on the nails, ofcourse they wont stick.the part that i'm not happy about is that i didnt get the product i have ordered... the picture itself shows V shaped and half moon but the product i actualy received has only straight and half moon shaped guides. the only reason i ordered was because of the V shaped ones. I tried calling many times this company and never got actual person to talk to.now the product number is the same as on the picture but the guides are not. I couldnt get any description on the product so i went by looking at the picture as it is supposed to be the same thing... i have used the same ones, same package before so that was another reason i went with the picture.i wouldnt have paid $10 for shipping and waited for something that i can get in any store here in town...
These do not work, after you put on the polish and you go to remove these guides it either smears or leaves a ridge, I ended up appling the polish free hand and they look like I had them done professionally.
Moisturizing lotion - yes.  Did it help with the stubble?  No.  Now, i'm no sasquatch but i am a brunette.  As directed, i used this stuff for a couple weeks.  Nothing.  Then i kept it up for the month.  Nada.  My leg hair hadn't softened or thinned or anything.Pass it up, ladies.  Just keep shaving.
When Jergens first came out with a shave minimizing lotion it worked great for me.  After using it for a month I didn't have to shave my legs for a whole month after that.  Then they changed the formula and it didn't work very well.This seller is offering less than 10 oz. for almost $40, including shipping.  That is way overpriced for this product.
After reading the reviews for Vitabath, I was looking forward to trying something moisturizing.  I thought this contained Vitamin D but it seems to have been reformulated from what was described online.  Anyway, I'm sure it's a great product but I didn't even try it after smelling it.  I didn't think it was very "green" to try to return it so I will give it to someone else to try.  If you're sensitive to strong scents, this may not be for you.  The shipping was fast.
I bought this straightener because my expensive one broke after a couple years of using it a lot. It has served as a good backup while i do some research and order a new one but I would not recommend this product as a primary hair straightener. It does not get nearly as hot as the expensive one nor does it hold the straightness for very long.
This Flat Iron is poorly made. It does not get a good grip onto your hair, hair is still somewhat frizzy after going over hair twice and its very bulky looking and says it gets to 450 degrees on the highest setting which I highly doubt it does. It does get hot pretty fast but could be better. I guess you  get what you paid for. My old $10 flat Iron works much better than this cheap Flat Iron. If you have thick hair don't purchase this iron.
The flat iron has a flawed design. No matter how you angle the flat iron, it still finds a way to pull you hair out.Because it is not a very expensive model, the ceramic irons are not sealed around the edges, therefore it is very easy to get your hair caught in it when you are trying to straightening your hair.It also shuts off randomly after 5 minutes or so. Make sure to keep an eye on the lights to ensure it stays on while heating up and while straighting.
I'm 16 and i have thick, frizzy, wavy hair. I bought this straightener a few days ago and I'm returning it because I fooled by the design and light weight feel for the iron. My hair didn't stay straight for even a whole day. This straightener also pulls out hair. Trust me, it was awful looking down at the hair coming out. I also started to have problems with turning it on right after my first use because even though I had plugged the iron in and pressed the on button several times it took a while for it to actually turn on. Sure.....60 second heat up....but like a long time for it to turn on. My suggestion is that try this product and see what you think, but make sure you can return it just in case. However, DO NOT be fooled with gold plates and so called ceramic technology. I suspect the plates to be only gold-covered metal to seem like a high end straightener.
At first I had a REVLON hair straightner. It was a piece of crap. After it broke I bought this CONAIR straightner from Wal Mart. Thinking it would be a nice change. After I got it I used it straight away. And it did work pretty well... I mean it straightened my hair and better than my old one. But it still left my hair frizzy.And I've been using it ever since... but I hate it. First of all, all of the people that think this is so great. It damages your hair very bad. I do use hair protectant spray, but still this CONAIR fryed my ends and my hair. The other thing is that after about an hour after I straighten my hair... it starts to get wavy. And this iron does NOTHING about frizz.I just ordered a SOLIA hair straightener from folica.com and it looks amazing. So please please please save your money and your hair, and buy a good hair straightner!
The curved handle makes it hard to use.I gave it to my daughter and she has long hair and doesn't like it either.
No what I expected !! Cord is too limited and is hard to flat iron long hair. I guess it was a ok buy!
I had this on the highest setting (25) and it didn't get it as straight as I would have liked. I have 4a-4b hair, really thick and kinky, and though I don't typically straighten my hair often, I wanted to try something different. Plus, the hairs can get caught on the plates when you run it through. And like the previous reviewers mentioned, the cord is a bit too short.  I would not recommend.
This flat iron just splits my hair and pulls it. I use my flat iron daily and couldn't take using this item anymore. I trashed it and bought a Remington for only a little more but that works 100x better.
My daughter with very curly hair bought this straightener and loved it while it lasted; it worked really well straightening out her curls. However, after two months it just stopped working. I would expect a hair straightener to last longer than that and do not reccommend this product.
Not so great for course curly hair. I needed to repeat working on the same hair part repeatedly.the good part was that it heats up in no time.
This straightner dosent work!! I had it all the way up and it still wouldnt straighten my hair. Also, when you heat it up the handle gets hot as well so its hard to hold. A good thing about this is that it shipped fast.
I bought this iron for a trip overseas since my usual flat iron (Remington Wet2Straight) isn't dual voltage and I burned one out the last time I tried to use it in Europe with a transformer. I'm South Asian with very thick, coarse, curly hair and this iron just didn't get hot enough to fully straighten it out. It took over an hour to get through a first pass of my (completely dry) hair and the results were not satisfactory given the time invested. It got my hair straight-ish but there were still crimps and it just generally wasn't as sleek as I normally get it with the Remington. If I tucked my hair behind my ear there would almost immediately be a sharp bend that I'd have to iron out again. All in all, this is probably fine for the average person but it just isn't up to the job for extra stubborn curls. If you have coarse or thick hair I would look elsewhere.
I've had this for a while now but reading the other reviews made me wonder about mine although mine which still works perfectly fine but I found that this iron was heavy and difficult to use during hot weather. I always had to go over one spot repeatedly in order for it to stay straight and whenever I try to protect my hair from the heat my hair would come out looking very stringy.I'm 16 with relaxed (permed) hair and whenever I have new growth I try to stay away from the salon for a two weeks by straightening my hair but the iron never got close enough to my roots to make it look totally straight so I would suggest that anyone looking to invest in a straightener should look for one that's less "clunky." I've looked into the the Andis Ceremic flat iron and I have yet to use it but it looks promising.
I have purchased two of these and i have bought my sister one also and they all fell apart. None of the three lasted more then 6 months. I would have rather spent the 60 bucks and got one that would have had a warranty and would last longer.
Used it in the UK and it worked perfectly. I had to use the turbo button each time to straighten my thick wavy hair. This also works in the US, and I still have to press the turbo button.--Update 3/16/2014--It died! There was no warning or any signs before it died... It worked perfectly fine.
I loved this straightener when I first got it. I thought it was amazing. It lasted for about 5 months and the plates just stopped getting hot. My friend had the straightener and the same thing happened to her.
I bought this straightener because it was on sale at Wal-Mart.  When I first got it it made my hair look gorgeous, but it gave my hair that burnt smell.  It heats up really fast, and gets really, really hot, but my hair is more frizzy now than it was before I used this straightener.  It gave me split ends like crazy.  Also, if you grab too much hair at once, it will snag in the area below the co called "ceramic" plates, thus causing more damage.
Forgot my flat iron on vacation. I bought this one but it freakin fried my hair!!!!!!  i had to get an inch cut off when I got home.
Curly, Frizzy, Thick haired guys/girls read this!!!I honestly think a majority of those positive comments were from people who have wavy--straight hair.Straightening your hair with this thing is torture and a waste of time!My hair burns really quickly, you can see smoke, and it doesn't even straighten it enough. My hair after 1- 1 and 1/2 hours still remains with great frizz, poof, and it looks really bad if you have semi-straight hair with noticeable curls in random places..The good thing about is that it is a 2 in. You don't have to section your hair out into 20 + pieces or w/e..But its really only good if you have wavy hair..By the way..there are HORRIBLE fumes from this straightener after over 2 years of use..It smells like pancakes and then it smells like smoke...ehh not a good idea.
Had to return this unit, I dont feel like it worked very well on my thick hair. The unit is very flimsy, it actually pulled my hair out while straightening, I think it got wrapped around the little screws or something. Makes my hair smell burnt :( Not happy with it
This product is cumbersone and hard to use.  I have lightened hair that is frizzy.  I have to pass the wand over each segment at least 3 times to make it straight.  It does heat up really fast though.
I got this product about two years ago and i've had some trouble with it. while it does to a decent job at straightening it would take at least twenty minutes for me to get my slightly wavy shoulder length hair straight. it pulls at your hair and takes about a minute to heat up. after about a year it started turning off randomly while i was straightening. i also recommend using a TON of product, because if you don't, your hair will be wavy again in an hour. i just purchused the herstyler for $50 on amazon and i recommed that one!
I live in Argentina and it didn't work here. It just went BUM and never turned on again. Not recomendable for 220 v
I purchased this item because of the good reviews and the bargain price. It heats up fast and works as advertised. But it's quite tough to straighten hair of medium length, especially around ear, because the plate size is too thick.
I have naturally wavy to curly hair and I have used this iron for over a year now. 95 percent of the time this did not work for me.It has caused me a LOT of frizziness and it just didn't straighten it period! Mind you that many stylists have complemented my hair for being easy to work with. It's never damaged my hair since I use a spray that prevents it from damage. I recommend trying other irons...the wet or dry I am going to try next. Do NOT buy this please...it's a waste of your money. Save your money to buy a better one!!! :)
it is a great product the cord is too short by a foot or two. Think of a woman using this come on man
We bought this flat iron because it is dual voltage and we need that for traveling.  That part is fine.  The problem is  that the hinge of the flat iron is close to where you pull your hair through the flat iron.  This causes it to catch and then break hair as you are trying to pull your hair flat.  Not great if you regularly flat iron your hair.
It's ok, but, like I said, its big and bulky. I'd rather a nice slim straightener.Well, it does do the job...so if you like it, buy it.
I am not a big fan of this straightener (my multiple Remington straighteners are much more efficient for comparable price), however it is my go to when traveling abroad since it has the dual voltage function. It is one of few flat irons which has this capability, and it's cheap, making it perfect for international travel. It does not get super hot as I am used to(my others go up to 410 and I use the 390 setting) and I found it hard to get my hair as straight as I like. There is also no locking mechanism, which would have given it one more star.Overall, good for international travel. Would not recommend for daily use, or for use on thick, curly hair.
I have very thick curly hair. This iron does not do the job - I had to go over the same section of hair a couple of times. It  just does not get hot enough, the plates are small and it feels cheap and flimsy.It might be ok if you aren't going to be straightening your hair all the time.
I purchased this to replace my Conair CS25 model that I left in a hotel room by accident, and was very disappointed.  Although this model does have a comb on the side of it, it did not glide through my hair well - my hair got caught and seemed to stick to the plates.  In fact, I pulled out quite a few hairs trying to use it and I felt like it was really damaging.  It is also heavy and awkward compared to the CS25 model, harder to manuever to the root of your hair and easier to burn yourself.  I stuck it in a drawer after two uses and ordered the other model.The CS25 is the ultra slim model with 1 5/8 inch plates.  I'm not sure how it would work on thick curly hair, but for wavy hair like mine that has a little frizz and mostly needs to be smoothed it was fantastic.
ok so my dad bought me this striaghtner a year and a half ago.at first i was happy with it becasue my hair was striaght, but tehn this strong oder started comming from it and my room started to havve a buringin smell to it every time i turned it on.my hair gets caught in frequently and  it doesnt always stay on the highest power, even though it says it is, the heat isnt as strong.also my hair doesnt stay striaght for more then 1 hour after straighting it.maybe its just the one that i own, but i am not really satisified with this product and if you are looking at it, i recomend spending a little more money to buy a way better quality one that wil actually work. trust me, its worth the few extra dollars.
Don't waste your money on this flat iron.  Does not get hot enough. It was a complete waste of my time waiting for it to be delivered only to be unhappy with its performance.
This straightener heats super fast but it does not straighten well at all, I had to go over the same strand over and over and it still wouldn't really leave it straight, my hair is naturally wavy but super easy to straighten and i felt like after just one use of this con-air it almost instantly fried the section of the hair i tried to go over. I bought this because I read so many great reviews on it but it is definitely hyped up to be more than it is.
I've purchased two Conair Instant Heat Ceramic Hair Straighteners and even recommended it to a friend and all have provided similar results. If you live in a humid area, your hair will not remain straight the entire day.... not even the entire morning. Walking out your front door will cause instant waves, just be warned. Also it is not a lasting product. After a couple of months, all three products broke in the handle area and, in the majority of cases, exposed the inner wires. While temporary results are great, if you're interested in lasting, repeated performances... try another product.
This product works really well even on my thick and curly hair, I was pleasantly suprised... until this week it BROKE. It just stopped heating up while I was using it :(. Now I have to get a new one, this iron is not worth the stress of replacing it every 3 months. Get something a little more expensive and durable
Get the revlon s5500. It works so much better than this Conair!  It gets super hot (but can be adjusted to lower the heat setting).
I've had some good and bad experiences with flat irons, but I have to say, this one has been one of my worst. It was the first flat iron i ever bought, for like $14 at Target, so understand here that you really do get what you pay for.I found that this straightener is really damaging to hair and it did give me split ends, more than I needed, thank you very much. The plates were definitely not "ceramic," I don't know what they were but whatever. The straightner also gave my hair a pretty bad burnt-hair smell- not too attractive. Plus, this iron doesn't even keep hair straight! If even do manage to coax your hair into being straight with it (it'll take a while, trust me), it will go back to its orignial state in little to no time at all.The heat settings were pretty bad, as well. It only had a maximum temperature of 68 degress Farenheit... most good straightenrs these days don't even have that as the lowest setting. Additionally, it took FOREVER to heat up! And what's with the curvy handle? It made straightening uncomfortable, I would have to keep puttng it down because my hand would hurt from holding it.Basically, it's a piece of plastic that doesn't work too wonderfully. I currently use a SCHI iron, it works really well and doesn't damage my hair or anything. I would recommend investing in a good quality iron, because this one is not going to cut it for almost everybody.
Purchased for my wife to use on a trip. She won't use it. The squeeze handles are flexible and don't allow her to put enough pressure on her hair, they just bend instead. Found a Revlon dual voltage from another supplier that works great.
This smells good and cleans well, but it's filled with plastic microbeads. I've been seeing articles everywhere about how damaging those are to the environment.
it doesn't absorb that well and leaves a white layer of film around the scar and hair area. Also, it gives my scalp a sensation (not a good one) after use.I might as well just use Mederma scar remove as it's a known and proven product and will also moisturize
I ordered this iron as well as the BaByliss Vented Flat Iron priced at $73.99 to compare, then decide which would fulfill my needs the best for my slightly wavy hair. They were both easy to handle although this model was slightly lighter. This model has 4 heat settings, the other only 2. I tested both at their highest setting (180C for this one vs. 230C). The results were similiar. In comparing the two I noticed that the BaByliss has a slightly larger heating area, has a superior hair &quot;guide&quot; to keep the hair strand in contact with the ceramic plate, has &quot;cool-touch&quot; pads on the ends to help cinch the hair strand in tighter, and most importantly the BaByliss was constructed better. More expensive doesn't mean better this time. Go with the BaByliss.
I bought this shampoo as a companion to the conditioner version of it. Neither the conditioner nor the shampoo did anything to my hair. I was hoping that my hair would stop falling, but it feels like it became worse. I wish I could really find a shampoo with good price that would stop my hair from falling. I don't recommend this product.
I did not see any results using this shampoo that would cause me to want to endorse it to anyone else.  Thinning hair sucks and so does this shampoo.  Sorry.
Does not have the effect that it claims to have, period. Did not notice thicker hair after use for 2 weeks.
IT IS AS GOOD AS ANY &#34;FINE HAIR THICKENING SHAMPOO&#34;.IT IS NO BETTER, NOR NO WORSE THAN PANTENE'S NEW LINE.THAT SAID? I STILL HAVE THIN HAIR THAT LOOK LIKE THIN HAIR.
I wont be buying this again...Doesnt thicken my hair...Who knows if its working? I dont know? I take it with Rogaine. i took Propecia for years but its like $90/month and the recent dealbreaker was that they found Propecia can cause permanent sexual problems, so I stopped and started Rogaine and this instead.  I dont really notice anything from this product? If anything you need to start using head and shoulders because Rogaine dries your scalp out so much..
My head and shoulders hair endurance works better than this stuff. Progaine leaves my hair dry and snarly. It really doesn`t make it any thicker. Won`t buy again.
I had high hopes for this shampoo but it only made my hair fall out more. I noticed the same thing with Aussie shampoo then I went to Finesse and had no problems. If you notice the more expensive shampoos causing problems for you then this product is in the same category.
I used this for almost a year--mostly because I don't have much hair--and I don't think it worked at all. The price speaks for itself. It would also leave red stains in the shower, and after 8 months started to smell sulfur-y. Save your money for a better shampoo
Its creamy and moisturizes your skin but made it itchy. I won't buy it again. I thought it was a waste and threw away the jar.
Bleck. Mostly mineral oil. Was trying to help with stretch marks but far too oily to use daily. Makes a pretty good massage oil, though.
This shampoo touts itself as natural in many ways but it's really not. I had allergic reactions to it ( not just the Tea Tree, I've used their other scents ) Speaking of, it doesn't smell that great. Didn't do much for dry scalp, in fact it irritated me. Made my hear very dry and tangly. The conditioner didn't do much to help it. I sneezed a lot with it and it made my skin very red from dripping down my body. There is FRAGRANCE in it! be careful if you have allergies and asthma!
I wish this product would have worked for me. After scouring the internet for a good tea tree shampoo that would help alleviate the symptoms of my on again/off again itchy scalp (which may very well be stress-related, but oh well) I found Nature's Gate and used both the Tea Tree Calming shampoo and conditioner for about three weeks. At first, it seemed like my itchiness had subsided but just about the third week, the itchiness came back and it was worse than it had been before. I tried phasing out the shampoo and started just using the conditioner in combination with one of my old anti-dandruff shampoos. It helped a little, but not enough. I soon had to scrap both the shampoo and conditioner and try something entirely different. Not wanting the bottles to go to waste, I gave them to my boyfriend, who will pretty much use any shampoo. However, after a few days, his normally flake-free scalp started getting itchy and flaky as well. He ended up just throwing them out. I was so disappointed because it really seemed like it was doing it's job for a while. And I just loved the nice, clean smell. If there were a lotion that smelled like this, I would snatch it up in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, the shampoo and conditioner did the exact opposite of what they were supposed to do as my scalp remained both irritated and flaky and far from calm.
I bought this stuff about 6 months ago and it worked for a little while. It has some helpful ingredients (jojoba, tea tree oil etc.) but it also contains Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS). This stuff dries out your hair follicles and scalp and and cause a reaction which actually creates more dandruff and sebum. I've started using  Jaons Natural Cosmetic Dandruff Relief Shampoo. All the same ingredients minus the SLS. This has worked soooo much better than Nature's Gate. Write me if you have questions.
I am so happy with this product. It leaves my hair clean. Also, with other shampoos I felt like there was a residue left on my hair, not with this shampoo. I had a problem with my scalp feeling itchy with the shampoos I was using and that is completely gone now. Even my hairdresser asked what I was using because my hair was in such good shape. Thanks,Nature's Gate, for my Tea Tree Calming Shampoo, I love it.
not sure of benefits but I was trying to recover from an open wound,no way to verify its stated ingredients ..darned expensive too
I have a very sensitive digestive system that is very easily constipated. A cup of coffee, and I'm stopped up. After laxatives, doctor's appointments, drinking lots of water and eating even more fruit did not help, I began an aloe regimen. After a very disappointing month with Wal-Mart's knock-off aloe, I tried George's and expected great things based on what I read here on amazon.com. I gave it two months (two gallons) then gave up on George. I didn't get a holy-healing that other customers seemed to get. The very mild benefits (a bowel movement twice a week as opposed to once a week) were not at all worth the cost. However, I can say that I did feel more energetic and had a better sense of general well-being (even though my colon disagreed) while drinking George's.So, at least no one can claim it's straight-up drinking water. There is certainly some aloe in there to make you feel better.The new aloe brand I'm trying is Lily of the Desert, and I have experienced almost immediate results. My stomach and intestines finally have relief!
I'm a HUGE fan of Aloe Vera.  I'm a big fan of Chinese Medicine as well.  I'm a liver type.  I often get what the chinese call "Liver Yang Rising", which results in a lot of hot tempered conditions.  Aloe Vera is very Yin tonifying, and it's always brought me great balance.  I love it.I was in the Vitamin Store, and saw this George's aloe.  I always buy the Lily of the Desert stuff, but this caught my eye, and I bought it. The price was similar in comparison.  I thought, what the heck, I'll give it a try.I'm about 2/3 of the way through the bottle, and I now realize that I notice NONE of the beneficial Yin tonifying effects that traditional Aloe Vera Juice gives you.  Pretty much none whatsoever.  This Aloe tastes like distilled water.  Has no taste whatsoever.  A good part of Aloe's medicine is in the bitter.  All medicines in nature have a bitter tasting element to them.  Bitter is healing.  When you remove the bitter, I'm not so sure it's healing anymore.I was reading through the testiominals on here, and they all seem stomach related.  Perhaps it has a beneficial effect on stomach woes, but since I don't have any, it did nothing for me.  It had no effect on my Liver Yang Rising, and I feel like the cooling, Yin tonifying effects just aren't there with this aloe.Not a big deal, wasted some money, but I'm going right back to Lily of the Desert.
I thought I was getting a real aloe product, but I brought it to a man that sells aloe supplements.  He estimate that there is very little real aloe IN this brand .  I stopped buying it altogether.
THey changed the formula, and put &#34; more essential oils&#34;, but they cheaped the oils that they put in it, I don't like it anymore. I think they've gotten greedy to make more money but put less essential oil or a lower quality of essential oils in the product.
Because I have such a sensitive nose, I cannot buy hygiene products, candles and/or fragrances that smells like flowers or nature. If I come across them in public I can expect my allergies to flare up a bit. As a result, my wife gave up on wearing perfume years ago. Personally, I like fruit and candy scents; I find those much more tolerable. I even got blueberry shampoo for my dog. So when I came across Avalon Organics, I was ecstatic to try their Lemon, Peppermint & Grapefruit scented products. I fell in love instantly with the scents and was happy there were no undesirable sulfates. I still use the shampoo every day, but something changed with Avalon's shower gel over the past year. My last two bottles have had a faint rubber smell that have made me quit using them. The most recent bottle of Lemon exhibits the same rubber smell as the last bottle of Grapefruit & Geranium that I ordered 8 months ago. I was hoping only the Grapefruit was affected or maybe a certain batch of product, but I don't see myself ordering anymore Shower Gel from Avalon Organics. I simply use the shampoo for my entire body. Now I'm praying that the shampoo doesn't pick up the unpleasant odor and force me to go searching for my NEXT favorite shampoo.
It is very runny and does not have much lavender scent at all. I love the idea and the packaging is great but the gel just runs all over and barely has any scent.
When I opened the box, I saw that some of the soap was spread in the box and all over the bottle.That's disappointing.It was apparent that it wasnt packaged properly to endure the trip.  Please do better.
Tried and used a whole bottle. Smell didn't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use. Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results!
This conditioner looks and feels creamy in your hands but doesn't condition the hair.  As one reviewer said, it feels like nothing and even applying more doesn't help.  I was very disappointed in this product.  I used it in conjunction with the Avalon Lavender Shampoo.  The shampoo is very harsh and seems to strip all natural oils from the hair and scalp.  Others are commenting on the great smell - I didn't detect much of a lavender scent.  It smells sort of like dog cleansing products.
I ignored earlier reviews of this product because I had a bottle of it in my shower, it was a favorite of mine, and it was about to run out. Lo and behold the bottle I received in the mail was, in fact, a new formulation that is absolutely terrible. It dries out my hair rather than conditioning it, it leaves my curly and unruly hair more tangled than before I used it, and overall it just doesn't hold a candle to the older formula. If the formula copyright on your bottle of beloved peppermint conditioner is 2009, you have been using the older formulation and purchasing this product will leave you sorely disappointed.
I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice. This is not it. It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one (I have a straight hair, not curly and crazy) and it makes my hair greasy. Only plus-smells nice.  Will not buy again.
Lets start with the good:  it has a very pretty lavender smell, it's mostly organic, and there's a lot of it. It didn't spill during transportation and arrived quickly. Now for the disappointment:  it's better to order a lot because you will need 2-3x the amount of a regular conditioner and your hair will still not feel soft, smooth, and silky out of the shower. It feels almost like putting lotion on your hair and is about as effective. I was rather disappointed and am looking for a different conditioner.
I typically like Avalon products, but this conditioner didn't work for me or my teen.  I have fine, brown, curly, shoulder length hair.  It left my teen's AND my hair heavy, dull, and flat.  I thought I didn't wash it out enough but that is not the case, as I rinsed over and over again.  It has a pretty scent, not overpowering and the ingredients are better than most conditioners out there, BUT it wasn't doing a good job.  Will not buy again.  Kudos to AVALON for their body lotions and other hair products.  I guess it would be trial and error for each individual.  (Highly recommend the body lotion)!!
I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it. So I've been on a quest to find soap, shampoo, and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this. My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years. So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this. Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me. My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon, so that would be a plus. It would have fewer chemicals. It says it restores natural highlights and color. It removes build-up. All great!So I began trying it. First, the conditioner is very thick, and the container cannot sit on its lid. This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out. This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning, but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging. It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next, the instructions say to massage it in "from the roots up". Hmmm. I'm not sure how that's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper. If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand, and I put it on my head, it is going to touch the top of my hair first. I then have to massage it down *towards* the roots. I don't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly. That then means there isn't any left to "massage around" and get to the rest of the hair. Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger (bordering on, to me, outrageous) amounts of conditioner on my hair. My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length, too. It's not even at its full waist length point. I would put a giant dollop in my hand, start putting it on my hair, and it would vanish nearly instantly. It's not that my hair is super-dry either. If anything I'd call it slightly oily. So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done, the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem. When I then tried to comb or brush it, it would tangle. The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do. It would catch on the brush or comb. So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough. I've tested many, many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before. But then the clincher. I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently, and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it. Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner. I have dark hair. I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter. I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it's any better, and post a review there when I'm done testing. But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me. I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair, or with long hair. It probably would be best for someone with short, blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds.
I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out.  This is the first time I've used an organic conditioner.  Although the texture is thick like a cream almost, it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off.  I then try to compensate by applying more and more, but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I didn't even use conditioner.  I'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment.
I have been using this moisturizer for many years and love it but the company who sold me this particular one must have had it for a long time. The color of the lotion was yellow and it usually is white. I should have returned it but didn't want to bother paying for the shipping. I will buy this moisturizer again but from someone else.
I tried this clinique product for a while, but I was disappointment. It did not help me with any of my Wrinkles or dark circles.Do not waist your money :-(
I like some other products from Glo-Minerals, like their powder mineral foundation, but this gloBlush isn't a hit.  The color is definitely more tawny and less pink than it appears in the pictures online, but it is still a flattering color for summer.  My main complaint, and it is major, is that the product has little staying power and fades after a few hours.  I will reapply powder and lipgloss throughout the day, but I don't carry blush for mid-day touch ups.  And I have other blushes, in fact ALL my other blushes, that do stay on all day.
I have very thin, short lashes and thought this product would help. The brush clumped during each use creating an undesirable look and extra work and cleanup.
If I would I've known the colors would be mixed with white I wouldn't have bought them.  I thought the slippers came in different SOLID colors like the picture shows.  Please update the product's picture for future customers.
bought these for a spa party for eight year old girls.. Way too thin... One girl went through 4 pairs in the three hours, straps kept bursting. Shipping time was great... But the product itself is flawed. This is one instance where the price was too good to be true.
For some reason I thought somewhere on here had said they were child-sized.  I don't see it on here now, and they definitely aren't.  I ordered these for a 7-year old birthday party (17 girls). They got here very quickly. However, with as fast as they were breaking, I should have ordered 3 dozen instead of 2 dozen.  The girls were constantly asking for another one since they were breaking.  You get what you pay for in this case.
showed assorted colours...received only one colour that wasn't even shown. Should have been noted in the description somehow. Would not reorder
I have no direct experience of 'salon' or 'pedicure', so maybe mine is a misuse:I bought those to give them to my guests when they come at home. At first they fit well and the colors are nice, but I was expecting them to last at least a couple of hours of moderate walking around the house, while half of them broke in around two minutes, in some cases even before putting them on.They are not suitable to be put on with socks, but this is visible from pictures, so my main concern is the durability, they are probably good if you don't have to walk, but in that case, why do you need slippers?I admit they are very cheap, but I wouldn't mind to pay something more for a more resistant product.
My hair is dry, thick, curly and frizzy. Several friends with curly hair recommended this product. It left my hair feeling very waxy. It was not oily, but waxy. It was not hard to comb, which was good. But my hair ended up even thicker than usual. It looked like a broom covered in a thin layer of candle wax. And it felt that way too. :(
I've tried several products that promise to reduce pigmentation on the face. Alas, one more product that I have been disappointed with. I did not experience the burning or redness that other reviews spoke about, but I have neither seen a reduction in my level of pigmentation on my face or neck.To be fair, I am only about a third of the way through the bottle, but I'm not convinced that this product will work for me in the way I hoped it would. Perhaps it will work for other skin types, it does not appear to be working so well on mine. I am fair skinned, with a little sallowness, but the dark spots do stand out and I'd like to find a product that really reduces the pigment on those target areas of my face and neck.Any suggestions out there?
I have faithfully applied Trind according to directions.  This is the third week and they still are splitting.  Will continue till bottle is empty.
Last winter I realized that my nails might have been peeling and soft most of my life because they were dry.  I've tried many products and thought I was doomed, but last winter  I started to rub an eye cream that I'd purchased long ago into the nail and the cuticle.  Kind of buffed the surface also.  Figured that I didn't have anything to lose.  Made a huge positive difference!  Also my husband has been annoyed that  a particular nail he needs for playing the guitar  keeps chipping and splitting.  So i searched for a fingernail moisturizer for both of us and was surprised to find such a thing.  Unfortunately the Trind didn't didn't work for my spouse, and the jury is still out on me as i can't give up my eye cream trick ( DHC was better than Estee Lauder).  Have been using the Butter London polish occasionally as well....  Will let you know later if this works well for me in the future.
The product simply peeled off my nails.  I gave it to my daughter with the hope she will do better.  It's a lot to spend on such a small amount.
I was hoping this would help numb the skin for my son's allergy shots that he gets twice a week. Unfortunately, he says it barely makes a difference.  The best thing we've found for his shots is putting an ice pack on the area for about 5 minutes prior to injection.  I was really disappointed that this didn't work better.
This is lidocaine and it burns when it is applied.  I was looking for pain relief.  OTC lanacaine from the drugstore worked better.
Not happy to have to pay for two Coco Parfume's..............I only ordered one..........and I was told that I can't return the unopened bottle of Coco as it's determined to be 'hazardous'.  Really??  They shipped it too me, isn't that hazardous??
The vetiver smells amazing, but there is a really disgusting ashtray note that appears within ten minutes, thereby making this unwearable.  Get Vetiver de Puig instead.  It has the same vetiver as the Guerlain without the stinky ashtray.  The same people who told me I smelled really old, and like marijuana while I was wearing the Guerlain complimented me so much when I wore the Puig.  Think for yourself.  Don't let peer pressure push you towards the Guerlain.  The Puig is much better.
I like this brush because the size is large enough to hold easily, and the bristles are stiff. It pains me to complain, but for some reason these brushes grow an orange mildew in about 30-40 days. I don't recall seeing this with other brushes I've had. I went through a dozen of these in about one year for that reason. Don't think I'll buy more until they fix this problem.
I have seen people either liking it a lot or not at all. I am probably in the second lot. I bought it after reading a lot of good reviews. I was impressed by the packaging also. But that was that. The fragrance is too lemony and it some how felt like vegetable oil with lot of lemon juice. In winter still I could stand it, but in summer it was horrible.
Read carefully! The photo is misleading. With the order you only receive the refill, not the travel travel spray container itself
I cannot stand how much this thing smells. I don't know how this can possibly be a no rinse clenser. Why would anyone want to have this kind of smell linger on the delicate infant skin? I use it on my baby but I always wash it off with a wet washcloth afterwards so I can remove that strong chemical smell. It's like putting a Chanel #5 on a seven year old. Horrible.
I saw this on some lady's blog as a &#34;must have&#34; for new moms. So i bought it. Call me crazy, but I just give my kid a bath. I wipe her face and neck with a warm washcloth each night before bed and give her a bath everyother night. I don't really see why anyone would need this... It's not that the product is bad, i just think it's useless.
I should have not trusted the reviews because fragrance flares up eczema. My 2 month old son didn't show signs of eczema but the day after I used it on his face and diaper area he got really bad rashes. I'm back to using fragrance free products for my son. My advice for parents who have sensitive skin babies to avoid not just Mustela but any product with fragrance.
I'm looking for a true to life gardenia perfume. This is not that.It barely smells like gardenia, and instead has some overwhelming, obnoxious note I've smelled in men's colognes.And the oddly designed spray top breaks after a couple spurts, forcing you to have to take the whole thing apart to try to get it to spray.
I have used it before when i bought from the store. This one, ordered online, looks like at least 4 times diluted !! the good smell at the beginning is not strong enough, and doesn't last more than a couple of hours... I don't know, if this one I got had problem, or the supplier is ! I would rather buy it from the store, as I really liked swiss army.  the 2nd star is for the nice packaging. bottle looks original though...!
I purchased this cleanser after reading countless glowing reviews on LUSH's website. It does not impress me too much. I rather like the fresh lavender/herbal scent, but the scent is the best part. You have to mix it with a bit of water to form a paste and even after you've done this you lose a bit of it because it falls off your face when you go to rub it in. It sure feels nice to scrub it on--gently exfoliating. And it does seem to moisturize. But I'm not sure it's actually getting my face clean. I am nearly to the end of one pot and have not seen any noticeably improved results. Don't think I'll buy this again. For exfoliating, I recommend LUSH's Ocean Salt over this product any day.
Okay, call me crazy, but I think this is some of worst-smelling stuff ever!  I was so excited to get it, and when I popped open the container, this super-nast waft of ... I don't know ... acidic-ragweed was super over-powering.I used it once, but I just couldn't get over the smell.  I gave it to my friend (who LOVES the way it smells), so maybe my nose is broken. :)
I am a HUGE Lush fan ever since discovering them several years ago on a trip to London.However, "Angels on Bare Skin" is one of the very few Lush items that I wouldn't recommend.  I just found that...well, it didn't really work!  I always needed something else to REALLY wash my face, so it made this product kind of pointless.  I wear makeup (concealer, washable mascara, etc) so maybe if you don't, you will find that this product works better for you.Also, the texture of the product (kind of crumbly, with bits of stuff in it) made it much harder to use than other facial cleansing products.  It always seemed that half of the product ended up in the sink before it ever hit my skin!I have LOVED most other Lush products I've used...so I almost feel disloyal leaving this review!  :-)
I thought it would be exactly the scent of one of the soaps I bought but it's not. It's interesting and different but not particularly nice or enticing. It's not heinous, so I'm trying to use it up rather than throwing it out, but I could definitely see myself tossing it as soon as I'm over being cheap about it.
I want to love Lush products but I have yet to find one that I even like. Like all of Lush's products, this one has a funky smell to it, although I will admit, it's not as bad as most of their products.  Any talc product is supposed to absorb moisture, and there are a lot of powders on the market that smell better than this.  The package design on Lush's powders are terrible.  It is very difficult to not have powder go everywhere.  I ended up buying another container to put the powder in.  For the amount of money you spend on Lush products, I don't think it's too much to ask for good product packaging.
Normally I love lush products, but this powder is really too fine and just dusts everything instead of your body.  It really is hard to get on, (maybe that's why they put it in a sprinkle cannister instead of using a puff) and just goes everywhere.  Scent is a bit cloying too.  I'll keep buying Lush because I love it, but stay away from the powder.
I've seen a lot of good reviews about this item, so I decided to give it a try. However I am not a big fan of the smell... It's very strong. Other than that, product seems fine. If I had to choose one product form lush, I would certainly go for the Karma soap!
First, its is not silky- it is a tad gritty. And second, once applied to the body, there is chalk  residue on my hands. Like I just used the black board.The smell is nice and so is the hint of glitter.  Maybe my 12 yo neice will like it.
I read the reviews and made my choice by them. But not to happy although it does feel soft on the skin. I DO NOT like the scent. I was hoping it would smell nicer. SO I will use it on my feet. (lol)
I enjoyed Extra Virgin Olive in my bath, it did seem to make my skin lovely, but I made the error of using it on my face and it made me break out like you would not believe. Even just rinsing my face with bathwather that had the soap in it caused breakouts, and I do not normally have sensitive skin. So if you're going to use this one, I'd recommend only showering with it.
Leaves my hair in a waxy texture.. others shampoo bars leave it smooth and silky. Guess it depend on the hair texture
I bought this shampoo to travel with because it is small, vegan, lasts a long time and does not require conditioner. It is literally giving me dreadlocks. My hair is constantly an oily mess and could NEVER be considered clean. This product is making it dirtier than it was before I wash my hair with it. I do NOT recommend this shampoo. I do not normally have oily hair and now it is just a wreck. I need to find new shampoo ASAP to save my hair from dreading up completely.
I have colored hair and this shampoo bar made my hair super dry. I love the idea of it- no wasteful packaging, easy to use bar etc. but I quickly had to switch back to my regular shampoo... probably works well if you don't have highlighted hair?....
This product left a residue on my hair even after two rinses with water.  I've given it several chances, even knowing that this type of product will not feel like a shampoo with a sulfate.  The smell is nice.  I've given it to my husband.
I needed massage lotion & this is body lotion so it does not meet my needs... I will from now on buy my massage lotion elsewhere...
No es lo que esperaba, el olor es bueno dentro del estuche, al usarlo no huele igual y dura poco
This gel was not as great as I thought.  I recieved 2 bottles of 2oz Oleda super skin lightener gel for over 30 bucks which is not alot of product for the cost. I give the product 2 stars because the shipment was fast and the product is oil free, but it is brown in color, it leaves brown spots on your skin.  It is very liquid in substance.  Even though the liquid product goes far, the lightening effects were not super in my experience.
Don't go through with ordering this unless you only plan to use it on your feet or for washing the tub itself. This is heavy duty.
Ive owned two of these brushes, the first deserved a rating of 3.5 stars, but this second one smells like diarrhea mixed with vomit and B.O.Cons:Smells like vomit, diarrhea and B.O., does not go away after washingThe bristles are very harsh at first but do soften up after a couple of usesThe head of the brush does not stay on and will fall off occasionallyThere is a hole in the handle for a rope, but one does not come with the brushPros:Very affective with good coverage and just the right amount of exfoliation once the bristles soften up
I guess if you have skin like an alligator, this product might be okay.  This brush is very stiff and rough. If you have sensitive skin, I would pass on this brush.  I tried rinsing the brush out and found that the next day it had already cracked and the handle was loose.
I would return this, but its only $8 and shipping would cost more so I'll keep it.  i'll find some other things to use this for, but not on my skin.  The bristles are sooooooo stiff and hard, it left me with literally scratch marks all over my leg.  Have no idea why ppl use this.  It's torture!
Ouch... It hurts to scrub anything other than my feet bottoms. I am going to soak it in oil for a few days and see if it softens it up.
It's much tougher than I expected, but I'm trying to learn to deal with it.  And the head has fallen off twice already in less than a week from the handle.
I like the brush part, but the handle won't stay on. I would recommend choosing one that is all one piece.
There was no description of the bristle strength.  Upon receiving them I find they are very rough, but will suggest to my clients they could soften in a hot water soak.  It would be nice to get an indication of the bristle grade as part of the description.
This is a terrible quality brush.  The wood is splintered and unfinished, and the bristles barely look natural.  You can buy a much better quality natural bristle brush for dry brushing at TJ Maxx for the exact same price.  I might use this one to clean my car, but it won't touch my body.
Very rough and has an unpleasant odor. We like a good scrub, but this was too much. I realize the main purpose was not for the shower, but I hoped it could also be used for bathing. Oh well.
The fit for the handle to the brush was not even close to being good. I do not know if this was a blem or a second. The last one I had was perfect and lasted for over 20 years.
I was not expecting this brush to be quite so painful.  I read some other reviews that mention it takes time for the brissles to soften, but with my sensitive skin, I don't think I can stand to use it long enough for them to soften.  The handle also slips out of the brush easily when scrubbing, so having a different way to attach the handle would probably work better.  I am glad that it works well for other people though, just not with my sensitive (pain-intolerant) skin.
This brush is extremely rough on the skin. It cannot be used for massage, only light surface exfoliation. The bristles are dense and tightly packed, and feel even rougher than boar's bristles. If that's what you're looking for, it is otherwise well made, but I find it too painful to use.
Used about 6 times and the handle came completely out of the grove in the head that holds the two pieces together. Just got done hammering the head back on and covered head and handle in groove with glue, hopefully it stays in.
I do like the smell of this product, it's like a minty antiseptic scent. So I would give it thumbs up for it's aromatherapy benefits....HOWEVER, this "tonic" leaves MORE on my skin than it takes away! And the bottle usage instructions encourage you to apply liberally.....well I tried that way and I tried using less....much less. I waited ample time allowing this product to "dry" (for lack of a better word) before applying the next product. It totally did NOT make my face clean, or even feel clean. It actually peeled off in some areas of my face, like in my hairline and around my chin, neck & nose areas. I felt that this would be the appropriate toner for me since I'm easily prone to acne. The product label even states that the product minimizes the appearance of breakouts. Well not on my face. Totally hate it, except for the scent.
This product did not work for me.  I had great hopes for it and followed the directions for use.  However, it did not live up to the hype.
The product did not last very long, within a few days of usage it fell apart..
It was advertised as Healthy Sexy Hair chocolate soymilk shampoo, however, upon receiving the item it was not the chocolate soymilk shampoo but the regular soymilk shampoo.  I would certainly not purchase this item from Amazon again and will buy from ebay.
This is a good moisturizer but there are many good moisturizers out there for much less money.  One and done.
I bought this one because I was fooled by the &#34;classic&#34; written on the bottle and the &#34;made in Germany&#34;. If you are used to the wonderful smell of Badedas, you'll find this formula much messed with! The maker is now &#34;Unilever&#34;. I have a bottle I bought in the UK (also made in the UK) which smells like the true &#34;classic&#34; one, but it doesn't advertise it on the bottle. I compared the two formulas and they are different. This one smells different, as if it were made with cheaper ingredients. That characteristic strong pine-horse chestnut smell is gone. Even the colour has been messed with. It dilutes into a cheap, artificial, almost urinous yellowish-green that makes you want to run away from the bathtub.
I purchased Badedas because I have loved Vitabath for many years and was assured that Badedas was virtually identical. As it costs signifcantly less, and there have been complaints about the quality of recent purchases of Vitabath, I thought it was worth a try. While both are thick green bath gels, the smell is very different.  Vitabath has a light, clean, refreshing scent while Badedas has strong musky undertones that I can only describe as smelling like a combination of stale sweat and cheap perfume. I do realize what smells good or bad can be highly subjective, and many truly seem to like the scent of Badedas but it definitely does NOT smell like Vitabath  and if you purchase it as a substitute you will most likely be disappointed. I find the smell unpleasant enough to render my purchase useless.  (My husband concurs, so it's not just me!)
I have been using this product for over a decade but this particular shipment seemed to be a counterfeit as it did not really turn my water deep green and didn't bubble well. I returned it.
I was under the impression from the ad this was made in Germany, but its not.  This product you will be buying is made in Mexico.  If you are looking for the product ingredients that are made in Germany dont buy this item.  If you are looking for Nivea Creme and the ingredients dont matter to you this is an excellent product.  I also received excellent shipping speed from this seller.
This version is minty enough, but the older version of this soap was thicker, and you could blow a bubble that could reach the floor. Please let me know what happened to the good old soap ( lack of glycerine?).
I would have liked this product, but this product stains your skin when you use it.  For that reason, I would not recommend this product.
I personally will not recommend this product because it looks very susceptible to wear and tear. I had to return the product the next day of its arrival.
I love the Glo foundation (matt), the best among all but this concealer defines my lines around the eyes.  If you don't have much wrinkle, it is probably ok but I don't recommend on to people who have even fine lines.
I have medium skin color with dark circles under my eyes, which I have had all my life.  This concealer does not give any coverage whatsoever.  I mixed it with the Glo mineral pressed powder and it helped a little.  I guess I will stick to using the MAC concealer, which gives the BEST coverage EVER!!!
The dark circles under my eyes were not concealed, nor was the darkness minimized using this product, very disappointed with the glominerals Concealer.
I have used in the past. This seemed too dry when I received it. Maybe on shelf too long .
I love glo-Minerals. But they really screwed up on this lipstick.  It just breaks!!! I live in San Francisco, where the weather is cool, so I can just imagine if people who have real summers would do with this lipstick!!!  I have bought several over the years, and all of them have come apart at the seams.  I keep thinking the next one won't break!!!  That is how much I really do like their other products.
I'm used to buying it at a Salon and for whatever reason this appeared to be old as it does not blend like it always has before when you get a scoop out of the container, some of it blends but some is very sticky and won't spread thru hair!!!
Like alot of customers with this product, I need to replace the bristles. After calling Helen of Troy Company and waiting on hold for 10 min, I was informed that the only way to replace the bristles is to write to the company and send a check. They do not take orders over the phone or on-line. The real kicker is that it takes 4-6 weeks to recieve the bristles...are you kidding? I guess they are hoping I find it easier to replace the curling iron, and I will.....but it won't be their product!!!
This curling brush has plastic teeth which easily disengage from the barrel and fall off. Since I got no direction booklet with this item, I don't know if there is a remedy. Doesn't appear to be one.
I didn't think that this was any better than Neosporin,not that Neosporin is natural but just as a comparison. It didn't seem to help with wound healing even after using it a few days. Also, it's orange and shows if you get it on clothing or sheets.
always love estee lauder anything... i use powder after shower but this one smells like old lady. strong pungent, not fresh smelling. definatly not worth the price. i'll use it cause i opened it (never doubting estee lauder) but i don't like this product.
If it can't cover the grey hair, what is then the purpose??? You should be blond to use it, and you will end up with locks of orange color.
I used this a few times but it's so gritty - feels like little bits of sand in this, so I really don't like applying it.  Stays thick and sticky on the skin for quite a while and has a very strong scent.  Switched to Aveeno with oil lotion and it's keeping me stretch mark free without the sticky, gritty, smelly part and I'm over 7mths along now...
I started using this tummy butter when I was 8 weeks pregnant. I used it twice if not three times a day. I started getting stretch marks on my 30th week. It doesn't hurt to try to "prevent" having stretch marks but I think if it's in your genes, you really can not do anything to prevent them. I do love the smell of this tummy butter. It is a little greasy but that didn't bother me. It did make my skin really soft and it helps with the itchiness. But I don't think this is the "miracle" tummy butter a lot of ladies are wishing for :).
I'd gotten samples of this and absolutely loved it!  But then when I got the jar of it I was disappointed.  It's REALLY gritty.  Like, to the point of almost hurting when you rub it in.  I'd recommend Burt's Bee's Mama Belly over this now.
The product seems to work I just hated how greasy it was after you put it on. I ruined two shirts bc I wore them after applying. I could still rub it off my skin hours after applying, if you're looking for bargain pricing it is cheaper than other options but in the end I have a nearly full tub and stick that I'm not using any longer because I bite the bullet and upgraded to a more expensive less greasy lotion.
I bought this hoping it would keep me from getting stretch marks but unfortunately I ended up with a few. I didn't use this product everyday because it left my tummy feeling really greasy and I was worried it would ruin my clothes. It smells ok and who knows if I didn't use it at all I might have ended up with a lot more stretch marks.
If your belly or skin gets rashes when it's oily or overheat with clothes covered, I wouldn not recommend this product. This product, as it mentioned on the lable, would not absorb, so it stayed oily and sticky on my belly. After covered by clothes for a day or two, my belly broke out reashes all over.It smells good though.
In my experience is too thick and difficult to massage into the skin. Didn't mind the smell. I'm not big enough yet to tell if works for stretch marks. Also there is not much product into the container.
My skin broke out in red blotches and itched like crazy after two weeks of using this product.  Had to discontinue use and switched to Eucerin.
I bought this b/c I heard it would help prevent stretch marks during pregnancy.  It didn't work for me - still got them :(
After reading all the positive reviews, I was excited to use this product. I think it would be better described as a salve, it is thick and sticky, difficult to spread on, and just sits there, leaving your belly sticky, and your shirt then sticks to your belly. Its kind of really gross. I only put it on at bedtime, because it really soils your shirt, and the smell is just too strong and perfumey for this pregnant nose! Really dissapointed with this product, and will be going back to the cocoa butter which moisturizes well and doesnt leave such an oily and uncomfortable residue.
I had great expectations from this item based on the reviews...after I tried it I was really disappointed. This product is GREASY like hell! After 20 minutes I still can't put my shirt over my belly. My skin just never absorbs it. I always have this sweaty feeling. It smells good/ok though.
This "butter" is just like a thick vaseline and sticks to my clothes. I hate the feeling of it on my hands and would have to wash it off after applying to my stomach. I'm 6 months along, and it did keep the itch away; however, I had to wait 15 minutes in the morning for enough to absorb that I could put my clothes on and not have all of it rub off. Although the price is much less than other products I've read reviews on, I used up the whole tub (applying liberally once a day) in less than a month. I used the Burt's Bees tummy butter originally, and that was cheaper and lasted a good 2 months. I loved the feel and absorption of that product but stopped using it because it contains Willowood extract. Not sure how serious of a concern that should be, but I don't take any chances when it comes to pregnancy. I guess I'll try the Mama Mio butter next.
First things first a little background.. My mom and sisters did not get stretch marks during their pregnancies and did not use any special creams except good ole lotion while pregnant. Being a petite woman my mom gained around 50 pounds with all pregnancies and still no stretch marks!! I am petite at 100 pounds prepregnancy weight. I do not scratch my skin when it itches, I exercise everyday (modified Turbo Fire and occasional running with the hubby to be exact) and have only gained 22 pounds with my pregnancy thus far at 39 weeks. Now onto the review :)I have used this product from the time I started trying to get pregnant and am still using it at 39 weeks pregnant. I apply the product 2 sometimes 3 times a day RELIGIOUSLY and I started noticing stretch marks around 37 weeks.  They are not awful stretchmarks but alas still there.Bottom line: I would not buy this product if you are looking for a cream to prevent stretchmarks. Although I must say it does wonders for the itching and makes my skin feel lovely after I put it on. I wish it would have prevented the stretch marks but I guess I will learn to embrass them for what they are. Hope this review helps!!
I bought this product beacuse 2 of my close friends used it during pregnancy and both of them had no stretch marks. I recieved mine and it was cracked on the bottom. The product almost feels gritty. It sits on my skin and doesn't really soak in. It just transferred to clothes and blankets.. I used the whole cantainer and was not impressed. I'm instead using coconut oil, the real stuff. Much cheaper and 100% natural. It soaks in.
I started using this product at 10 weeks. And ended up with stretch marks starting at 35 weeks. The fact that it didn't really work isn't the issue. What I really didn't like about this was its not at all a lotion... its VERY greasy! I ended up putting it on after showers then buying a tank top specifically for wearing after putting this on. It doesn't really absorb into the skin very well and in the morning its still greasy... The only thing I did like about it was when I put it on it stopped the burning sensation I was having with the stretch marks (Oh and it smells decent). I seriously don't recommend it if your looking for something that will absorb and not get all over EVERYTHING.
I used this a couple of times during my pregnancy and fealt more itchey and ended up with a rash. I swithced to cocoa butter and had better results. I triend it again and ended up with a rash again. Now that I'm no longer pregnant I tried it again and it just made my skin dry and itchy. Don't wast your money!!!
While this product smells nice the texture is very grainy. It also does not provide any relief for itching at all. As far as stretch mark prevention I guess it works okay as so far I have not seen any stretch marks on my body and I'm 5 months along.
To be fair, I have to say I didn't stick with this product for the long haul. Given its thick, grainy, beeswax-like consistency, I'm not sure I could stand it. I started using this when I was 2 months pregnant and now, at 3 1/2 months, I'm already completely out. A little really doesn't go a long way in this case, though I did use the product sparingly.On a positive note, the smell is amazing. It's sweet and not overpowering. However, scent alone is not enough to draw me back in for a new canister. For now, I plan on sticking to tried and true products like plain old cocoa butter which are less expensive and easily absorb into the skin, unlike Bella B's sticky, grainy residue. As far as whether this stuff prevents stretch marks, guess I will never know! :)
I did not like this product at all. Too sticky and tacky. It stuck to everything I wore to bed. It also had a gritty texture to it. I do not plan on buying this product again. The Mama Mio Tummy butter is much better.
I was not very happy with this product.  The butter is very thick and extremely greasy.  I would only put this on at night, because I didn't mind so much if my pajamas stuck to it (it is very sticky).  I would never use it during the day under normal clothes for fear of staining.  The butter is also really gritty and grainy.  My tummy did not like it because as soon as I started to use the butter, my belly broke out with little bumps all over it.  The only pros are that it is thick and it stays on your skin for a long time, but the cons out way the pros.  I will not purchase this butter again.  I can't say if it works at preventing stretch marks since I used it early on in my pregnancy.
I have tried 4 different products; I like one of the other brand better only because it feels less greasy. However I continued to use this product because other than the greasy feel, it works wonders, smells soothing and costs 3times cheaper.  The texture, smell are great, once on, I can rub it into my skin gently spread it out with ease. I found this butter to be better than other stuff costing much more. And the packaging makes it easy to use without wasting compred to products in tubes.Update 1/11/2011: I'm 13 days away from my due date, I started to have stretch marks along the lower left side of my belly. I use this product about 2~3 times a day, so I'm not sure if the product really works or not. I will continue using it even after birth to see if it will make those stretchmarks go away. I will take away another star as it currently did not prevent all my stretchmarks.Update 1/15/2011: I recently received 2 bottles of of honey butter, one is the same as usual with smooth creamy texture, but the other have a less creamy and sandy rough texture. I returned that one easily thought Amazon, but I now understand what other reviewers said about the particle/sand/rough feeling of the product. Apparently the texture of this butter will be modifier depending on how it was handled or stored. So return it if you receive such a product.Update 4/18/2011: I reduced the rating to 1 star, because after regular and persistant use from pregency and continues use for 3 month after pregency, I still end up with stretch marks all around my waist and belly. Therefore making me believe this product does not work as advertised. I advise you to try something else for strechmark prevension.
I'm really not terribly happy with the product. I had been using Palmer's Tummy Butter (half the price at Walmart) and decided to try this instead and have been disappointed. It's super greasy, I find the smell a bit chemically and unpleasantly floral, and more than anything, it really doesn't have much staying power. Pros: less itching. I really do prefer Palmer's for the price and the quality.
the fragrance is overpowering for me. was looking for a product without artificial fragrance (phthalates), didn't catch that this has them. if you put the product on at night, it still smells strongly in the morning. i had to wash my skin and clothes to stop smelling it. I didn't like the texture either; it's heavy and waxy and sticky and i just felt gross with it on. :-( a friend bought me some palmer's cocoal butter skin oil from the drugstore, and i like that better. i thought i'd like this more because it costs more - was just a waste of money!
Received the product without a seal. Butter was greasy and hard to absorb, doesnt have a pleasant smell either, will not purchase again!
Ok so the second I found out i was pregnant I did my research for the right cream/lotion to prevent stretch marks. Even after reading and hearing advice of doctors and experts stating that there is not a product available to prevent them, I still went ahead and purchase this product mainly because of the reviews. I truly believed what this product promised.The results: I started using this product on my 2nd month of pregnancy, I applied it 3x a day everyday without a miss. I applied ample butter every time until the day I delivered. So I had my baby 2 weeks ago (3 weeks early) and I have to say the cream did not work. I got many stretch marks, if I had not delivered 3 weeks early, I most likely wold have ended with more. One thing it did do was keep my skin soft and itch free, but that's it!My conclusion: If you are meant to get stretch marks, you're are going to get them. I agree with the experts, there is no prevention. Would I have listened to them, I would not have spend over $300 on this product. At least I can say I did what I thought was the best I would do to prevent them. Also, the second I say my baby, the last thing on my mind was stretch marks. Now when I do see my marks, I smile because it reminds me of my beautiful baby, every single mark was worth it.
I liked this product for the first 10 days or so.  After that it was no longer smooth even though I always put it on clean skin.  Now when I first put it on is is grainy.  After it is absorbed it is fine but the applying process is less than desireable.
I thought this product was great at first, it smelled great and used mostly natural ingredients compared to other creams, but upon continued use I just noticed it would make my skin really itchy and dry.  Which is surprising because the container states that it is hypoallergenic and has an Anti-itch Formula.  It wasn't moisturizing or anti- itching at all!
I ordered this product because it was recommended to me on another skincare website.  However, I haven't wanted to use this product much due to it's odor.  Very medicinal/chemical smelling.  Makes me wonder what sort of harsh chemicals are going on my face!  I used it pretty consistently the first two weeks and didn't notice any difference in my skin.  I wouldn't recommend this product, unless a dermatologist specifically tells you to use it.
The product gets good ratings for lack of toxicity and the packaging is nice, but it smells so bad I don't know if I can use it.  It smells like really strong insect repellent to me, absolutely awful.  I can tolerate that if I have to but don't want to smell that way to others.  I'm trying to find organic products that also smell good and this is coming off my list.
Does nothing - none of these types of product ever work, they are all gimmicks as far as I am concerned.
I use a lot of Queen Helene products and have always been very pleased with the quality.  I wash my face daily with either the Queen Helene Cocoa Butter or Mint Julep facial scrubs and decided to try the Oats and Honey version -- I was very disappointed.  The fragrance is very unappealing and my face nevers feels clean after using it.  My advice is to pass this version up and stick with the Mint Julep or Cocoa Butter -- you won't be disappointed!
This stuff smells so bad.it doesn't even smell like oatmeal and it certainly doesn't smell like honey. Also the scrub is rough, I have pretty strong skin and this bothered me a little. If you want a Queen Helene scrub then save for one that smells alot better.
However the same exact smell is achieved by Suave shampoo, so the $16/$1 comparison is a little harsh.  I won't be buying this product from Philosophy again, but there are many others that are great.
My facial skin tends to be combination oily and dry, but my body skin tends toward the dry side.  This soap is definitely not for me!  Leaves my skin slick but not moisturized, and instead with new dry spots forming.  I compared it to Yardley Oat Moisturizing soap ($0.98 at Walmart) and Yardley leaves my skin clean, moisturized, and supple, while Olivella leaves it parched, irritated and chalky.  Also, I had to exfoliate nearly everyday after using Olivella.  Not fan, but glad I gave it a shot.  Maybe it's better for someone else's skin?
I was sadly dissapointed in the product,certainly did not live up to all the hype. I would say it is a bit better than your basic store brand bar soap. Certainly did not do anything to help my dry skin.I would tell you to stay with your present soap and just purchase a good moisturizer.
Bought these for my maternity stay in the hospital when I had my daughter - wasn't all that impressed with qlty & sizing ran pretty small. They held their purpose for the short time I used them, but wouldn't note them as truly comfortable for long term use. Defntly in flight slippers only. I've packed them away in the handy travel case they came with for my next flight...in the event I decide to be bold enough & change into them!
I ordered this wax as an alternative to buying a whole setup with a warmer and all the accessories that come with it. The convenience of being able to microwave the wax is excellent. However, it is VERY sticky. I accidentally drip on one thing or another each time I wax, and this stuff is impossible to get off. Not to mention the stickiness it leaves on my skin that soap and a loofah will not remove. My husband got used to seeing lines of lint stuck to my legs for 2 days after waxing with this stuff just because I couldn't get it all off and it would rub on my clothes. I did not use one of the Gigi brand wax prep or wax removal products so I cannot say if that would have helped or not, but frankly I don't want to have to buy a whole product line to wax at home. If I need to spend that kind of money I'd rather save myself the space and trouble and go to the salon. It did work to remove most of the hairs on my legs, but needed to be reheated a couple times in the process to keep it warm. I tried putting it in a shallow pot of boiling water after I heated it in hopes of keeping it warm longer, but this only helped a little and I ended up with wax permanently affixed to my saucepan. Also, you might want to patch test your skin. I tried this on my husbands back and he broke out in the worst case of pimples afterwards and I felt so bad for him. I wouldn't buy this product again. I was going to risk it with their sensitive skin creme version to see if it's less sticky and less irritating, but once I received the wrong item in the mail, I quit Gigi entirely and went to another brand.
I got this for my wife at Christmas.  We then had to travel across country from SC to WA.  During the trip she kept some of her jewelry in this case.  You know, the stuff she wears all the time.  Well I spent hours untangling all her necklaces.  They slip into the top of the case and are held in place by a little hook.  The other end is free to move around.  Presto! tangled necklaces.  There is no way to hold the bottoms in place and if the case turns upside down (which happens when your moving luggage) the necklace slips off the top clip.  Very disappointed.
I was unable to use this product because  there was no creme developer included  in the kit,  and I am unhappy
After using this product for nearly a month, I see no improvement in fine lines or elasticity, however, I now have acne.  The product feels great when you apply it, but your face feels dry later and needs another application.  In addition, I have developed acne.  I know new products can cause acne, but typically after a week it clears up.  The acne did not clear up for me.  I plan to throw out and go back to neutrogena products.  I am also using the night shift.  I'm not sure which is causing the acne, but I assume both.
I have thin fine hair and had read a good review of this somewhere so I bought a bottle. I followed the directions to a T, but my hair didn't look any different, but i kept trying thinking maybe one day i'll see that it plumped my hair up for the day, but it never happened. I've tried it 5 times, and it's only supposed to coat the hair for the day, it's not a treatment, but still i have yet to feel like it's doing anything.
I have baby-fine, straight hair and am alway looking for ways to &#34;pump up the volume&#34;. A blogger recommended this product.. It was slow to arrive and very expensive but hey I'm worth it. It left my hair super shiny and improved it's condition-- however still baby-fine and straight.
It's too soft for my skin, I won't buy it again in the future. I'd better use something from CVS
it has a nice minty scent to it but I wasnt impressed by this soap it wasnt as scrubby as i would have liked it to be I have other exfoliant soap that i think would be better than this.
I don't think this helps maintain my tan at all, I wouldn't spend my money on this again.  I like the self tanner by itself
Same problem as other customers.  The vender will not respond to e-mails.  I tried to cancel the order, before it was shipped, but the vender shipped the item despite my request.  And, the item was shipped 4 days after my request, not to ship and cancel the order. I got my product with-in the time table, but the vendor should respond to e-mails when sent.  The vender has no concern for the customer.
The wrap's ends didn't stretch enough to fasten Velcro fasteners around my head.  It seemed to be a child-sized version, but it didn't say it on the package.  I am not a giant and my head is an average size.  I had to return it.This was actually my third Velform Chin Wrap - I had purchased the product in the past from verseo.com, and I was happy with it.
I am not happy with this product at all. The chin strap slips and is very flimsy. I expected a better product for my money.
I've been using this product for over a month and really don't see much difference in appearance.  I'll continue using it until it is completely gone but not mauch positive result.
I have giant sausage arms, these little wraps didn't fit around my arms without cutting into my circulation.  You'd be just as good using anti cellulite cream with some baby oil and Saran wrap with a heating pad.
I still don't know if this will work for me. Really I was expecting so much more especially for the price they sell. However they work better than the night wrap.
I did it for the whole month and haven't seen any results.....Still using it thou but don't expect to see anything just want to use it all up.Won't buy it again.
I ordered the Chrome By Azzaro For Men. Eau De Toilette Spray tester from AAAMerchants and although the price had free shipping when I got to the cart I was charged shipping!! wtf?? Contacted seller AAAMerchants and seller AAAMerchants claimed it was Amazons glitch (fault). They still havent changed the "free shipping" claim on the product description. Get with it AAAMerchants
I had tried this in a store and fell in love.  The scent stayed with me all night and decided I had to have some.  Instead of going back to the store I ordered online but am disappointed with the product that was shipped.  The scent is so weak, it's nothing like what I originally tried.
Don't fall for the name. If you want to deceive a girl or make a girl come and lick you in the neck, this is not the product you want. I was naive and simply believed it but it is an &#34;ok&#34; product that will smell really good after a few hours. First hour will be very strong.
BEFORE I BOUGHT THIS ONLINE... I WENT 2 MACY'S AND SPRAYED IT ON... LOVE IT... PURCHASE FROM U... DOES NOT SMELL THE SAME...!!!... I PURCHASE 2 BOTTLES ... NOT HAPPY AT ALL... VERY UNHAPPY CAMPER.... SEXUAL....!!!..JAMES........jwdisnuke@att.net
I have received the item, but unfortunately it doesn't smell as same as the one I had before. I don't think its an original perfume inside of it other than the box and bottle.
The mascara does not have a "wow" factor. If you want a simple, day look, this mascara is for you. If you add a few more layers, you will see a deeper hue; however, it is nothing earth-shattering. I will not purchase this mascara again.
Product was priced to high for the quality of item...not as I thought according to discription
Smells good but didn't do much help at all.price should be lowered to $2.99 that's all.nothing special.I would say that it's over priced for a non working so-called pheromones.
I used this product to conduct a small pheromone study in graduate school a number of years ago for a Human Sexuality class. Out of 100 participants, 20% said they felt it worked, the rest were either non-responsive or said it didn't have any effect.The asking price at the time was around $10 a bottle, but I received free single-serving samples from the manufacturer.Most of the studies I've read regarding pheromones in humans suggest we have very limited perception possibly due to evolution. Even though we produce pheromones naturally, we either wash them off or cover them up with fragrances, soaps, lotions, shampoos, etc. Animals and insects, however, still depend on them for attracting a mate, reproduction, and continuing the species. Some brands, however, smell pretty good from the added fragrance. Others smell like something between English Leather and horse pee.In my opinion paying more than $10-$20 for an ounce of this brand or others is a TOTAL waste of money. Furthermore, paying $90+ a bottle is outrageous, unless it comes with a "guarantee".
Zim's Crack Creme Gel works as good as the original but you won't smell like licorice when you apply it.  Zim's is the only product I know of that repairs cracked skin in the dry Colorado winter.  But beware the vendor if it is not being sold directly by Amazon.  The shipping costs were cleverly hidden in the advertisement, and the shipping and handling costs were more than the cost of the product itself.  This is just a little 2 oz tube of gel.  There just isn't any reason to charge $5.00 to ship it.  Next time I'll buy it someplace else, but this 2 oz tube will last me a long time.
This multi-function light is of average quality.  LED is not that bright as I expected.  Very flimsy, the lense comes out if you drop it once.  But the black matte finish looks kewl.  The torch facility was ok, was useful during one hiking and died after the first fall.  Can recommend only for rare use - or as a part of your travel kit.
Pillow is nice but too heavy for the suction cups so it is not effective at all.  It will not stay attached to the wall.
I've used this pillow for a week now, and it is very frustrating because the pillow will not stick to the tub.  Either the suction cups do not work, or the sunction cups detach from the pillow.  Who makes a bath pillow with detachable sunction cups?  What is the point?
It is nice and cushy, but the suction cups don't hold very well.  It could be from the slope of the tub.
Suction cups are not good at all. I bought this product because of the review posted for it, but in my experience is not as good at it could be.
Saw this product at one of my friends place and ordered it online. Smells great and it makes my skin smooth for a while. After may be 1-2 hrs, my skin starts becoming dry again. Perhaps, this product is not for dry skin(???). Definitely, won't order this product again.
I did what the directions said but still nothing the only thing it straightened was my bangs and made my hair knotted and so thin. My hair just had that ruff and got tangled a lot
I read a lot of reviews before deciding on this relaxer. As a result I had very high hopes. This relaxer was on sale ($3.99) at my local BSS which is another reason why I purchased it. This was my first time self relaxing since I've been on my healthy hair journey and I wanted to be careful not to suffer a setback. My hair didn't shed as much as I anticipated but this relaxer didn't take at all. I have very fine 4b hair and hadn't relaxed in 3 months. I had a good bit of new growth so I used a good amount and even left it on for 16 min. (Whenever I self relaxed before my journey I would rinse out after 12 min bcuz my hair is too fine for that bone str8 look.) I don't know if my hair is just growing more coarse now and I needed to leave it on longer or what but this relaxer really didn't take at all which is something I've never experienced in over 20 years of relaxing.
I had read that I could use this product on my extra curly hair to get it to straighten. But I found out it just dried it out very much. It straightened it for about 2 weeks but it was so dry it felt like hay. DO NOT USE IT IF YOU ARE WHITE NO MATTER WHAT IT SAYS.
It's an okay product and does pretty much what it says it will... it gives your hair decent volume, but leaves it kind of sticky and wet looking.  Make sure you blow dry very well after using it.  Probably won't buy it again.
Not what I was looking for.There was a refining lotion and I actually got a serum.  Not what I wanted.
I was so excited about having my own customized palette. I bought a bunch of Stila colors and a few of them didn't fit. Then the colors started to crack and crumble. The palette itself is fine- comes with mirror and a nice brush, but unfortunately it just didn't work out as a package. One more thing- the pricing of the colors is ridiculous. One color will be $5 and the next will be $25. I can just by a whole pre-made palette for that!
This T trimmer feels more like a vibrator. I called Andis and explained what I was looking for in a trimmer and this model was recommended. The trimmer works well with the combs but doesn't seem to give you the crisp outine on your beard.
Replacing an older model Pivot Pro. This is not the same quality as the older models. I would upgrade before purchasing this model again.
does not get close enough to hair in order to trim around the edges.  Blade was great at first but then got dull as time went by.  also nicks and pulls hair on the face.  I would recommend getting a clipper with detachable blades with a blade size of 0000 or less that way the trimming and edging is about perfect down to 2mm of hair.
In my experience I did not get a close shave with these clippers.  I was attracted to them because of the price.  I would recommend spending a little more money and buying the Andis Professional T - outlining clippers....  I ended up having to.
disappointed. the mix of tea tree oil, menthol and cinnamon was too medicine-like. the shipping way overpriced. save your dough!
but I was not impressed with this spray in/leave in treatment at all. I damaged my hair a few months back and have been trying all sorts of leave in products to help make it more managable and healthy looking. This product did not live up to expectations and was not comparable to other less expensive choices. I do like the shampoo, conditioner and restorative treatment hair mask in this particular line of F Fekkai hair products. They smell awful but they work. After using the shampoo,conditioner, and treatment mask I noticed a big improvement in my hair. However, this spray did not live up to the rest of the line. It was very ineffective at detangling my damp hair and making comb out easier and less likely to break off my damaged locks. There was no noticeable improvement in my hair after using it. And it smells awful. I had much better luck using some old standards such as Infusium and even an Herbal Essence leave in, both of which made comb out gentle and easy and offered superior conditioning.
The dispensor is ok but the clock stopped working shortly after I started using it. Was disapointed in that. Easy to fill and use
Fast shipping, but the product is not a good quality, It is to expensive for the quality
There are ingredients in this lotion that have some kind of scent so it is not fragrance free - it was very aggravating - I had to hop in the shower and wash it off immediately.  If you have sensitive skin, I doubt this is a good choice for you.
I typically adore Lush products, but this one did not make me "Happy." The scent is so strong that I got a headache the first time I used it. This is the first time I was ever disappointed by a Lush product. I've been using their soaps, creams, etc. for more than 10 years, so one in 10 years isn't too bad of a record. Will try something else next time.
Happy Soap has a plastic orange scent, and is one of Lush's more drying soaps.  With so many other Lush soaps to love, I would not try this one again.
I ordered this filter for my children's humidifier since they both had bad colds and I needed it right away. It took 10 days for the filter to arrive and that was only after I contacted the seller. They did respond promptly, which was nice. However, when I finally got my order, it was a single filter but the image was for a three pack (&#34;special value...buy two get one free&#34;). Advertising was not what I got. :(
I applied this above my eyebrows for about 5 minutes and it left a burn.  That's the best way I can describe it.  It's a dark spot that I've had for months and I'm really hoping it'll go away eventually.  It takes the hair off but I would rather have the hair than the burn.
I will go back to Nair. It just didn't remove the hair on my upper lip like Nair does.  Disappointed.
It breaks the hair off at a noticeably long length. Followed all instructions but am not happy with the results.
I've used Mary Kay for years and gave this product a try.  I wasn't impressed with it at all.  Could have gotten the same results with something less expensive.  Will go back to the MK Firming eye cream.  Much better results than this age-fighter.
the night solution from mary kay is an AMAZING product. Note that it wont change your skin dramatically, but you will be able to tell the difference when you stop using it. this was my first time purchasing the serum from this seller but i got hooked by the discounted price and the free shipping offered by amazon. the package arrived a little late than usual but it was because of the weekends and that was understandable. however, the box the serum was in was opened and cringed up as if someone just shoved the product back in. another downside was the fact that this item was made last year:( i was debating to return it, but the pump of the serum was locked and its okay to use cosmetics like this within a year of opening so i just decided to use it. the serum itself is indeed a decent product. however, i think ill just order it from mary kay official site for a legit product
What does this do??????Didn't do much for me. Made no difference in my skin. But everyone is different. Mary Kay's makeups usually have a high rating.
I do not care for this product as it leaves my skin feeling sticky, I prefer a creamer night cream
I have discovered that I am allergic to Mary Kay products! I know that they are nice as I know people who use them but for me I get a burning red face. Will have to send back.
I was initially pleased with the product, but made the mistake of leaving the bottle in my car on a hot day.  Within a couple hours, my nice smelling white lotion turned brown and smelly.  I'm now afraid to use it and so am wasting a nearly new bottle.
This doesnt work well if your hair is thin, in my experience.  The Hairagami works better and gives great buns, but doesnt work for french twists.  I am still looking for the perfect french twist accessory... This wasnt it.
I have used this product for about 2 years and loved it.  Recently, they've added some micro-beads that do not dissolve and are difficult to rinse off.  Also, the 'thermal' properties, which were awesome, are not the same.  They should have left a great product alone.
This product made my skin appear very red. It even out my skintone. However, it worsened ance on my face. I used to buy it all the time when they sold it at the Wal-Mart in my town. It worked well then. The company must had changed ingredients in the products. Honestly, I would recommend for people to buy cheap products in  their local retailers then expensive things like this. It works better. Trust me! You are only paying for names with these products.
I was not lucky in buying this item. The cream itself is more of a stiff consistency and it made me break out. This is strange because I've used a jar of this for a year now and it wasn't until I bought this second purchase online that I came across this odd mixture. I bought the single bottle & will continue to buy them in singles because it seems you're getting a deal on 2 for a reason. I'm thinking they might have a stock of old creams that they're trying to get rid of...
I bought this hoping it would brighten my complexion and help fade some post acnes scars, but no luck. It goes on smooth and is a good base after cleansing and toning as part of a routine, and smooths the skin, but beyond that no other noticeable benefits for me.I only have about half of a bottle left and after it is finished will not buy again. I wouldn't recommend to anyone seeking the benefits indicated other than smoothing the skin in prep for moisturizer or makeup.Also, it doesn't smell that great going on!
This is a new formulation and very different from the original.  It is not the smooth velvety texture I was used to.  The reason is Avalon moving to 100% organic labeling.  Kudos for them on that but it should state re-formulation.
I've been using this cream for a few months and just can't seem to like it. The effects are not terribly noticable. The smell is very nice. The density of the cream is the real issue for me. It's thick and heavy like a paste, not emollient at all. It soaks in fine, but it's so dry it pulls my skin with every swipe. I was looking for something thick and moisturizing for winter nights which didn't break me out or contain parabens or petrochemicals. Unfortunately, this stuff just isn't any good.
but i couldn't stand the smell of this, and i am reluctant to put things on my skin, that have chemicals in it...just not for me, although a friend loves it, i just gave it to someone at work
wouldnt recomend this to anyone with a nut allergy. it has several dfferent tree nut ingredients.
It's definitely the ideal fragrance for me. However, it lasts only 10 minutes. It's not my skin because other perfumes last way longer on me.
It doesn't last long at all. Like an hour if that. It's very light, it's a great perfume for a little girl, actually. Not for a woman, or not for me, anyway. It's not that I have anything at all against the scent itself, but it's just got substance or soul. I love the bottle! I love the color. I like the lid and the cut of the glass is great. It's more of a show piece to me than a workable scent, and one I like to look at and sniff but never choose to wear. And if I do, I know it can't be an all-day smell for it will wear off nearly instantly. I'm really surprised this won a fragrance of the year award for 2006. Design, sure. But perfume... it's hardly remarkable or memorable. But it is expensive!
This perfume is definitely recommended for young girls...maybe ages 7-16.  The perfume was compared to the baby soft product from days gone by...that is pretty accurate.
Like the other reviewers, I agree completely. This was a waste of my money (I bought mine in UK for 9 and was excpecting for it to do everything it says it should) I went travelling and needed a pick up during my flights. All this felt like was a spritz and a basic nice citrus smell. Nothing less and definately nothing more. You'd be better off putting water and a squeeze of orange/lemon juice in an empty bottle and spritzing your face...I know that's even better than this overpriced THING.
Wanting to try  something new, I picked up this little spritz. I was looking for an engergizing 'pick-me-up' that I could use in the middle of the day. I won't purchase this item again. After regular use, I did not find any difference in my skin (normal-oily, make-up free), did not experience any engergizing feeling, and quickly discovered that this product tastes terrible. The directions state to 'close your eyes and spray 10cm from you face' but this method lands the product on your lips - that would be how I discovered the awful taste.The one redeeming value I have for this product is the scent; I'm a huge fan of citrus based scents. But that benefit does not justify the cost of this product.
This spray had a sticky feel that I didn't like. The citrusy smell was nice, but I didn't like the way it felt on my skin
Is cute! it holds your ring! but sadly the finish fade out really fast even it just sit there.... .
I love, love, love the texture of this lotion. BUT my face hates it. I have really sensitive skin and have yet to find a moisturizer that doesn't cause my dermatitis to flare up. I have tried Cetaphil and loads of other products, but they all still burn my skin. Thought I would give this a shot after reading rave reviews online. But after three days of using this lotion, my skin broke out in large red, flaky patches that itched like heck. I'm going to give CeraVe a try. *fingers crossed*
I had an intractable migraine for over 200 days and was desperate to try anything for potential relief. This product did not relieve my migraine. It did, however, provide a pleasant burst of tingliness that got my sinuses draining. I plan to use it when my allergies are bothering me and/or if I am really stuffed up from a cold. It definitely gets things moving in your sinuses.
well i'm not saying its not worth a try, it is, especially if ur like me and have headaches everyday and conventional medical treatments don't seem to be an effective (my neurologist put me on some meds and didn't do anything, so i decided to try this). The only bad side effect i've had is smelling blood shortly after use, and becoming congested after i used it, hopefully it fairs better for others that buy it than it did for me
Figured the reason this works for headaches is that the searing pain in your nostrils distracts from the pain in your head.
As the "Item being reviewed" states, I ordered Sinus Buster Headache and even though that is what my order slip stated too, I received the basic Sinus Buster product. Whether or not they are the same product I should have received the "labeled" product that I ordered. I kept the product because I didn't want the hassle or cost of returning it. In addition, I paid for overnight delivery so I could take the product on vacation with me. Because of some situation with the company (South Coast ?). It took 6 days (4 working days) to recieve. The product seems okay but I will not purchase anything again from South Coast...
A little disappointed in this item. My primary want was to keep the water warm in the mani bowl. seems they sell this item with heat and without. didn't realize that, so i ended up with the unheated version, which defeats the entire purpose, as far as I am concerned. Aside from that, the bubble feature is very vigorous and it does feel great. but the bubbles cool the water off very quickly. do not put any kind of foaming solution into the well, you will have suds overflowing. The motor is loud. Too loud for a relaxing spa experience. Ergonomically the design lacks something too. The well is about 4.5" off the table and is awkward to use for any length of time without arm support. all in all, i feel i wasted my money.
I was not thrilled with this product.  It gunks up your razor.  When used on my legs, it gave me itchy skin (allergic maybe?).  When used under my arms, it kept my deodarant from sinking in as well.  When used on my bikini area, it gave me a yeast infection.  It did help reduce irritation the tiniest bit, but also kept me from getting a close shave.  Maybe this works for a man who is using it on his face, but I don't recomend it for other women.
You need to transfer the contents to a bottle with a smaller hole for dispensing because it has the consistency of water.  Leaves my hair greasy but it does control the itching.  It has less salicylic acid than T-Gel but basically the same product with perfume & conditioners for a lot more money.
I check the reviews in different places and was hoping would work. I would say give me more dandruf. The oil scapl in the other hand is great.
I was truly unimpressed with the Phyto Anti-dandruff treatment shampoo. It smelled horrible, like gasoline. The consistency was also very thin, so if you weren't careful, you would lose a lot of product when you poured it not your hand. I prefer  Neutrogena T/Sal therapeutic shampoo which has little to no scent and a much better, shampoo-like consistency. For half the price with the Neutrogena, you get twice as much product and more active ingredient. In short, skip the Phyto and purchase the good ole Neutrogena and the drug store.
Despite the product description, all I can buy is the foil screen and not the cutter blades.  I can't get those anywhere, it seems, for this very good but very old electric shaver.  The foil is very good and is an exact replacement part.  But I would really have liked to get the cutter head as well.And now they are not available from Amazon any longer.  Guess I'll have to deep-six this loyal old shaver when this last foil wears through.  Sad to see it go.
I don't see major diference when i used it, i used deep cleansing pore strips to have a result.
I don't have sensitive skin by any means (regularly do salon or at home peels and micros) and this product was burning to the face. It didn't do anything to reduce my oilyness or shrink my pores. I used it in conjunction with the glycare cleansing gel and I definitely won't be buying either products again.
I wanted a product that actually helped hair regrowth-and this did not do it.  The product is very gelatinous and clear-it felt quite watery with a thickener in it to make it more sustainable-which means its just thick water.  Not satisfied-because in order to get it to lather I had to use a significant amount.  I will not be repurchasing.
I'm really surprised at all of the good reviews for this product.  The shampoo is very weak and watered down.  I'm a guy and don't have much hair, and still needed quite a bit of shampoo to get a full lather going.  The smell is very artificial.  And there was absolutely no scalp tingling that you get with almost any other tea tree shampoo.Very disappointed.
I have used Avalon Organics for years and really liked it but this new one is way too strong.  The smell is overwhelming and there are too many strange ingredients.  I prefer a product with a few simple ingredients.  It didn't help that the top had popped off and some of the shampoo ran out into the box.  I am looking for a new safe shampoo now.  I am very sad to see the old formula is gone.
I was seeking a shampoo for thinning/body-less hair. I liked the fact that this was organic and also am a big fan of biotin b complex. The price was cheap & shipping was fast however the quality of this product was disappointing. This shampoo does not lather well--actually I'd go so much to say it doesn't lather at ALL. The only way I can actually distribute it throughout my hair is to mix it with other shampoo-I've found it mixes well with head & shoulders. It has a funny smell to it--I find it bearable but my sister tried using it and was completely grossed out by the smell. It's really hard to wash out, and leaves your hair very coarse if not used with conditioner. I have to use 2x the conditioner I would normally use if I'm using this shampoo. However--this product did get good reviews so I will continue to use it for a month or two more and see if I see any improvement in growth/thickening.
I bought this shampoo so it could help me with Scalp Psoriasis because ive used tree oil in my hair to help with the psoriasis and it does work. This shapoo just dried my scalp even more and it flacked a lot. The tea tree oil shampoo did come on time. i would buy this shampoo again.
Smells a little strange - like Pinesol. I didn't notice any difference with my hair but it seems like this really works for some people.
This shampoo really dries out my hair.. to the point that I have trouble untangling it after the shower because it is so dry and knotted. Not what.  Expected. Very disappointed with product itself.
This didn't really cause my hair to appear thicker at all and it smells like pinesol. I would recommend a better smelling shampoo that actually does make hair appear a little thicker.
I bought the entire system of shampoo condition and oil. I didn't see any difference. Need to try some other stronger products.
I got that front bald thing going on slowly, but surely - where the corners leave first and start to meet in the middle.  This stuff lasted a good long time, but it didn't give me the lion's mane I expected from it.  I felt like using this for a week or so would leave me not only virile like a tiger all hopped up on Viagra in a candle shop, but what I got was minty/pine needle smelling hair.  It's really runny, too - like pouring that cheap dish soap that costs $1 per gallon but makes you think you're getting a bargain.  Maybe if you ingest some of this into the bloodstream or something it may work better (don't tell your parents I suggested it -- I'm ashamed that I feel I have to warn Americans about a joke these days, but that's what multiple choice testing has brought us to), but it certainly didn't do any better at reversing my balding forehead than a cheap $2 bottle of Suave could.
I used this product for months and found it excellent. Then my last order arrived confirming new formula. After the first wash I decided it would be my last, my hair was flat, dull and was soooo greasy, it was like my hair hadn't been washed in a week. Shame on the manufacturers...why fix something that's not broke...will not buy again.
I ordered mine off amazon and the merchant was Swanson Health products - Along with biotin d thickening shampoo I ordered another product and they both came in expired. Very shameless to see that Avalon didn't offer to ship out new product or Swanson Health, my shampoo was dated 2006!! It's 2011... why am I getting 5 year old product?Overall the shampoo worked similar to generic pantene pro-v 'thickening' bottle.Not happy with the expired product, and no offers for non expired product.
I'm pretty sure this product has helped other people.  Anyway it didn't work for me. The shampoo left my hair dry and so tangled that it took me almost 30 minutes and 3 different hair products to untangled it. I think it's not useful for my kind of hair. I have thin and dry hair. I gave it to my mother and she says it works ok.
While the shampoo smells great, it is lackluster in performance.  A regular size portion does not compete a single wash; it produces no lather at all, which isn't totally surprising for a low or no detergent shampoo, but seriously - it feels like washing with no shampoo at all.  The conditioner, which costs more, still leaves the hair feeling a bit stringy & certainly tangled.  Wouldn't buy this product again. I will save my pennies and go back to DermOrganics.
DOES NOT lather! Seriously! This stuff is like an anti lather solution! I have to use three times the normal amount just to get a semi descent lather. It is definitely not worth the buy!
The bottle is shaped weird. The shampoo made my hair more dry. I did not feel that it thickened my hair at all. Since I didn't get any positive results from it, I personally would not use it again.
I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics: Biotin B Complex Thickening SHAMPOO , 14 oz AND THE Conditioner AND USED IT DURING THE WHOLE 2012 AND NOT ONLY DID NOT THICKENED MY HAIR BUT IT MADE IT VERY DRIED.
A friend highly recommended this saying it helped her within a couple of weeks re: hair falling out. I'm not sure if she had a previous formula as others have mentioned, but it has not helped me a bit. In fact, I think I'm seeing more hair in the drain with this shampoo. I do have to lather up twice to feel like it's getting to all of my hair & it does have a rather medicinal smell. I really wanted this to work & am so sorry it didn't. I have very fine, dark blonde hair so it may just be that my hair is too delicate for the formula.
I started noticing my hair had a flat look.  A dull look. I do not process or color my hair in any way. Then I bought another conditioner to try, yes it definitely was the conditioner.
I waited longer than usual to receive this product and was disappointed to find they sent Awapuhi Mango instead of Biotin B Complex. This, in spite of the fact that I ordered correctly and the packing slip read "Biotin B Complex."
I went through about a half bottle of this product. I didn't notice any help with thickening my hair. And this shampoo dries out my hair and knot them up every single time.
I liked the fact that this product was light on my hair but other than that I haven't seen much of a difference yet. My hair still falling out :/
When I FIRST used this product I thought that it had maybe thickened my hair, but as other reviewers have said maybe this is placebo? Or maybe it really does work at first, then the effects lessen as time goes on? Anyway, I have used it for months and my hair/scalp health has not improved, I would even go as far as to say that it has worsened my dandruff. After I use this on my hair, I think it dries out my scalp, more dandruff comes out of my hair.I know the ingredients are all natural, but I have a feeling this product is hurting my hair health more than it is helping it.Head and shoulders leaves my hair/scalp feeling healthier overall than this product, and I am trying to get away from head and shoulders because it makes me dependent on it. If I stop using it my dandruff gets terrible! That can't be a good thing!
The smell of this conditioner is horrible. I did not notice any improvement in my hair either. So its not worth putting up with the odor.
It takes a pretty negative experience for me to write a 2 star review.  To me, this shampoo seemed too strong rather than moisturizing.  It seemed to dry my hair out.  I can't wait until I am done with the three bottles that comes with this order.  I have had a good experience with the lavender shampoo from this company, so I was surprised.
I ordered this item after trying the Jason biotin brand.  Been using over 3 weeks and haven't really noticed any improvement.  I still get a lot of hair coming out and no real increase in thickness. It does get a star for smelling a heck of a lot better than the Jason brand, though. Bottom line - I'll be saving my money and going back to "regular" brands.
I haven't bought this shampoo yet, but while all the raves about this shampoo almost made me buy this one, I somehow got suspicious about the good reviews (thought too good to be true). So I did some search about biotin and here's what wikipedia entry of biotin says:"Biotin is often recommended for strengthening hair and nails. Consequently, it is found in many cosmetics and health products for the hair and skin, though it cannot be absorbed through the hair or skin itself.Biotin deficiency is rare, as, in general, intestinal bacteria produce an excess of the body's recommended daily requirement. For that reason, statutory agencies in many countries, for example the USA and Australia, do not prescribe a recommended daily intake of biotin."If this is true, it's very likely that biotin contained in shampoos, conditioners (not just this one) won't do much for hair growth, thickening.
I purchased the shampoo and conditioner for my very fine hair. This product arrived very late and leaking through the box also dented. I am not crazy about the shampoo or conditioner. The shampoo left my hair feeling quite dry so I had to use the conditioner with it. It also has a very strong medicine type smell. I will stick to Dermorganics and John Masters.
Sadly, this shampoo has the distinction of smelling exactly like my current toilet bowl cleaning gel. If a fantastic smelling shampoo is as important to you as it is to me, I would steer clear.
this certainly does not thicken hair. it's very inexpensive so no big deal but I'll never use it again. also unattractive bottle. i'm sticking to my Shikai shampoo, also no animal testing and that is what i look for
I have been using this shampoo for about a month and it DOES NOT work.. I used to have a head full of hair but it's been couple of year my hair has been falling out so I decided to purchase this "organic" shampoo to stop my hair loss. So far I have not seen any results...My hair feels fresh after I wash it but it tangles a lot so I have started to lose more hair when I brush because I didn't get the conditioner. Also, my scalp has started to itch a lot more than before and I got semi-bumps on my scalp. I don't mind the smell but it dries your hair out and doesn't make your hair look fuller or thicker. I thought it would be a good choice as it says it is "organic" which contains Biotin but I was wrong. I'm very disappointed and I will not be buying this product again. I'm frustrated with my hair loss so I dont know what to use anymore. I might just go back to my regular pantene shampoo which I've been using it for years. I hope this review helped you guys. It didn't work for me.
I thought I might be able to use this product because it said ORGANIC  but something in it was not right, I had an allergic reaction to it and my dermatologist said stop using it.  So I'm back to the same old prescribed shampoo from the Dr.
I usually use natural shampoos. Sometimes natural stuff feels like a premium product and sometimes it just seems weak and ineffective. This product seems like the latter.It's great that it's natural, but it just doesn't seem like a quality product. The tee tree and essential oils are very subtle and lacking in potency. It takes a lot of this shampoo to get it to work up to a nice lather; much more is needed than other natural brands.EO Shampoo for Fine/Oily Hair, Rosemary & Mint, 8 fl oz (240 ml)is a great alternative; a natural brand that feels luxurious and packs a punch.
Well I have thin hair and i'm 21 which sucks. The smell reminds me of my dogs shampoo, it's strong but not bad. I have tried this for 4 weeks now and have not seen a difference. It dries my hair and always takes a lot of my hair. But the good news is that after I blow dry my hair it looks thicker and fuller. But  3 days  later it's back to my thin hair. I will give it a chance for 4 more weeks. I will give a second review
I bought this along with the conditioner. Both products dried out my hair a lot. I was disappointed in this since it is organic. Smell ok.
My hair thinning started when I was a teenager.  I tried literally EVERYTHING on the market (and I mean everything).  I had some hopes in this shampoo/conditioner...but, it's simply not working for me.  I've been using it for about 2 months now.  It makes my hair EXTREMELY DRY and my hair feels horrible to the touch.  No body, no volume, no softness no thickness to my hair...what so ever.  All these negative factors make my hair look even thinner.  The conditioner is absolutely horrible...you need extreme amounts of it JUST to feel like it's somewhat doing its job.  Literally leaves my hair more dry than shampoos alone and &#34;good luck&#34; brushing your hair out of the shower - tangle hell.  And for people who keep writing that it smells good...really?  It smells good?  WHO CARES!  We don't buy this for the smell, us desperate people buy it to regrow our hair!  I could live with this shampoo/conditioner if I knew for a fact that it forced new hair growth, but that I can't be certain as I'm also using Aveda hair revitalizer serum day/night.  I've seen baby hairs but I don't know if it's due to Aveda or this shampoo/conditioner.
I used this product for a few months and saw no difference.  In addition, my hair didn't feel as soft as with my regular shampoo and conditioner.
I only tried this because it was a good price through Amazon - plus I fell for the rave reviews.This shampoo makes my fair so soft, it just has no body or life. Makes the hair shine though.Cannot recommend. I'm going back to "Thicker Fuller Hair" shampoo.
I was so very disappointed with my purchase of the Avalon Thickening shampoo and conditioner. I had such high hopes, but in only two shampooings, my hair was noticeably stripped of oils, had that &#34;squeaky clean&#34; feeling you get when using a very harsh product, and it became dry and brittle. It started looking very dull. They use many ingredients that have an oil stripping effect on the hair, like orange oil and lemon oil. You might think because it says, 'oil' that it might add to your hair's shine, but these are ingredients in industrial strength degreasers. This product only damaged my hair. Avalon is only 70% organic and it had a rather unpleasant smell to me. Rather like mosquito repellant or dish soap. Using a harsh product like this is very detrimental for your hair. I know that a lot of people will be drawn to Avalon because of the low price, but if it drastically stripped my extremely oily hair in two shampoos, I can't imagine what it might do to yours. Although my hair is very fine, so perhaps ethnic girls, and women with coarser hair might benefit? I honestly wouldn't recommend it. I'd rather see people get something that will improve their self-esteem immediately, rather than give them new problems to worry about.In desperation I purchased the more expensive Just Naturals system for thinning hair and believe me, it blows Avalon out of the water. In just one shampoo my hair regained it's texture and became so silky it felt like Asian hair. I can't stop touching my hair now and I feel so much more confident. They use incredible ingredients that greatly benefit people with hair loss due to hormonal issues, or who have an increase in DHT. You do pay more than double for that shampoo, but having something that supports your hair, improves the texture, and smells fantastic, was worth it to me. I'm now quite confident in what I'm using and plan to go on using it, regardless of the cost. I'd pay 5x what I'm paying for it now, I love it so much. And their treatment spray is oil based. I use the system twice a day and I'm shocked at how long it is lasting. It has truly been an excellent investment.I would recommend that you shampoo and condition your hair twice a day if you want to see regrowth with any system. This is because one application of shampoo with DHT-fighting ingredients, can only do so much. Your body is constantly generating new hormones and new DHT. By helping to combat it twice a day, you have a better chance of seeing results sooner. This is coming from a 36 year old woman who has been fighting repeated hair loss due to hormonal imbalance from 16 on. Once a day just never cut it for me. Using a leave on treatment like Just Naturals has overnight, can also work wonders. I use it during the day too if I'm not going out.I hope this helps you recover your hair, and your self-esteem, a little faster and more efficiently. :o)
It is very thick almost like ricotta cheese. It doesn't come out of the bottle easily. I basically have to take off the top and squeeze it from the bottom. After that I usually put a plastic cap or 2 on then wrap it up for about an hour to condition it. When I rinse it I am so disappointed because it's not as hydrated as I would like. I have African American tight curled hair. I wanted a conditioner that was organic and moisturizing to hydrate my hair. This was a disappointment, and what is even more disappointing I bought the 3 pack.
I thought that this was going to be a plastic palette, but it is just pressed paper. While it might work for most people, from my professional standpoint I can not spray it down with alcohol to sanitize my shadows and the case between clients because I know over time it will cause the paper to degrade.
This product seems to work slightly, but Proactiv works much better on my face. Perhaps Proactiv doesn't work with you, which in that case you might want to try this, but you can get the same size bottles plus a free gift for only $20 with Proactiv. I spent $30, got the same size bottles and no free gift.
These aren't for people with oily skin. I mean, they are, but they aren't. Confused? Me too. I have moderately oily skin and bought these because I was looking for something to absorb my midday oil spill. When I first tried to used one of these little linens, it stuck to the oil on my face and tore as I attempted a simple wiping motion. When I looked at the scrap I was left with, I saw that while it had soaked up a little oil, it took some of my makeup with it. Because these were expensive, I've slowly been using them in vain. If you blot, they don't really do much. If you wipe gently, they absorb more oil, but if you're too oily, they stick and tear. If these were a dollar, I would get them. For ten dollars, I expect a lot more.
While this is a nice facial cream that feels smooth as it is applied, it contains neither sun screen for daytime use or retinol for a nighttime regimen (unless the chemist's list of ingredients is hiding something I don't understand). Considering the price, it should contain one or the other.  I would not recommend this product for long time use because of those lacks.
&#34;Deffinately beware! when i got this cleanser it did not have the seal of protection on it..i contacted the seller and they sent me a new bottle which i thought was great!..the new bottle also didnt have the protection seal on it..I have been using this product for a few months but the more i use it the more my face feels alittle rough ..i do not see any improvement despite using this with its facial moisturizer...I find it hard to belive these are legit aminogenesis products! Ofcourse im not positive about this but i did read a review from someone stating that these products do not have the same scent as others...who knows just beware..as for me im willing to pay a few extra bucks for all my beauty products from now on..as i have been reading many reviews about sellers not selling the real thing..then we wonder why they give us great deals!! Hopefully others will have a better experience with these product...(the moisturizer itself burns when i apply it right after the shower...and leaves my skin reddish looking..i could just be having a bad reaction but i've used countless of products and never had a problem with any as i did this moisturizer :(
I was really excited when I found this on Amazon for this price. Better than my daughter, a licensed beautician who can buy it wholesale, can get it for. It says new and improved and looking forward to see how it could be better than the gold label one. I used that for years and never could find anything that came close to it. After putting it on skin felt so natural no leftover film feel.  Enjoyed the light scent of it. Got this in two days and first thing I did was wash my face and hands. Tried it on my left cheek and my old one on the right cheek using left and right hand. First thing I noticed was the sealed cardboard and no plastic disk to reuse. Second the smell was not pleasant at all.  Not real offensive but not like I was putting something special on my face. Third on the left side with new product it left a very fine artificial film feel on my face, not heavy or a lot just enough I could feel it. Checked my face three hours later still had a artificial film feel to the left side. Returned new product and went online and found some of the old ones in gold label left. Checked with Aminogenesis about expiration dates on their product and there aren't any and it is safe to use. Yes it cost more but well worth it.
Maybe greasy hair should avoid this product in the first place. Hair turned into greasy strands after applying even a small amount and thorough rince. Now in addition to hair loss it looks like i haven't washed hair for days. Not the best look. Strange how it worked wonders on others
while there are a lot of good things in this product, and i really wanted to try it, i can't bring myself to use it. i've been searching for all natural products, and making my own as well. the product description doesn't list the actual ingredients, and i think that should mandatory for all online marketplaces. the main ingredient is vegetable oil, number two is mineral oil, which i don't want on my body at all, then a few good things, then a few more bad things, and a few bad dyes and things. i can't speak to the efficacy of the product, because i didn't try it, but if you're looking for an all natural, plant-based product, this is not it
I was a little disappointed because the 2nd ingredient listed is mineral oil. It has a smell, but they recommend you apply it @ night, the odor disipates by the morning. I a few drops in hot oil treatments, just to use because I paid for it. The rest of the oils listed are beneficial, but the mineral oil makes me a little weary.
it leaves my hair really dry, and every time i use it my hair gets weak and it is breaking a lot more than before. i have naturally texturized hair
This product (and others in the line) are the most overpackaged items I've ever bought. It's not a miracle cream, but it's better than average. I would consider buying it again if it weren't so wasteful. For .5 oz you buy an enormous dispenser and unnecessary packaging.
I must have very sensitive eyes, because I am having a negative reaction to this product. I used Clinique and L'Oreal and Estee Lauder eye makeup remover without issue, but for some reason with this product, my eyes itch, water for several hours, and just generally feel swollen and uncomfortable. I thought at first that it was just because I changed product, but I've been using it for over a week now, and sadly, my eyes continue to be red and irritated. It does easily remove all of my eye makeup, so in that regard, it works well and does what it's supposed to, but it causes such irritation, I cannot continue to use the product.
Lady in the shop strongly recommended it, so I took her word for it. Turns out it's only a remover for regular make-up, NOT WATERPROOF. It doesn't say that on the bottle anywhere. I use Mac eyeliner, and it doesn't take it off at all... it merely smears it. Be sure to buy it only if your make-up is waterproof. Otherwise, yes, it's gentle. And the remover foams if you rub it for a while... you can basically use it to take off your foundation, too.
Love the product but question the quality from the seller.  My bottle had tape around it and was way more watery than previous bottles I purchased at The Body Shop.
I was excited to try this eye makeup remover, but it did not work very well for me. It would cause my eyes to itch a lot and become red. I always use eye drops before bed and in the mornings because I wear contacts. After using this, I would use the eye drops to relieve the redness, but it would make my eyes itch even more. Very uncomfortable. So I will not be buying it again.
The Chi Silk Infusion that you can purchase in the store is different than what was sent to me. The Chi in the store has a light amber tint to it and this stuff is clear. The Chi in the store has a great scent to it and this stuff has no scent. I'm not saying that this doesn't work, but it is not the same. I love the Chi in the store and will only buy it there from this point forward. Disappointed & hope that no one else is hoping for the same product, buys and is let down.
I have only tried to use this a couple of times as it is hard not to spill all over.  It is VERY watery and does not lather.  I didn't notice any difference in my hair after using the shampoo +conditioner +maximizing volume spray.
I found this shampoo to be less thick than Phytonectar and just doesn't add the same amount of moisture.  Also, my hair needed more of the shampoo to actually wash my hair, thus the bottle did not last long (less than a month).
Got this product for the deal but when it came it was pretty much watery. Not at all like when I ordered from Sephora.
The package came and it had been opened before.  The shampoo is very thin and does not seem like the phyto products I've used before.
very diluted product and the volume supplied is expensive for the priceI may have received a bad bottle of the product -- not sure about that
I had a sample of this from Sephora and I loved it.  However I think the bottle I purchased on amazon was either old or someone used half of it and refilled it with water.  It was watery and did not have the same consistency as what I had experienced previously.
First, we don't buy personal care products with parabens or ALSs.  Second, all I really use conditioner for is detangling, not just me, but my daughters too, though my husband uses it for scalp conditioning I guess too.We had been using Dessert Essence Organics Red Grape conditioner for years, I actually preferred the apple in hopes it might actually plump up my hair, but my husband liked the red grape conditioner better, not sure why, and he liked the red grape shampoo too, and that was the shampoo we used.Then one day we opened a new tube of the conditioner and my husband and I noticed right away that it was really runny, we thought, well, it is made in small batches it must just be one of the variances, but then after I was done showering I noticed I could not get the comb through my hair.  I thought it was a fluke, so the next time I used a larger quantity of conditioner, didn't make a difference, so the next time i used a ton of conditioner, again, could not comb through my hair.  When we bathed the girls it was the same thing, we could not comb their hair and there was a lot of tears.  We quit using the tube and noticed there were differences in the packaging, so we went to the store and bought whatever Dessert Essence Organics conditioners we could find with the old packaging.  I also e-mailed the company to ask if there had been a change in the formula, and the company said they had changed the formula, on all three of the DEO conditioners.  I ended up finding some old formula on eBay and bought a bunch, when it is gone I do not not what to do.All I can to Dessert Essence is POORLY DONE and you've lost a good regular customer.
I have purchased this product twice, locally, and won't buy it again. I am sorry that I didn't read the ingredient list prior to the second purchase, when the logo was slightly different.Not only does the new formula make my hair feel different, in a bad way, it also makes my scalp feel as though it's on fire. After reading up on phenoxyethanol I'm done buying their products.
Instead take a few minutes to voice you helpful dissatisfaction on these sites, or best, take the damn product back to or mail it back to the store where things get cheaper in make, less in quality, and more in cost laughing at us all ? Another idea is to request reimbursement for your return postage or gas reimbursements while your at it. Why shouldn't it be included? Their cost increases  are included in the prices we shell out.Most folks would fall off their chairs pand expire, if  revealed screwball requests granted to repeatNucleAr customers of a particular upscale store. If it was known how these same group of scandalously customers and their enormous, false sense of entitled  balls to request, and are granted, several times a year from an upscale, well known department  store that rhymes with Groomingsnail's. youand it got 'em where it hurts the most. Don't return without "the hassle" of a complaint. Return, complain, write (email) to the store/manufacturer - start the letter at home and finish it in line or traffic, letting manufacturers know your a loyal customer for years, but because they've cheapened their product, we work too damn hard to be played like a banjo! Let them know you plan to change brands. Many folks would choke on their Hamburger helper knowing what the filthy rich threaten to do monthly when they try to return products without a receipt or proof on their store charge. However a big and plain as their nose, without doubt, a price sticker and UPC from a store which sounds like  XMart -sticker and all on a cheap as ever  electrical, they swear was bought at the store I managed which rhymned with Groomingsnail's. If they requested double off in cas, a free lunch, and their (golf) balls washed, it was done. All the more reason I LOVE these  sites to vent, share experiences, and rate and comment products and services until the cows cone home. They are better than the days of "Consumer Report". A fine publication but available by subscription only, if I'm not mistaken, back in the year of the flood. I must go, another cow is at my back door, probably quite famished.
I love Organics Coconut Shampoo and Conditioner, so I was very surprised to discover how greasy this Red Raspberry conditioner (and even the shampoo!) made my hair. I tried using less and less product, but I couldn't make it work for me. As soon as my hair dried after showering, I could tell how weighed down it was; it was really gross. I switched back to the Coconut one, and I like that one so much better.
Didn't care for this product, but I LOVE the shampoo.  The conditioner was too greasy for me and didn't smell as nice as the shampoo.  If you have VERY dry hair, you might like it.
It doesn't work at all, but it smells good. The only problem is that the scent doesn't last for very long. It's not really worth it to buy in my opinion
Meh, smells like sweet grapes or something, and my husband still sleeps on his own side of the bed. No special attention at work either, unless I wear a v-neck top, at least.
It has a sweet smell of grapes, but it doesnt do anything to attract women. It smells like grapes that is it.
I was hoping this would be a nice smell, but it gave me awful headache within minutes after putting it on. Way too sweet and too powdery smell. Do not like it and do not see any changes in my man's reaction to me. Doing fine without it.
I wanted something to give me the edge in social settings but this was not it it smells good but thats about it
I wanted something that was like the Pure Romance sex attract but cheaper. It's close enough except the smell fades really fast and I don't think any one can smell it on me. So now I use it in my vacuum :)
Pure instinct pheromone cologne. This oil has a light scent. Not sure if the pheromones work so I can't comment on that.  Shipping was fast.  Not sure if I would recommend or buy again.
ok, i bought this pheromone and another pheromone called Pherazone, so I'm comparing the two here. I've only wore this fragrance one time so far.1. the fragrance smells ok and is priced well. it's a light flowery fragrance that seems to mask another scent that i can't quite describe. the scent is not too strong or overbearing after applied. My boyfriend didn't comment on it, when i wore it and i put a lot  on.2.There's oil in it, so you should be careful not to get it on your clothes like i did.3. the whole pheromone thing- when i first applied it, it put me in a great mood. After a while, i got a slight head-ache (i never get head-aches), but it might be because i put a lot on. i didn't notice any more attention from people than i usually get and no less either. Something amazing did happen to me when i wore it. My boyfriend's dog went ballistic and even tried to lick the fragrance off of me right between my boobs which was usual for this dog. I'm 100% positive the dog reacted to the fragrance :)
I bought this product to spice up my love life with my husband and to be completely honest with you it doesn't work. there was no difference at all really. so please please please save your money and don't even bother buying this product. something like this you know is too good to be true and it ends up being a waste of time and money.
The cologne smells good but i have not had any of the effects as everyone else has said they have.
The scent is pretty nice, very light. It seems to disappear after a while though. And the pheromone thing doesn't seems to work on the opposite sex but while I can smell it , it makes me feel good.
Just wasn't my cup of tea.. The lid wouldn't stay on and leaked all over my purse, it just didn't generate the smell on me that I liked. Not to say it wouldn't be fine for others, but just not for me.
This product was reviewed very highly, and sells for triple if you go through the passion parties....I just don't like it. It smells very floral. It didn't suddenly turn my husband into some sex-crazed, ravenous, love-starved fool. I didn't tell him I bought it, and he didn't notice. He never once said &#34;Wow! You smell great! Come hither!!&#34; I think maybe my expectations were a wee bit too high, lol.
Not impressed at all it wears off quickly and you have to already have them on top of you to smell anything. If there already that close you don't need it.
This fragrance has a sickeningly sweet smell that also smells like another woman's vagine.  Did they extract the pheromones from an actual human?  Not very pleasant for me to be honest plus I was overcharged for the item and the vendor was not cooperative in getting me reimbursed.  Not good!
This is a great product to prove a placebo effect :) on some ... it even spoils my expensive perfume to smell cheap, so what if its placebo, working for you :) enjoy... Haha!!!
When I got this in the mail I was so excited to put it on before my husband got home from work to see if it would work. I put ALOT of it on...so it would hopefully be noticeable and it would cause him to be more attracted to me. Well, I put it on and I did not notice a change in my mood, or any slight reaction (with myself) to the cologne. I thought, &#34;maybe men are more sensitive to pheromones&#34;. The smell is fruity, and it does smell good. I did notice after wearing it, it seems to wear off in an hour or two. As soon as he got home, I rushed to him to kiss him and everything was just the same. He went to change clothes, came back to have dinner, and then just started watching TV. I even tried getting close to him while watching TV to see if he would come onto me or anything. The only thing I noticed is maybe it made him flip the channels faster...that's it!
Well, I don't know if it is the cologne's fault or mine- I might not have any pheromone receptors, which is quite a sorry theory- but I couldn't smell a thing when I put it on!! When my husband came home, he just said he was tired and went to bed early! My dog still slept with me and seemed to love me as much (but no more than usual), but she is a female, too (although spayed).  So what can I say?? I don't know what kind of doctor to go to in order to check whether I have pheromone receptors, but life is good as it is, so I won't pursue any further avenues. I'm just kind of disappointed.I'm also disappointed that my reviewer rating is 387,000+ probably out of 400,000; so please say you like me!
Ok, if a bit floral smell wise, but I have been using it for 6 plus weeks and no change in men approaching me!
I used this product for several years in my twenties. Now I'm in my thirties and had not bought it in a while, so I decided to order a bottle. The product still smelled the same when I opened the bottle and smelled the same on me. However, I'm thinking I either got a bad/contaminated bottle or they've changed some of the ingredients. My friend ordered some the same day I did and had the same reaction, so it really could just be a bad batch, but we were so upset. This has the sweetest fruity and enticing smell on both of us, but now we smell like cortisone.....since we both had to go to the dermatologist and get a shot and some cream for our face, neck and hands!I hate giving this a bad review, because I used to love it so much. I know our bodies change with age, so that could have something to do with it, but the doctor said that if it really was my body, the product wouldn't smell the same, so again, either a bad batch, or they've added an ingredient.
I don't like the smell
I bought this product after reading something about pheromones and decided to try it. All the reviews said that if nothing else, the smell was amazing. I guess so, if you like smelling like a bowl of weak fruit ( kind of grapey actually). And men definitely didn't act any different when I had it on ,so if you're buying it for that, my research shows that it's not that type of thing. So, if you want to spend nine dollars on a tiny ounce of oil, by all means do it- because that's all you're getting. Plus the bottle is kind of cute I guess, so that's a benefit.
Once I received my Pure Instinct Pheromone Cologne in the mail, I decided-- a little later than was practical, perhaps-- to look online for reviews from other users of the product to see if it was really as good as the manufacturer's claims. Nearly every review I found, from individuals posting on here, bloggers on their sites, and articles reviewing pheromone oils, said that this oil is a joke. They said that it smelled pretty, but that as far as being effective, it does not contain enough pheromone oil to be capable of performing on the level that it claims (you'll notice if you do purchase the bottle that it does not list the ingredients, nor are they posted anywhere on its website. On the site they claim that they've had many other companies try to "knock off" their formula of blended "synthetic human pheromones," so they have to keep that a secret from the public*). From the information I gathered, I had a fairly biased opinion against Pure Instinct, but as I'd already bought the stuff, I thought I'd give it a chance nonetheless.Because I'm not the type to really "mingle," and the thought of going into a club or particularly a bar and being hit on by some guy because he's turned on by my smell more than creeps me out, I picked two friends of mine, one of whom I've been seeing for some time in beneficial ways. To make a long story short, I would secretly apply the PIPC before seeing either man without any other perfume or cologne (the smell is very lovely on its own, with a watery, very synthetic-sweet note reminiscent of Seven-Up or a light energy drink; the fragrance does not linger at all in the nasal passages, but will last on the skin for a while, allowing one to continue to pick it up).In any case, the results were that the one whom I'd been seeing with benefits had absolutely no response to it whatsoever; I even wondered if he noticed it and was turned away by it, as before he'd been all over me all the time, yet during the period when I was wearing it he hardly touched me. However, the OTHER man did get more friendly and flirty with me just a couple times while I wore it, and even asked me one time (because I work with essential oils) if I was making aphrodisiac blends with my essential oils, something I'd mentioned doing long before. I had said nothing to him about wearing this oil, and he said that! So clearly, it has something to it, but I believe it takes a man extremely sensitive to subtle tones of pheromones to catch on to it, and-- at least in my case-- I think most women's natural ones are probably more efficient than what I paid for here.*If you wish to check out their website, you can find them at Jelique.com
I figured the sticks would be a little strong, but they snap with the smallest pressure ;((. Regular quips seem stronger to me.
This is not better than previous Remington shavers.  The on off button is small and to the side, inconvenient.The cap, head, is very difficult to remove to clean out.
These little sticky things WERE sticky enough to hold without anything embarrassing going on.  However, unless you have JUST THE RIGHT HAIRSTYLE, these are going to show!  I don't have that hairstyle.  They would have stayed in place, but I couldn't wear them out of the house.  One step out of the house with any breeze whatsoever, and these things were exposed.
THIS PRODUCT WAS OK..BUT I SHOULD HAVE GIVEN IT MORE OF A CHANCE AND DIDN'T
Someone is giving deceptive information about the Imju Fiberwig mascara.  I have tried everything on the market and this one can't compare to the lowest price mascaras on the market!  Don't waste your money on this one.  The one nice thing is that it does come off with water and doesn't flake but my lashes don't look any fuller/thicker.  I have put multiple layers on and I still can't get the look they claim!  Lash Perfection by MAX (waterproof) does a better job.  If you want to spend more money DIORSHOW WATERPROOF mascara is much better than Imju Fiberwig mascara.
The Imju Fiberwig Mascara has too many little specks and NOT for people wearing contact lenses.
this product didn't deliver how i hoped.  i use it in combination with dior show and it didn't make much of a difference if i just used the dior show on it's own.  in addition, it's very difficult to take off with eye make up remover. i'll use the rest of the product, but i won't purchase it again.
I have used this for about a month now.  I have fine color-treated curls.  I found the product to be ok at first, but it has dried my hair out more than I would have expected.  It does make for nicely defined curls until the product dries and you touch your hair.  Dry and frizzy is the result of touching.  I was looking for something which would define my curls and not dry the out.  This is not the product.
I bought this, expecting it to hold my curl in. But it doesn't work, at least not with my hair. So I was quite disappointed after trying it. However, it's light and not greasy at all and has a pleasant smell. And it made my hair feel really soft. I did like those qualities about this product -- I just wish it would hold the curl in! I tried using just a little and then alot, but that made no difference; my curls still went flat. The pump is handy too, but I can't give it a higher rating per my curl, or the lack of, especially with the price of this product.
I expect better results given all the great reviews but I really don't like this product  and regret spending $$ on yet one more products that didn't perform.  Sticking with Deva Curl gel which does give awesome curls.
Was hoping that this product would help the extreme dryness and wrinkles that were developing , but unfortunately, it did not.  In fact, if you have very sensitive skin, I would first recommend that you use very little of it, to see how your skin reacts to it.
This item was not what I expected--it is very flowery and strong.  I read the reviews that said it was light and clean but I found it too be too strong for my taste.  I am returning this perfume.
If your hair dryer is small and really light weight it will probably be of great convenience -- hands free -- however when using slightly smaller than average size hair dryer, the neck bends - it will not hold the dryer in place.  I tried all kinds of fixes but none worked.
Despite all of the rave reviews, Revitol did nothing for me. I applied it several times to my legs, once for upwards of 20 minutes using a thicker spread than other depilatories I've used and still it did nothing to remove hair. Perhaps it just doesn't work for me; others sound like they are having success. If it matters, I am biologically male, so my leg hair may be a bit thicker. But Revitol claims that this stuff works equally on both sexes.
Order was for Facial Cleansing Pillows, and what arrived was an item that you use with a machine. Rather than pay for return shipping, I have kept the items and will make them work somehow.
After reading the reviews for this product, I decided to buy it and try it for myself. I'm 24 years old and I rarely had acne as a teenager, but I've been having some problems these past few years. I tried proactiv and I noticed a difference but I wasn't completely satisfied with the results. I started using Loreal about 1 month ago and at first (after the 3rd day or so) I thought it was getting better-hopeful wishing-but then it just went downhill. I still continued to use it thinking that it might work if I give it some time and follow the exact instructions but after 3 weeks I gave up. My acne is even worse and I have acne in places that I've never had before (jaw area). It might work for some people but unfortunately it didn't work for me. If you have the money and are desperate to find something that works, I recommend trying it out for 2-3 weeks. It might work for you or it might not. A shot in the dark if you ask me.
This product may work for some but with my complexion my skin turned slightly orange. After using for about a week, my husband suggested I stop using it because my skin was turning orange. When others notice, then you know your skin does not look naturally sun-kissed. I discontinued this product immediately.
I spent an embarrassing amount of time searching for a sunless tanner for fair skin. I'm a redhead with ghostly pale, freckled and pinkish skin, and I've seen and heard too many horror stories of spray tan disasters. After looking in local stores, I could only find products for Fair to MEDIUM skin tones, which are unacceptable for me. This lotion appeared to have the best reviews for the best price. I agree with previous reviews that it does smell like soy sauce. OMG AWFUL!!!! But soy sauce is such an accurate description of the smell that oozed from my pores for the hour or so I waited for it to dry. The shimmer was too much for me. I'm so desperate to get rid of my racerback lines that I would have been willing to overlook these flaws. However, after my first application (I followed all directions), I turned orange and had major streaking. I'm giving it two stars because it faded quickly with showers and because it's not L'Oreal's fault that my skin is not suited for sunless tanning. However, I would love to know if they develop a ginger sunless tanning line...?
Loved this  product but after a few weeks my skin became very dry. Not recommended for a sensitive skin . It also has a strong  fragrance.
I only like the feel of the polish when I use it - It has a way too strong smell that is not as nice; nor is it as nice as your lavender polish was - The lavender was the best I have used ever.
like the design detail, the adaptability, bottle holder, etc but for something that is going to get wet the material rusted within a week
I don't necessarily know if my acne is stress related but I figured it couldn't hurt to try Neutrogena's new Stress Control acne face wash as I've tried at least a dozen other products out there. Containing cucumber and green tea, both of which are ingredients people frequently use for facial treatments, it seemed like a good product. Plus, the light green colour reminded me of spa treatments and the soft cucumber scent was refreshing. Unfortunately, I really found this product to be average at best.While I didn't have any major break outs while using this product, I found that my type of acne seemed to change from normal pimples to the tiny, painful whiteheads and even some blemishes that seemed to ever refuse to actually surface. Whatever the "Microclear" technology is which is supposed to be in this product, it is too small for me to see it.And while the package claims that it will reduce stress and strain on your face, I wasn't sold. This didn't help to battle and my skin seemed to become super sensitive and red when I went home. Granted, the weather was colder and dryer but I was definitely seeing more of a reaction than I would expect from a 'soothing' facial wash. On the other hand, the scent was really soothing even if it only lasted the duration of my shower. I think that my skin felt refreshed after washing but perhaps it was mostly in my mind and due to the scent.I found Neutrogena Oil-Free Acne Stress Control Power-Clear Scrub to be a little thick and I'm not overly fond of things being in my face wash. The tiny scrubbing beads weren't abrasive but occasionally annoying.One plus I noticed, was that my skin didn't seem to become really oily. I frequently experience oily skin in the morning but this was not a problem with Neutrogena Oil-Free Acne Stress Control Power-Clear Scrub.Over time, I noticed that my skin did become more oily, however. I was also breaking out more often and the skin on my face became uncomfortable so I quickly headed to the store to replace my face wash with something actually effective.Overall, I cannot say anything more about this mediocre product. It smells great but maybe wasn't the product for me. If you experience a lot of acne which you believe to be stress related, I might try it out; otherwise, step in another direction.
I bought this before vacation "in case of a sunburn".  Well, the burn happened but the spray didn't help.  It feels good going on, but the relief is temporary and did not provide the moisture my skin needed.  When you look at the ingredients #3 is alcohol...not such a good thing for burned, dehydrated skin.  We ended up buying an aloe gel at the gift shop and I feel much better!
This powder is the most drying thing I've ever used on my face. It absorbs oil but doesn't do much for acne. If you have pimples and normal to dry skin, I recommend the buffering lotion by the same company. It penetrates your skin and it's liquid so it's not as drying... however, it will also dry out your skin if you're not careful. Do not use this powder if you have any dry skin or it will make your skin literally flake and look awful. Make sure you moisturize under this if you choose to buy it.
This is the first Dr Denese product I've used that I do NOT love. This cream is extremely greasy and sticky--something I've never encountered with a Dr Denese product. The cream didn't go onto my skin easily and felt very greasy. This product simply stayed on top of my skin and didn't absorb into my skin. In addition, it has a strong medicinal scent. I use many of Dr Denese products and will continue to do so, but this one is not for me!
not sure what happened to the cream - i used to buy this cream for winter months when the skin need something a little heavier at night. Last time i bought this product, it had a very unpleasant smell and wouldn't absorb like it used to - was i sold a spoiled product? Used to love it, it was so moisturizing and felt so nice on my skin. I wont' buy it any more.
I'd like to think Smashbox makes a good product line. I've ordered many of their products and they have wonderful offers sometimes that is a buy something get something free. Anyway, the older I get and the busier I get, the less time I have to fiddle with my makeup. Most times I don't wear it because I'm fair skinned and personally, I can pull off the natural look. But there are still occasions I wanna punch it up a little and play with the eyes especially. I have big green eyes and full lips and thought a primer would aid in keeping my makeup intact whilst I played late night pool with the boyfriend or out to a movie and dinner, etc...Unfortunately, this particular product didn't work as well as I would have hoped. It was difficult to apply, wasn't easy or creamy more like scrubbing a crayon into my eyelid to get the stuff to get on there. I will say the neutral tone was nice but once I started layering on my shadow it made my brushes tacky and clumpy so blending was hard. Long story short, if it went on easier and cleaner it would be a better product. Otherwise, my shadow did last a little while longer, but not enough to warrant spending nearly $30 for something that isn't going to meet up to it's reputation. I've since moved onto Urban Decays Potion (I got a free sample of it when I ordered something from Ulta.com) in hopes it'll meet the need I have.
product is good, especially as foundation/moisturizer base for my dry skin in Chicago winter.  seller "Cyber Scents", however, sent 3 x.33oz sample tubes instead...  (so the rating is the average of product 4 stars, amazon QE and seller each 1 star)
This is very oily!  The oil never really dried down and was terribly messy.
I've been looking for a more natural & cruelty free SPF. I used to use the &#34;No-Ad&#34; (walmart)  SPF 15 & and it works very well ~ I also buy the SPF 30 for a beach day. I just wanted a product that was better for my skin (& CF).  I've only used this once ~ I spent about an hour or so @ the pool. I applied this prior to exposure & once again while sitting next to the pool. I was surprised by how burned I got! It doesn't seem like SPF 15 to me...? Anyway, I purchased another brand that I've used a few years ago so I could protect my already burned skin & the rest of me (since I was on vacation). This product smells nice but didn't work for me. I haven't used it again but will probably use it in conjunction with another product just to make sure I don't burn. I'm disappointed I really wanted to love this product. Alba Botanica does carry other SPF products so I might give another one a try ~ maybe a lotion (not an oil) with a higher protection factor. I was happy to be getting a CF product but if it doesn't protect my skin what's the point. :(
The spray nozzle on this bottle does not work very well so that not much product comes put when you try to spray.  And it does not spray out evenly or consistently.  What makes me really unhappy about this product is that it is not at all moisturizing (I know it is a DRY oil). I am also not really confident in this products SPF properties.  But it does smell nice even though the fragrance does not like linger.
The size if these pads is listed as "medium", if these are medium then "small" must be the size of a q-tip.Not only are these pads small - they are practically dry.
It works decently for a natural children's product, for a little while anyway. After an hour, my daughter's wavy hair is a frizzy mess again.
I used this lotion at the beginning of my pregnancy and it was very annoying to use. I did not see any firming, and the pump wasn't any good. Soon after purchasing my first tube the pump stopped working and I had to break the bottle just to get the product out. Pregnancy was hard enough without having to break bottles to retrieve product. This was not for me!
I could see no noticeable results or difference. Smells nice, though. For the price I would not purchase this product again.
I've been using this for a month--sometimes twice a day, but so far I have noticed absolutely no difference :(.  I am sad I purchased this.  At least it smells delicious and citrusy!
I'm not sure whose idea it was to make a strongly scented product for pregnant women. I'm sure this is a quality product, but as it turns out, I can't use it without also turning my stomach. It sits forlornly on my bathroom vanity, open but unused. Every time I put it on, I retch, and immediately have to wash it off. This defeats the purpose of the product!I wouldn't buy this again. If I could, I'd take it back.
I was hoping to have seen some results that this product promised, but it's actually nothing special. Just seems like a normal lotion. And the scent some people are claiming to be sooo good makes me feel nautious.
I bought this product along with the Mama mio stretch mark oil and had to stop using them both because they have such a strong, musky, overbearing scent. I loved the consistancy and soft feeling it gave my skin but i just could not stand the stong smell. It made me nausious even in my second trimester. For a company that makes products geared towards pregnant women, you would think they would know not to use such strong fragrances.
I love this powder, and ordered the larger container this time. I had a very hard time opening the square container. I finally just left the lid off. Back to the smaller round one for me.
I like the powder, however it was open and obviously had been to someone else. Didn't care to do the hassle of sending it back, same with the lotion and shower gel I ordered.  I will be buying beauty products at a regular store in the future.
I have always been very pleased with this product.  I would literally see results overnight when I put a tiny bit of gel on a zit.  However, when I recently ordered two more tubes of the stuff, they arrived in record time but were EMPTY.  Both tubes!  I immediately contacted the seller by phone as well as through Amazon.Good news:  my money was refunded the very next day, and the customer service was excellent.  Bad news:  the guy who contacted me checked the Men's Direct warehouse and found all their remaining tubes were empty as well.  I recommend ordering from aMENity directly, to (hopefully) ensure quality product.  Not sure why the tubes were empty... quality control issue, or perhaps the gel somehow dried up?  Anyway, for the price it's worth it because it works, but of course that's only if the gel is there in the first place!
I did as directions said but it only was usable for a few weeks. I loved the product itself, if it could last longer.
Tried this and it works but does not last for an entire month. More like 2 weeks. Secondly, is it sustainable to spend this much money every two weeks? Of course not. Great if you have a party to go to and your chest is looking crab appleish and you have a few weeks to tweak it but not for long term reconditioning.
they were okay. it works but its really gross to look at after using it for a few nights and i would wash it but it still didnt seem to clean off very well. looking for another alternative.
I can see how this product would be great if it wasn't so expensive and the stickiness didn't rub off within the first week.  I was extremely careful to put the pad on a clean, dry area as recommended.  Not all of the stickiness rubbed off but the top half was useless after the first week.
Great concept for preventing chest wrinkles.  The adhesive made my skin break out and itch.  I would not recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
I have ordered these before and been very very pleased.This particular one I am not the least happy with.It doesn't stick around the edges and often times comes partially un pealed.
It kept falling off! Then when I actually got it to stay it would crinkle up! It was annoying. ugh
In spite of following the directions regarding how best to clean the pads, and being sure to keep them away from anything containing oil, the adhesive barely lasted two weeks. This is far shorter than their advertised 30 days.Clearly, this was too short a time to determine their effect on my wrinkles. However, given their cost and that they didn't last anywhere near as long as advertised, I won't be re-ordering them.
This product does produce "some" results, although very short term.  The problem I found was that the discomfort of wearing the patches were far more than the end result.  Perhaps good to use before a special event.  For me, definitely not an every night ritual.
Doesn't work all that great.  It takes a little bit of the wrinkles, but you can still see them.  The other one I had worked better.
This product has great potential, but falls short. After using it less than a week I found that as I would lay on my side one side would come off and peel down.  My hair would get caught in it and it was a big mess.  I followed all of the care instructions because I really wanted it to work, but it never fully stuck for me. Not worth the price! Hopefully one day they can develop one that actually sticks, maybe disposable ones.
The pad bubbled and didn't lay flat as I slept.  If you're thinking of purchasing this, keep looking. Skip this item.
The pad works, but it loses adhesiveness really fast. My first one lasted about 2 weeks, second - a week and the third one just few days. I'm looking for alternatives
I like it for about three days but after that the edges stop sticking to my skin, and this is even with washing my chest thoroughly and even drying it thoroughly and letting it air dry for at least 10 mins before using it. I bought like 4 of these in a row and then got tired of losing money like this so I finally I relented and bought the Intima breast pillow which has lasted me more than a year now and is working. Probably not like a silicone sheet would because those stick directly on your skin (before they lose their stickiness that is) but it does keep the &#34;twins&#34; apart and is very comfortable once you get the right fit (adjusting the straps).
I had high hopes for this product - perhaps that's why I'm disappointed. I'm a side sleeper and despite trying to train myself to sleep on my back, I inevitably would turn in the night. My chest wrinkles started becoming apparent last year when I was 37. The product does seem high quality and as described. You apply the product at night, making sure your chest is clean, dry, and lotion free. The adhesive seems strong. But when I wore it in the night, I found it was itchy - not a reaction to the adhesive but because it was slightly tugging on my skin when I was on my side. I just can't see wearing it every night in that condition. I feel like if it were thinner, perhaps it wouldn't be as uncomfortable. I also delayed buying this because I thought the price was a little high - if you used this regularly, you'd end up buying 10-12 per year, which would be upwards of $300/year. Right now, I've resorted to wearing a sports bra with socks in a bunched ball in the middle to keep the girls separated at a night. Works okay. I might have to resign myself to chest wrinkles (which is particularly frustrating because my non-augmented chest is small).
The pads didn't stick at all, even after following the manufacturer's instructions to a T.  Consistently using a scrub and good moisturizer will be much more effective...
I followed all the instructions and nothing.  I recommend Pravana Biojen9 products because they worked for me.  The Revivogen was a waste of money for me.
I certainly was not satisfied with this product. at least for me, it did not make any difference. I would not purchase it again.
It worked for about a month of use; however, it does not work AT ALL afterwards. I'm also wondering if it actually makes my acnes worse these days.. SAD because I thought I found the solution, but my journey continues.
If you expect dramatic or even undramatic results, don't bother. I really didn't notice a difference in fine lines or the texture of my skin.
Having been recommended this by a dermatologist's office for help with my dark under eye circles, I bought this with reservations (there's no such thing as a miracle product, right?). I have been very dedicated with this stuff, using it morning and night, and cannot say I see any notable difference, even after three month's use. The product does go a long way, but it hasn't done anything for me. I should have saved myself the money, because hope doesn't come in a bottle (or a vial, as it were).
So I'm not trying to convince you into or out of this product, just letting you know my experience:I bought it from Target and they had a tester which I applied to my hand, it looked and felt niceI bought it home and tried it under: powder, liquid and creme foundation and what I realized is that this product is not a good primer.Why:-It feels like you're applying clay on you face!-It doesn't matter how much lotion you put on, it dries up your face and makes the foundation look cakey = worst of all is: it doesn't cake your make up right away, it takes its time to do it... on more than one occasion I had completed my foundation/concealer regimen then had to wash it all off and start again (needing to use another primer altogether) because this base takes its time and dried up everything.-If using as an eye makeup primer: I have really nice pigmented eye shadows and using other primers I get luminous colors, but this primer did not do my shadows justice.-Lastly, its not a gel, it's white, and even though it goes on your skin looking invisible, it does alter your foundation color and makes it look a bit chalky (the color it self, not talking about texture).I gave it 2 stars because: I figure if you are using it alone (no foundation/concealer) it can be a great mattifier, said to be non-comedogenic but seeing as it goes on like clay, it can very well be clogging your pores &lt;IDK, didn't use it long enough to notice breakouts.I bought this base/primer because it was very cheap from Target and because I wear makeup everyday: I was using up my expensive ("going out") primer rather quickly so I wanted an economical "everyday" primer, but since Target allows returns, I believe I will be returning it, IMO it's not worth keeping it at home lest I accidentally use it again.  If any one finds a good and inexpensive mattifying GEL, please let me know, Thanks!
The sleeve broke in half after less than two weeks upon receiving the comb (while folded in my pocket.) I would certainly suggest a more robust sleeve to be added in the future.WFM
I wanted to love this foundation. I prefer to use mineral makeup, however powder foundations (typical of most mineral makeup) tend to look great initially but settle in all the wrong places as the day wears on. Not flattering. So I was looking for a liquid foundation. I have actually tried the GloMinerals Satin II liquid foundation and thought it was okay. The issue with that foundation is that it is "dewy"and my skin is oily--shine shine shine. I tried this matte makeup hoping that would resolve the issue. Unfortunately, this makeup does not apply well. I have tried applying it with a sponge and also with a brush--and a combination of both. Yet I can't quite get it to apply evenly. So when I look at my face after taking time to apply as well as I could, I can see places where the makeup caked and other areas where it missed. I was so hoping this would be the perfect foundation. Alas, it was not. The best mineral liquid foundation I have tried is Korres. Maybe I will have to try that again.
Very difficult to use!  Stamp isn't very easy to lift off the disk.  Stamper doesn't last very long as once you get polish on it, it makes it very difficult to pull up the next one off the of disk.
I thought the design would be bigger that what it was.  on the YouTube videos the designs cover the entire area you were working with.  Mine did NOT. the design was VERY tiny.  Also it shows that it comes with red, white, and green polish so i ordered the black polish too.  it came with black polish instead of the green and now i have two black polishes and no green.
I ordered these as a gift for my daughter and was disappointed.  First one of the bottles of the &#34;special&#34; polish did not have a brush in the bottle.  And then it is very difficult to get the stamp to work.  Either you have too much polish and it makes a blob, or nothing comes off the stamp, or only a portion of the pattern comes through.
HARDER THAN IT LOOKS. VERY MESSY AND NOT MANY OF THE PATTERNS I WANTED, MOSTLY SMALL ONES, NOT THE ONES THAT COVER THE ENTIRE NAIL.
Not the best thing I have ever bought. I was disappointed with the way it stamps. I am a cosmetologist so I am used to doing nails, but this was not what I expected.
These inserts did not work as described at all. I should have sent them back, but I did not send them back.
Ads say that this is not supposed to hurt but it does! Not as badly as waxing but still......  Does not get all the hair even after several sweeps. Leaves a sticky residue and is a pain to apply. I say skip it and have a professional wax you or stick to shaving. This is definitely not worth the money I paid!
I had to change my review. Just placced an order and the product is horrible. It stinks like a chemical with a hint on coconut. Like a cheap hotel lotion. The product completely let me down. The seller did get product to me on time. The packaging sucked. it was in a post office envelope. Weird. But the lotion is the DISAPPOINTMENT. THis used to be my favorite lotion. The smell of coconut was strong and lingered on the skin all day. Now it smells gross.
I ordered two Toni home perms.  They were not packaged well enough to protect the bottles inside the boxes.  One of the bottles was cracked and the solution had leaked.
I am normally a huge fan and user of MK products but for some reason, the moisturizers and skin cream have an ingredient in it that makes my skin burn and sting horribly.  I do have sensitive skin but not THAT sensitive.  I used this once and then disposed of it.
I was hoping for something that was much brighter. The mirror is small, and it's nice that it doesn't have a cord, and can be used anywhere. That feature is particularly nice because we have to put it next to the window in order to be able to see clearly enough, since the light is totally useless.
im very fond of Glytone products but this one I was not fond of at all in fact I tried to return to the seller and they declined me to do so/I had allergic reaction and was very oily product / with ageing I like the oil products now but this one was too oily. OH Well~ wasted money indeed.
I used to LOVE this mascara. It was my favorite for years. I don't know if they changed the formula, or if my skin has changed, but I had to stop using it because I found that it smeared terribly. I found myself with perpetual raccoon eye. The positives, this mascara glides on like no other I have tried, almost like it is a lotion. It is also virtually clump free. I am a fan of Clinique in general, but this mascara unfortunately does not work for me. I would suggest trying it at a makeup counter or buying a trial size before you spend so much on it.
I've been dying my hair black for years. I decided I wanted to go red, so I bought this and was amazed at how much it lightened my hair and how soft it felt. I applied it twice, then applied the processing lotion, which darkened it again, like it said it can. So I repeated steps two and three AGAIN,and it was back to being light red/brown. I then applied the medium auburn hair dye I'd purchased and was so upset when I rinsed it out, because SURPRISE, after FOUR hours of lightening it and dying it - it was back to being black, with of course, bright red roots! Looks worse than before and I'm pretty upset that I followed the instructions and there was no warning that this could happen. It does say you can dye your hair immediately after using the color corrector - so I'm not sure if it was the type of dye I used, but like I said, there was no warning. So in the end I wasted 30 bucks between this and the red dye - and over 4 hours of my time.
It does not work as great as described. I still have eye puffiness and wrinkles did not scared  of this remedy at all. I feel like I just paid for someone advertizing not for the quality product.
The color doesn't really show on your eyelashes. Quality is not very high, the mascara doesn't even bulk up your lashes too much. It's not bad, but not what I expected.
I thought it will be batter. a very specific flavor,  strong! but it does not holding more than 10 hours. Maybe someone else will enjoy it more then me.
This product doesn't smell right not unpleasant but suspect fake have used "black cashmere" for years and this doesn't smell as it should suspicious of sellers source
As in all of my other reviews of Malibu products, I don't recommend this one either.  Did NOT remove iron from my white hair.  Maybe I have weird hair but this did nothing for me.
The comfort zone lip blooming scrub is ok...but just ok. I would not recommend if for severely chapped lips. I wouldn't pay over $5-$6 for if.
I was very excited about this night cream at first. It felt great going on and living in a dry climate I thought it would be great. It made my face break out. I read that might happen at first and to keep using it, so I did. It did not change and I was tired of having break outs. It just wasn't for me.
Okay, i should stop expecting miracles in a jar... However I found this product close to useless and consider it to be a waste of money.That being said, I do like most Olay products. Just not this one.
I wans't too impressed with this product. I think my regular tanning lotion works better on my face then this stuff does.
I bought 2 of these elephants based on their weighted bottom, but was disappointed that this elephant is not stable, the trunk is extremely long and tipping over is constant.  The curve at the tip of the elephants trunk makes it a little tricky to remove rings. I have had a ring hoder that is a Snail and I've never had one issue with it tipping. I was hoping this would be a five star, like my snail, but could only give it a 2star because it's cute and unusual-not functional.
REVIEW:flakes off and really doesn't zap the wrinkles, it could be a better product and relax the wrinkles. thank you
Covergirl Outlast-love the product and can't find it anywhere so when I saw it offered at Amazon I was thrilled!  It is offered in a package of two which is fine but when I received it I see that it is quite outdated.  Expiration date is 10/07-come on, that is almost three years old.  Well-it's not like I'm going to eat it or anything so I guess I will use it-unless it smells rancid or something.  I'm just a little disappointed that's all.  Amazon-you might want to check into this company.
I wanted this cream for years but didn't want to pay the hefty price without having even tried it. I have dry, semi-sensitive skin and this cream made it 10 times worse. It was drying, and turned my face splotchy red every time I used it. I tried it for a good two weeks, before going back to my old cream. I could not believe the difference in appearance when I stopped using it. The redness went away, and the dry itchiness stopped instantly. It was like my skin was relieved not to be tortured any longer. 've had this reaction to a few creams in my life, but I expected a lot more from such a high end product. I've also used many dr. Brandt products and have nothing but high praise for all of them. This one was an aberration, and I'm just glad I never paid the full original price for it.
The first time slipper was placed on feet it torn almost immediately.  I was very disappointed when this happened to one of my customers.
This was  a replacement for an older one, not a high quality , cheap material. Shop for a better quality for the same price...
I bought this because one of my favorite L'Oreal eyeshadow quads is called "Enchanted Bouquet" with the same item number as what is on Amazon. I've bought this eyeshadow a few times before but can't seem to find it in stores anymore so when I saw it on Amazon I didn't think the colors would be different since the item number(#114)and name (Enchanted Bouquet)are the same. The picture on Amazon even looks like the eyeshadow I've previously purchased at drugstores elsewhere. However for some reason the eyeshadow I received from Amazon a few days ago is definitely not the same color/shades as what I've previously purchased, even though all else appears to be the same (item # etc...) And to return it and have to pay for shipping and a restocking fee just isn't worth it. Really disappointed.  :(
Very misleading picture. I expected the ampoules instead I received the little bottles. The product itself was right, the picture should be changed to represent the actual product.
used the whole vial-do not know how much to use-left residue on my hair-I need your help-have very fine hair
Too sickeningly sweet smelling for me.  I prefer a softer scent.  But some people like the super sweet smell.  If that is you, then you'll love this.
This left my hair feeling icky at first, then crunchy.  I will not be using this product in the future. I essentially threw my money away. However, it did hold a curl, but I think it did about as good as mousse would...
there's a reason this dries out your hair: it's got sodium!It's a shame that shampoo and conditioner at such high costs will include ingredients that don't work with hair.I threw it away... away from my hair. $ gone down the drain, and dry hair!
I am apparently in the minority of people with dry skin who occasionally get pimples.  This product will probably counteract oily skin breakouts but for me with dry skin, this was just TOO drying.  I decided to try it only because MB website displays this as an alternative to the Healing Cream that was discontinued (for undisclosed ingredient).  The Healing Cream worked really well and did not dry out my skin.  Love MB products in general but this is not an acceptable substitution for the Healing Cream.  Please provide something that helps blemishes without drying.
The color is too light for my skin tone and it goes on kind of pastey. And my skin doesn't look any better.
I have extremely sensitive lady parts, so I am always on the lookout for products. I use the sweet spot balancing spray (unscented), so I thought their intimate wash might be gentle enough when I ran out of my usual product (sliquid splash).  I was wrong. I had irritation within 3 days.  I will go back to my usual wash.
sorry ,I did not get the same product shown here!!!  I wished I got what was shown.  So beware that you get this.
After reading the reviews of this product and all the articles on Cynergy TK I ordered the 3 pack that has the day, night, and eye creams. I must say it has a nice texture (although night cream is a bit thicker and needs more rubbing in), feels nice on the skin, and has a nice subdued smell. But if you are using this for its anti-aging properties i think you will be disappointed. I am 35 so my skin isn't that bad to begin with, you would think that I would see some type of difference in 2 weeks and there is nothing. As a matter of fact my face, especially under the eyes, are swollen in the morning. Today I noticed red blotches under both eyes. To be fair I do use a serum before applying the Pure Source creams and it may have been caused by something else entirely but I'm pretty sure that these products are not the magical potions people might think they are. Also although they list ingredients they do not list the quantities and as one reviewer has already said I suspect the amount of Cynergy TK is low, otherwise it would cost a lot more than what these products do. Bottom line good as moisturizers but get a different anti-aging product.
When I opened the package the powder was all over inside.  I had quite a mess.  I salvaged what I could.
I did not like this item but with a 20% restocking fee couldn't return it even though not opened.  Very sorry I purchased from purfumania on line.
The tag line on this hand cream states "the most astonishing hand cream ever? You decide!" I decide it's definitely not. I had high hopes for this product when I heard it was made by someone who developed products for the Bliss line. I was hoping there would be the same quality for a fraction of the price.This cream leaves a slightly sticky film on my hands after use. It also didn't moisturize well for me. It has an odor, which I can't decide if it's tolerable or not. If you have any sensitivity or allergies to scents I would not recommend this product.
This product gets two stars only because my wife and I can have fun with anything, and despite issues that I have with it, we had a blast. If not, it'd get the lowest rating of one star.Cons:1) Used entire bottle and never got bubbles, let alone glow in the dark bubbles. It's made up of glowing powder that the company hopes will somehow lather. It quickly settles as a fine glowing dust on the bottom of the tub and anything in the tub.2) It's glow only lasts for a few minutes (before needing to be recharged) and your eyes have to be fairly adjusted to the dark. I read about this in reviews on another site and planned ahead. I rigged a black light in the ceiling over the tub which kept it glowing perpetually. (suspending a light fixture over a tub of water . . . that's gotta be the smartest idea since flying a kite in a lightning storm.)3) Last, but most disappointing. The product description mentions applying it directly on your body in fun places. And it does glow well on your body, which is fun. However, after a few minutes it actually burns sensitive areas! I don't think I need to go into detail, but annoying.Pros:1) It kinda turns your water into something from Smallville.2) It does glow, especially with a black light.3) We had a lot of fun and made memories with it.I probably wouldn't recommend it to a friend. I'd be curious to see if it'd work when mixed with actual bubble bath, but I'm not spending another 7 bucks to find out.
Despite having this my sister still had problems on her job and she finally decided to stop wearing it.She put it somewhere and I have not seen it since.
This brush being retractable was nice but shortly after buying it, the very expensive brush broke! The sliding part broke out of the case that the brush was in. So instead of having a retractable brush with a cap, I had three pieces; the brush connected to the sliding mechanism, the cap, and the empty bottom part of the case where the cap connects. I still used it for a while but it became so inconvenient to be constantly shoving the brush back in the casing without messing up the bristles. It wouldn't bother me so much if the brush wasn't so expensive. Plus the bristles weren't very soft and they were stiff, they always picked up way too much powder for my taste. Plus the bristles are synthetic, I don't even use synthetic bristles when I paint because they're so scratchy. Also it seemed like every time I used it i would get broken/falling out bristles all over my face. I have never bought a brush that was that expensive again. From now on I'll save my money and take my chances with cheaper brands.
doesn't really work.  I have fine, baby like hair and used this all the time.  All that happened was I would smell burnt hair.  not worth the money
tan color looks great but as soon as i sprayed the product for a few seconds the nozzle jammed and nothing would come out anymore. so i was stuck with a brand new can that i could not use.
Didn't work at all for me. Maybe i missed the disclaimer saying that it will not work well on dark hair... if not it should be added.
The shrink wrap was missing and the powder puff was gone. Not cool! It looks like it was old, second-hand product.
I think the make up I got was old. Doesn't seem very creamy. I have used max factor make up for along time and it never seemed to be that hard like I said I think it was old the packaging even looked old.
Order this tiara for my wedding. When I received the item, it looked so beautiful. But when I held it and put it on, it felt very cheap and the metal band was very bendable. It was lopsided when I got it. Doesn't really stay up on my head so will need to secure w/ some hairpins. I have a bigger head than normal girls (I think) and this hair band/tiara feels very big on me. Don't waste your money on this item if you want a really sturdy and going to reuse your tiara again. I advised to go to a store that actually sell tiaras and try them on there so you can have a feel of what you want.
I bought this tiara for my daughter for a play she is in, looked beautiful, First time she wore it, it broke right near the start of the crystals on the side.$35 down the drain and no prop for the play. She is 39 by the way so not misused by a child.
The combs on the tiara are like twisted wire and very easy to bend.  I feel like it could break very easily when used.  The overall look of the tiara is very pretty and sits well on the head.  The graduated band is nice as it makes the tiara stand straight on the head instead of leaning backwards as regular band tiaras.  Will need to take great care when putting it on and storing it so the combs do not break.
just didn't work for me. i have pretty oily skin. the best product i've found is alpha cleanser by Revision. it's for washing, but i use it also as a spot treatment.
I thought this basket would be the answer to my storage problems.  It was horrible to put together and the suction cups didn't stick at all, even with the "smooth surface" stickers.  I have attached it to the wall with Command stick strips.  It is holding for now, but we will see.  The bath toys also have to be rather large, because there are big gaps in the bin sides.  It doesn't stay together very well either, I need to give it a test run with the kids playing with it.  If it falls apart, I am sending it back.  I really really want it to work (which is the only reason I spent more $$ buying the command strips to stick it to the wall and over an hour getting it to stay there!)  The idea is great, but the product itself is horrible.
I was excited to recieve this basket.....but the trap door doesnt close , and as soon as I put ALL the tiny little toys in it...they frustratingly fell back into the tub. The suction cups do not stick very well either. Poorly made. Very dissappointed.
This item looked so good - as I wanted something to allow drainage for all the toys!  Got it together, but the suction cups just aren't strong enough and keep coming off, then it falls apart....:(:(  I sent it to GoodWill and am back to my old plastic basket.
i am 30 y.o. and bought this to fight first under eye wrinkles and reduce some morning puffiness. After three months of use i see zero result unfortunately - not even a sign of smoothing, moisturizing, lifting - it does nothing...it is a mistery to me how this product got so many positive reviews