I have used this 4 times in 3 weeks . It hurts a lot on the forehead but still very much bearable . I know it's working it's magic slowly and that's the only reason I am giving it 3 stars since this procedure requires a lot of patience and discipline . Also if you are using it before going to sleep , try not to sleep on your side as the pillow creases tend to be more visible in the morning since your face may be a little bit swollen till the next morning. Combined with a good night cream or serum , it can really make a difference to your skin.
I use this once every couple weeks or so. It's easy to apply, no real odor, no stinging. But I am sure to rinse it off within the three minute time recommendation. The exfoliation is gentle and gradual. It doesn't cause any splotchiness, redness, or sun sensitivity. Even though the bottle is small, the product goes a long way. I've used ZIA Papaya Enzyme Mask in the past - this exfoliant is a lot easier and quicker. *I do agree with other reviewers that ZIA has changed their ingredients since being bought by HAIN. If you are used to the "older" version, this product will probably be different.
I used these and got mixed results. Some nails looked great. Other nails looked 'messy' with nail polish that wasn't even. A real French manicure is best, but if you don't have the time or money, these will do.
This appliance was purchased to replace an older Vidal Sasson 1600 Folding/Travel hair dryer.  Since most major hotels supply hair dryers today, giving up the folding handle and travel size didn't seem like a big deal.Giving up a manageable, convenient, comfortable-to-use appliance for a 'space age' modernistic, not-so-comfortable-to-use appliance...now that has become a big deal.The matte gold/black finish to the VS762 Gold Series doesn't clash with your color decor, though it may be a little 'glitzy' for some.  However, the tapering style of the handle just doesn't seem to offer the comfort-of-use nor the manageability that the older pistol grip design afforded.  Additionally, I find that the head is just too long for comfort in drying one's own hair.  The style seems better suited to a salon, where another party is applying the heat from a distance greater than half-an-arm's length.The three speed/three heat feature is a plus; but I just can't be sold on the need for, or the effectiveness of, the 'cold shot' feature.  And, I found that I opt for the highest speed 80% of the time, and the lowest the other 20%, so it seems that two speeds is really all that are necessary.  I have straight hair, long length.  Two speeds fills the bill.The removable filter is a definite step in the right direction as the older models tend to clog over time.  However, the 'hanging ring', though differently placed than on previous models, still doesn't seem to be all that useful.  Any hook used for hanging has to be quite long in order for the feature to actually be functional.There is no question that 1875 watts is an improvement over 1600 watts, but the 1875 wattage is available on many of the newer appliances.To be honest, I wish I had purchased the Vidal Sasson Model 1875.  It features only 2 speeds, but has 3 heats; and it has the more comfortable, easier to manage uniform-in-size handle.However, if the VS762 Gold lasts as long and proves to be as  dependable as all the other Vidal Sasson Hair Dryers I have used over the years, I guess I will stick with this one for awhile.  It does get the basic job done, but it is not necessarily an over-all improvement from VS previous designs.I would recommend thinking awhile about what you specifically like about a hair dryer you might be replacing before opting for a new-age design.
I would classify this as a lower end toner.  It has a very strong scent and if you get some on your lips it has quite an after-taste. So roll your lips inward as you spray.  The spray bottle sends out fairly large droplets. I am just about finished with this bottle and am not planning to re-order.  Should have stayed with Yonka.
I bought this straightener to polish up a little when I need it, but I do have fairly thick, straight shoulder length hair anyway. I need it most after I go to sleep with wet hair and I wake up with it pointing in every which direction.The most annoying thing I find is that with the button placement to turn it on and put it on "turbo" is terrible. I'm left handed, and I know we're only about 10% of the population. But I turn it off constantly and then wonder why it's stopped working. So I have to turn it on again and wait for it to heat, again. This is the largest downfall for me.Otherwise, it's a middle of the road straightener and does the trick for the most part. Sometimes I feel it could be a bit better and get more of a sleekness without having to go over the spot more then once, but, hey, it was around 15-20 bucks. For a casual user who doesn't rely on this daily, I think it's fine, though eventually I'll probably upgrade a bit. For someone who uses a straightener without question every morning and really invests a lot in their 'look' 7 days a week, you might want to find something better.
The iron heats up fast, which is great, but it dries out my hair, Okay for the price. SPend more on a better iron if you use it often.
I've only used it a few times since I got it, and thus far, it seems to do the trick (the real test will come this weekend when I flat iron a head full of very long, thick hair), but one complaint I do have is the length of the cord. It's extremely short, making it impossible to be too far away from the outlet unless I have an extension cord handy. It also doesn't feel particularly sturdy. The one I had before this -also Conair- was heavier and sturdier and it lasted me well over 6 years. I've also noticed that the hair can easily slip free of the panels when ironing, which can be a real pill.
I've boughten two of these already... and I've had the same problem both times. I like the way it straightens my hair, but after maybe a year it either gets stuck when it's closed or it just stops heating up. I'm getting fed up with having to buy a new straightener every year and am looking for a different brand to try....
Very sensitive to plugs in. Ive had it for a year now but it turns on and off by itself. works really well on my hair though and it looks great!
I have loved this product in the past.  I have tried other bulkier products that didn't seem to be as easy to grip my hair with.  First bought this at Albertson's for $50.00 6 years ago.  When it died after a couple years, I went back for another of the same product.  After it broke last week, I thought I would go ahead and purchase it again.  But as I read reviews on other products, I realized I was cheating myself.  I deserve better.  I don't want to spend nearly $100 on a CHI.  So, I bought the Ceramic Tools CT2555 Professional Straightening Iron instead.  Only for around $20. I used it today and am pleased.  The conair CS4JCS has the same settings as the Ceramic Tools CT2555.  Same slim design.  Yet the Ceramic Tools CT2555 doesn't pull my hair out when it gets stuck between the plates.  It gets hotter, so I use it at a lower setting than my previous choice.  Very quick to get the job done, now.  I spend much less time on my hair.  Very pleased that I made the switch.
Got really really hot when I first bought it, and over time it lost a lot of heat to the point it didn't straighten very well. And also, it snags/pulls some strands at the edge. What do you expect for a cheap straightener??? Did what it was supposed to do. Probably won't last more than a year, but neither did my $100 Chi straightener!
This was the first ceramic straightener I used. It's not as hot as some, but it does glide smoothly. Good bang for your buck.
I think this straightener is nice. It's not the best, but then again, it's only $12. I bought it because it said it was ceramic. When I opened it, it said "ceramic technology" which means the plates are just ceramic coated. It's better than no ceramic at all, but there was a gap in it so I had to squeeze it tightly to actually use it. It also made my hair stick out. My hair is pretty straight naturally, and this made my hair "emo-like." It was pretty good, but not the best. Conair makes better, real ceramic straighteners, so I bought a new one and it works much better. The handle was fine, but there was no swivel cord, which is lame. Any straightener that is gold or says "ceramic technology" is not very good quality, so save your money and buy a real one.
I have very kinky and coarse hair.  This is not the tool for it.  Will keep searching until I can find something that works.  This straightener takes a little of the bend out making my hair easier to comb, but in no way is it presentable hair.  I guess it is back to a straightening comb for me.
The size and shape of this product is great, my only problem with it was the fact that it doesn't have a "swivel" cord and there is no "stand" to rest the iron on when it is not in use.Other than those two items, everything else about the product was fine.
As a dual voltage product for travel it works fine, but the way it was designed make the plates stick to my hair and pulled some out.
It heats up fast and gets very hot.  However it doesnt look anything like the picture.  The handle is one of those V shaped handles that is open at the end ---&lt; and I cant seem to hold it all the way open to grab my hair.  I find it difficult to get any amount of hair in it.  Once I get a little bit of hair in it It snags my hair in the hinge and rips it out.  Also when Im dragging it down my hair I cant go all the way down without it ripping my hair out.
I don't feel the plates heat up as much as they should, and the teeth on the detachable comb are too widely spaced for thick or curly hair.  But the product will likely work well on tresses that are merely wavy or already on the straight side.I do think this is a good buy for the money (very inexpensive), but this particular Conair simply won't make curly hair STRAIGHT . . . only STRAIGHTER.  Having said all this, there are other Conairs on the market suited well to curls.
I've owned this straightner for about 2 years, and it works okay but I have to spend like an hour to get it perfect and it doesn't last all day like I would like. I have medium lenth wavy/curly/straight hair and although it makes your hair super smooth and shiny, I don't think that I would reccomend it for those who don't have a long time in the morning to make it perfect, but it is an okay straightner. I bought an Andis straightner today that I am hoping works better.
Not saying it worked REAL well, but when you are used to a CHI, it's hard to use anything else. It did the job well enough while in Paris so I wouldn't have to worry about blowing out my $150+ CHI.
i have very very thick wavy hair this did nothing for my hair at all. it did however work pretty good for my 2 girls hair. if you have super thick hair this is not an option even on the highest setting. if you have thinner hair it may work well. i did not even notice much difference in the waves! it didnt take them out either
This was just okay -- i've taken it on my trips to Europe and didn't love it -- if you're used to a high-quality ceramic straightener (Chi, GHD, Sedu brands, etc), this will be tough to get used to. I guess it got me through in a pinch, but it does take forever and is a bit clunky -- i sort of felt like i was using a Playskool toy. In all honesty, if I were to buy something for travel again, i might think about investing in something better for time's sake, and for the sake of my hair, as this seemed to fry it a little. All of that being said, I didn't feel like I had to worry about ruining this straightener due to differences in electricity/voltage from one country to the next, bc it was so cheap -- if it had broken i wouldn't have been devastated, so there's the benefit! Lastly, for travel it's kind of bulky/heavy.
Bought this specifically since it supports dual voltage and it got the job done. Its not exactly the best straightener out there. It can get too hot and I imagine prolonged use could damage your hair. Its decent enough for non-regular use, certainly useful for travel with a size that supports that function too.
This product is okayy.. I mean it doesnt work like PERFECTLY but its not that bad either. IT works but not as well as other straightners i've had.
I chose this product because of the many reviews and purchases. I was a little dissapointed about the plastic look of the product when i took it out of the box, but the second i try it...ba-boom! awsome. My friends order one for them inmediatrly after trying mine. I'm not sure about durability but for the price this one makes an excellent job. Your hair will look super shiny & it only takes about 20 minutes or less to make your hair incredibly straight without blowdrying first. I'm very happy with my flat iron, no need to spend more in a fancy one...
This straightener will get the job done, but I would not purchase another one.I have used a Sedu for about 3 years until it finally kicked the bucket. I was low on cash so I thought I'd try something not as expensive, especially considering the great reviews. This thing is large, bulky, and pulls my hair if I'm not very careful. The end result leaves my hair looking a bit like straw, whereas my older expensive straightener always left my hair looking (and feeling) silky.Save for something better, it's worth the extra money.
For the price, I guess I couldn't expect much more than what I got out of this iron.  It doesn't take long to heat up, but it does take a while to straighten my hair.  I often have to go over the same section of hair 5 or 6 times to get it iron-straight. For someone with very curly hair, it takes a long time to straighten.  I've seen better hair straighteners, but usually at a much higher cost so I can't complain too much about this one.  My sister has wavyish hair, and she is able to use this straightener to straighten her hair in about 10 minutes, so I guess it really just depends on your hair type.
Growing up i always heard how great conair products were for people with hair like mine, and i never thought to question it. When i got old enouhh and had my kwn money to buy a flat iron, i chose this one. But i noticed it never worked well. Even at the max heat setting, always on turbo, it takes at least three hours to straighten my hair and even then it is still curly. It also makes my hair look very dry, it does not make it look &#34;sleek and shiny&#34;. I know the flat iron is the problem because when i pay to have someone else do it, it comes out very smooth, soft, and shiny. It is probably a great flat iron for people who do not have very thick frizzy naturally curly hair. Im glad it was only $20.
Well, it was great while it lasted!  I have moderately wavy hair and it did the trick...even on the most humid days (and I live in hot/humid NC).  I bought this 11 months ago and today, it died.  I have an older 1 1/2 inch conair that still works, but I've been using this 2 inch one almost every day since I bought it.  I'm disappointed that it lasted less than a year.  I expected more than that from Conair.
As I am looking for a new straightener I was surprised to find my current one in the top 5 bestselling. I had read all the reviews and did not want to spend the money on an expensive straightener and settled for this one. I used it a few times and it did the job okay for the price - my hair was relatively straight, although frizzy. However the handle is quite awkward and it didn't seem to get very hot. I began using my roommate's Chi and was VERY impressed. I used her straightener all of the time and now that we are no longer roommates I think I am going to jump on the bandwagon and spend the money to get a good solid flat iron. I haven't had any problems with this straightener (used it maybe 5 times??) but I just found one that is much better.
This little straightener works well for short or medium length, moderately wavy or frizzy hair.  I've owned several of them, and my only complaint is that they simply stop working after 6 to 9 months.  For the price, though, this seems like an ok trade-off since I don't need a heavy-duty straightener.I don't understand why ladies with really long, thick, curly hair are on here complaining that this straightener doesn't work for them.  If you have major straightening needs, why did you buy the smallest, cheapest straightener available and then get annoyed that it doesn't work for you?  This is a TOOL, think like a guy and get yourself the right tool for the job.
Bought this for my daughter who has naturally wavy hair... Not curly...wavy. She said it does wrk but she has to use it on the highest setting
I got this straightener after reading all the great reviews. I am very DISAPPOINTED. I have thick curly hair. This straightener cannot straighten it. The heat level isn't enough.
Very inexpensive. You get what you pay for. It's not bad. It does the job but it doesn't leave a shine. I feel like my gaur is a little brittle after using it. Next time I'll spend the extra $30 for a better quality one. I'll save this one for a travel one or just to have an extra one on hand.
I had brought it for a cousin in India, and probably due to the diff in voltage out there, I didnt find it as good as I expected it to be. It is just an average product and the straightened hair does not last long.
I purchased this for traveling but find it does not work as well as my other Conair flat iron. I don't think it gets hot enough for my frizzy hair even though the description was the same as for my other device.
I bought this iron about a year ago, and its not that bad and not that good. I agree with most comments, but the one thing I really noticed was that it doesn't work that well when you really want your hair straight straight. It does the job to keep it straight for a few hours, and sometimes I have to go over my hair 2-3 times just to keep it straight. And...I have naturally straight hair. Its also the size - 3/4 - which is a bit small and annoying so it takes longer to straighten hair. If I had read reviews first about this, I would have considered another one - even if it cost more.
I guess my original GHD hair straightener  has spoiled me because I'm comparing this inexpensive Conair to the GHD hair straightener.  However, if you've never used a hair straightener and don't know the difference between a professional one and this inexpensive Conair I say buy the Conair because it is soooo inexpensive and it WILL straighten your hair. It just won't make it as shiny as the GHD.
I like this product pretty well. It does a great job of straightening and often my sisters will steal it from me because they like it so much. The only problem I have with it is it's size. Even though I have longer hair, the straightener is almost too big to effectively straighten my hair. I will often have to go over the same section of hair again. Also, I have had trouble with my hair getting caught in some of the grooves. But, even though it has some problems, it still does a pretty good job when you get accustomed to working around its problems.
Yes...it heats quickly, straightens your hair, and is priced attractively.  It has one major design flaw however, one that makes me regret having bought it.  The design has a long skinny handle and a much fatter plate head and is heavy and much longer than most straighteners.  Combine the weight with the over-long, unbalanced design and it is impossible to grasp and maneuver easily without having to use two hands...one to grasp the handle and another to hold down the plates.  They even anticipated that you would need to use two hands by placing a halfmoon tab on the ends of the plate heads so you could manually press down on the plates. I have never had any problems with my two previous straighteners but then they were designed as one, (not-as)long rectangular 'stick'. I also notice that it does not glide smoothly over the hair but sticks, and I suspect again it's because of the difficulty in keeping the plates clamped shut.  Maybe my hands are too small, maybe I'm not strong enough, maybe it's just me...but look at the design of this product and all the others pictures on Amazon and you'll note the difference.  And that difference makes all the difference in how this product performs.
Previously, I owned a flat iron that I purchased at a local beauty supply store.  I really liked it because it was sturdy but lightweight and still did a fabulous job (tourmaline wet/dry and it was cheaper than a chi!) but since I was moving overseas, I gave it away (different voltage) and bought this one...A huge plus is that this is dual voltage.  You might not think it matters, but trust me, the transformers are not meant for flat irons so finding a dual voltage flat iron is awesome!  Now I can take it anywhere with me...and you never know when you might have the opportunity to travel.This flat iron does a nice job at straightening the hair, and I like the temp. control adjustor, but the build of the iron itself is what irks me the most.  It's not balanced, so the iron half of the tool seems very heavy and the handle feels cheap and hollow.  I have long thick hair and using this flat iron for a long time is not very comfortable.  It could have been better designed, but all things considered, it does a nice job for the price.
This product is very good in many ways, it heats up quickly and has an automatic shut-off if you forget to unplug it. The price is right, but since I have a comparison with a more expensive product (I spent $70 on a straightener in the past) I can say that its ceramic plates do not slide as easily over hair as other more expensive models do. With my thick hair, I find the ceramic plates on this model get "caught" and I have to release and start again. But I would assume with other hair types this product would be excellent. Overall, very good.
The cord is too short and it does not work as well as other straighteners I've had.  i guess you get what you pay for.
it's overall nice, but does not get as hot as I wantmy previous ones worked better because they got hot quickly
I have thin wavy hair and I have to keep this straightener on the highest setting just to see results.  I bought it because it was a good price but I wish I would have spent more money on a better quality straightener.
I got this straightener a year and a month ago and it was amazing! Before it broke of course. I got it two Christmases ago and it worked GREAT from the moment I used it. My hair stayed straight and perfect through the whole day and it took a few minutes to heat up, but not a half hour like my old straightener thankfully! One morning when I was using it the handle suddenly snapped. It wasn't like I was playing baseball with this thing, just straightening my hair. That was okay, I just used an oven mitt to hold it down on my hair. Now, about a month or two later, it won't heat up at all. It was nice while it lasted. I'll go out and buy something that hopefully last longer.
I bought this product but did not work well for me b/c I have small hands. The scissor like handles just opened up too wide and could not work well with it. The combs would just add more problems since it would get tangled up. Again due to my small hands.The product DOES however heat up fast and I like the dial heat settings. If you have small hands buy one that has a tong style to it. I bought a hair dryer instead w/ions/ceramic. I love my curly hair and I won't bother w/ a straightener.
I bought this at amazon and i usually braid my hair so i don't straighten much. I used it about 5 times or less and had a long 6month streak of braiding my hair. Then i tried to use it and it heated up and shut off by itself. That was the end of the relaxer. I'd only had it for less than a year and i couldn't find the receipt to do anything about it. It's kinda made me leary bout buying straightners and while i am serching for one now, i think i'll try a different brand. Hopefully, that will last longer.
The cord is always tangled and that cause the cord to become unplugged.Otherwise great.
I loved it at the first, it straightens my hair, however it doesn't give you the shining smoothy look, it makes my hair very dry. I went to salon, their straightener is much better, it really straightens my hair, and my hair feel so smooth and shining. I am going to get another kind.
I initially searched for flat iron with comb attachment  and this product came up.  After reading many reviews i felt that I would take a chance and try this one out. I wanted a straightener with comb attachment because I have very fine curly hair and most flat irons don't work we'll for my hair type.  The comb attachment would have worked to hold the hair in place as it went through the iron.  But there was no comb. I tried it anyway, but it did not work for me.  I had to return it.
I like this product and the best thing about it is, it actually generates less heat and create a less damage to my hair
I've had this straightener for about 4 months. At first it worked extremely well but after about 2 months it started to become slower at heating up. Now it doesn't work at all. It was good at a time but now I wonder why I bought it. If you're looking for a new straightener, keep looking. This one's cheap and not worth it.
Pros:  It heats up quickly and has so many setting levels.  It tames the frizz in my slightly wavy hair.  The one con I have is that it is a bit hard to handle and bulky.  I wish there was a smaller version of this iron, like a 1/2 to 1 inch wide plate.
Not the best, but not the worst flat iron.  Good for short hair. Skip it if you have very wavy hair
Worked for about 8 months then promptly fell apart. I'm now on the hunt for a new one that lasts at least a year...
It's ok, not that great for thick hair like mine.  But heats up fast although makes hair a bit dry.
Bought because it was dual voltage. But it went kaput after few days using in 220-250V range with 50Hz freq. Not sure if it was a sudden death due voltage surge or a slow death due to few days of 50hz freq..3 stars because I guess it would have worked for few years in 110V, 60Hz U.S
I purchased this hair straightener last week. It's pretty good, it heats up super quickly, stays very hot and does a pretty good job. The only thing I HATE, but the problem would have been the same with any brand I would've purchased, is that it is a scissor-style straightener. Unless you have HUGE hands, this makes it really difficlut to close and hold shut properly. It's also pretty heavy. Aside from that, it really does a pretty good job, especially considering the low price. Now remains to be seen how long it lasts...
This was okay, it didn't dry my skin. It made my face and skin feel look fresh and smooth.  But the smell is a little too strong and sweet and lingers on the skin. If only it had a lighter smell.
The soap was too silky and made the shower floortoo slippery.  Fear of falling is something I wouldworry about and therefore, not buy this product again.
I have very thin hair. I used this consistently for a month or two with no difference. This product did not seem to work for me.
It does volumize that hair as claimed, but it also leaves my hair somewhat dry and fly-away. However, I do live in a very dry climate, so it might work better in a more humid place. Still, it's not as good as Finesse volumizing shampoo, which is the best I've found so far.
OK product. Smells good and feels good. However, I did not notice a difference between this shampoo and others that are much cheaper. I would buy again only for about half the price.
I was disappointed that this shampoo did not give much volume.I have used some volumizing shampoo that does give your volumebut this was not one of them.
I am an older woman have been using 5% rogaine over a year (under DR's supervision) with great results.I was hoping for a little more response from this compatible product.  For me it does nothing more than my usual shampoo as I can tell.  If you use Rogaine the shampoo is worth a try.  Maybe you will see some difference.  I will probably order again because of compatible idea.
Only gave 3 stars because of price. Use to getting a deal on Amazon but this shampoo is over priced. I found same for 7.99 at local CVS..
I like the shampoo for cleaning my hair.  It did nothing to make my hair fuller or have more volume
This shampoo is okay.  It's kinda pricey considering it didn't add any significant volume to my hair or make it feel any thicker.
Not bad , not good , nothing to say ................. I think maybe you can choice other one if you want to keep your hair.
I thought I'd give this a try as it was less painful and easier to use than the liquid form of medication.  I'm not seeing any hair growth improvements but it does keep my hair clean.
Not a bad Shampoo, can't really tell the difference in my hair to be honest. My hair is growing really thin up there so I needed to try something different. I probably won't buy this again...but hey, it may work for you.
I have tried it for about a month and haven't experience any magic difference. It does what shampoo normally does, but regarding "volumizing" function, disappointing, it seems not work on my hair. Maybe I should continue to use it and then see what will happen.
It has been several years since I used up my last Ramy B1*&@#-Slap blush, and with Spring coming on full force (it's in the 80's down here in the tropics, I am not making this up) I found myself craving another B-Slap blush for the Spring and Summer months ahead. So I ordered it, thinking that I already know what the color is like so I didn't need to worry about seeing it in person first before buying it. So when the compact arrived, I was surprised to find that the color had changed a bit. Instead of being a neutral/natural pink, it definitely has become a light, cool-tone pink. Now, this really isn't a problem because it's just the right shade and tone that will work very well on my cool-toned complexion, but it ISN'T the B-Slap blush I remember from 6 or 8 years ago. And I feel a little disappointed. I really liked how that almost-but-not-quite warm/neutral pink looked on my complexion. I will still wear it; it's a lovely pink, but it isn't &#34;the old&#34; B-Slap that I remember. Warm-toned girls who used to like the original blush color will have to look elsewhere for this color because this incarnation will look a little too blue-pink on you.
This cream is very reasonably priced, however, I didn't like the creme itself.  It spread on nicely but it was very oily.  Didn't seem to absorb very well.  Felt very greasy and I was afraid it might stain my clothes.  Good to put on if your skin is very, very dry.
I like this for my driest skin, such as elbows and feet. Not good hand cream though, too greasy. I like the smell.
The product works fine, but it is severely overpriced. The 2-ounce &#34;travel tube&#34; costs as much as an ordinary 8- or 10-ounce tube at a drugstore.
This toner didn't work very well for me.  It didn't sting, but it was still too harsh and drying, and my skin is combination- I can't imagine what it would do to straight up dry skin.
I bought this shampoo with the hopes that it would relieve my slightly itchy scalp (though I have no dandruff). Especially since so many reviewers online ranted about how their dry scalp went away. While this shampoo did lather well, have an okay scent and made my hair look decent it still really did nothing to help with MY itchy scalp. Which was the whole reason I bought it :PSo, I let my boyfriend borrow the shampoo since he has also been suffering with itchy scalp ALONG WITH dandruff. For him the product is (so far) working pretty well. His itching and dandruff are both gone :)So I guess the most I can say is that like most things it wont work for everyone. :/
It's so so. I would not go out and buy it again.  It's alright as an every day shampoo to use
The product smells great, and you can tell it's different from other shampoos. However, it didn't work as well as some more chemically inclined products such as T-Gel. If you don't want those chemicals, this is for you.
I received this shampoo (along with the conditioner) a week ago. Thus far, I have used them my last three hair washes.While I do notice a positive change in the texture of my hair (it is also shinier and easier to manage) there is minimal difference in my scalp condition.I have scalp psoriasis and was looking for a shampoo/conditioner that really helped minimize the itching, inflammations and flakes. So far, I have noticed little improvement in this.While I do feel some relief while I am washing my hair, since the product leaves a "cool" feeling on your scalp, afterwards, the itching is still there.I was hoping that by now, I would start to notice a change in this aspect. Maybe I should give it a while longer.
Tries as a substitute because it was sulfite free, tea tree and there aren't enough quality products available with those two criteria. Does not provide the quality tingle I was looking for which helps my scalp which gets very irritated in 90% humidity all summer. Also more drying on my longer hair. Will finish but not buy again.
We are used to Paul Mitchell Tea Tree and the Sally's Tea Tree that smells and works like Paul Mitchell so thought we'd give this a shot. This is just "okay". Nothing special, definitely will not use again.
I really wanted to like this shampoo. My tea tree shampoo I used before this product worked perfectly...that I gave a sign of relief after i used it the first time. But I got on this healthy living kick and threw all of my SLS products away. I bought natures gate tea tree thinking if it messes up my scalp a little so what.....most of my life I never had my scalp perfect...bouncing from pantene,  herbal essences,  pert plus,  infussium, suave,  Paul Mitchell etc. I found a tea tree shampoo from a corporate chain hair salon that my mother in law works at....that shampoo loved my hair and scalp. Ok my point......this shampoo caused pimples on my scalp.....ok...occasionally like twice a year is normal for for the other named brand shampoos. But natures gate was different...these pimples had an oozing crust over them...and it hurt. I wish it worked. My SLS brand tea tree shampoo from the salon never caused pimples on my scalp.UPDATE :after using for a week the sores stopped...now my scalp is happy. Changing to 3 stars.
It tastes great, just like water so that's a plus.  I'm not sure If I am reaping any benefits to drinking it or not.  I've been drinking it since Jan or Feb.  I will be finishing up what I have, so I guess I will know if it worked for something when I'm no longer taking it.
I have had IBS and acid reflux for the majority of my adult life and have taken prescription medication (Nexium right now) for around 10 years.  My wife bought this for me to see if it would help one or both problems.  I was only able to take it for ten days, at 4 oz, twice a day before I started to have a generalized itchy rash on my arms and legs.  I stopped on day 11 when I figured it out: i am probably allergic to aloe.  Sure enough, the rash went away.  Maybe if I had more time, it could have helped me, but there was no noticeable difference in any of my digestive problems for those 10 days.  Tasted like water, so pleasant enough, but it just didn't do what I hoped.
Tastes almost as good as tap water, but I am not sure aloe does much for the human body, So i likely will not reorder.
So far so good.  We are trying it to see if we can illuminate prescription drugs for ulserative proctitis .  Have to wait and see.  It worked for mother in law colitis
I had hoped to go off prescribed medication and use the aloe instead for severe heatburn and acid indigestion. I lasted 4 days, then a little spicy lunch and I was vommiting for hours, so I'm back on the meds. Don't expect the aloe to relieve heatburn as it is touted to do.
don't be fooled by the great taste.  it's been so heated that you don't get the benefits.  it's not supposed to taste good.
I was really looking for a spray aloe vera to ease skin dryness. I did use the product but did not see an improvement. I feel I need to read product description
I have acid reflux and take Prilosec; that helps some, but not 100%, so I'm always on the lookout for things that will soothe my stomach. After reading the bright and shiny reviews here, I took the plunge. The bad news: this does nothing for me. I haven't changed my diet at all, so I was expecting that I would notice some difference due to the aloe vera being the independent variable in the experiment. Even after doubling the amount I drank up to around 8 oz every day, nothing happened. Now I won't accuse George's of selling only water, because I have no way of proving that they are doing that. Not every product works for everyone, either. Still, I'm disappointed that this produced no results for me.
Does what's expected, I prefer the taste of other protein powders over this. Overall wasn't horrible, the taste was just not ideal.
i am still using it. It smells good. Bottle was a little banged up when I got it. The bottle has a permanent dent but it is fine. Nothing extremely perfect about it. Just makes my bathroom smell nice after I use it. No difference in my skin.
I have not fault with the product but the packaging is horrible, bought this and hand lotion and both was opened and covered everything in the box. Both were for a gift so I could not use them and had to try and send back. Very disappointed as the box was covered on the bottom and I got it all over my carpet aslo. They need to do better
Two shipments were required to get some of this product to me in the bottle.  The first shipment had completely leaked out into the envelope.  Amazon required that I ship the soggy envelope back to them for credit!  The second shipment had only leaked about 20% into the plastic bag it had been placed in, inside a box. Perhaps Amazon could invest in some tape to secure the lids on liquid products.  Fortunately I could enjoy the minty fresh sent while cleaning up the mess.
The smell is way to strong. it works, but can't deal with the over powering smell. I guess that's what you get for organic though.
This is a refreshing shower gel until it gets into your "privates," then it burns like crazy. I mean, "pepper-" mint is a very significant name AND descriptor for the essential oils in this shower gel. I no longer use it for my shower, but it's fabulous for soaking feet after a long day.
A nice shower gel, although the scent is very light (lighter than I'd like) and you have to use more than the usual amount to get decent suds in the shower or bath. I'll look for something more aromatheurapeutic next time.
I love the fact that it's organic and cruelty free, which is why I bought it.  However, I have VERY dry skin, and when I use this my skin stays dry.  I've had to go back to using what I was using before most of the time and this only occasionally.
When I ordered for this shower gel, I though I'm gonna get the same that is shown in Picture. But let me tell, I didn't. So, I say change this misleading picture and put the true one instead. Because there is a huge bottle size difference between two.
Not the worst but not the best conditioner. It smells of lavender but has another musky smell mixed in. Hair looks limp after it dries and isn't shiny. Go with herbal essence.
I liked this conditioner, I just didn't love it.  The texture is very different from any other conditioner that I have used.  It did make my hair shiny and it did smell good, but I am just not sure it's for me.  If you have dry hair, I wouldn't recommend this.  It's a very lightweight conditioner that would benefit someone with oily hair.  As a matter of fact, I actually ended up giving this to my teenage daughter, who does in fact have oily hair, and it seems to work just fine for her.
my hair felt dry and was knotted- had to use leave-in conditioner to comb through it. I can't use it in the winter but like it in summer.
I bought this because it's a highly rated organic product with natural ingredients.  Not crazy about the way it works in my hair; perhaps it's because I have fairly thick hair but I have to use more conditioner with this product than I do with other natural products.
Doesn't detangle my long hair well. It is rather thick and difficult to get out of the bottle. Love the herbal smell though!
I definitely didn't like this conditioner as much as other Avalon Organics conditioners I've tried.  Maybe its the 'clarifying' quality to it, but my hair seemed more stripped, much more difficult to comb through than with their other products.  The lemon smell is perfect, refreshing, natural lemon smell.  My hair is thick, wavy, slightly dry, so it may work better for someone with more fine, oily hair.
These are the actual first ingredients of this conditioner:Aqua (Water)Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice(1)Behentrimonium ChlorideCetearyl AlcoholGlycerinStearyl AlcoholCetyl AlcoholIsopropyl AlcoholGlyceryl Stearate SEPolysorbate 60(essential oils come after this, which there are many, but obviously not in higher concentrations than the first ingredients)You will notice all of the cleansing (and stripping) ingredients in this conditioner. Basically, you don't even need to shampoo before using this product. Behentrimonium Chloride is irritating to the eyes at .1% and is irritating to the skin and mucous membranes. It is a disinfectant and antistatic agent that is irritating to the skin, toxic and can be fatal if ingested (it is supposedly safe if less than 5% in a rinse off product). Beyond that, notice all of the alcohols which are drying, as well. I used this today as a cleansing conditioner between shampoos and still had to use several drops of oil to hydrate the ends of my hair. I really liked the older version which had more essential oils and less cleansing agents. The shampoo, which has also been reformulated, leaves my hair feeling and looking like straw. I really don't know what Avalon was thinking and definitely will not be repurchasing unless they switch to a more hair friendly formulation.Shampoo and conditioner purchased from naturally healthy concepts on sale for little over seven dollars a bottle with free shipping. A great, small and highly rated company that truly delivers.
This conditioner is earth-friendly and smells like real lavender . I just didn't like the shampoo that goes with it.
for some reason this product doesn't go a long way and I find myself using a lot, my hair is medium length... otherwise I like the ingredients, it smells great, and works fine.
Used this for about a month now. I haven't noticed any significant change in my hair, good or bad. I DO love the smell, and the sensation of the conditioner. It doesn't &#34;wow&#34; me, but it is a nice splurge.
I mainly purchased this for the scent. It doesn't really do anything to make my hair LOOK spectacular (I use other products for that), but I always get compliments on how my hair SMELLS.
This product is good for those that have a greasy scalp. It didnt fit me right. The smell is great and herbal. And your scalp feels pretty good, But beware it might dry your hair out.
I bought this product two weeks ago and had been using it everyday...I am not seeing much progress, may be I need to wait more???
Although the product does moisturize the eye area, it does not help with wrinkles or bags.  I don't have many wrinkles but the few I have it does nothing to help.
Not the best color, need to reapply 2-4x weekly--however, the neatness, no spray and no mess makes these a good product.
Let me just begin by saying that I'm allergic to most brands of makeup.  Especially, eye make up. I tried the glominerals mascara and had to return it for that reason. I can, however, use foundation and blush, if I keep it away from my eyes.  This falls into that category. I usually use Jane Iredale makeup.  It is rather expensive, but worth it.  I thought glominerals might be on the same line as Jane Iredale and/or Bare Minerals, but less expensive. Well, for someone with my sensitivity to make up, it is not. I also have very dry skin, and I'm not a youngster.  At 63, my skin has become more challenging to work with. I think this make up would be great for younger skin (a young woman in my office told me about glominerals, and I decided to try it because her skin looks great!).  I find that it's not the best choice for me. This blush is a nice soft shade, it goes on easily, and it has a natural appearance. I doubt if I'll buy it again, but I didn't want to go to the trouble of returning it.  It works, it's just not the best choice for me.
The more I use Glo Minerals, the more I wonder if A) I'm getting a fake product or B) It's getting way more credit than truly deserved. I have used the compact pressed powders, liquid foundation, blush, and concealer. Judging by the price and reviews, I was prepared to be amazed. Sadly I wasn't. This blush is so small I cannot believe I paid $20 for it. I thought I had received a sample pack by accident until I look at the ounces advertised with the ounces printed on my blush. I could have gotten a compact of blush four times the size for 1/4 of the cost and it lasts just as long on my face. This blush is not amazing and I feel like I've only paid for the name. As a matter of fact, my eye swelled up after using this blush and is still swollen and extremely painful 24 hours later. I've never had sensitive skin and I'm just hoping I haven't gotten a fake product.
Firstly I ordered brown and received black instead. Secondly, I wonder if the seller that I purchased from sent an out of date product because I found the mascara to be heavy and a bit chunky. I couldn't achieve well separated, nicely curled lashes free of chunks. I'll stick to my cheap drugstore brand, thank you.
My wife uses daily.
I love, love, love this gloss but was very disappointed with this particular color.  It's an odd mix - there's no 'depth' to the color.
A birthday gift for my wife, this nicely arrangedbasket containing bath care products was deliveredto our home only four days after the order wasplaced at Amazon.com.  She's delighted with theselection of items, thank you.Frederick S.
It doesn't live up to the Trind name but I still use it.  I've have others that cost about the same but costs less.
It was easy to apply and it did help the ridges on my nails quite a bit but not completely.  I will keep using to product.  Maybe in the long term it will be better.
I have been buying Trind for years now - overall, this brand is very good for the nails. It strengthens the nails and prevents nail damage. I must admit - I have been buying Trind outside the country, mostly in Russia where its very popular. I bought this product expecting the same results - and thh results are so so. The gloss does not stay on that well, and certainly does not enhance nail growth or strengthens the nail to the same degree as the one I used to buy. Its not a bad product and probably the best one on the  mkt for nail repair, but not what i quite expected.
I bought this to attempt an at home bikini wax and it did not work. I usually get them done and knowing I would not be as skilled I wanted to ease the pain. I FELT EVERYTHING! One review says be careful because wax can be too hot and you will not feel it, I want what she has because this is not it. I also have a prescription 5% cream and there is a huge difference.
This product didn't really work any better than ice.  So I suggest saving your money.  But perhaps it depends on which body part.
It was okay. Not a huge numbing agent but a bit. Not the same strength as the dr office. I wanted it for numbing on a Brazilian laser treatment and I don't think it was very effective.
This LMX numbing cream is for anal use. I didn't say that on the add but said so on the box. She will try some on her legs to see how well it numbs for the electrolysis
I purchased this to see if it would help with tattoo removal a little bit.  I decided to do a test run first on laser hair removal.  I applied it approximately an hour before my procedure and covered it with saran wrap.  It might be because I waited an hour but I really didn't feel like it helped numb up the area that much.  I may try it again with a shorter duration between the application and the procedure to see if that helps more.
Work for irritated or sensitive skin on the forehead or arms.I would recommend this product. works in about 5 minutes
it is a classic and rather a timeless scent. I bought it thinking it was another one I had smelled years ago but its not. it is a bit overwhelming and you only need a dab. trust me. since it was not for me I gave it to my mother who absolutely loves it.
I bought this product to help with my splitting/peeling nails.Packaging issue:I bought this product and ended up having trouble using it because the tube is metallic in nature and one push, which I guess was a bit too strong, caused the cream to start flowing through the tip.  I tried to cause the flow to stop by manipulating the tube a little, but it seemd to only get worse.  In the end it could only be stopped by putting the cap on or keeping my finger over the tip.  The moment I would attempt to open it again the cream would again begin flowing out.  I finally gave up and drained it into a little plastic container used for samples.Actual cream review:I have been using this cream for a few days and it does feel heavy as mentioned by a previous reviewer.  As of yet I do not notice any differences in my nail appearance/feel.  I am using this as a nail cream  and choose not to push back my cuticles.
Personally I don't think the scent is overpowering and I am sensitive to scents. I rather have my baby's diaper area smell like this than ...well, you know.  This just adds another dimension of clean after I use wipes. What I don't like is that the bottle is leaky and I have to always keep it upright.
This cleans my baby really well and leaves his skin soft.  I love it for diaper changes.  I use 1 squirt on a cotton ball and it is enough for all but the messiest changes.  I also keep some in a mini-spray bottle in my diaper bag, and it is great when we are away from home to clean any kind of baby mess.  It removes spit up, all poo traces, and even aquaphor if I used too much, and never irritates my baby's skin.However, the fragrance is overpowering and my baby cries if I use it on his face/neck folds after breastfeeding.  The smell becomes very nice about a half hour after applying after it wears off a bit, but straight from the bottle is quite strong.  I wish there were an unscented version of this.
I think this well enough but the scent is a little overpowering. It's not a bad smell but just stronger than I would prefer.
&#50500;&#51060;&#44032; &#50500;&#51452; &#51096; &#50416;&#44256; &#51080;&#50612;&#50836;&#45824; &#47564;&#51313;&#54616;&#44256; &#51080;&#44396;&#50836; &#48176;&#49569;&#51060; &#51312;&#44552; &#45734;&#50612;&#49436; &#44536;&#47111;&#51648;&#47564;&#44536;&#47000;&#46020; &#49912;&#44256; &#51339;&#51008; &#51116;&#54408;&#51060;&#50612;&#49436; &#47784;&#46160;&#50640;&#44172; &#52628;&#52380;&#54633;&#45768;&#45796;. &#47784;&#46160; &#54620; &#48264; &#44221;&#54744;&#54644;&#48372;&#49464;&#50836;b
Everything I read said that Nars Orgasm was the best blush ever, in the whole world and on and on... I ran out of blush so I got a Nars blush in the Orgasm color ... Ok, so its nice. The texture of the pressed powder is very fine, and it goes on smoothly with a big sable brush.  The compact is nice looking but it has no applicator, so if you travel make sure you pack an applicator for this.I like the blush, but I don't think I just HAVE to have it again. I really like the Yves Saint Laurent Blush Variation 11, and the new YSL Touche Blush that has the applicator built into the bottle. I think I like the YSL products a lot more than Nars. Nars tends to skimp on applicators - and make it difficult for you to use their products if you travel.  I have their eyeliner in a bottle with a separate applicator - a pain to travel with too.  (YSL products also smell better than Nars products)
All the magazines rated Orgasm blush by Nars to be the very best and I personally didn't like it.The color is very washed out- I have blonde hair and blue eyes and very fair skin, and i need to reapply this several times,  during the day.  It gave me NO color at all.  I don't wear alot of blush, but you need to see "some" color!  I was very disappointed with this one!
I truly love this blush...the texture is so silky and the color is so beautiful and it lasts for hours...but it makes me break out! I am so dissapointed! As soon as I use it, a couple of hours later, I have a zit on my cheek! I have switched to Bare Escentuals blushes, which are also pretty, and I have not broken out. I so do wish Nars would create a oil-free version, then I can go back and start using it again...
I found a little inconvinient to use the loose power eye shadow, the package is small, but it is not portable since it is a loose powder
My sister loves this stuff, its one of her favorites... as for myself, the smell is unique but it tends to bother me if I wear it.  If you have allergies, might be a little strong on the senses.
I found this mascara came off below my eye after swimming (and I wear goggles.)  I'm looking for another one that is waterproof.  It goes on well and looks good.
I most say like most other opinions of this product it is smelly and unattractive but that doesn't mean it doesn't have good days. I like this product as a cleanser at night b/c i don't have to use anything else. I still use a three step system in the morning and together they work for me.
Wanted to try this so bad...and so I did. It did nothing for me. Sure, it moisturizes, but it doesn't control oil at all and doesn't help blemishes..It smells TERRIBLE. There's this underlying scent. My mom says it smells like pot. She's right unfortunately. I'm trying to get used to the scent, but because of that sharp undertone I just can't. It isn't doing anything for my skin either...LUSH has amazing skin products, so I'll stick with FF and MoM.
When I first tried this product, I was in love! It smelled great. But the next morning, when I put it on before going to work...it smelled really odd. Perhaps it doesn't mix well with MY body chemistry, because the lovely scent changed on my skin. I ended up washing my arms off in the bathroom at work. It smells really odd on me. The scent reminds me of the cheap, weird-smelling baby wipes my mother used to buy for my nephews. I really don't want to smell like 'butt wipes'! I might try just sprinkling it on my clothes (and rubbing it in so you can't see it, obviously!).Also, the container leaks pretty easily if you're not careful handling it.
I LOVE Lush, but was not totally in love with the smell of this product.  Thought it would smell better than it did.  It does what it's supposed to and gets my skin very soft, but I'm not wild about the scent.I still love Lush and their other products though =]
This dusting powder wasn't everything I expected it to be. It smelled rather "grandmotherish". But after using it a few times the scent is growing on me and I'm using it more. I'm actually starting to like it.Update:  I have been using this for a while now and I have had SUCH a change of heart!  I love this scent!  I just recently bought the All That Jasmine bath bomb which has the same Jasmine scent and it left my bathroom smelling delicious for days!  I had company visit me for a week and the wife kept asking me what in my bathroom smells so good.  She kept saying she could spend all of her time in there and wants her bathroom to smell like that.  It really does smell so good.The Silky Underwear after the All That Jasmine bath bomb will leave you smelling great for hours.  I only wish LUSH made a body cream or lotion in this scent.
I admittedly have never used powders of any kind of a regular basis (I am trying to figure out how a dry powder moisturizes skin). However, I appreciate the light scent - it's kind of cocoa like, but not like your kids chocolate flavored lip gloss. I've been using it under my arms during the winter months.
This is not worth $15 (cost plus ship).  Did not produce exciting results, just an ordinary powder.  Will not order again.
This is a very nice dusting powder with a pleasant light smell, but having used other LUSH products and being extremely impressed with those, I guess I was expecting more.  It doesn't leave my skin as soft as I thought it would.
The powder definitely has a silky, fine texture.  However, this scent was not as appealing to me as another from the Lush line.  It really is an unusual fragance.  I used it twice.  I'll give it to my niece to try.  But, I won't purchase this one again.
I absolutely love Lush products, and any bath product/fragrance that smells like vanilla or candy.  The Creamy Candy Bath Melt smelled like both vanilla AND candy so I figured it would be the best of both worlds and, scent-wise, it kind of was.  In the winter my skin is super dry so I need something with major hydrating properties but without that greasy after-feeling.  I've tried the Dreamtime Melt and it did the trick, unfortunately this was a little bit different.  The size I received looked large enough to split in two, but as the first half dissolved in the bath it didn't feel moisturizing enough so I used the second half, too.  It made my skin soft, which was nice, but it still felt dry.  The bath didn't feel "creamy" as it should, either.  It was kind of soapy, actually.  The good thing about it though is that I didn't feel greasy afterwards.  If you have really dry skin like me, I'd recommend something a little more hydrating like the Dreamtime Bath Melt, otherwise it's an overall nice product.
It left a film on my skin that looked like powder that I wasn't too happy about. The smell is okay I didn't really think it was all that great. It was okay for a one time kind of thing. I love lush but this one I'm not so sure about.
I don't know why my rating shows only 3 stars, I must have made a mistake, this is definitely a 5 STAR !!  Love this soap, it makes my skin feel so clean and soft.  It works wonders when soaping up to shave your legs too!  It will leave them feeling velvety!  This soap is moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy.When I read the review about the strong gardenia smell, I had to just now go and smell the soap bar.  I don't agree with that at all.  I don't think it smells overwhelming at all, I think it has a very light smell and not of gardenia at all, it smells very natural and clean.I highly recommend this and have to my friends!  I find it great to use in the summer months, especially if you live in a humid area, so you can still be moisturized but skip the lotion...Norma >^..^&lt;
I got a bar of extra virgin olive oil soap as a free gift at an in-store event at Lush, but I wouldn't have bought it if I were paying for it.The soap, as with all Lush soaps, does its job, but the smell is not that pleasant. It smells a little too overwhelmingly of gardenia. Which would be nice in, say, a gardenia-scented soap. But this is an olive oil soap, so I would think it would smell a little more earthy. If you like flowery scents, though, you will probably like this one!I think the soap just might have too much going on, scent-wise: gardenia, coriander, fennel, grapefruit, rose, bay, and pepper? You could most certainly make many different soaps that have simpler, more straightforward, less confused scents that smell awesome. But this one is just too busy. I'm going to let mine air out and hope the scent is less overwhelming in the future.
Although this bar does really put a lot of "Shimmer" on, it does not act as a soap, it's not really a "clean" feeling.  The residue it leaves while going on does not allow you to put cream or anything on afterwards.  $5.95/each plus shipping seems to be an OK price, but would rather see it in a store to purchase.With all this being said, the "Shimmer" is quite pretty.
I love Caswell-Massey, I have used Tricorn for years. This is OK. I love the smell of patchouli, but this powder doesn't have much ofsmell.
You can buy this here, and it says it ships "prime" but you can't get it in 2 days. You will get it "free" (meaning it will come included with your prime shipping) but it will not come shipped within the 2 day shipping. (Don't count on in for Christmas, and don't use Amazon's shipping dates for Christmas! I learned that the hard way! Best give your mom the I.O.U. And the gift card to the upscale boutique where you ought have purchased this in the first place!) It will arrive to her doorstep in the Amazon packaging, and it will send a tracking text to your phone. Both a plus!Escada is a lovely fragrance, and that it still sells in 2009 when Escada releases a new fragrance every year every season says something. My mother made sure I knew it was the 2003 RED bottle she wanted. Magnetism does have staying power! If it's the RED bottle from 2003 she wants, that's the bottle you should buy. Perhaps you should order it a bit farther in advance than I did, however. The price was good here. The tracking text to my phone was nice. The speed, NOT a plus.I was lured in by the "Prime." It does NOT come 2 days because it is NOT actually coming from Amazon. It's from a second vendor through Amazon. I ordered it late, and it will arrive by January 4th, a full 10 days after what it said it would be when I ordered it. The shipping is free, and included in the Prime, but no where NEAR December 28th, the day it SAID it would be there when I purchased it.
I love the J.R. Ligget bar shampoo soaps. They take up less space in the shower and lather up quite well even in rock hard water we have in New Mexico. I've tried the Herbal, Regular and the Damaged Hair formula. I switched to the Damaged Hair formula for the winter months when I noticed that I had more fly-away hair and I didn't want to use a conditioner. It reduced my fly away hair problem, but seems to be too much moisturizing now that spring has arrived.  I didn't noticed a chemical smell that another reviewer reported, but it didn't have the pleasant smell that I enjoyed from the Herbal bar.
I haven't found this to be a miracle product, but I will continue to give it a shot.  I like that it isn't chock full of chemicals.
This is very good, almost too good, it cleans too good.  Would be perfect if I still worked outside on the farm, but I don't get that dirty anymore, I work in a office.  The firemen & construction workers love it.
I liked it but found its a novel product and not good for long term use.  I bought them for Christmas presents for eco minded family and friends.
It get's your hair clean, but you will look like you didn't rinse all the way by the end of the day. I used the full bar to give it time to "work." It didn't.If you have oily hair, this product make it look like you don't bathe every day and may give you dandruf. At least that's what it did for me.
seller is great, but not a fan of this product. i saw it on a you tube from a person who uses it on their hair and recommended it but i did not like how it did not produce any lather and to me it was itchy on my head after rinsing out.
This is a product that I usually buy in smaller amounts at the store.  Buying online in this gallon size was a good buy.  Just wish it would have come with a pump and that it didn't have a sort of 'sour odor' that I haven't noticed from this product from my in-store purchases.
the purchase process was flawless... arrived earlier than expected!I purchased the Alba Very Emollient Body Lotion to use in my massage practice. I have found it doesn't work well for a massage lotion. It absorbs fairly quickly and requires re-application for better glide. When used on it's own it can get thick and cakey and flake off some. I have combined it with a massage oil and use it warm to prolong the glide. It does have a pleasant scent and would probably be great for a daily lotion!
It is okI did not feel too rich or to light when I used it in winter at dallas
The list price is $46, and $12 discount. Sounds like you get a good deal with just $34. But H2O official website list price is $34 too... I don't know where the $46 is coming from. The lotion itself is good, I have been using it for 2 years.
The h2o body gloss is a "dry oil" spray.  The scent is fairly fresh.  Like a nice soap with a hint of mint that in this product..... (the mint) I wish wasn't there.  The overall scent is pleasent though.  The gloss works well enough. Best on damp skin.  It is not intensely moisturizing though.  ONly buy if you LOVE dry oils...... doesn't work terribly well for the price.
Nice smell, but i think maybe is to expensive for to little perfume. I cant find more for less money.
It is a dry brush but I willl bot recommend for it to accidentally get wet.. it smells. it is a bit harsh when you now start to use it and I have not been using it that long enough for it to get softer.
I like this brush but you get some strong exfoliating with the bristles.  For those who are using it for dry brushing be aware that it does leave light scratches on the skin sometimes.
Just be careful with your brush collecting bacteria. I used it for dry skin brushing straight out of the package (brand new) a couple times and then got a severe rash on my chest that I needed a prescription steroid cream from the dermatologist and three weeks to heal completely. I'm guessing some bacteria got on it somehow and transferred under my skin. It makes me sad, because I was really looking forward to all the health benefits of dry skin brushing. And washing the brush after every use is just impractical for me. So just be careful. I'm not saying don't use this brush altogether, but take precaution. Start with a clean body, then maybe wrap the brush in plastic after use and store in a cool, dry place until next time and wash with antibacterial soap every week or something.
Maybe I should use it more often or exfoliate for more than an hour to actually feel the difference. Maybe I'm doing it wrong? The product its great, no complains, but not sure if it works..
I am not an expert on skin brushing but I do not think that the brush is suppose to feel like you are scraping your skin off.  This brush is VERY hard.  It has thick stick like stems incorporated into the bristles.  I was trying to brush as gently as I could and I was still having scrape marks on my skin.  I sat with scissors and tried to cut all of the sharp stick things out of the bristles (I had a lot of time on my hands) and it still feels like a brush you would use to brush a horse.  I read that a dry skin brush is suppose to be not to firm and not to soft and in my opinion this one is to hard.
However, my most recent one (you should replace every 3 months or so) is incredibly coarse.  I'm still using it and hope the coarseness will dull with continued use.
Although the texture of the brush is a little rough I still enjoyed using it as a body brush -- definitely felt very invigorating and refreshing. However, if you have sensitive skin you might want to look for a brush with softer bristles.
Not sure if this thing does much of anything. I dont realky see any difference in my skin. But for a good massge I guess its ok. Just seems like a big brush to me.
This is a nice looking brush, and the handle attaches perfectly (I read someone had trouble in the reviews).  I find the bristles a bit too abrasive for me.  I use it as a dry brush on my body, and it kind of hurts.
I purchased this brush to help with skin brushing on my back.  I have a smaller hand brush, which is suitable to most body areas that I can reach.This brush is somewhat harsher, with stiffer bristles, and I have to be careful not to brush too hard.  I find I only use it to brush my back and use the softer brush for the rest of my body.
i thought I would receive a brush with a replacement brush because of the picture but I didn't. I like the brush because it doesn't mold like the brush I purchased at another store. The appearance was not attractive upon arrival however, it was functional and the bristles seemed longer and more stable than another brush that I have that is more expensive.
These appear to be identical to the nut-milk bags. Not sure what I was expecting, but I didn't think they'd be the same product. Thought this should be pointed out to anyone else considering this product.
Item is very nice quality but the problem is that ist way to sharp for my skin and painful to use..
the brush i received was similar to, but not, the brush that is pictured for this product. the brush i received was in 2 pieces, and i wouldn't have ordered it if i had known that, because i have used them in the past, and the brush head flies off when you are trying to use it. this is no different, the brush head flies off during use.
ok so the bristle is good but who knows how long it will be like that after several usage. so far it is good as a dry brush only
I wanted a brush for the shower, and this isn't it.  Really, it hurts in the shower.  Use only DRY before your shower.  kinda weird, but nice for scratching off dead skin and stimulating softness.Not so great is, the head does not stay on if you hang it upside down.
This skin brush could have been perfect.  The brush itself is amazing.  Scrubs very well, very durable.  The only problems is the handle it attaches to.  To attach it, you just slide it in.  When scrubbing your back, it will just as easily slide out.  I believe a screw in option would make this thing perfect.  If it were not for the handle falling off, i would have given this item 5 stars, one of the main reasons i got this item was to scrub my back
I was expecting this to have nice firm bristles, according to the many great reviews. It does NOT..they are not firm at all! I guess the people giving this brush stellar reviews must have thin sensitive skin..i dont. I have to scrub really hard for it to halfway remove the rough patches! I'm gonna try the more expensive brush on here for $35..they use it in the spa's on cruise ships, etc. A reviewer said that it has more stiff, firm & rough bristles..that's what my skin needs!
I can't complain about this.  It has a nice smell and is good fro applying prior to the self tanner.  It almost seems like an x-tra dry oil.  I have another dry oil I use for regular moisturizing because I have dry skin and will still use that for my regular use.  Will probably stick to this just for the self tanner.
Feels nice but has a funky smell. Overall ok product, I would likely  purchase again or recommend to a friend.
I'm not going to say it's the best purchase, but it does what it's designed to do.  However, it does occasionally come un-suctioned (if that's a word...LOL) from the surface it's applied to.  If it's not being put to long periods of time, it's worth the purchase.
I'm just a student at a beauty school. I saw this vacuum stand mannequin head holder and thought it was a little high but I need one and thought the color look pretty nice so I brought this and then when I receive it in the mail it was a dull looking turquiose color. It was not the same color on their advertise picture.
This a pretty good product, but I give it 3 stars because of the price vs. value. There are Ouidad products I give 4 stars though (I use many of their products)my favorite being the Curl Quenching line, it works great on fine, curly hair and your hair smells wonderful afterwards.If you want Ouidad though, buy it from their site. It's MUCH, MUCH more expensive from the dealer selling it on Amazon. Buy it direct, and you'll save a lot of money! Here is an example, the conditioner I use costs $40 for 32 oz direct from Ouidad, here they want almost $18 for 8oz! It's ridiculous.
it definitely smells like a wood, doesn't really smell like anything else i have that is sandalwood. the soap part is of high quality and provides a rich and moisturizing lather. i hope this helps.
I agree with other reviewers that without doing this in a protected area it can get very messy. I have assistance using the device and we use soft sponges to help even out the tan and it works much better. You can line your area with plastic before starting,I would suggest using it in the bath, still line the area with plastic, you can use a cheap shower curtain to hang on the back side of the shower and make sure you clean up immediately afterward.I give the product 3 stars because with the right assistance it can turn out just as good as a spray tan from the tanning salon.
I am giving this 3 stars for now.  I noticed a slightly decreased amount of hair in the drain after the shower, but I have not noticed any regeneration...yet, hopefully.  I am using this shampoo on Mon, Wed, and Fri (just so I can remember) but may try it every day and then reduce by one day going forward.  I do still use my conditioner because I find that this shampoo dries my hair (and flattens it; I normally have very wavy hair).  I will update again in a couple of weeks.
Smells great, lathers amazing, the bottle lasts along long time.  Am I for sure its the thing thats working ?  I can't be sure, but its pretty nice.
Pretty good only been using it for 4 weeks. It's strong. But Im Still waiting to see result. Can't complain so far. P.s. Get the conditioner too. ;)
It seems to have started working a little. But I didn't keep up with it...it won't make hair magically grow, but for people like me that have psoriasis, folliculitis, & dermatitis on their scalp which causes the hair to thin, it really does help to re-vigorate ones scalp to help keep the blood circulating therefore bringing oxygen to the damaged parts to help the scalp renew the damaged area quicker & healthier so the hair will grow back in & stay in b/c of a healthier, vigorous scalp.
I'm highly curious on how this shampoo is pure liquid (before turning into foam), if ingredients &#34;claims&#34; it contains many different types of OILS(Macadamia nut oil, seed oil, Evening Primrose Oil), which would make sense to result in a thicker oily shampoo...
I like Laura Mercier cosmetics but this is just your average lip balm in a plastic case.  I was mildly disappointed to discover that, despite the lovely color of the balm, it doesn't actually add any color to my lips.  There are many lower-priced lip balms that do the same thing this one does.
My siser recommended this hair spray and when it was on sale while buying 2, we couldn't pass it up. After one use though, the next day it was spraying me in the face. I had to clean off all the gunk on the nozzle. I barely used it the day before so thought it was just a one time thing. No, I've had this for 6 months and hate using it. It holds ok but how quickly it clogs up the nozzle is not worth it. I thought too maybe it was my bottle, my sister's does it as well. Maybe we got a bad batch but unfortunately when this runs out I won't be running to replace it like I would other products.
I feel the first application normal, but in the third week you feel changes normal, I change for a one better
Have been using a different cream and thought I would give this a chance because of price per ounce.  Seems a little heavy and not as rich as I had hoped.  Will go back to my other cream.
I love this product, and as mentioned on the product's page, can be used WET or DRY. Well, the batteries died so I changed them. Didn't work, so I tried a different brand, still doesn't work. I'm going to attempt to contact Pretika and see if they can do anything or if this was misrepresented somehow. This is why I rated it 3.
I bought 2 bottles based on reviews here. I was looking for a less expensive alternative to Vitabath moisturizing bath & shower gelee. It smells about the same, but is better suited to a bubble bath than a shower gel. It is drying to the skin when used as a bath gel, which I believe is due to the propylene glycol. Most of the organics found in Vitabath seem to be missing.Vitabath Original Spring Green moisturizing bath & shower gel (partial list): Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract, Equisetum Arvense Leaf Extract, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Lanolin Oil.Badedas: Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract, that's about it for the Badedas.In short, Badedas smells good, has cool German label, but I really miss the Vitabath. If I were using it in a bath rather than a shower, I'd probably be more pleased. I'm using it up, but hope to find a sale on Vitabath one day soon, and use this as a backup.
That's pretty much it - I didn't like the smell and found the color to be a bit much. But this product really has a strong following, so it's really just my personal preference that the pine-like smell is not my thing. The bubbles were good enough, but I felt like I was bathing in floor cleaner due to the scent. I used it to fill the bathroom handsoap dispenser and it works well. But my hands have the lingering scent. This is a good thing if you like the scent, because it does a good job clinging to your skin unlike many bubble baths.
I like Nivea Creme quite a lot, and wanted to try the 'Made in Germany' version to see what all the hype is about. Unfortunately, though the seller "American Beauty" writes 'Made in Germany' in the product description, the product upon receipt was in fact the same old U.S. 'Made in Mexico' stamped on the jar product.
While OK and with an unusual scent, this soap falls far short of replacing the nice, mild scented avocado soap previously available from Crabtree & Evelyn.
I like Caswell Massey products so I bought this to try a new scent. The picture of a sailboat and the description suggests outdoor, fresh air type of scent. Don't be fooled. It is super floral - of the type of flowers that are not so fresh-cut and have been indoors already for a few of days. In short, it is more reminiscent of indoor sports than outdoor sports.
I bought this for my husband and myself. He has been suffering from itchy scalp and flakes all his adulthood and I got itchy scalp a few months ago --but not much flakes. We both have very short hairs, mine is pixie short now.After a few weeks of using it, he is fairly happy because the flakes are almost gone and the itchiness is much less.However, it didn't do the job for me at all. It made my hair super dry, ripped off my hair color, and strangely enough, my scalp is more itchy now than it was and I see lots of flakes falling off that they weren't there before. I switched to my regular shampoo, but my husband will use this bottle.I am not sure if I recommend this for dyed hair.
I've tried this product for 2 weeks now before I write this review just so I have big enough a sample space to comment on the effectiveness of this shampoo. I agree with all other reviewers that this is indeed a very effective shampoo at combating dandruff and itchiness of the scalp. I have tried Selsun Blue and Head & Shoulder. Neither is very effective, esp. when to comes to itchy scalp. My scalp often get itchy by late afternoon (enough I shampoo every morning), and dandruff gets everywhere when I start scratching it. With this shampoo, after a week's usage, I hardly feel the itchiness anymore, and no dandruff at all. It's also pretty good at eliminating the oiliness too, although I still get some of that by late evening.Overall I highly recommend this shampoo for combating dandruff, itchy scalp and oily hair.I am going to try to use this every other day now to see if it still can keep its effectiveness.One thing I want to point out is that the price for this product varies a great deal over a period of time. So keep an eye on the price history of this product.Update 8/11/2013:I am changing my rating from 5-star to 3-star after 2 bottles of usage of this shampoo. It seems after using it for a while the effect of controlling itchiness is either reduced or gone. I still get the itching scalp everyday in the afternoon when I shower in the morning with the shampoo. Plus the price of this shampoo is getting ridiculous.So recently I found a much better alternative--tea tree shampoo and conditioner by Trader Joe's. The shampoo and conditioner are made of mostly natural oils and contains no sulfur, the foaming agent, which is what I believe the culprit for causing all that itchiness. I highly recommend giving that product a try. Oh, BTW. buy them from local store (around 4 bucks a bottle) if you have a local Trader Joe's nearby, as people are selling here on Amazon with a big mark-up.
Have purchased before the set, the lack of availability forced me to buy it by itself, but felt it was expensive for the single product only.
This hand cream is fine, but you can save yourself the money and wait by going to walmart and getting Udderly smooth, has about the same consistency, lasting power and moisture retention. wouldn't purchase again
Works about as good as similar products.  Tip for dry cuticles: try undistilled cider (live culture), around and ujnder the nails.  It kills a bacteria that causes dry cuticles and that awful 'white stuff', and worked well for me.
Most cuticle nippers in pharmacies are too large and bulky, and/or not terribly sharp, not to mention expensive. These Club1 nippers are an alternative for hangnails and ingrown nail corners, though don't expect them to do fine cuticle trimming.Both nippers I bought clearly weren't originally 1/4 jaw. The top of the jaws were not perfectly smooth after evidently being machined down, probably from 1/2 jaw models. It's still sharp, but the fit is not perfect, and the shape is clumsy. For delicate work, spend the $30+ for a genuine made-in-Solingen nipper. A 1/2 jaw Dovo would do finer cuts than these 1/4 jaws, however, you can save the Dovo for small stuff, and use an expendable Club1 on harder cuttings.Also, you can't remove the spring-action, which I've always disliked particularly since these have a rough and jerky motion, but at least you can turn the little arms around.
This is not what I expected. I needed cotton to stuff vials of pills to prevent auto-pulverization. With this product I have to shove about three feet of coil into a 40 dram bottle and it looks, frankly, like a mess.
In general this product does work.BUT potential skin rashes, bad smell, and taking longer to apply than just shaving.  I went back to shaving right away.  Tested an area on my arm for 3 weeks.  No noticable reduced hair regrowth.
I ordered 2 of them and one turned out to be just plain pumice stone without foaming. Too much hassle to deal with a return, but will think twice before reordering.
I bought this concealer mainly for under my eyes but it works well for scars and blemishes too. It's not worth the $20 I paid for it though. It's an extremely small container and I had to double check to see if I had gotten a sample sent to me by accident.  It really is that small. This wasn't the case though. The advertised ounces and the ounces printed on the container were the same. Judging by the picture, I thought it would be the same size as the compacts. It's 1/4 the size of the compacts. It didn't budge when applying make over it but it did fade within a few hours, exposing my horrible imperfections on my face.. The more I use Glo Minerals, the more I wonder if A) I'm getting a fake product or B) It's getting way more credit than truly deserved. I have used the compact pressed powders, liquid foundation, blush, and concealer. Judging by the price and reviews, I was prepared to be amazed. Sadly I wasn't. Now that's I've tried most of their products, I do believe I will be searching somewhere else for a better quality product.
I just purchased my second Hot Tools curling brush.  I really like the appliance, but the bristles are very brittle and break very easily.  I found out (after my second purchase!) that replacement bristles can be purchased directly from the manufacturer (Helen of Troy).  A phone call to the company helped 1-800-487-8769.
depressingly small amount for how much it costs. cut the price in half, and i would have given five stars.
i originally wrote a review about nano shampoo saying how effective it is at treating hair loss and it is initially, after using for a couple of weeks it did thicken my hair and i was very excited at the beginning. what i noticed after using this shampoo for a over a year is that it seems to lose it's effectiveness and my hair went back to it's thin look. i gave up on this shampoo soon after. it's an ok shampoo, but for $40 ok just doesn't cut it.
I gave three stars because my hair feeling good after applying this cream, but it is absolutely does not cover gray, so if you want a little shine to your hair use it.
The tummy butter is good in that it soothes and moisturizes the tummy but it didn't do ANYTHING to prevent stretch marks...I got so many of them anyway! Also, I don't like it that the butter has a greasy feel to it. I tried the mama mio tummy rub oil and it doesnt seem as greasy as Bella B. Overall, this product is not effective for its purpose but is a good natural moisturizer.
I got this for my sister=in-law who is currently 14 weeks along in her first pregnancy.  I had read the reviews, and figured this had the best results for the price.  My sister-in-law said it is so greasy that she can only put in on at night with layered shirts.  I'm not sure if she's even using it anymore.  It's way to soon to  tell if it works, but if it does, the fact that it's greasy won't really matter.
This product is overall good: smells nice but feels a bit like thick grease, but overall a nice substance for the belly. I do not know if it prevents stretch marks or not.. I am 22 weeks and don't have any yet.
Good product, but I like Momma Mio better, not as greasey, so you can wear it under clothes
I have used this product throughout a majority of my pregnancy, faithfully applying it twice a day (like the directions say).  The ingredients are great - it has the cocoa butter (which is a must if people want to attempt to avoid stretch marks) and is all-natural with no parabens or other icky, chemical ingredients.  What I feel to be the major flaw in this product, though, is that it is heavy enough that it doesn't absorb very quickly so it ends up feeling like I have this layer of sticky, oily product on my belly/hips before getting dressed in the morning (or climbing into bed at night).  It may be that I am just extra picky - I don't like the feel of heavy products on my skin. I have tried other belly balms that are lighter and absorb faster, and have also used several different body oils, and have never had the "stickiness" problem that I feel with this one.The other thing I want to point out is that, while the product makes the claim to help "prevent stretch marks," this is largely a genetic thing and has to do with individual body types so I wouldn't put too much stock in the ability of the product to ward off all stretch marks.  I used this product faithfully for the past four months, twice a day, and still have a few stretch marks showing up.  I'll never know if the Tummy Honey Butter helped ward away some stretch marks, but it certainly didn't prevent them all!  My doctor said that, while it is good to use the cocoa butter because it helps, ultimately, if you are prone to get stretch marks (genetics, body type, etc.) you will get them!
I used this during my first pregnancy and when I first used it, I loved the aroma.  But as my pregnancy progressed, the smell was entirely too strong for me to handle.  Even my husband said it was strong, but he thought it was still pleasant smelling.  I didn't care much for the texture of the butter, it was slightly tacky, but I never had any problems with it ruining my clothes.  And I don't know if maybe I wasn't using enough (I tried to continue using it even with the strong aroma), but I still got plenty of stretch marks.  It just felt as though it wasn't absorbing enough to soften my skin for stretching.
I'm not sure about the effectiveness of this product because I've been too distracted by its incredible greasiness. Even after letting the product dry for 20 minutes before dressing, the product will leave grease marks on your clothing and cause your skin to stick to the ointment. Would not buy again.
I am about 7 months pregnant and have been using this stuff religiously since about 9 weeks.  I followed the directions and applied it every night and every morning, especially after I showered.  I still, somehow, got stretchmarks.  They showed up at about week 27 and have been getting progressively worse.  The product claims to reduce the appearance of stretchmarks, but no such luck yet.I also itch a LOT.  This is my first pregnancy; so, I really don't have anything to compare it to.  However, I feel like scratching my stomach MANY times a day.  Even right after application sometimes.I also had little red bumps show up, that itch, all over my stomach.  But, I've read that this could be a common pregnancy symptom and may not have anything to do with the product.On the positive side, I am still using this product.  My mother and sister had horrible stretchmarks (which is why I was trying to prepare) and they claim that mine aren't as bad.  So, perhaps the product helped a little.  I am not willing to take the chance of not using it and them getting even worse.
I've been using this for a little over a month and I don't think there are any new stretch marks, but I'm not sure if its helping my older ones like some of the other reviews have said.  I use it about twice a day.  Also its almost over, so I'm guessing its good for about 2
I bought the original TUMMY HONEY BUTTER for my first pregnancy and it was really an answer to my prayers. This was in 2008, this time I purchased it again hoping that the product is the same as the original one but not! This new product has a different scent and the quality of the butter is more let's say, less "natural" than the previous one who literally smells and feels like honey, I really loved the previous product, I still have some of it and still enjoy it. I wonder if they still sell the original product somewhere, I need to do the research now. I will use this one I bought, but sure there is a difference between both butters. What the heck with this new people, can't they tell the previous formula is better!
This has a thick balm-like consistency.  It doesn't absorb well, which made it hard for me to use regularly.  Since who wants to get it whatever clothing you're going to put on after you apply it greasy, especially the panel on your maternity jeans?I prefer the Weleda oil, which actually does absorb.
I really enjoy the smell. I have only been using it for two weeks so whether it actually helps with stretch marks I don't know. I keep getting emails to review the product. I don't want to mislead anyone by giving it 5 stars in case it ends up not working.
I purchased this product when I was about 14 weeks pregnant. It had a nice pleasant scent and was smooth and comforting.  I just wore a tight, long-length tank top over it because it does not absorb as some of the other users have posted. The tank top worked very well for preventing the grease from getting on my work clothes.I ran out of the product and ordered another jar 2 weeks ago (at 28 weeks pregnant) and it was grainy. When I apply it I get this insane itching like I am having an allergic reaction. Its a shame because there were only 14 weeks between the first and second order, yet the consistency was differnt.  I have a feeling the second one is a fake of some sort. It was so very differnt from the first one there is no way it could be the same ingredients. Another user mentioned it could have been how they were stored, but I still feel very suspicious of how the grains of sand manifest in the product.I think these should be tested in a lab, as we might be shocked to find out what the ingredients are in the "grainy" ones. At 30 weeks, I do not have any stretch marks, but from everything I have read if you are going to get them it is usually in the last 2 months of pregnancy anyway. I will post an update after having the baby. In the mean time I will be exchanging this grainy jarfor an ungrainy one and give it one more try.
I started using this every night at approximately 15wks. I'm not due for a few more months so only time will tell if it makes a difference in stretch marks or itching. I agree with the other reviewers who found it to be very thick, greasy and somewhat gritty. This is why I'm only using it at night. Although it probably rubs off onto my pajamas, it hasn't caused any problems and seems to wash off fine. I wouldn't wear it during the day or under anything you couldn't throw in the washer. That being said, I do like that I still feel it on my stomach when I wake up in the morning and the smell is fine. Also, a little goes a long way and I expect this tub to last at least 3-4 months. Not sure yet if I'll buy this again when it runs out or if I'll try out a similar product.
The product smells nice. It didn't melt my skin off and cause me to go to the hospital. I did notice a slight reaction to it though and had to stop using it. It might just be sensitive skin due to pregnancy, but I'm not typically very sensitive to these types of products. The consistency was waxy and it took some rubbing in the palms to get it manageable. For the price, I would have liked a better consistency and absorption. I have found more similar products that cost less but have these qualities.
I ordered this product from Amazon ~3 months ago, when I was 5ms pregnant, after I got my first stretch marks on my chest. I did leave a review shortly after saying something like 'so far so good'. Well, here is my update. I am now 37.5 wks pregnant and this last weekend I got stretch marks all over my belly. My skin itches and hurts, but of course it is the look that upsets me the most.So... when reading the reviews be sure to pay attention to those ppl who are in the final stages of their pregnancy, b/c this is when most of the stretch marks tend to appear. I have used the product for 3ms, twice a day, no skipping. It smells fine and it is greasy like every other belly butter that I came across (although all of them claim to be non-greasy). But all of this does not matter if it doesn't work. So I guess you can buy and use it - it won't hurt you. But it may not help as well.To those who are interested, I am 5ft7", started out 115lb, and 150 now.. so yes, I did gain 35lb and like they say it is 'all belly'. I eat very healthy and exercised regularly until 7.5ms pregnant (still do - just not as regularly :)Anyways, good luck to everyone with this product. It did not work for me, but maybe it will be a better fit for your skin.
really don't know if this product &#34;works&#34; but def don't like the texture.  it is REALLY sticky, like kinda use it sparingly and probably most likely at night, not with your day clothes.there are a lot of products out there, but i'm big on how it &#34;sits&#34; on your skin and smell, with that being said, i would not have bought this product.
It was hard to tell if this was really effective. My wife still ended up with several stretch marks while using this daily with her first pregnancy. With her second pregnancy, she didn't use it, and the got about the same number of stretch marks. Also, when she used it, it stained her light-colored shirts. I have heard that the best way to try to prevent stretch marks is just to drink lots of water.
I used this product twice a day throughout my entire pregnancy. I did not get stretch marks until the last 4 weeks. If stretch marks run in your family you are probably going to get them anyway.
Product touts not being greasy but it definitely is. Also doesn't fully soak in to your skin. Smells good though. Have just started using it so I can't comment on its effectiveness,
I'm 23 weeks pregnant,  I used Bella B Tummy Honey Butter for my belly and Earth Mama Angel Baby Natural Stretch oil for my breasts, so far so good and no stretch marks. I'm getting big fast, so i know my skin is stretching and i get itchy some times but both products have helped w my skin issues. The reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the butter is a little on the heavy side and it takes a while for it to be absorbed and it's not very smooth, but again it's butter not lotion. Overall is good, the main purpose of this product is so that you don;t get stretch marks, so far so good :)
I wish all products would list there ingredients on amazon. I recently purchased this item under the impression it is organic but it does contain TBHQ which is a preservative to lengthen shelf life that can potentially lead to ADHD in children if consumed in high amount. The FDA allows a small percentage in products and packaged foods like cereal and crackers etc. but I feel it's best to avoid it as much as possible. Just thought you should know if your one of those mommies that like all natural and wholesome products. I did try it a few times but for me it didn't seem to reduce the itchiness I was having. I do recommend using Earth Mama*Angel Baby Natural Stretch Oil- This product helps me with the itchiness and has only herbal and natural ingredients. My only issue is that its oil so of course you gotta air dry yourself a little after you apply it. I'm still searching for a lotion that is all natural and will relieve my itchiness, If any of you find one please let me know :)
I know stretch marks are hereditary but I still wanted a good tummy butter that's super moisturizing for my growing belly.  The smell doesn't really bother me, and this honey butter was super oily and moisturizing.  The only that I don't like about this product is that when it dries up, it tends to get flakey which was kind of annoying as it got on my shirts. The price is good but I think I'd just stick to raw coconut oil if I knew it'd get flakey...
This stuff smells good (like perfume) and feels pretty good on my skin, but it's a little sticky (the consistency is kind of like soft chapstick). I don't use it as much as I use other products because there are little bits of grittiness in the tub I got, which I've seen others complain about. I also do experience some light itchiness after I put it on and then put on my clothing.
its thick. more like a dense petroleum jelly. it makes me feel like its preventing the stretch marks even though I'm not certain it does. it feels like you are rubbing hair gel that never dries on your skin. i just put a tank top on and try to soak it up. you defiantly feel sticky and a little icky for a day or two even after washing it off.
I bought this for my wife, based on the multitude of nice reviews. She used it for a month, then developed a rash, which resolved with discontinuing the cream. Now using a calendula cream as thick, oily and very slowly to non-absorbable as the Bella B honey butter, and she has no problems. I guess it was a reaction not necessary related to the thickness of the cream as another reviewer suggested (heat rash), but rather to the ingredients (allergy?).3 stars for nice smell, consistency, felt good until developed rash. I guess if you are not allergic to it, it's a great cream.Update: I didn't even see that there is another review from today on the same subject :) I guess my wife is not the only one with an itchy belly due to this cream. They must be doing something wrong with the formula; I'll use it on my cracked heels and see what happens.
I felt like this product was way too greasy in feel and texture (feels just like vasaline). I have to wear a loose shirt or dress after I apply this butter because if not, my clothes are suctioned to my belly and later I have to wash out the oil stains to prevent permanent damage to my clothing. Other than that, I think it probably does work well; time will tell at the end of my pregnancy I suppose.
I bought this item because I read rave reviews from a bunch of celebrity Moms. I had been using Dancing Dingo's Tummy Butter. This product doesn't compare at all... it's super greasy and doesn't seem to last very long. I think part of the problem is that since it's greasy, it doesn't absorb into the skin very fast and it ends up on your clothes.I'll stick with Dancing Dingo.
Thank you Nortech for you speedy services and great price. Bella B Tummy Honey Butter was packaged well and brand new!I just got the product today and have used it once. I can tell you this- I LOVE THE SMELL OF THIS STUFF! Also, even though I have just used the product once, my dry hands feel moisturized without that "greasy, slippery" feeling that other lotions or Vaseline stuff leave. Great job Nortech and Bella B Tummy Honey Butter!I gave only 3 stars because I haven't used the PRODUCT enough yet to give it 5.
This product was really great when I bought my first two jars. I recently just bought a third jar and there are little grains that are in it and it makes me feel like there is dirt on my stomach. These little grains also contribute to making my stomach itch rather than giving me relief. I also got stretch marks right after I started using the third jar.Due to the lack in consistency with this product, I will not be buying it again. If I would've received the third jar first, I would've been really disappointed with this product.
I like this product overall, but it leaves my belly tacky to the touch. I find that it doesn't absorb and remains 'sticky' until I shower. I personally don't mind it, although my boyfriend doesn't like my "sticky belly". All in all, it's probably what makes the product effective, however, I'm shopping for alternatives that leave my skin more supple and soft instead of feeling like it has a thin layer of glue stick that hasn't dried.  I have to totally disagree with how "strong" the scent is. It says lightly scented, and it absolutely is. I would say this type of product comes down to personal preference - and although its not for me, I would still recommend it based on its effectiveness. I would just note the consistency, and the fact I feel like I have to wash my hands before I touch my face or anything else after I apply it.
Though it's a high-quality natural product, like many body butters, it leaves you feeling greasy for a while. I recommend Jergens Unscented lotion instead. I switched on a whim mid-way through my pregnancy. It absorbs quickly, doesn't leave any greasy film, and I was 100% stretch mark free after 42 weeks of pregnancy.
I got this product from a friend and I'll tell you how it ranks with the 2 other stretch mark products that I use. One is the very expensive Clarins Stretch Mark Control lotion (which was not worth the price at all), and my favorite the Mama Mio Tummy Rub Oil. Let me first describe what you'll experience when applying the Bella B product: imagine slathering Vaseline all over your belly, except the Vaseline feels like it has something weird and gritty/grainy in it. And it does not absorb well, even after hours later it still feels like you slathered Vaseline all over your belly. The plus side is if you get super dry in the winter, you can alternate this with other products to boost moisturization. The scent is not bad, either. I actually found that I liked to use it when I wore a pair of maternity jeans with a full belly panel that always slid down, but would not slide down if I had this stuff on my belly! (Yes it is sticky like that.) My favorite is the Mama Mio Tummy Rub oil. For being an oil, it absorbs remarkably well, smells divine, and is very easy and quick to apply. I use it the most of any of the others and I have not gotten any stretch marks, knock-on-wood, as I'm in my 37th week of pregnancy. The Clarins one felt like a normal lotion (no different for its $50 price tag), did not have a scent, and would not stop me from getting itchy like the other two. To sum up: don't buy this product unless you have super dry skin, wear a lot of full belly panel pants, and don't mind applying something that is the consistancy of Vaseline to a large area on your body. I would definately recommend going with the Mamma Mio Tummy Rub Oil instead.
It's an ok product. I was expecting for something better after reading the reviews and after using it didn't think that it was an wonderful stuff, but ok!
The top notes are fresh white flowers and very pleasant, but that only lasts a moment and then you're stuck with a very green smell. Overall it's not bad but a bit too aldehydic for me (like most older Chanel fragrances).
I'll say that the product does what it advertises:  it moisturizes the delicate eye area.Mine doesn't have any noxious odor - and I'm usually VERY sensitive to odor.  I have very dry under-eye-skin (I can use vaseline in a pinch), so my skin absorbs this like there is no tomorrow.  However, it is a yellow-orange color, and as I have very fair skin I can only use this at night unless I want to look like I lost a battle with a carrot.Further, I can't use this product in the Summer as my house is not air conditioned.  As soon as the temp goes above 70 degrees, the product seperates, and there is a an oily film (later an oily sauce) on the top of the balm, and what looks like buttered corn meal underneath. Not terribly appetizing.  I suppose I could get a small fridge for the bathroom, but just don't have the time. I complained to Suki about this last year; and didn't receive a response.  Was disappointed about that too. If my very sensitive skin didn't prefer their other products so much, I'd find another brand!  At least I've found a replacement for this product!
This arrived in only 4 days, and one day was a holiday, which was great.  It does smell bad, very much like bug spray, but that mostly dissipates after a while.  I'm 36 with normal/borderline oily skin, and it seems to make my eye area a little too greasy (I use very little at a time).  It does plump up my fine lines.  It may be much better for more mature skin.  It's my own fault for not clueing in to the "balm" part in the name.  I am now only using it as a heavy moisturizer for at night, and will continue to look for a less smelly/greasy cream for the daytime.  I will honestly probably not buy this again, it just didn't work out for me.
I was looking for a natural scrub on the market that wouldn't dry my face. This turned out to be just as good as any regular scrubs sold out there. It says it's natural, but when you look at the ingredients list, there's a bunch of ingredients that I consider to be unnatural.
This stuff made my face break out.  It works well as a reasonably priced body scrub.  kl; jkl; kjl; jkl;
I have been using Sephora Flawless Toner for a while now.  It seems to work well as far as toning my skin.  It appears to remove impurities from my skin.  The only criticism that I have about it is that has too much fragrance to it.  I would have rather have something that is fragrance free.
It is not really compatible with the Logitech Ultralight keyboard cover that I bought for my iPad 4. I cannot close the front cover with this back cover on it.
This is a really good product for SPF coverage, but I have found it to be more expensive than I am willing to pay.
The  seller was prompt to respond after I returned the items.We could not use them because the fragrance was too strong.Can be right for someone else.
Still makes my skin feel tight and dry.  Also cracks in the shower between uses and looks like the oil soaks to the bottom.
Since I, like most people, suffer from dry skin in the winter, I decided to try an olive soap.  It does leave your skin squeeky clean with no soap scum residue.  The bar last a long time too. However, I still feel like I need to apply a moisturizer after.  I was hoping to eliminate that need. I may try Olivella's moisturizer.I would recommend this soap but you may want to consider adding the moisturizer to your cart too!
I wanted to try this instead of my regular face cleaner. Having a moisturizing bar of soap instead of a gel I pumped from a bottle sounded neater, cheaper, like less clutter in the shower, all around more appealing. Even better if it were an inexpensive, cleansing, moisturizing soap.I thought an olive oil based soap was the way to go and I do feel cleansed after using it. However, I don't know about other people, but it is definitely not for my face.I have normal skin, not already dry or anything, and after washing my face with this, it felt clean, but tight and stripped of all moisture. I looked in my mirror and smiled just to flex my face and saw my skin stretch and wrinkle in areas I'd never even had wrinkles before. I had to moisturize for quite a while to get rid of that look and feeling.Not exactly what you want for your face if you're trying to keep wrinkles at bay and a soft youthful glow. This is not a soap you want to use if it's moisture you're seeking.I will keep using it as a body wash just because I have it and why not, but once it's gone, I won't be buying more.
In terms of the lather it provides, this is truly a fantastic shaving cream. You need only a tiny amount to produce a nice, thick coating.The scent, however, was a surprise. I expected it to be a lot more refreshing and citrusy. Instead, I would describe it more as musky with a hint of citrus.
Burts Bees is not making these anymore or they are just hard to find now.  They draw in heavy and waxy but they stay on well.  I used to think this pencil was the Bees Knees, but Target sells one that is natural under the name Boots Botanics that is just as good and possibly better.  The price is better at Target and availability much better than finding Burts Bees.
More hope in a tube. I thought I was above falling for this type of marketing, but I guess not. Not bad products, though. I like the face wash and the citrusy "Correct" serum. Does it do anything other than clean and mosturize? Doubtful.
i really liked this color. it was just beautiful and bright. but it only lasted a week. i used color care shampoo and conditioner, color care serum in my hair. i even stopped washing my hair every day and went to every other day to reduce the fading. it still didnt keep it in long. for me, not enough time to actually enjoy the color for the price.
The color fades pretty quickly, it's supposed to be a permanent dye but after like 6 washes, the color faded.
WARNING! This will not work the way it's supposed to of you don't have virgin hair, meaning hair that hasn't been dyed in months/years. I'd forgotten that I'd dyed my hair black back in December and this color only took on my roots. (My hair is usually very responsive to dye) The color that did show up was BRIGHT PINK, not magenta. I mean cotton candy pink. I used a 30 Dev with me.My ends (hair that had been dyed and had since faded months ago) was a dark pinkish red color. It actually looked pretty nice, but rediculous with cotton candy pink roots :-\Another color with this brand, Red, worked perfectly with my hair. Weird.Oh, well lessoned learned. Don't use unless your hair is virgin or you haven't dyed it in over 6 months/a year.
The lotion hydrates and is pretty thick, however it's not really organic and it smells kind of weird. I still like it though.
Just before I made a laughing stock of myself by announcing the magical disappearance of cellulite from my thighs it occurred to me that the smoothness and glow is a result of the few weeks I've used this product.I agree that it smells terrible, and am a bit wary of daily use of anything that contains soy oil --- and this has a lot of it. I really dislike how oily it makes my hands. Though dry, my hands respond better to fast absorbing products like Palmers'.Shea and Cocoa are both supposed to fade scars and marks so I hope this will do the trick. I was planning never to use this product again and bought Vaseline Smoothing Body Butter with Cocoa and Shea Butters 8 oz (227 g) which is just so expensive. Now I'm not so sure. Well, I'll use the Vaseline and decide.
This exfoliant goes with the whole Sun Lab tanning system. I suppose it might be a microexfoliant however it did not give a satisfactory exfoliation for my skin because the beads were too small. And yes, I did notice a few patches of unflattering dry skin upon tanning. I do use it for my face because it's very gentle. Bottom line: Weak for the body, fantastic for the face.
I purchased this exfoliant with my sunless tanning lotion because I thought it might work better then what I have at home. This was not the case. It's nothing special, other then the fact that it's soap free. I could have just stuck with what I already have. Would have saved me money.
I love this product! It works very well without leaving orange streaks. It goes on smoothly and smells good as well. When I ordered this product I was expecting to get 8 fl. oz of it, instead I opened the box and received a bottle with 4 fl. oz
Got this for my Fiance, she used it a few times and stopped because the color would often peel off, and it looked pretty orange to me.
This product does a good job for what it's purpose is. However, the packaging was done very poor and the spout was snapped in half.
This shampoo is very nice, it smells great, suds well and left my hair squeaky clean and softer than with other shampoos. I am concerned with the score it got in the Skin Deep database though. It seems to contain a number of ingredients that should probably be avoided. For that reason, I will not be purchasing again.
THe shade wasn't the right shade, but there's nothing wrong with the product. Not perfect but doing the job well enough.
while I like being able to see this set didn't seem to fit my small face as well but other than that they do the job
Ive been using this product everyday for 3 weeks and i do not notice any difference in my face. It is not smoother and it did not reduce the look of lines even a tiny bit. Maybe it will work for someone else but not for me.
I love my Robanda Rejuvenating Serum as I've been using it for years and I was excited to find this great deal.  Unfortunately I expected the serum to be in the glass pump bottle.  It arrived in a plastic bottle, making it hard to dispense which is why I'm not giving this a 5 star rating.
I can't really tell if it is working or not.  sometimes I look in the mirror and it seems as if the lines are less pronounced but I could just be retaining water because the next day I see them again?????
Works well on mobilizing excess arm fat; tightening of the skin is less dramatic.It may be hard on the skin if you have any skin senstivity.  My daughter's skin remains very red after using it for a few weeks.
I didn't use this religiously, maybe three times a week, didn't see any result but skin has gotten smoother. It's a little bit pricy.
I am a huge fan of body wraps but this didn't impress me. The wraps feel nice on and the product smells great but that's about it.
Im not sure this product really does what it says, but it does smell nice and leave skin soft. I don't have big arms and I saw no difference. I can by lotion to smell nice.
I only bought this perfume, because of the reviews I read about it being light and airy. I dont care to pay $65 a bottle if it smells good but it wasnt anything special. The sample that came in the box smelled better then this perfume. It's called "NUDITE' INTENSE" I cant keep my nose off this sample bottle!! Not to floral not to woodsy, doesnt give me a bad HEADACHE!! The only weird thing about it is it comes in a pen like form? Hmm...Different??
The Paris Rain vacuum beads are pleasantly scented with a gardenia fragrance. The first time I used the beads I didn't notice any fragrance but the second time I did. It is not overly strong and will only mildly scent the room while you are vacuuming. I didn't find that the fragrance lasted so it seems to only make the experience of vacuuming more pleasant. To use the beads you just pour them into the vacuum bag or you can sprinkle them on the floor and suck them up with the hose. I have tried other products that promised similar results and find the Good Home beads to be the best.~The Rebecca Review
I bought this from Amazon.com and compared to the testers at Macy's this same one smells different like it is weaker and does not smell the same as the one at Macy's. It's close but there's something off with it. However it still is a good cologne and I have gotten compliments from people, but I have to respray within a few hours.
The Chrome came quickly and in pretty condition. My only complaint was that it claimed to be new, yet the plastic on the outside was missing and the box was banged up. That led me to wonder if it may have been used because it had obviously been opened before. Other then that it seems to be fine. I would more then likely buy from this company again, there prices were by far the best.
I did not like the smell- Wish I smelt it before buying it- I think I used it twice than gave it to my dad.
This fragrance is very nice. It does however lacks in longevity and projection.It is best used during a summer/spring period in my opinion. My biggest preference always goes to a fragrance which is not only good but also lasts at least 6-8hours and this one doesn't even come close.Anyways just my 2 cents
Have many to help look at. Keep the home fires burning fo time and time again. I saw a chipmonk in the valley.
Wouldnt say it smells bad but def the least favorite in my collection but thats just me. I ordered it just on its popularity without even smelling it beforehand.
Wonderful scent for summer months--light and fresh.  However not long lasting and often accompanied by that after scent (this is not a technical term) which reveals a high percentage of alcohol.Overall, refreshing.
sort of spicy, deeper scent, not strong at all as far as lasting power.  Smells better at first than after
This smells good and I was hoping to get a positive reaction from my husband, but he didn't even notice that I was wearing it.  It's not my favorite perfume, but I like it.
This isn't so much a review of the product itself, as it isn't at all what I thought I was getting. I failed to do my homework and was looking for a different fragrance in the same line called Sexual Secret (a co-worker used it and I just had to know what it was!) Well what I didn't realize is that the item on this page is a different product entirely. Mostly my fault, but the pictures...3 out of 4 of the product pictures clearly show Sexual Secret by Michael Germain, which as I now know, is not the same thing as this. I also didn't realize they were customer images, but trusted that Amazon would have it's stuff together and wouldn't allow pictures of different products. or that at least by now the images would have been flagged and removed if they were incorrect.It's my fault for not researching more, but for how much Amazon is trying to make it easy for you to impulse buy everything ever, with one-click and pay phrases and an intelligent behavior tracking heuristic, they really don't try very hard to ensure accurate descriptions of their products. The long and the short of it is that I bought this product because I trusted that what I saw in the picture was what I was getting. I was wrong.Amazon: Please vet customer images more carefully, or allow a flagging system to allow the community to do it for you (all I saw was a flag for abuse).
This has a classy, masculine, fairly understated scent that reminds me a bit of YSL. Very nice cologne and worth buying. However, the last bottle I bought had something wrong with it so I had to send it back - I had no smell to it.
Look--- is this my favorite fragrance?  Absolutely not.  I read all the reviews from everyone and listened to my bf rant and rave about it, so my expectations were high.  When I received it and smelled it, I was like &#34;ewww&#34; this is NOT what I expected.  It was super strong.  It leaked out of the bottle a little so I wrapped it up, put in the box it came in and I could still smell it.  Personally, this fragrance smells cheap and loud.  I can tolerate it though... but only is very small doses.
i love the smell of this but like many people have stated it wears off very quick, in my case it smells okay for the first hour then it vanishes after that....i know we adapt to the smell over time but i asked my friends and they only smelt a faint which is rather odd cause all my other colognes last for a long time and i never get use to the smell as i can smell it all day. Maybe i got a batch that was in storage too long....
It's Okay. It kind of smells like cinammon to me. Smells a little bit sweet. The smell wears off after a while.
I have this and like it. I wish it would make my curls tighter, but that is ok. Otherwise still a really good curling additive and it smells nice too. Would buy again!
i like estee Lauder products. And i been buying fruition extra for years but for some reason these samples smelled funny and cream looked darker then usual. So maybe these samples were old. Because that never happened to me b4 when i bought it from the mall. But fruition is a great product, very sad that it has been discontinued
This is your standard body lotion and it works fairly well. The main reason I purchased this particular lotion is because of the product's size. It has a very light scent. I also like the fact that it is a squeeze top bottle and not a pump bottle.
I must say that when I used this relaxer on my hair it worked wonders. I have naturally curly hair that has turned wavy and this product got my hair pin straight. I only did my roots as doing the whole hair would result in overprocessing of my hair and be completely devistating. My hair was nice and shiny and I was very happy. The product did not sting my roots whatsoever, but I must say that this product has a very strong smell to it that can linger in your house and hair for about 2 days. Another thing is that the product did not last a very long time on my hair. About 2 weeks later my wavyness came back, but than again it could just be my hair. But overall this relaxer worked quite good.
...is this not all what I thought it would be? I had no problems using my Dark and Lovely, but I wanted to switch to a better relaxer (better meaning healthier for your hair ingredients) and I thought this would be it, seeing as it had olive oil in it. I have been relaxing my hair for more than 6 years now; A few things I didn't like: the shampoo to rinse the relaxer out of your hair doesn't turn white. I am used to my shampoo turning white, as this lets you know you have rinsed all the relaxer out. Another thing I didn't like was the Olive Oil Reconstructor. This was supposed to be a deep conditioning, but it did not moisturize at all and I sat under a dryer. And finally, when it was all said and done, it looked like I was 2 weeks into my perm, meaning that it didn't straighten as I had hoped, but it did do a little something. I wasn't completely satisfied. So, now I have to wait four weeks until I can get my perm in again. I will be going back to Dark and Lovely. I guess the saying "If Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It" applies to this situation.
I think this product is a bit drying on the hair.  It's effective in terms of giving my roots a bit of lift help, but I don't like that even a little bit of it causes a dry look.  Will finish this one but will purchase something else in the future.
I bought the wrong product but decided to keep it. I don't like the smell and makes my hair very stiff.
Hard to say if it made a difference with my hair. I suppose it did add volume to my hair.
The hold was decent, not sticky and I could still get my hands or a brush through it, but I did not see an increase in volume.  As I increased the amount of product, the hold was better, but no increase in volume.  I have blond, thin, baby fine hair and live in MN (HUMID in the summer!!).  Oh well, the search will continue....
Good quality,but Gold Magic company sells the same thing with 6 to a pack.I bought both brands to see if this more expensive brand was better,saw no difference.
I bought this trimmer two years ago because its short blades allowed me to trim my beard and cut my hair using the comb attachments (at the time it came with 4 combs). It worked as promised, but I have thick curly hair and twice the unit has been lodged with hair rendering it useless. I keep it clean and oil it regularly. I've already replaced the blade once and I did so because it too became clogged. I give it three stars because it worked as promised, just not for very long. I think I'll look for a professional vibrating trimmer.
If you don't wear makeup, this product is good. But I had to put it on thick to get the result I wanted. Then my foundation wasn't smooth.
I like that it a natural product. It is a little heavy but still usable.
The arrangement is very good, with a pair of useful storage areas beside the three dispensers.  Design is very appealing (for me the satin finish looks great) and complimentary to most bath decors.  My only criticisms?  The plastic.  I managed to drop the unit while adhering it to the wall, and instantly broke one of the compartment hinges.  Blast!  Before I've even implemented it, I made it something to replace!  My bad, but my experience says: be aware that it is a nice dispenser, but not a lifetime appliance.  Second consideration was that one of three dispensers didn't have an adequate opening to dispense a moderately viscous conditioner.  I'm still working to remedy that, and will update the review based on my experience.
it worked ok, but healing took a while, we had to switch to another stronger product, but i will still buy whenever the stronger product runs out.
This fragrance was very fruity....but not for me so this review isn't one to advise or not to buy this product.  If you like to smell very much like grapefruit, then you will enjoy it.
It only holds 2 needles and 2 vials of insulin. to big to carry for 2 uses. the Freeo is much better.
I bought this to help keep some of my thick, wild eyebrows in place... but in seconds when the product dried out a bit, they popped right out of place again! Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Maybe it works better for thinner eyebrows.
The package and product appeared to be old.The plastic holder was no longer glued to the cardboard. Works ok, but was expecting more.
As an organic moisturizer that I can apply without having to worry when the babies use me as a teether this works well. I'm not at all keen on the smell though. Other people say it smells good to them, so maybe it's just me.
i thought it would be clear and when it arrived it was neon green. it works... I don't know if it's the pencil I put in it or the sharpener, but the tip keeps coming off and sticking inside it. annoying.... it's just an okay buy. there are sure better options elsewhere. i guess i really give it a 3 and 1/2 stars. You're probably better off buying something else. The novelty to it isn't much.
Very nice product, ideal for my purposes if it hadn't broken.After a few weeks of use, something broke so that not all of the heating coils engage when on low heat, thus the air is fairly cool. High heat seems to work fine still. It's a pity, but otherwise good.
As you know I like to give positive reviews at the same time, I am a consumer as are you, and we want to have the best information to make the best desicion for our purchase. I found the Conair Ceramic, 1875 Watt Compact Turbo, Hair Dryer to be a much superior hair blower for a similar price. This one makes a very high pitch and extremely loud noise when its on high, not for me.
My girlfriend reports that the Suave Naturals Vanilla is not as good (requires more for effective cleaning) as Sauve Clarifying for her long thin un-tinted hair. The purchase was made primarily for the scent implied by the name since we both like vanilla. Though subjective, to us the odor is dominated by a coconut-like overtone followed by an astringent dime-a-dozen floral/herbal everbody-has-it scent that we both find repulsive. It was ordered because it was not available locally. It was not worth the effort and will not be purchased again.
I bought this product in order to remove unwanted facial hair and to shape my eyebrows, but I didn't get further than my upper lip because it left so much wax behind that it required some extraordinary scrubbing to remove it; and I couldn't imagine doing that to my eye area. The product worked okay where I used it but I now have lots of small bumps from the wax residue.If you have tough skin then this item would probably work well for you. I rated it 3 stars because it accomplished the hair removal. Unfortunately it also accomplished skin removal.
I would not buy this product again.  Was not impressed with this product at all.  Bought something else and I'm very happy with what I have now.
I like the product but need to know if there is some kind of dispenser to order that it can be put into.
I have very fine hair and have yet to try a conditioner type product that doesn't leave my hair more limp than before I used it.  Doesn't matter what the brand is.  Conditioners soften hair and with hair already compromised this is not the way to go. Having said that, it is a quality brand, just not effective in my case.
I was not too happy with this item.  It was too thick and hard to apply. I would not use it agaqin. Sorry.
So far I have not seen much of an improvement. Perhaps it is too subtle for me to view. I still have pockets under the eyes.
The tip is not as tapered as described. It s OK.  Although I do not generally splurge on brushes, Laura Mercier makes a tapered Pony Brush that is wonderful. For the price, the Jane Iredale is fine.,
It smells wonderful. It feels wonderful. Unfortunately, I don't think it was really doing much for me. I went through two bottles, just to be sure, but I think this would work far better for someone with younger skin. I have a healthy set of laugh lines and the inevitable forehead crease, and this just didn't make much of a difference. I will say that may skin felt soft as a baby's for the hour or so after applying and I was using it with the Renewal Mousiturizer, but I've switched to something a little stronger.
I thought I was ordering the Ultimate Moisture Cream which I have used for years and love.  I was surprised to receive the Ultimate Night Cream which is a much heavier consistency.  I am trying it out but disappointed this was not as shown.
I loooove this product, but I only wish it wasn't so expensive. I go thru this serum within about a month, so I can't justify spending $25  a bottle. nice for a treat!
I am writing this review to let everyone know that although the product states that it is the ultimate moisture cream (and even has the picture for that), when you click on it to order you will see that it is ultimate night cream. I bought this product thinking it was the ultimate moisture cream, but received the other instead. Believe me, these are totally different creams. I am very allergic to the night cream, but the moisture cream worked great. It seems as if avalon has discontinued the moisture cream bc I cannot find it anymore, so no more avalon for me. The only reason I gave it three stars is bc Amazon was so great at working with me with the problem. I hope they get this changed so no one else will be tricked. I had to quickly wash it off and take benadryl the previous time I thought I had bought the cream by mistake and used it anyway. I made sure I got the right cream this time, so I thought, but I didn't think to check the ending order. This is why some of the reviewers are saying the cream has a different consistency and such. It's a totally different cream in a "similar" container.
I bought this for the dark circles under my eyes and because it's from a company I trust. However, it doesn't really do much for the dark circles. It is a thin product, so you only need a little bit, which also means that it's going to last for ten years. I found also, that when I put it on it would make my mascara smudge after a few hours. I would get even darker circles from my mascara smudging. It's an average product, but probably not worth the price.
This cream is REALLY good for sensitive skin. However,the lavender is too strong for my taste. I am also not sure that such strong fragrance is a good choice for the sensitive skin.
Overall it's an ok product. But I don't see any obvious improvement, and it stings my skin a little first couple of times I used it.
Now, reviews of skin care products in general, and especially products specifically for the face, are going to be highly subjective. Let's just make that clear at the outset. This product may work like a charm for someone else. It didn't for me. That is all.
I got this to help with my dark circles but haven't seen a significant change. Maybe slightly, but nothing to run in circles for. I've used about 1/3 of the bottle so far (it's been over 2 months) so maybe by the end of the bottle I'll see more of a difference.I also don't like the gel because it doesn't absorb quickly. Next time I'll look for an eye cream instead.
I've been using this product for over two years, but from this past delivery, I've found the cream consistancy is no longerone that melts into your skin as a hydrating formula (like high-end creams), but rather one that is creamier to the extent that it sits on the skin.  In addition, it gets used up more quickly.It was before a very unique 5 star formula, but now has changed.
I love, love, love this Moisturizer. If your skin is not too greasy, not too dry, this is really perfect. However, the new container they have is far from perfect. The product is fairly expensive for so few ounces, but you only get 2/3rds of the product actually out of the container before the pump no longer is able to actually get the lotion out. They no longer make the squeeze bottle and only make a new pump bottle. While the bottles itself is attractive, it just doesn't work. I've written the company on their disappointing container, but of course received no response. I will have to stop using the product until they come up with a better dispenser.
This soap is about the size of the soap you get at a hotel. Although the scent is lovely, the price is outrageous. I can't blame anyone but myself because I failed to look at the shipping cost. $7.99?! To ship a tiny bar of soap in a cardboard box?! But again, that's my fault for buying it and not being more aware of the price. I do want to mention that they did send me a companion bar of soap (of the same size)free, so that was nice. Anyway, I have nothing against the soap. Just be aware shoppers of the shipping price and size/amt you're getting before you buy.
The color us too dark for me but i love the texture and the facility of application. Irons why i don't want to change
I purchased Ooh and Aah.  I wasn't happy with one application, as it appeared there were only black glitter pieces here and there and I wanted more black so I applied it heavily.  I had to wait a few min for it to dry b/c at first it got all over my lid when I thought I'd waited long enough.  I wear contacts and sometimes touch my eyes too much, which is probably why this liner chipped off near the corners of my eyes---or maybe I applied too much.  I noticed by the end of the night that my eyes were irritated, but I wasn't exactly sure if the glitter had actually gotten in them b/c I couldn't see anything.  Sometimes a tear in my contact or dry / old contacts have the same effect.  So I guess I'll say it's worth another shot, but be very precise while applying and allow enough time to try.  All glitter liners including Urban Decay appear to get mixed reviews either they love it or hate it.  But I myself have more trouble with liquid liners, so if you're a pro, this could be a good buy for you.
Love it, its light has a vanilla scent, it's not a winter perfume its  a summer perfume.  I am giving this scent 3 stars because it does not last long on me, but its worth the try
I LOVE this perfume - really, it's perfect. But I have a really hard time making it last. I use the body polish, then the lotion, then three spritzes of the perfume... and my husband can't smell it three hours later. That's just unacceptable considering the price of all three products together! I mean, I don't expect it to last all day, but half the day shouldn't be a problem. :(
This is a great perfume but a little pricey.There are cheaper high quality perfumes that smell just as good.
This is such a beautiful fragrance but don't expect anyone to smell itcause they won't. I put it on generously but unless someone put their nose up against my skin they couldn't smell it. Not exactly worth the expense considering.What a shame.
Don't get me wrong. This scent is incredible. My problem is for $68, it should stay on longer then 1hr and it does not.  I can literally hold my wrist up to my nose and not smell a thing.  If this came out in an actual perfume vial I might tray again but the toilette spray just doesn't last.
I'd buy this again if it wasn't for the price. The smell is GREAT. I don't know if it energizes me but it does make me feel a bit more calm. I don't notice any real benefit from the vitamin C and my skin feels a little sticky afterwards. It makes my face feel nice and cool and I have it sitting next to me for little "refresher sprays" during the day. I'd pay 8-9 dollars for this..however I won't be buying it again for 16 dollars.
This came out very dark red, I was thinking it would be a brighter red cherry however it was more of a black cherry color.
Titania beard scissors are the right size for a man's hand.  I thought I was paying more to upgrade from the scissors that came out of a bargain-priced set but those cheap-o scissors were much sharper.  Not recommended.
Althouth this may work for many people, It did not work for me. I got relief for a few minutes. Migraines are caused by many different reasons, so it may work for others.However, it did clear my sinusesThe spray is not as bad as I thought it would be, it was a little uncomfortable that's all. I am moving to other cures such as potassaium gluconate (spelling?) and calcium, they type that fizzes. This seems to work better.With all that said, I would not hesitate to try this product if I were a sinus or other type of headache sufferer.
As others have pointed out, it's hard to review a health product that is going to offer differing degress of success and satisfaction depending on the person.  You simply have to try the product if it interests you and take full advantage of the manufacturer's guarantee if it doesn't work for you.My migraines are relatively infrequent enough to where I don't need prescription treatment, but I do have frequent sinus headaches.  As long as the headache is mild or I catch it with the Headache Buster at the first sign of symptoms  -- as the directions suggest -- the product works very well.  At least, it works well enough to where I can function through my day.I found it more effective than the original Sinus Buster formula; Headache Buster is different in that it also contains feverfew and peppermint.  These additions make the stuff burn more than the original formula, but the sensation is short-lived and you will probably get used to it as you use the product.  If you have a sinus blockage, I find that the product will help loosen whatever crud you have up there and make it easier to get rid of it.Overall I am satisfied with Headache Buster, but my results have been inconsistent.  Still, I am glad to have an alternative when taking pills for a headache seems almost like killing a fly with a rocket launcher.
It seems to help with shaving, but no more than any other pre-shave that I have used. But this stuff is thick and does not wash off. Everything is left with an oily film. Going back to the Proraso.
ProsProtects skin creating a thin barrierRazors slide easily over oilConsPriceVery thickNeed to wash hands before you can shave
I bought this bec my hair is thinning (thanks DNA) and my grandparents swore by it. Got the bottle, opened the cap and took a whiff; smells like pure rubbing alcohol. I rubbed the purple potion on my scalp (doesn't discolor anything) and felt soothing. Haven't noticed hair growth or thickening, but will keep you posted - I'm sure you can't stand the excitement.
This could dry the scalp at first. If you scratch your scalp after you put this liquid on, you will get a purple residue under your nails.
I liked it but wasn't happy with the alcohol content but it smells geat and isn't too oily so I can use it during the day
Did not like the strong alcohol smell but it worked well with dandruff, hair breakage and dullness. My hair looked a lot healthier on the product...
The previous products I took to control my female moodiness and other issues have been discontinued. So, I tried this product. It works ok, not as great as what I was previously taking, but it's better than going without anything.
Purchased it 3 weeks ago and have been using it ever since.  Honestly, I don't see any improvements yet but it may be too soon.
I love this oil, I'm a litte al&eacute;rgic to cleaning suplies and after a do cleaning on the weekend My hands gets dried and saggy My hands look great now I already used 4 bottles within the last year. I just use it before I go to bed.
First impression, works perfect for the first month so i had to order another bottle for the second month, however it didn't work after that. i still have the itch and dandruff. I guess it worked only in the first month because it was kind of new hair product for me.
not overly impressed. works ok not a miracle, maybe i havent been using it enough only 2 times a week. been 1 month now
I don't think I would purchase this shampoo again.  It doesn't lather at all, so I feel like I have a problem spreading it throughout my hair.  I'm also not crazy about the smell.My hair feels clean after, but I wouldn't say it does that great of a job with dandruff.  I love this brand shampoo, so I would just go with their regular shampoo.
These are very good copies of the Remington SP-42 replacement screen and cutter.  However, they are not manufactured by Remington.  Not only do they not come in Remington packaging, as other reviewers have noted (instead each set is packaged loose in ziploc plastic bags), but the screen is missing the Remington trademark.  Each SP-42 screen manufactured by Remington has: "REMINGTON  MICRO SCREEN TM outlined in the perforations along one edge.  Since that trademark notation is missing off of each of the three screens that I received from Shaver Outlet I can only assume that they are not genuine Remington products.Even though these may not be genuine Remington products, they perform as good as Remington screens and cutters (at least when new, I haven't been using them long enough to compare their durability.)  I don't know why but I have yet to find a modern shaver that shaves my beard as close as either of my 20+ year old Remington XLR's with new blades.  And the SP-42 replacement screens and cutters from Shaver Outlet continue that standard.However, the heading in the Amazon listing for this item specifically states: "Remington SP-42 XLR foil screen & cutter blade head by Remington".  Without the Remington trademark or packaging, that amounts to false advertising.  No matter how good the product may be, retailers engaged in the deceptive and unethical practice of false advertising should be avoided at all cost.
this is the first all natural shaving cream i tried and am a little disappointed.  it doesnt feel like it does much with my razor.  it is foaming but it slides right off.  it isnt bad but it isnt great.  i plan on trying some other brands to see if they are more like a shaving "cream".
This perfume isn't by Christina Aguilera, but she was on some of the original packages.
Great product but the pump doesn't work.  Also it doesn't say it has nutricel d in it.  Looks like I might not have received the right thing.:
Color perfect but difficult to find the right amt of liquid to make it apply properly. Cheaper brands seem to apply with just a little dab of moisture on brush. Don't think I'll get it again.
As a practicing physician, I am always amazed at what people will pay for cosmetics. Any honest dermatologist will tell you these products are largely hype and clever marketing. I bought the ReVive and it was ok, but who are they kidding? $195 for 2 oz? It's sunscreen and a moisturizer for goodness sake, not some rare earth element or a life-saving drug!Happened to pick up some Olay Complete All Day Moisturizer with SPF 15 for about $10 for 4 oz. 100 % oil-free for sensitive skin. This stuff works great for me at a fraction of the cost. I am just a guy looking for a daily use sunscreen to prevent UV damage and keep my skin looking healthy.Just do the math, the ReVive is $100 per oz; the Olay Complete is $2.50 per oz. They do the same thing. Really.
Doesn't smell the best and it doesn't work quite as well as I would like. Also dries your scalp out quite a bit.
I agree with other people who say that avalon has recently changed the solution. I ordered this for me and my boyfriend but I think we got it from two different batches. When I used my boyfriend's conditioner, his seemed more fluid and my hair felt softer. My conditioner worked fine but it was just fine, not great. I didnt feel like it gave my hair any volume. Would not order again
I realize that everyone reacts differently to different shampoo products. So, what I experiences, you may not. First, this comes packed in a bag which is good because it leaked, thankfully the bag kept it from doing so all over the other items in my order. I am very appreciative for that.I should have checked the ingredients much more carefully. This product contains Sodium Coco-sulfate, the front says no "harsh" sulfates, that is my bad but it has several other things in it that I am not so sure are good for my hair such as all the citrus extracts, I use those in my household cleaners because of their ability to break substances down. Way better than main stream products, and at least Sodium Coco-sulfate is carcinogen free, though it can be irritating. The ingredients are only 70% organic too, in case that is something you are looking at.I just cannot give this product a good review overall because for me, my hair has never experienced such a horrible, brittle, dry, tangled texture. It washes just fine, lathers more than expected (probably due to the sulfates) and rinses just fine but once my hair dries it is a mess. I have only used it a handful of times so far and I just don't think I can use it any more (I try to give any product a few weeks). Also, it has made my scalp super itchy and all of a sudden I have dandruff. I almost think that after using sulfate free natural shampoos for so long that I am having a reaction to this one.Like I said though, you may do just fine with it. My hair doesn't typically have a problem with any shampoo, it just did with this one and I thought it would be worth letting others know.UPDATE 12/2/2012: My husband has been using this shampoo and it does well for him. As a guy he does not give any extensive feed back on it, only that it works. I think that it may just not be suitable for my hair/scalp type which is very oily.
The shampoo here was purchased because i love the smell. It worked great on my natural hair. However it did definitely dry my hair out. It was noticable and if i did not condition every day, my hair felt like straw.
People sang praises about this shampoo and I got it expecting something extra. I didn't expect my hair to grow thicker or anything, but as someone with dry and frizzy hair, I assumed my hair would become more manageable. I bought this and the conditioner, and, sadly, like every other product that I've used my hair refuses to be tamed. It does do a slightly better job than store brands, but it's no magic bullet.
It seems they've changed the formula since I bought this shampoo last. It's runnier and takes a lot more product to work up a lather in my hair. The consistency is similar to aloe gel. I still really like the shampoo, but I may start looking for something more concentrated so I don't have to use as much. I have very fine, shoulder-length hair and need at least a tablespoon to get a full lather.
Not good as I expect. a little bit expensive. i have a really oily hair. Maybe I should try dry shampoo next time.
Bought this product not expecting too much, just wanted to attempt to "cover" the light spots on my head. I suppose it's doing a good job of it. Took about a month to "see" results, but overall, I think I like it. Would I buy again? Probably not, at least not without trying something else first. :-)
I bought this shampoo and conditioner altogether as 4. When i used it, its smell good, but i just don't like it the way it make my hair turn out into oily on the second day if i didn't wash my hair and plus its also make my hair more falling out and getting my skin more irritated on my head. So, i guess i wouldn't recommended this to some people. I understand, we as humans has our own different skin to find the right hair shampoo and conditioner to our hair.
After reading about sodium lauryth being bad for hair I switched to an organic shampoo. I was using my favorite salon brand shampoo called Matrix smoothing system, which I LOVED.Decided to go with Avalon Organics. I've been using this shampoo for 6 months. The shampoo doesn't lather much but smells good. The conditioner leaves my hair tangled still. Overall I don't see a big difference in the quality of my hair. It's not thicker or noticebly healthier.I probably would not buy this product again and may end up going back to using Matrix
The fragrance of this shampoo is no where near as powerful as I would like it to be.It's a sweeter, softer mint than peppermint.The consistency is also very thin.
I think it has tea tree oil. I don't like the smell and it leaves my hair feeling rough and dry. Definitely have to condition after using it. I haven't used it long enough yet to say if it is helping or not.
This product is ok.  I have not really noticed much of a difference.  Over all it is a good shampoo in general.  But I just have not noticed any thickening of my hair.
I used the entire bottle and i cant say that i notice any difference...It didn't harm anything, and it may be a decent shampoo.... But as far as thickening.... I wont be buying it again.
Avalon Tea Tree Mint used to be my favorite shampoo, but the new version is watered down. It seems weaker. I hope I just got a bad batch. I would rather pay more than have a watery version of the shampoo.
Just purchased this bottle, and still working through it.  Seems to be cleaning my hair, but I believe my hair is till thinning.
I bought this shampoo because I had been buying Nioxon shampoo. BUT they changed the formula and it started making my scalp itch. So I researched and found this shampoo... Avalon Organics is a good shampoo as far as thinkening...but it smells like chemicals and it does dry my hair out. After this bottle I do not think I will buy again.
My husband and I are using this product. Our hair looks shinier, I haven notice my hair getting thicker yet but I guess it takes time. What I don't like is that you need to use a lot of shampoo to make some bubbles.
I bought this like a month ago I bought it because my hair was falling out alot after having a baby and stressing so much my hair stylist said the best shampoo out there would be to buy orgainc shampoo and I seen alot of good reviews for this one. But so far my hair is still falling out alot. Ill wait a couple of my more months to see if it works. And it smells really bad .
I've used this product for 3 days and I'm not sure how I like it it makes my hair thick but it's also very oily the next day which I always have a problem with me but my hair does seem more thicker and its not falling out as much so it all depends on how you like your hair. The conditioner that goes with that I do not like it doesn't feel like it conditions my hair at all and then by the time I'm done blow drying my hair it feels like straw I'm thinking of getting a different type of shampoo and conditioner or just going with baking soda and apple cider vinegar
I thought this would leave my head tingling and feeling cool like other tea tree and mint shampoos.  It really didn't do much for me.
I have long hair, and I have to use a lot of it to actually lather all of my hair. I do like the scent and it does make my hair look clean and healthy. Will most likely just be using the lavender body wash that I have next time for shampoo as well because the ingredients are extremely similar and you get more bang for your buck that way.
i won't even buy this. it says right on this page it has sulfates in the ingredients. that's not organic, and sulfates (though in most shampoos) are bad for hair!
There is no such thing as a shampoo that will make your hair grow nor will any add natural thickness to your hair. These claims are totally unwarranted and without merit. Incidentally the back of the bottle states that this will: maintain a healthy scalp, nourish follicles, help restore  thinning hair, strengthen hair strands and boost body and volume. I use this shampoo because it is very mild and has a nice fragrance (lemon). It is certified organic by Quality Assurance International and by BioAgriCert (a company in Italy). I wish Avalon (the brand that manufactures this) would have taken a little bit more care in the packaging, it's just a bottle with a lid that anyone can open up (there isn't any safety seal around the top and the lid can come completely off unlike other big-name brands). Biotin is not the main ingredient in this (it is the 9th listed), some of the other ingredients include: organic aloe barbadensis leaf juice (2nd ingredient), soy protein, citric acid, potassium sorbate and organic rosemary officinalis. This is not 14 ounces though. I thought the bottle looked a little small (compared to my Pantene which is only 12.6) and found it to be barely 12 ounces. When I contacted Amazon they quickly issues me a partial refund for the mistake. Even with the rebate they offered me this is still a little pricey. But if you want a light shampoo without a lot of harsh chemicals then you may want to try this.
This review is for both the shampoo and the conditioner.First off, the shampoo smells like cough syrup. Thankfully this smell isn't overly prevalent once you're done washing, but it's still faintly there. It's not horrible. It's just not pleasant.The shampoo lathers well. I believe it cleans well. It leaves my hair fairly manageable. Actually better than other shampoos, which was a pleasant surprise, as my hair is tangled and unruly. That's not to say it untangled my hair (didn't expect it to) rather it left it better off than some shampoos that are meant to do that.This may because it left my hair a bit oily. I usually go a couple of days between washing. This isn't really possible with this shampoo. My natural oils build up too much with whatever the shampoo/conditioner leaves behind. On the first day of washing it's not too bad. Subsequent days it starts to get gross.As for thickening? My hair has never looked thinner than when on this shampoo. I don't believe any of the regrowth claims, I was merely looking for an aesthetic difference. Well, I get one, but in the worst way. Again, probably the oil.Overall, performed better in areas other than expected, and worse in the areas it claimed to be for. I'll likely keep looking for a shampoo for me.
It cleans properly my scalp. At this time I don't see any results, but I will continue to use it.  If I have good results, maybe I will buy more of this.
This shampoo smells good and my hair feels clean afterward, but it is a very watery shampoo.  So, I have to use a bit extra and make sure I don't allow any to run down my head because it can quickly get in my eyes.  I won't be buying it again.
This shampoo is great for dandruff or dry scalp.  It tingles when you use it and makes your hair shiny and with minimal breakage.Do not use on color-treated hair. It contains "mint" which will make your hair fade & use its vibrant color.  I used this product and found out the hard way.  I used to dye my hair blonde and it would make my color fade fast!  I ended up letting my husband use it (so we aren't wasting it) and I discontinued the use.  Tea-tree is an excellent choice for dry scalp, just use one without mint if you have color-treated hair.
I have medium length hair, This product barely lathers and I DUMP shampoo in my hand just to get my whole head feeling clean. it is great otherwise. good for those with short hair. This product is for thickening and that does work well. my hair feels full and thick after.
I have used six bottles of this shampoo. The first three were great. Great lather, nice shine to my hair after (I have medium hair, not dry, not oily.), smells great too. I don't often like the all natural shampoos so I was really happy to find such a good one. When I ordered another pack of three I was happy to see the "Now more sustainable" sign on the label. But when I used it I found instead of the thick gel in the first batch a runny syrupy consistency. When I used as much as I used to use I got no lather in my hair. I felt only about half of my hair got washed. I had to wash again and use more the second time than the first. Even using more every time now, I find I have to wash my hair twice. (I have Halle-Berry-short hair.) Consequently I went through those three bottles more than twice as fast. Disappointed with the "improvement". I'm looking for another shampoo.
More like 2.5 stars. I'll cut to the chase - very strong pine sol scent that gets irritating after a while. For a few weeks my hair was looking really healthy when I used this product. Now it feels dry. It is not a moisture replenishing product. I didn't notice any thickening of my hair after going through both the shampoo and conditioner for a month and a half. I'm moving on to another product.
Makes my hair look and feel dry...It did make it look a bit fuller but just a little not much.
I have very fine hair and discovered this shampoo while visiting my daughter in Mo. I really like it so when I got home I ordered some myself. I have to say I'm very disappointed in how watery it is. When I used my daughters it was alot thicker. I hope I just got a bad batch. But I don't think so cause I just read another review that said the same thing. Oh well, I guess I wont be buying this again.
I was really excited to buy this product but honestly it did not do much for me.  It smells good and is a nice shampoo but it didn't thicken my hair or keep it from shedding.  I didn't notice much difference from using a regular shampoo.
I bought this product thinking it will thicken my thin hair but what it does is creates volume and gives a fuller impression of your hair but actually does not thicken the hai...at least did not do to mine, but as of now I like the way my hair look after using this product for 2 months now....will recommend it but if you are looking for a product that thickens thin hair this is not the product....
If your like me, 25 year old male with very thin hair, you are looking around for a great shampoo that makes your thin hair look "thick".  I have tried many thickening/volumizing/extra body shampoos and although this one is pretty good, it is not the best (especially for the price).  This product is OK for "thickening" or volumizing.  It is average, and for the price, it really doesn't do justice for me.  I personally do not like the smell-- It has a chemically lemon/menthol smell to it.  It is pretty strong when you put it on, but most of the smell dulls out after you wash it out.The best thickening shampoo in my opinion is Paul Mitchell Extra Body Shampoo.  I find that nothing compares to this shampoo "thickening" wise.  My hair looks and feels thick and full.  There is close to no smell with this product, but the performance to me is more important than smell.  Overall, this product is OK, but I will stick to Paul Mitchell for now unless I see a new product that catches my eye, like this one.
I used to love this product. It was cheap and had alot of the right ingredients for thinning hair, saw palmetto, biotin, B vitamins, tea extract ... most of what you need for good hair. The new formula however is 70% balloni organic crap ... it gives me a lot of acne on the face. Vitamin E is a plus but the rest is like a fruit plant salad ....... Whoever changed the formula has screwed up big time. I hope the company would read this and reconsider their choices.  I give 3 stars just cz I used to like it ... not anymore.
This shampoo has no defined scent.  It promises to thicken, but doesn't seem to do that.  I used it consistently to see if there would be any long-term thickening, and there didn't seem to be.  I wouldn't buy it again.
My hair has been dyed blonde (from medium-dark brown) for about 2.5 years now so I have split ends and it's relatively dry. Before dying my hair tended to be on the dry side as well. I have fine hair, but I have LOTS of it. I typically wash my hair every other day or every third day (aka as sparingly as possible). I chose this shampoo because I felt my hair was looking less full and it sounded like it might be strengthening. I just finished my trial of the wen (didn't see an amazing difference) so this is my first "shampoo" after. This is how I feel now that I've used it for a bit:-smells great-super hard to spread throughout my hair-doesn't seem hydrating-my hair gets oily by 2nd or 3rd day-haven't noticed an increase in thickness or hair quantity (dht blocker?)-my split ends are noticeable worse than with wenNote: Since this is SO hard to spread throughout my hair, I have created a system: I hold the bottle with one hand and put a nickel sized amount in palm then apply it in a straight line from middle of forehead back, then another nickel for each side, then a quarter sized amount for upper back of head, then another quarter (which I use both hands for) to do behind my ear and in the back again. After applying it in five different sections, it is somewhat easier to massage it in my hair. I only wash the roots of my hair.Side Note: I use this shampoo with Yes To Blueberries Conditioner.Bottom Line: LOVE the smell, but it is maximum effort for minimal rewards. When this runs out, I won't buy it again because I'm not amazed by it.
This is the Avalon Organics: Biotin B Complex Thickening Shampoo, 14 oz, NOT the conditioner. The picture incorrectly shows this as the conditioner.Great for reducing hair loss and itchy scalp without having to use harsh shampoos like Head and Shoulders.
Im new with this product so far it appears to be good waiting to see if it holds up to what the products says
This could be a good product as far as hair strengthening but does not protect against dandruff, this increases hair hitching.
It didn't seem to thicken my hair anymore than the Pantene products I normally use. Would not buy it again.
My husband and I really liked the sound of this shampoo. The ingredients list is superb and it smells lovely. He has thin-ish happy hair that LOVES this shampoo. But I have long, frizzy-ish locks that aren't a fan of this shampoo. It leaves his hair soft, and my hair feels sticky, slightly greasy, but dry at the same time. Le sigh. The hunt continues for my hair's best friend.
I am generally happy with this shampoo, as it doesn't have any harsh chemicals. I even enjoy the smell, which to me smells lemony, not medicinal like some of the other reviews stated. My only complaint is that, as a man, I need it to really clean my scalp well in order to strip it of DHT. I need all the help I can get in keeping my hair! I normally use Nioxin for this reason, and when I use the Biotin, I notice that my scalp doesn't feel as clean. By the next day, my hair and scalp are fairly oily. So I cannot use this shampoo every day, but I do ocassionally alternate it with the Nioxin. Overall, good product, but for what I need it to do, just OK.
My expectations using anything will always be, I will try anything once, however, this shampoo I continued to despite the results.The shampoo and conditioner is just what it is. I have not seen any improvement in hair, but the shine and healthiness of my hair has improved.Overall I will keep using it.
Item is what I needed and as described. Has worked well for me. Item was not shipped very well. It was only wrapped with thin plastic which was moist from bottle leaking thus leaking a little in shipping box which contained other items.
This shampoo has a Nice smell. It does not tingle like the Paul M shampoo. good price and fair shampoo.
I got good results with this shampoo, but my scalp flared up with itchy flakes.  I could have gotten a reaction from the Niacin in the shampoo.  Use with caution.
It is not all oganic.It contain only 70% oganic indig.Delivery is sucks.snooze little bit.if you need to buy it  i recommend other site
A warning for my review: I am not well versed/educated on natural hair products, but I'm starting to get into simply for the health of my hair. That being said, this shampoo seems weak. It's not very viscous, causing me to overdo it and ultimately wasting shampoo. It doesn't lather very well, but I'm sure that's due to the natural base (so I read.) The smell? Wooo. It smells like lemon Pledge or Lysol. The conditioner (I will write a small review on that product as well) was even worse. Overall, I am disappointed and would not recommend to others. I have not noticed any improvement in my hair, but seemingly have more hair falling out that usual! The only pro I have on this product is it's cleansing ability, I would use this with a different conditioner when my hair is REALLY oily or after a beach day.
I need a more natural shampoobecause of my sensitive skin that doesn't love all the chemical-yproducts.The scent is a little off-putting, but the shampoo itself seemsto do a good job on my hair.
I have the silicone strip for a tummy tuck by this same company and loved it so I ordered the breast piece. I ordered two of them and when I received them I couldn't believe how large they were. They are just so big that I had to cut them down to fit and even cut them apart in order to make them fit right. The lower part is about 3.5 inches wide. Just too wide. I really don't see how that is necessary. Plus they are that comfortable. But I spent the money and so I cut them to fit and will wear them because I liked my tummy tuck strip. I would have been better off spending the money on another tummy tuck strip and cut it to fit my breasts.
I have used the original versace shampoo that came with the gift pack including after shave balm. This product did not smell the same as the original product. The smell is different than the original and the Versace logo is not the same as on the original package. I think this is a fake.
I like how smooth and soft this product makes my face and neck feel.  I would like to see a sunscreen added.  I've used this product before.  The particular jar of lotion I received does not have the good fragrance I remember it having in the past.
I like this product but recently decideded I did not want to use paraben, which, unfortunately, this face cream has, much to my disappointment. Were it not for that ingredient, I would probably continue to use it.
I have not used it yet, but this is a good product.  So hopefully, it will give the same or better results.
This hair oil is very hard to get washed out.  I was hoping to rotate this with a coconut oil therapy but I am moving on to try emu oil.
Nothing was wrong with this product. I just dont care for mineral oil. so I gave this product away, it made my hands feel dry. Any product that makes my hands feel dry I do not put in my hair.
I cant really rate this product, I stop using this product after three or four tries, the first time my hair felt soft but the other time seem dry. Im not going to give it a bad review because I was transitioning from relaxed to natural hair. So I will have to come back later with another review.
I tried this product and the smell was way too much not only for me but also for my husband.  He told me never put it in my hair again, it smelt up the whole house.  But after using it my hair looked and felt healthier.  The second time I used it I mixed one capful of the Dabur Amla Hair Oil into 3 tablespoons of Lustrasilk Placenta & Jojoba Oil Cholesterol and put that on for 1 hour.  It works great and the smell was so much better.  My husband didn't even know I had it on and the results was excellent.I think it is too strong to use by itself but if you mix it with something else it it more tolerable.
I received this product believing that it would be a daily leave-in oil, and was surprised to read on the directions that it is a really a rinse-out medicinal treatment, to be used thrice weekly after leaving on the scalp for an hour. (This was also the case with the bhringraj oil that I bought. It is also  leave-in herbal treatment, but has a sweet, fresh scent.) The scent of the oil is medicinal and herbal, and the aroma lingers on the scalp for awhile. The oil itself is neither thin nor thick, and is dark green. I am hoping to the see the same happy results as the reviewers who praised it, since I wish to add some shine to my thick and coarse African-American hair. Only time will tell.
dabur amla hair oil is ok for me.  All I see difference on my hair is shining more. thats it.
I wanted to give this oil a chance but it smells awful and the scent permeates the house. You also walk around smelling rotten, as it takes a while to dissipate.Ugh!
I really like what this treatment does for my hair, BUT the scent is overwhelming. I find that I don't use it as much because of it. Too bad
surprised at that. perhaps some clarification would have permitted the customer to anticipate what would arrive. glad to have it though!
This product works fine for your hair if they are dry, however it says to put it on and leave it on overnight...I couldn't do that! The smell is so strong that I couldn't sleep.  I was consireding to turning it back because of the smell but first I decided to try to leave it on during the day when I am at home. This is way better!  It nourrishes your hair and let them smooth and shiny.  The shipping cost is very high, but the bottle lasts very long.
Stinky, stinky stinky but I still mix it with my henna.  I use shikakai shampoo now so I've really laid off the oil except for henna mixes.  I love the results I'm getting...my hair is so much stronger and full.
This oil is very good for the scalp if you don't mind the distinct smell. It was not unpleasant, however, it lingered a bit. I use it for scalp massages.
DON'T THINK I WILL ORDER AGAIN ONLY BECAUSE IT IS MADE WITH MINERAL OIL I MIX IT WITH MY OTHER OILS FOR NOW
A little really goes a long way. I used it twice. The smell is worse than Jamaican Black Castor Oil. I love castor oil. It smells like something burnt than burnt. So horribleeeeeeeeeee. Never will i purchase this again..
I was looking for good hair oils to moisurize my split ends. This product is decent. It has a thin consistency and spreads through the hair well. I mainly used it on my frizz, and split ends & it helps.
I've been using the Moisture surge gel for years and it is by far the best facial moisturizer i've ever found. Thought i'd try the spray version thinking it may last longer than the gel. It's just not the same........
This product is fine unless u wear waterproof eyliner. I use mac and this doesnt cut through it at all! For that I need something oil based unfortunately
This eye make-up remover does the job, but is not the best that I've used. After I apply the remover it turns the outer portion of my eyes red and makes them feel a little dry. It takes many applications to remove the make-up and sometimes it doesn't get it all. Also, the remover slightly irritates my eyes. It could be just me, but I have definitely used better. I'm really picky when it comes to my eyes so I could be overly critical, but I will NOT buy this product again.
They changed it after years and its not the same! Doesnt remove the makeup like before and it smells different
These products were a little too much for my hair, it is fine & thin, has been for years & I have been trying everything I can to help, but this was just more than I need. I am giving it to my daughter. I will stick with my OTC John Frieda products.
I didn't notice a difference with this product and have not continued using it. Taste and consistency were very good.
I think this product is either old or it has been tampered with because it does not work as well as the CHI in stores.
I love Elemis products, but I was disappointed with this product.  I have better results with less expensive Elemis products
I was very excited to receive my item today, but was disappointed to find that product did not have shrink-wrapping on box, the box had a small stain on it and the jar and lid had scratches on it.  Made me very wary and wondering if product is legitimate.  If it's supposed to be new, there should be NO SCRATCHES on the jar!  I should have heeded one previous reviewer's comments about discovering similar issues.  Luckily, I'm a Prime member, so I can return the item.  Will not be ordering again from this merchant - AAA Beauty
Good quality; however, I live a mile high & dry, have dry skin, finding a product to buffer & protect one from the elements it is challenging. Good product; although, there are products which cost less...
I want to purchase this item, but I am uncertain about several of its' ingredients; particularly, parabens and propylene glycol. I have read conflicting informtaion about parabens and propylene glycol and would appreciate feedback from others; particularly those with a chemistry, biochemical research, clinical or dermatological background. I believe that these chemicals (parabens and propylene glycol)have been tested by the FDA, but I am still unsure. Any thoughts?
Have been using this product for a month and so far I do not see any difference.  Will report back after another month.
Be careful when you do a search on pheromones, as you may stumble upon certain things like this. Not saying pure instinct does or does not work but for what i was looking for, certainly wasnt it. Not the sellers fault, maybe i should have read it more but since it was cheap, i didnt mind taking a loss. Anyway this cologne is not that bad however its VERY strong. Its almost unbearable for yourself to smell if you use too much. Almost like when you pamper your young child with johnsons baby cologne and you can smell the kid the entire day lol. Yeah its like that. WHen i searched pheromone, this item popped up. Idk but pheromone is supposed to be natural. Maybe they did put it in their fragrance but i prefer the natural kind as i would much rather use my own cologne. Its almost impossible to mix this with your own cologne and i dont know about you but i rather not use this to go out. It doesnt smell bad but its a unisex smell meaning it could work both ways. I rather not wear something that could pass for a girl. Not my style but people prefer different things obviously. Nevertheless i also believe this is a winter scent as it gave me a good headache first couple of days me wearing it in this northeast heat. Overall for the person who is looking for something like this, its good. However for someone looking for an actual pheromone, get the natural one so you can mix with your OWN cologne.
If you have a shellfish or iodine allergy, please carefully read ingredient label as this product contains chitin (from crustaceans).
This is a good product but I found it more runny than it should be. I wondered if this was a result of it not being fresh.
My hair is on the dryer side since I've been coloring it in the recent months. As I know Phyto is a good product, I expected to notice a difference in my hair soon after starting to use this shampoo. Unfortunatlely, I haven't noticed any difference compared to other shampoos, and I think I need to choose a different shampoo in the Phyto line. I still love their products and am not going to give up on them yet.
I used the shampoo and the restructuring mask and both of them helped me to make my hair feel little smooth.But its on the pricey side.. Will try a different shampoo in Phyto the next time
UPDATE:  The vender, upon finding out about the error, refunded my money.  So, they get another 2 stars for that, but I would have preferred the product as described.  I will say that, for what they are (plastic) the spray bottles function well.  But again, these spray bottles ARE NOT aluminum as described (unless they changed the description).(ORIGINAL REVIEW):  The description of this product from COSMETIC SOLUTIONS makes it sound like this is a bottle made of aluminum.  The bottles I received are plastic, and one was damaged.  I called customer service (number on the invoice) and they wanted to take my number down and call me back.  There is NO WAY I am giving my personal number out to a business like this! I asked them to give me a number to their customer service department and they said they could not give that to me.  What?!  Also, they did not seem to care that I stated I would give a bad review as a result of their inaccurate description, wrong product and inadequate customer service, so here I am!So the rating is a result of:1 - Incorrect item description2 - Wrong item (not fitting the description) shipped3 - One of the items was DAMAGED4 - NO viable customer service number5 - Unwilling to give me a viable customer service number6 - Unconcerned about the status of the review I am giving, and therefore apathetic about the reputation of their business (*SEE UPDATE ABOVE)***I will change this review IF, and ONLY IF I am offered the correct item WITHOUT having to ship the incorrect items back.  I am not going through all of this back and forth for $13 worth of spray bottles! They needed to send the right bottle to begin with! (*SEE UPDATE ABOVE)
I came accross this product at a local TJ maxx store and decided to try it. First of all i have dark skin like Mary J Blige complexion. The instructions say to apply to cleansed skin for 10mins then rinse off and use 2-3x per week. I tried following the prescribed method and wasnt seeing much difference. So i began applying every night as a lotion (didnt wash it off)and i think it would work this way with consistent continued application. I have seen very small improvement but it is working much slower than i had hoped even with increased and intensified application. So overall just ok.
Left my hair feeling like straw, just wasn't moisturizing enough. However the smell is amazing so I was half tempted to use it anyway. Everyone's hair is different though. I have super fine hair and TONS of it with a natural wave, which means it tangles easily. I also regularly abuse it with a blow dryer, flatiron, and highlights. I think my poor hair just needs something more hydrating. I had to go back to my overpriced Enjoy products, oh well.
I accidentally picked this up at the store instead of the Lemon Tea Tree shampoo.  I liked the smell so I thought I'd try it anyway and I like it a lot!  I have fine hair and a pretty oily scalp which forces me to wash my hair daily, but I think doing this can make the length of my hair really dry.  This conditioner is moisturizing enough to make my hair silky smooth and shiny without weighing it down with excess oils.  I might be imagining things but I think the lemon in this conditioner also helps to enhance my natural blonde highlights.  It is a very thick conditioner so I use it generously to get my hair evenly coated, but it still rinses out easily.  I'll definitely be ordering the shampoo that goes with this!
I absolutely love the Italian Grape shampoo and conditioner. So I thought I would like this but the scent is so strong, it gave me a headache.  And my hair did not feel as soft and conditioned as the Italian Grape.  I highly recommend the Italian Grape, which says it is for color treated hair but so what. It smell like welches grape juice and leaves a very light nice scent, not grapey, just nice.  The color is whitish. I am going to order tons of the grape, but the coconut will give you a headache if you are scent sensitive like me.
I love these products.  They make my hair very easy to manage.  The apple smells good at first but the scent left on your hair has a slight vinegar smell to it.  It's not too bad, but I'm not in love.
I used the conditioner and shampoo.  At first it seemed to work well but by the time I came down to a 1/4 of the bottle my hair was drying out.  I would not buy this again.
I have fine hair so this product is a bit heavy for me and I'm oily within 12 hours but I still use it once or twice a week in the winter to combat the dry climate I'm living in.
This a great smelling product seem to work ok if you have short hair  or fine it did not hold smell on long thick hair.
Great product - you only need a tiny bit (I put it on my hand first, then use a eyebrow brush to apply in small amts), it stays put and keeps my unruly brows in place better than other products I've tried, however, the colors don't work if you are a blond.  I have "dishwater" dk blond hair that I have foiled with highlights and the number "0" was way too 'warm' & red-toned for me.  It clearly didn't match.If you have warm tones in your blond hair, it'll work...but if you have cooler tones...it wont match.  I dont think the pictures of the shades are accurate. The next shade "2" was much too dark for me.  I hope they make more shades in the future because I like everything else about it; I think it looks better than using a pencil.
I get compliments on the fragrance; however, I can not say that the product is attracting the opposite sex.
I'm not sure how the pheromones are supposed to work and if they do!  But it does have a nice smell to  it
So, i got this thinking you know it would make guys want to talk to me like i read in some reviews. it doesnt. i was more attracted to myself than anyone was. it smells awesome, and i'll continue to wear it till its gone because i enjoy the smell, but it was a total waste. and it was NOT packaged well, i lost like half the tiny little bottle in shipping, i was pretty pissed off.
For me the verdict is still out, I have used it alone and also with one of my favorite colognes.  I get compliments on my cologne anyway so it was not shocking to get compliments when I wore it with my cologne.  Alone, it is okay and the lasting strength is not very long.  This could be more of a placebo effect in peoples minds thinking it is more than it actually is.  As I said, I am unsure of this product and that is the review I want to leave.  This product did not demonstrate anything that made me personally believe in it yet.  Bottle currently 1/3 full.
Fast delivery. it smell good. I dont know if is really works but worth a try that is for sure.
It smells really good. I wore it the gym and a couple of bars and not one number or attention! It's weird because it worked for my mom, she got a $500 bonus check. I guess It depends on your luck
I DON'T FEEL THIS HAS ANY PHEROMONE ACTIVITY WHATSOEVER.  IT SMELLS &#34;OK&#34;, BUT NOT LIKE THE REVIEWS MADE IT SOUND.
Jury is still out on if it even works...but I do like the fragrance...very light and subtle...I would buy it just for that alone.
Yes i bought this to &#34;attract&#34; the ladies. While the smell has gotten me compliments, that's all it's gotten me. For the price it is not that bad. I would recommend as a cologne but not as an &#34;attractant&#34;
I purchased this product as I was intrigued by the "mood effect" that previous reviews seemed to give high praise.  The perfume sort of smells like Red Bull before it is applied, but once it goes on, your body's Ph and chemistry changes the smell.  For me it became a deep musky tropical fruit and fruit blossom sort of smell, whereas when my friend applied it smelled like a sort of vanilla, lavender aroma.  The pheramones are a bit more diluted than other products I've encountered, but they still work nonetheless....this is where the "oops" part comes into play.  It was really my mistake for not reading more carefully because in the description it clearly states that that the Cologne  is unisex, meaning that it works on men AND women.  I'm only attracted to men, and I'm exceptionally tomboyish and I basically dress like what must people would classify as a "goth".  (that means spiked collars and blue lipstick for the lesser informed).  I found that the day I wore this scent to lecture, some of my lesbian and bi-sexual lady friends were talking non-stop about how unusually attractive I was that day as well as a couple of my male friends.  It works though.
The scent is not bad, but definitely not for men to wear, it smells familiar, maybe in a party or actually in a date smelled from a girl. When I received it and opened it, accidentally fallen the bottle, there was no way to put it back in the bottle. I am working but renting and sharing a dorm, all I could think of was to call as many as people living in the dorm males and females came to wipe and wear. I work with a male, my teammate, my competitor, my enimy under supervision of a female manager. Needless to say, you know what inspired me to buy the product. I wore it for nearing a week now, I have not noticed a change from her, however, my teammate has a big change, from indifference to my none-work related topics becoming highly interested to chat with me, on the job side, instead of competing, critisizing, complaining, he tend to be resourceful, helping me without credit gaining in mind.As for my dormmates, I will gather and report later on.
This does smell good, But its just not for me,My friends love it. The price you can't beat.My sister loved it she wears it.
I noticed when wearing this product that people would approach me more often. Not just men, but also women. I would also be stared at a lot, and given &#34;those eyes&#34; by guys. Mostly, like I said, people just approaching me randomly or flirting with me a little. Nothing more than that. This isn't just with new people though. I tested it out on a few people I've known for around the same amount of time. One was affected (he became more frisky towards me), the other not so much (although he heavily flirted with me to begin with).The only bad thing about this product is that it doesn't seem to last very long. The effect lasts 6~8 hours, and the scent, I've noticed, stays around for 3~4 hours. Afterwards a re-application is required for desired results. I have tried both clothing and direct skin-contact application. Both seem to give the same effects.I have not noticed this product making people &#34;crazy&#34; around me, or making them lust after me. it's just a simple rapprochement.Overall it is a decent product, but it does not do what it is advertised, as &#34;sex attractant cologne&#34; -- unless they mean &#34;gender attracting cologne&#34; -- in which case the wording should be changed. Either way, it smells really nice and has a desired effect if all you're looking for is some social interaction leverage, a way to &#34;break the ice&#34; so to speak.
And Believe it or not....The people who have mentioned they liked it....said...it does have an Aura....about it....One comment I received....&#34;Id like to rip off your clothes!&#34;Im serious!
Smells nice. Light citrus long lasting fragrance. You only need to use a little. How well it works remains to be seen, but it is a nice fragrance to have.
The scent is somewhat pungent, slightly offensive for my taste.  Never got a compliment when wearing it, so its hard to make a recommendation..