This is a good product it is especially good for the warmer months. If you are looking for a heavier body cream for the colder climates like winter, I believe there actually is a heavier one available. What I do want to say is, this use to be in a black bottle and actually was even better at one time. I tried the black bottle one (but it's not named exactly the same) on the bottle and yep it's not the same.
I had this Hair Dryer for years now, and I never once had a problem with it!!
Zia Exfoliant works for me as a mild exfoliant.  I can see that a top layer of skin is being removed each time I use this product.  Yet it is not harsh for my skin.  I don't see a HUGE change in my skin, wrinkles and discolorations are still there.  But my skin looks brighter and smoother to the touch.  No one has remarked on this!  But since I know it is doing what I want, I will continue to use the product to stimulate my skin.  I do not have especially sensitive skin, and also use glycolic acid peels at home every two weeks or so.  Nothing makes my skin look 20 years younger -but since using these types of products, my face is no longer as tan as my body (tan is just from daily walks WITH sunscreen) so I know layers of skin are being exfoliated.  Is this a good thing?  Hope so!
I wasn't too thrilled with the French manicure set this came with, but individually, the nail polishes are great.I used this one to paint my nails all white. After the polish was dry, using a toothpick, I 'drew' pictures on my names. It was a fun little thing and several people commented on my nails.Be creative, just because this polish is for a French manicure, that doesn't mean you have to use it for that. :c)
I really like this product. The foam is a lot more pleasant to rub onto my face than straight soap and doesn't feel greasy at all like some cleansers. It does a good job cleaning (I especially like the "cooling effect" probably from the witchhazel in this product) and hasn't caused over-dryness for my skin type.
It does help to minimize shaving. You get better results if you use it immediately after a shower when your skin is susceptible to moisture and then onece more about 8-10 hours later. It won't make your hair disappear but it will thin it out.
If given a choice, I would always buy Vitabath. It smells wonderful, moisturizes without being oily, and makes my skin feel silky. It's great with a loofah or as a bubble bath. I just wouldn't wash my face with it... maybe a bit too rich for that. The only complaint I have is it's pretty spendy... but I guess you get what you pay for in this case. So if it doesn't kill your budget, buy it and feel how great your skin feels even in the coldest, driest weather... or if you want to go out in the Summer and have your skin look silky and not overly shiny.
Love Vitabath. The smell stays with you for hours after your shower. Only negative is that it's expensive, but certainly a nice treat.
The full name of the product I purchased was Vitabath Original Spring Green Moisturizing Bath & Shower Gelee 32 oz bath gel.  I purchased this item for a family member who has used this product for years...she gives it four stars.  This review is mostly about Venice Beauty, the outlet linked through Amazon.  I was edgy about ordering through another linked supplier because I had a situation with a linked supplier (product purchased 11-19-09) that was not resolved yet.The price was several dollars higher than my last purchase of the same item directly through Amazon, but that was okay (I don't know where to find it locally so shopping on Amazon made everything easier).  Given the date of my purchase (12-22-09) I didn't expect the quick result that I got.  The gel arrived earlier than estimated.  So for the whole process of ordering, shipping, and receipt, I give four stars.  Five stars would be for a reduced product price and/or free shipping which would have happened had the product been available directly through Amazon.  I would shop at Venice Beauty again.
I have always used this bubble bath and never get the dreaded ring around the bathtub. A little goes a long way so it's no more expensive than drugstore products.
I love vitabath and the smell takes me back to younger times.We live at high altitude (5400 ft) and when the boxes arrived, the soap had leaked out. I smelled this as soon as I picked up the package.I wish Vitabath made a lotion.
Love this product but I wish it was cheaper!! Smells Great!  I had a couple bottles delivered where it had leaked all over my package. They sent me a new one to replace. Good product.
. . .When we use this emerald 'goo'(gel) . .  it always gave us the feeling, - that we actually love our physical-body, and - it gave us the idea , that we are indeed i m p o r t a n t.It is worth the weight in emerald.ENJOY, - ENJOY, - ENJOY(... we have nothing to do with the producers of this product. (For sure)
I use this product and I have to say, it gets your face clean and feeling smooth.  My only downfall is that I'm overseas and can't have it shipped over here through the mail like most people.
When my old straightener broke, I thought I was not going to be able to find one just as good as the old one. However, Conair has created a great product that simply does what is expected. The heat level can be adjusted, it does not over heat and it leaves my hair straight and shinny. It is indeed a great product worth every penny.
The product itself does exactly what it's designed to do. The heat settings are nice, though I find myself accidentally turning it up while straightening my hair because of the placement of the dial. I have very straight hair as it is, but I wanted something that would smooth it out after blow drying, and this does a great job. If I were to purchase again I would get the 1" [or whatever the smaller one is] size because this is a bit too big for my shoulder length hair. I may find it more useful once my hair gets longer again.Overall, I'd recommend this product to anyone that has a decent amount of hair and it seems like it would work for all hair types with how high you can get the heat.
This was a last minute purchase before a trip to Germany.  I had my apprehensions considering I normally use expensive flat irons but because this was for travel purposes, I wasn't about to spend ridiculous amounts of money for something I would use once a year or so.  It worked suprisingly well except it didn't get as hot as I would have liked.  I would recommend this for women who have curly hair that is easily made straight.  I don't know if this will work with tight curls or course hair.
Good adjustable heat.  It takes some practice not to burn your face or skin, but the size is very manageable and more convenient to me than the full size straighteners.
This instant iron is amazing!! The best part is its portable,has dual voltage and its as good as other expensive flat irons! It works well for me.
I got this hair straightner because of its dual voltage feature. Im from New York but I will be going to amsterdam next week and I want to be able to straighten my hair. Ive used it here in the US and it works great. I like the bigger irons. I don't need to set it very high either :)
I used this to straighten a kanekelon wig, on the lowest setting.  The wig wasn't damaged in the least bit, and was still absoulutely beautiful.
I bought this item to use while on holiday in Europe.  I bought it specifically because it was advertised as a Dual Voltage straightener.  I know a lot of items will work on 120/240 volts, but I didn't want to bring my expensive straightener from home and have it break while in my suitcase or accidentally get fried while trying to plug it into the adapter and foreign outlets!  Great product for the price!
This iron worked wonders on my naturally frizzy and thick hair.  It made my hair smooth, silky and soft and with little effort!  This is definitely the lightest iron I've ever used, and the curved handle makes it so easy to maintain good control.  I have hair about 4 inches below my shoulders and it took me about 10 minutes to make it all straight.  I love to flip the ends of my hair out, and the outside of the iron lets you do this with ease.  It has a &quot;grippy&quot; texture on it which also stays cool to protect your scalp.  I paid $14.99 for it and I would say it was more than money well spent.  I am so happy with this iron and would recommend it to everybody who wants a natural-straight look, instead of a fried-straight look!
I like this straigtener and all, but it doesn't really &quot;straigten&quot; my hair. It looks sleeker, and my hair kind of curls in when I use, but not completely straight. It heats up really fast. Which is a good thing sort of, but I really wanted straight hair. It makes your hair look neater. It looks good after I use it, plus it lasts until you take a shower. Over all its good/okay.
Heats up quickly and gets very hot. My hair is curly, coarse, med length. I love the 2 inch plates, it makes straightening thick hair go much faster. I had to o over each section twice to get it straight. It does a pretty good job. A little bit frizzy still, but nothing I can't live with for a 20 dollar straightener. Also, my hair is naturally pretty frizzy.
Did a pretty good job. Had to go over hair extra times but for the cost and little bit that I use it, it is a good buy.
Excellent performance - SOOOO much better than other ones you can buy that are even more expensive!  Doesn't harm hair, yet is very effective.
I have what I would consider the world's worst type of hair, frizzes up easily, thick, coarse...so trying to find anything that works on it without emptying my bank account seems impossible.  I recently bought this flat iron from one of my local Target stores for $14.99.  The buttons are flat so you won't accidentally turn it off while styling like their old model.  It does heat up to 25 in 30 secs on Turbo, which is great.  AND it really did straighten my hair fast, only took 2-3 times down.  I can tell this is an iron for for with medium to thick grade hair, cause if you try to do a super thin amount it won't work as well.  But I'm glad I found something that works AND is very inexpensive.
The flat iron is great!  Too bad the reason I bought it was for a trip to England and the converter/ multi plug unit a bought didn't.  So, Two weeks of vacation without a flat iron.  However, I now have a great back-up iron at home.
I am basically new at this, but I just followed the directions and it really worked well.  The only problem I has was that my hair is thin and sometimes I could not get the plates close enough together to run down the length of the strand.  I had to repeat the process and then found better results.  You have to be careful, though.  These straighteners get very hot so watch your adjustment level to avoid burning your hair.
It is a good Hair Straightener. It works efficiently but it sometimes burns my hair because it gets so hot. There is a setting but the first time I used this I burnt my hair BAD!!! I have straight hair but want to give it shine I put the setting on 15. The first time I did it I put it on 25. Good Product!
warms up fast, but I have problem with overheating, since I always manage to scroll the heater adjuster up while I am working on my hair...Other than that, it works great!
I've just bought this iron and i simply loved it. i tried to flat iron my hair lots of times before but i couldn't manage to do even my bangs. this product is so simple to use, heats up really fast, the turbo function is really awesome especially at hard to manage areas, and finally the 2 inch blades makes it easier and faster to finish all your hair- i finished doing all my hair in 20 minutes-. the only con that i found is that the cord was not long enough for me, i think a foot longer would be just great. other than that it's really great one and excellent bargain for the price.
I havent used it yet but it looks exactly like the picture....should not be the best but not the worst either! You get what you pay for!
I have an expensive chi straightener however, the conair cs19jcs works much better and for much less money. My hair comes out great using the product. The only drawback is the handles--they are unusually large and awkward. I'm not sure how long this product will last, but will enjoy the results in the meantime.
I got this as a gift for Christmas and love it! I have used other $40-$50 ones and yes, they work a little better but not much. Save your money and buy this. It is amazing. Also, considering the fact that all together there are only 5 reviews under 3 stars. That is a good sign. I love this and IF it ever breaks I will buy another in a heartbeat!
I've used this straightener for a little over a year now, and I have to say that, although it's not perfect, it does its job. Basically, I have the type of Asian hair that's "straight," but actually kind of thick and wavy. The straightener gets hot enough to make my hair actually stick straight (definitely way more than 68 degrees: it's hot enough that my fingers hurt if I touch my hair afterward, not to mention that 68F is below room temperature anyway...) and I've also been able to curl all of my hair with this tiny straightener. It does tend to tug at hair (it boasts this as a "feature" but it's not fun) but it's cheap and it works. Maybe it works a little more slowly than more expensive ones, but it really isn't bad at all.
I was very surprised at how well this product worked for me. My hair is very curly and it would normally take me around 2 hours to straighten because I would have to blow dry it straight then use a straightener. Even after I had worked on it for hours it wouldn't be completely straight and any contact with humidity would cause it to frizz up.I was so happy when I bought the conair straightener because it made the work so much easier. I was really happy with the size of it. It made the process much faster. Like for example today I woke up and my hair was completely curly. I was able to completely straighten it in a  hour. And I got caught in a drizzle and my hair didn't frizz.  I was really happy with my purchase.
I bought this hair straightener about a year ago for around 30$ and i find that it works great. I have very thick long hair and i never ever pulled my hair with it. Im not sure if people are using it right.  I even had friends who use salon ones for 100-200$ and they are pretty impressed on how well it works. also if you want really nice straight hair blow dry it with a large round brush first, even people with expensive ones do that first. also i use it almost every day and i dont have damaged hair.
Works well so far. I've fallen asleep with wet hair, and have woken up to my hair in much disarray. This flat iron works well in straightening out the uneven waves caused by sleeping with wet hair.
It does the job well. my only complaint is that it doesn't open wide enough. If it did I would have given it 5 stars. Otherwise it straightens hair very nicely.
I am on my second one and I just love it. My hair is medium texture and a little wavy and it works great especially for the price. My sister has thick curly hair and it doesn't work as well for her. After a while (a year or so) the coating does start coming off the plates, but I will still buy this one again.
I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed with this straightener. From the way the other review were written, I assumed it worked like a miracle for only 22$. I made up a little test of my own to see how good it was. I washed my hair, waited until it dried into a frizzy puff, then put in braids and slept on it. The next morning, I had frizz all over and huge puffy waves.The straightener took only minutes to heat up, a huge plus. I love the huge plates so I can straighten faster. I first tried a temperature of 10. It worked beautifully on the fine, thin parts of my hair, but on the coarser, thicker parts, it wasn't enough. I set it on 15 and straightened. The waves disappeared immediately but the hair was still a little puffy. I ran the straightener down again and I had shiny straight hair but more volume than I bargained for.Pros: 1) 2 minute heat up time 2) 25 temperature settings 3) huge plates 4) made hair shiny 5) straightened hair great 6) tamed some frizz 7) really shows off the layers in my hair 8) 2 year warranty.Cons: 1) Gave my hair too much volume (but that could just be my hair) 2) couldn't tame all the frizz 3) i keep bumping the temperature dial on the iron, thus making the iron heat up all over again, but I think I can just scotch tape it so it doesn't move.All in all a great value, especially for the price. I think it would benefit those with curly hair but it MIGHT be a bit of a disappointment to thick hair.
There is nothing to say bad about this straightener. I bought it being it's Dual Voltage so my wife could use it on our european vacation. It worked in every country.
works good ans looks like it will last???
I bought this flat iron from Fred's for around twenty bucks. It came with a little comb that you insert on the side of the plate, which I LOOOOVED. Not sure if this one comes with a comb or not. Either way, its a great straightener for the price. It glides smoothly over your hair and gets it very straight. I think it works as well as any other straightener. I don't know why anyone would complain. It's very cheap and does a GREAT job. As of now I'm using the Remington Wet-to-Straight flat iron. It's also a great straightener for a cheap price.
I bought this specifically for my trip to England since my Chi wouldn't work with the voltage converters. It's a good straightener for the price; since I'm used to a Chi then it didn't work as well, but it still got the job done. It took a bit longer to straighten my hair with this, but it still worked, and it heated up pretty quickly too, which was nice. I didn't mind using it temporarily or as a backup to my Chi. It works perfectly in England as long as you have the correct adapter.
This straightener works wonders even on my crazy, wavy, frizzy hair!  It works really well without damaging my hair, which was a welcome surprise considering the price.  I would definitely buy another one of these if it ever wears out.UPDATE: 11/13/2007  I've had this for 3 years now, and it works just as great as it did when I first bought it.  Still a great value for the money!
I forgot my flat iron and even my &#34;travel&#34; flat iron so had to buy another one. I bought this at CVS for $22 (because I couldn't wait and am at a hotel) so get it here at the better price. This one is good because it's a little smaller in size (even better than the Revlon  cheapo) and the ergonomic curve is really nice!
I used this for the first time today and the verdict is: meh. I have thick, wavy, course hair, and it doesn't work great. I owned a CHI before which was GREAT. It broke only after a month because it fell off my sink, and because I didn't buy it off of their site any limited warranty was void. Please, I implore you, go out and get a CHI or other high-end straightener if you have a lot of hair like me. A lot of people on these reviews are saying that this straightener is just as good as expensive ones. It's not, not if you have hair like me. I straightened half of HALF of my hair, and that alone took ten minutes. To do all of my hair would take 30-45 minutes, which was pretty typical of my previous straighteners (CHI took 20-25 minutes).Basically, this straightener is fine, but it's JUST a $20 flat iron, so please expect that. It doesn't get much hotter than any other flat iron, and the 2" plates don't add much to the experience. Plus, because of my hair, it was left a little frizzy, but I think using a product before straightening can fix this. My review is this: if you've ever owned a really nice flat iron, you'll be disappointed. If not, then you'll be happy with it.EDIT: I have to edit this review because it actually IS better than any other $20 flat iron. I finally sat down and straightened my frizzy, curly hair beginning to end. Verdict: It did take me a very long time to straighten my hair (40 minutes), but if you're just relaxing watching TV anyway, not a huge deal. It's always taken me this long with other straighteners. What's different: The thing that sold me on this is that I straightened my hair 2 days ago, have slept on it, have had it blown around by the wind, have had it in hot AND cold weather (it's crazy in IL right now), and it still looks the SAME. I have not had to touch up my hair ONCE since I straightened it on Saturday, and that hasn't happened since my CHI. I still want a new CHI to cut straightening time in half, but anyone that has thinner or less wavy hair is really, really gonna love this because it really will only take minutes for them. Blew me away!
I've had a CHI flat iron for about six years, but it's starting to die so I just wanted an emergency back-up to last me at least through the end of the semester. I tested it out a couple of times and it works fine for me. It doesn't get really hot, but it still gets hot enough to work on my hair (medium-length, naturally frizzy and wavy). Then again, I also use product before and after I straighten to help control my hair, so that may be a factor that makes my hair slightly more obedient.While it doesn't get really hot, it does get ready to go super quick. The "turbo" button does help out with the more stubborn curls on the back of my head, saving time. I also haven't had any problems with it being uncomfortable, either in my hand or on/in my hair.I do wish the cord was a bit longer and that it would get just a little bit hotter for days when my hair's just being too stubborn to flat iron, but for an inexpensive straightener, it's not bad.
I purchased this item for my trip to Ireland. It is dual voltage which is perfect and heats up great for my thick, long hair. Nice convenient size as well to fit in suitcase.
Nice curve to the handle helps with the use of this flat iron very quick to use and priced right.
Works well and was not so expensive.  Just what you want from a hair appliance. I would have liked it to be just a bit less wide.
I have very difficult to manage hair but this straightener really helps to keep it under control. The only thing I am upset about is there was no bristle attachment with it. I really wanted to try that.  But it does work really well. I have to put it at the highest setting.  Be careful if you do!  My hair is extremely hot to the touch.  But it seems to tame it, even in the most humid conditions, and that is what I was looking for.
I bought this so I could travel internationally after I have nearly blown out  a couple of irons or outlets over the years.  I did use this with a converter as well, but for a heat producing item which don't often work even with converters , it worked well.  Not as good as my iron I use at home but perfect for traveling abroad.
I love this hair straightener... got it about 2 1/2 years ago and use it almost daily.  My hair glides smoothly over it, and the coating on the ceramic plates hasn't worn off like my previous (non-ceramic) hair straightener.  I like the adjustable heat settings, but it's easy to push the dial by mistake and end up with a much hotter (or cooler) setting than you intended.  It heats up fast, too.Unfortunately, after 2 1/2 years of use, it's now getting stuck in the closed position when I use it.  It's still usable, but it's time for a replacement.  Friends of mine have purchased the $150+ irons and have had theirs wear out faster, so I guess I can't complain.
I have been using Conair flat irons for years. I straighten my hair, non-chemically, so I typically use more than one flat iron. This, however, is one of my staples. I was unsure as to how I would like it since I had an older model. This model is a sleeker version that has been reconstructed seemingly to hold the plates in better. The older model would break relatively easily if you ever accidentally dropped it. I cannot honestly say if I think it works better than the older model, because I prefer the older model better, sans the issue with the plates. I do appreciate the fact that this model doesn't grab your hair like the older model. Maybe I need to kick the temperature up a bit. But it is a nice flat iron, especially for the price.
Worked as expected.Good: dual voltage, comfortable grip, long cord, great valueBad: not enough temperature settingsOverall a good product.
This is a not bad iron. The only thing that is frustrating is that after a few passes, the iron cools, and it needs to reheat itself to achieve optimal straightening.
This is a great iron for the price. I also have another expensive flat iron (by solano) and this one works extremely well in comparison. I've purchased several flat irons from retail outlets (just to have a back-up) and there is no comparison to the Conair. This is by far the best flat iron i've purchased in anywhere near the price range. It gets extremely hot, which in my opinion, is half the battle with straightening hair (especially thick hair with some wave). It does a great job. You won't be disappointed if you purchase this.
This is so cool! i ordered it sep.15 and i got it the next day.I love how it has big plates and how it heats up in 60 sec.It really is worth buying!
Its been over a year though I don't use this that often. My hair doesnt get stuck anywhere and gets hot pretty fast
I bought this because I need a dual voltage straightener to take to Eurpoe.  It works really well and does a good job straightening my frizzy hair.
I love it...cause has a graduate for the heat, is ceramic and permite precise the temperature, i dont know how straightener can be cause my hair is lise, but for me works just great! =)
Very easy to use, I think it would work well on any type of hair because it has many different temperatures as well as a turbo function. Delivery was fast.
I bought this straightener based on the reviews that said it worked great, and it does.  But it is fairly heavy and too big for my medium length hair.  I had previously had a flat iron that did nothing in comparison, and this worked great.  I bought a lighter more expensive one, and I would say that this one still does a better job, though I like have a smaller one for me in particular.
I've had some bad experiences with flat irons and vowed never to buy another... and I'm glad I changed my mind. I LOVE this flat iron. At  first I was thrown off by the handles because I'm used to V shaped handles. Now I actually like these wands better-- I don't have to hold the flat iron to my hair because the wands have an excellent grip. My only complaint is the automatic shut off... I just prefer to keep it on while I'm using it, but a press of the power button solves that.
I have naturally straight hair, and for most of my life I wore my hair long, usually one length.  For the last few years, though (now that I'm in my 30's) I've had my hair cut in various shorter, layered styles. Since I never needed to do much styling with my straight hair, it's taken me a little while to "get" it; sometimes my hair would look great, sometimes it would be funky, and I could never figure out how to make it look the right way if it happened to be a day my hair wasn't cooperating.  Because I have naturally straight hair, the idea of needing or using a flatiron never occurred to me; I don't need to "straighten" my hair. It wasn't until my new stylist recommended using one to get the look I was going for with my new cut that I ever picked one up, and I will be forever grateful! (FTR, she recommended "a(ny) flatiron"; not this particular model)For what I am using it for, this item is perfect. Basically, I use it to polish side swept bangs (something I could never get the hang of until I started using a flatiron) and I also use it to smooth and "flip" the ends of my layers to make it look cute.  The iron heats up quickly, the buttons are easy to use; it's pretty foolproof, from my generally style-challenged perspective.Basically, I chose this item based on the price. Since I never used one before, and wasn't sure how much I'd be using it (and wasn't going to be giving it heavy duty use) I didn't want to spend a lot (I had no idea that flatirons could be so expensive!)  I'm glad I was able to find one in my price range so I could try it, and I am very satisfied with my purchase. I doubt I'll be upgrading since this seems to suit my needs perfectly.Admittedly, I am NOT using it for heavy duty straightening, and I cannot comment on it's suitability for that, but for occasional light-duty styling, it works great.
So far I have had the straightener for about two weeks, it heats up fast, to a high heat if needed. I haven't had any problems with this device. I would recommend this item though if you were in the market of looking for an affordable flat iron that gave you the same quality straightening power of a hot tools, now it doesn't get that hot, but it's pretty darn close. I have very thick hair and it takes me less then a half hour now to straighten it all.I gave it four stars just because I wasn't blown away by the product, now if it was a singing straightener maybe we'd be on to something. just kidding.But  really this is a good product, I highly recommend it
This is a perfect travel flat iron. It is dual voltage, making it ideal for international travel. It's also very lightweight.Surprisingly, this flat iron is superior to a flat iron I bought for 3 times as much, that had far fewer features. I like the multiple heat settings and the on/off light, both of which the more expensive "professional" flat iron didn't offer.This iron straightens my hair perfectly with one pass on the 5 (out of 25) heat setting, but I do have fine hair that is wavy (not curly or kinky). The narrow size makes it easy to flip the ends of my hair.I'm very happy with this inexpensive purchase!
I found this product very user friendly, i was able to straighten all my hair in matter of a few minutes, results were instanteous...!!!! i am very pleased
This is a good little flat iron heats up quickly and can be adjusted. It is too big to create curls with though.
This is my third straightener. They all broke because of me, not because they died. It's a great size especially since I use it as a multi-tool. I can straighten my ridiculously thick, curly hair and also style my fringe. Great buy for the money.
It has 25 settings, a regular heat and a turbo heat that heats in seconds!  This flat iron is Fantastic!
I love that it is so wide and that I can get a lot of my very thick hair in the straightener at once so straightening my hair doesn't take very long.  Even though it does seem to take quite a while to heat up, I still recommend this product highly!
A gift to a cousin.. still using it after 1+ years of use. Still working as day 1 she says.
This product works really  well. I bought this from amazon when I was visiting USA. I was scared if it will work in India. Biut all it took was a plug point converter and It works just fine :-)
Nice device, warms fast, easy and light weighted to use. The items is very good made and a well known brand. Now the proble is that my wife and sister in law want me to buy the bigger one
multi - heat levels, dual voltage, I find it efficient for my short hair, it doesnt take time and effeort to get my hair done.
I saw a lot of people complaining about this straightener, but it really does work well for me. It mainly depends on your hair type -  if you have very thick, bushy, or curly hair, you might want to use a more professional and high quality straightener, but if you have thin hair, or fairly thick and wavy hair like myself, then it'll work beautifully.Other reviewers have complained that the plates "aren't ceramic" - actually, they are. If it's burning your hair, then obviously, you need to turn down the heat, and there's a dial on the straightener that allows you to do that, along with a guide on how high you should have the heat depending on your hair type. I've been using this straightener for a while, and my hair is not burnt, and my split ends have even reduced from switching to this one from my old one, and my old one used had been much more expensive and supposedly "higher quality" than this one.This definitely isn't for everybody, but considering it's not too costly, there's no real harm in just giving it a try.
I ordered two of them for my cousins..great one for a reduced price..its been a year and its still working well...
I bought this 8-9 months back, and its amazing. And more importantly, I am a guy with not-so-long hair.Pros:1. It comes along with a comb which is very comfortable.2. Auto power off. I always tend to forget switching it off, and it shuts off automatically. No worries.3. Comfortable grip4. Gets hot quickly.5. The comb is detachable. I just take it out and wash it regularly.Cons:1. The plastic handle is flimsy. Each handle is made of 2 pieces held together by a screw. The screw is already screwed up in my piece (after nearly 3 months of use). Right now, I have held them together by a rubber band (and it works just fine). I used to travel with this a lot though.2. It actually takes more time to cool down (approx 15-20 minutes). So if you are traveling, and use the straightner just before heading out, then you need to wait for atleast 10-15 minutes before packing this.Having said both pros and cons, I really love it. And believe me, it works well for guys too!
Good device.  It does shut off unexpectedly in the middle of use,so be careful to watch for the light.
Used in Germany, UK and Switzerland. Heats up quickly and (with the turbo turned on) is hot enough to flatten my thick wavy hair. I wish the plates had a little give so you can easily flatten all the hair in a bundle; right now if you have a thicker clump of hair, the other pieces don't get flattened. But overall, an excellent purchase for my European travel.
I lived all over Europe for 2 months and never had a problem, you just need a converter plug, but even when I came back to the U.S.A I still prefer it over my other straighteners....Buy it! it is worth the money!
I have owned this straightener for about 2 years. When I first got it, I was impressed at how hot it got in a very short time. After about a year of owning the product, the clip that clips the scissors-like parts together came loose, and I started having to clamp it together with my free hand in addition to squeezing the handle. I tried tightening the only screw that is visible without actually taking the thing apart, to no avail. It finally got so loose that it doesn't do anything except make my hair hotter, so now I will be buying a new straightener... but probably not this one.
This is a great staightener for a very reasonable price.  It heats up quickly and the attached comb helps keep my hair untangled as it goes between the ceramic plates.  I always get a lot of compliments when I use it!
I bought this straightener over a year ago, and it worked great. I have EXTREMELY thick, long, curly hair, and this baby worked great.However....I would not recomend this product to anyone who has thin, fine hair, or to anyone who has a sensitive head... like my sister. She has pretty curly hair too, but her poor head was just too sensitve, and after about five mins. of me straightening her hair, she was screaming at me, saying it just hurt too much. And I must admit, my hair also got caught in it a few times, but it was truly nothing to worry about.And one more con, It does give off a strange smell while straightening, but from what I've heard, that's pretty normal, along with all the steam.I was truly satisfied with this product. It got my hair smooth, sleek, and no frizz, but I would recomend a VERY small amount of hair spray, just to give your hair that perfect shine.But alas, after a year's use the plates got kind of dark, and the thing started to steam waaaay more, along with a more putrid smell. So I recently bought a Vidal Sassoon straightener, that is "supposed" to work on wet and dry hair.... and I can safely say that THAT DIDN'T GO TO WELL. So, I'm just going to take that one back, get my refund, and buy my trusty conair again.Hope you like this straightener too!!~Tags
I gave this to my wife and here's her feedback "It is a good product and  like the end result on my hair. It is a bit bulky and clumsy to handle.  A sleeker design would be preferred."
Okay I have to say I love this straightener alot!!! But whats with all the bad reviews on it. There's nothing wrong with it. Sure it heats up kind of slowly and its skinny and it takes a while to get to all of your hair but you just to be patient. That what my mom says. Just to be patient. Now im 14 and obviously a teenager so teenagers are very impatient but i can wait a while i just have to think about something else. If your patient this straightener will work. As for the people with curly and frizzy hair i dont think you should buy this because it wont work because its so skinny and you might get extremely frusturated. But I like it so dont listen to the bad reviews.BUY IT!!!
So, I earlier had a Remington straightener which I loved, but as I was travelling to India, I needed a dual voltage straightener which would work there. This was suited to my requirements perfectly.I have thin, fine, almost straight hair, pretty easy to manage, so I can't tell how it works on difficult hair (I'll ask my friends and update this if possible). It works pretty good on my hair, although I must say it does not work at the given heat setting (it said for straight hair use setting 10, whereas I got my desired results at 20). I use it for getting my hair to not get tangled easily (which it doesn't after using), make it a little neater, and to make it shinier (which it does look after using this!)Overall, I would say this is a good straightener, but the heat is slightly less than what I was expecting. It takes a bit more time than my older one. Also, that one was digital, and had a lock (I miss the lock) and was cheaper so I deducted a poit for this one. But overall, a good purchase! I recommend it.
I think this is a fine iron.  It's my first and I watched a few tutorials on YouTube to get it right.  I am happy because it replaces a hairdryer for me, and ends up making mymedium-long, fluffy, frizzy, crazy, wavy, thick and course hair smooth and straight, when done right.  It's also easy, if you do all the steps.  To make it work, with hair like mine, you have to start with completely dry, combed hair, put a heat protectant gel on, and then section off hair with clips and get to work, a layer at a time.  If your hair is damp, the iron will lose heat and start blinking and it takes longer.  If your hair is truly dry and combed, in 10 minutes you will be transformed!
I'm traveling to a 220 volt country in a week therefore need a dual voltage straightener.  So far, I've tried it with my 110 voltage and it works as expected.  Not sure what the purpose of the 25 heat settings is though; I think low, medium, and high would suffice.It was shipped to me in a plastic bag with the model number handwritten on a 3x5 index card.  There was no original packaging.  Made me wonder if it was used or refurbished.  If there are special instructions for use with 220 (as there is with hair dryers) I am unaware of it since I did not get any info with the straightener.
I actually posted a good review of this on amazon but i deletaed that one i started this one instead. It does straighten and all  but i notice after a hour or so my hair starts to get curly again. Another thing the plates are way to small it takes so long to straigthen my hair and most of the time i have to go over the same section of hair more then once. I suggest you go to place with a good return policy like target and try several out before you find the one that works well. Oh you can go to a beauty supply shop and buy one i am sure they have one at a resonable price.
I bought this razor from Amazon.com as part of a goldbox offer or whatever to give it a try.  There is nothing wrong with the razor.  The moisturizer works well and smells good if you are not naturally a stinky person.  The scent goes away within a few moments for the most part.  I think the razor is good.  It shaves close and without drying out your skin.  You can shave just as effectively right after a shower as you can 15 minutes after a shower. A refill will last a couple of weeks.  The funny thing though is that my razor arrived in like 3-4 days.  But everything else I buy from this site usually does not arrive so dilligently.
The smell depends on who you are. I have a couple of friends who have tried this razor, and I'm getting it for my boyfriend for Christmas. The smell depends on your own sense of smell, I've heard from some that it smells wonderful, and some think it stinks. Before you spend the 60-120 bucks on this razor, I think it might be a good idea to buy a cartridge and try the smell first, if you can take the smell, the razor is wonderful. As for a cartridge lasting only one use, I have no idea how the other user came up with that. Both of the men I've talked to said that with daily use the cartridge should last about 2 weeks.. so about 6 packs of these will do you a year. It's a bit pricey, but if you suffer from shaving rashes, it might be worth it for you.
I like my Braun FreeGlider Shaver with the built-in conditioner applier.  Itis very comfortable.
Nice smell, nice body wash, not much else to say.
i wish it was more &#34;exfoliating&#34; then it actually is. i've used all sorts of St. Ives products and (maybe its just me) it seems like this just doesn't scrub as well as some other products i've used.
Love the body wash. It's my favorite & it's not in stores anymore which is not easy fiding it. But glad they have it on here.
I like it, it does make my skin soft and it lathers very well. I only have to pour this on my puff/shower thing once (instead of twice like other more expensive brands) to get enough suds to lather my entire body which is a plus. It smells nice, I'd say it's unisex and I don't love the smell because of that. I like more floral/womanly/stronger scents and this just smells faintly like apricots but that's what it is supposed to smell like so, not a bad thing. I would recommend it.
Nice and refreshing. Provides a lot of suds, smells good and does a leaves me feeling clean. Good budget body wash.
I am already in love with the Apricot face scrub which I admit I have used as a body scrub for years and was excited to find this product. I love the feel and smell of it. You just need a little, making the bottle last a long time. I also use a mit so I get the most scrubbing benefit. I step out of the shower feeling incredibly moisturized.
I love the smell of this, it doesn't dry out my skin, I was hoping there was more scrubbies in this but even for the lack of scrubbies this is a nice body wash
I have been using St Ives for years. It's the only body wash my family will use.I prefer the old apricot body wash the new one is good but a little to grainy. We use a lotAnd give to friends to try. So thank you for a great product. Hope you go back toLast version and please put this one back in stores. Thank you
this is a very nice cleanser - i thought that it would remove blackheads but it hasn't so far - so that is a little disappointing. but overall i really like it and woudl purchase it again.
I have used this shampoo for years and think it is a good shampoo but I am dissapointed that the price of the product went up over double when I ordered it last in the last few months, it will keep me from buying it anymore unless the price goes back to half of what is being charged now. Thank you
I like this product so much no more hair loss no dandruff, help to restore your hair. . . .
The price was twice as high as the original product. It was the real thing though. Need to find an inexpensive alternative.
I'm 23 and my hair isn't thinning or balding but it is pretty naturally thin.  I had been using normal shampoo and conditioner and it was not thick at all and I have medium length hair that comes down a little past my eyebrows.  I could see my forehead uncovered by strands of hair.  Finally i saw this at cvs and picked it up and my hair has gotten noticeably thicker when i use this product.  Its good for ppl with just thin hair.. if your hair is incredibly thin and your almost at the combover stage, id say go with something more intense.
I haven't been using it that long yet, so far about 1 month,  but I like works well for Volume.
I'd been trying to find something that worked on my fine hair but less expensive than what I'd been paying. Very happy with Progaine as far as volume and manageability.
Just ordered 4 bottles from buy.co_ for $25.96 w/free ship. Amazon needs to stay on top of prices, I hate to have to shop hard when I used to believe amazon was as good as it gets. Tighten up amazon.
I haven't used it long enough to give a review on the results, but I really like it so far.
My wife developed a bald spot at the back of her head due to styling. Her hair is long but thin so that when her hair is combed back, the bald spot becomes visible when the hair blows. She bought the progaine volumizing shampoo and was extremely impressed by this product. It makes her hair look three times thicker than it actually is and actually conceals the bald spot. She says her hair feels fluffy and light after using the shampoo and the thickness lasts for about three to four days. We only gave four stars because the downfall is that it dries out the hair a lot and the conditioner is no longer available on amazon. Oh - my wife is of african descent and has relaxed hair. Great product.
my hair is very fine and this shampoo is giving me volume. Do you have anything that will stimulate texture ?
I recently bought the Neova Tricomin and I'm trying that one after a year of using this one, I'd say they're both really good, but I like the other one better because it has conditioner in it.
The shampoo is good at controlling hair fall. Good for thinning hair. It doesn't really make your hair grow but pretty good for general use. Can supplement with other products (minoxidil or DHT blocker) to cater for overall hair care. Value for money.
Bought for my mom who has terribly thinning hair.  Not a miracle worker, but I have noticed slight volume.  After taking out rollers, hair is very, very soft too.  We will continue to use.
I can't believe amazon is asking for a review on this.I honestly don't know if it works but me dermatologist told me to use it.Since I am under 40 and don't want to lose my hair I will continue to use.
I have fine hair and losing my hair at a young age due to heredity.I went to a hotel about a month ago and noticed after I took a shower there my hair looker so much fuller as if I hadn't lost any and my fine hairs looked great. I later figured it was a volumizing shampoo. I needed to get more of this, so I could continue getting those results. When I had got home, my hair was starting to get worse again.I found this product on Amazon and had to get it because of the cheap price, and that it is from the makers of rogaine. I used this and noticed similar results to what I got from the one in the hotel. My hair looks better for about a day after I use this. I'm trying not to use shampoo every day when I shower, but when I don't use this my hair looks so much worse. So just note that when you buy this, you need to actually use it to get results, they will all disappear once you stop using it.Make sure to use the subscribe and save option so you can get a discount and free shipping. At the price, the results you get are more than worth it. Give it a shot if your hairs are thin.
Really works!  I have pretty thin hair in the front and I noticed an improvement after a week or so of using this.
Very Good.
It does say on the bottle that it does NOT contain Rogaine. That said, I'm kinda neutral on this product. My hair does seem a little thicker (but it's actually curling as it gets longer), and it may be worth a try for people who want to try and thicken their hair if price isn't a problem.
I like this product but it has become unavailable in this aeea or at least where I purchased it in the past.  I find it handy that it can be purchased through the Amaon site
Have used it for a few years.  Stores I bought it at stopped carrying it as the price when up a considerable amount.  Got it on line, but think I will switch to something more reasonable.
This is excellent shampoo for thin hair. I've been using it for years. Thank heaven for Amazon.com because I no longer can find this product on any store shelf!(Why do they always do that?) It can dry your hair out a little so I use a light conditioner. I would give it another star if it would just grow hair. Ha! Ha!
This product really works! My hair was really flat but Progain makes it more valumized. However, I stopped using it just one day my hair went back to flat so you have to keep using it.
I never thought I would be buying shampoo online, but it seems Amazon is the only convenient place "near me" that carries this shampoo.I haven't seen results yet but I've been using Rogaine (the makers of this shampoo). Since Rogaine is on of the few companies that has proof their product works for hair loss, I trust this shampoo.4 stars since I still got a bald spot. 5 stars when I get a full head of hair.
As the the same green bottle (tube) of the same brand was organic, I thought this one was organic too, but it's not. But over all as a oil product, it works fine. It will be absorbed into your skin smoothly and won't leave your skin very oily.
This is a nice basic massage oil, good quality for the price and size of the bottle. I would buy this again.
I bought this to stave off winter dryness without resorting to pure petroleum jelly.  In that respects, this product is what I would consider a consumer reports style 'best buy.'  For around $5 you've got a tub of moisturizer to slather on after a shower or before bed that will alleviate that sensation you have woken up and been transformed into a snakeskin handbag for 3 months of every year.This is a no-frills moisturizer that soaks into your skin fairly quickly and smooths the itchy scales, but until it -does- soak in (perhaps 2-3 minutes) it will leave you with an oily residue.  DO NOT use it on your face!!!  It is far too heavy.  But DO use it on your lips to help rehydrate them before you hit them with lipstick or chapstick.  I slather it on my hands before bed at night, but not in the morning as I hate that greasy residue even though it is gone within a few minutes.It smells like cocoa butter because that is what it is.  Cocoa butter is not my favorite scent, but this cream works so effectively I have learned to live with it.  It doesn't smell -bad- ... just cocoa-buttery.I will keep buying this product because, unlike the other products I have dished out gobs of money to buy which leave my skin dry or cause it to erupt in either a rash or pimples, this one does the job ... and for dirt cheap.  I spent $5.50 on skin cream this winter and never once did my hands or lips crack, whereas most other winters I have spent upwards of $40 or more and still been left with painful splits.  It's a good, no-frills product for people like me with better things to do with our money.
Bought this product for complete body treatment. Must really help. My healthcare giver had reason to touch my leg and couldn't believe how remarkedly soft my skin is. I like the soothing feeling it leaves on my hands. (I'm 74 and am mistaken for 50ish.)
Queen Helene is one of the most effective and cheapest brands out there for permanent skin improvement.I like this stuff but it is very thick.  Best for winter.  I tried what another reviewer did and used this and put knee highs over my feet.  It is rather uncomfortable and it will make grease marks in your clothes.  So I wore old, crappy socks and tanktops.  My skin was so soft after those nightly treatments!Because it's so thick, I alternate between this and their normal body lotion.  After a few months, I see improvement in the blemishes and scars in my skin that will last a very long time.
First of all, I guess I should've read that this product is a creme. It's more like a body butter than a lotion. I was hoping for more of a lotion that is easy to spread. The creme is thick and doesn't spread as easily. It takes awhile to sink into the skin. However, once I've covered my legs and arms, I really like the moisture. I don't use it for my way because it's too thick for my face. I feel like I'm putting thick oil on my face and since I easily break out, I stay away from oily lotions. I really do like it. I just wish it was easier to spread.
Queen Helene Natural Cocoa Butter Cr&egrave;me 15 fl oz. (425.2g)It's that time of year for rough dry skin, and what do you do about it. There are a whole host of products on the shelf in the stores for skin health, but what do you choose? A good start is a good cocoa butter cr&egrave;me and Queen Helene has mineral oil, water, beeswax, Paraffin, Theobroma Cocoa seed butter, sodium borate and lanolin all mixed together is a pleasant smelling cr&egrave;me. Cocoa butter, also called theobroma oil, is a pale-yellow, edible vegetable fat extracted from the cocoa bean. It is used to make chocolate, as well as some ointments, toiletries, and pharmaceuticals. Cocoa butter has a cocoa flavor and aroma. Cocoa butter contains a high proportion of saturated fats, derived from stearic and palmitic acids. Cocoa butter, unlike cocoa solids, has no more than trace amounts of caffeine and theobromine.The main constituent of cocoa butter is the triglyceride (fat) derived from palmitic acid, stearic acid, and oleic acid. Cocoa butter is obtained from whole cocoa beans, which are fermented, roasted, and then separated from their hulls. About 5458% of the residue is cocoa butter. Chocolate liquor is pressed to separate the cocoa butter from the cocoa solids. The Broma process is used to extract cocoa butter from ground cacao beans. Cocoa butter is usually deodorized to remove its strong and undesirable taste.Queen Helene is mixed in a way that it is absorbed quickly, but it doesn't have much of a protectant basis to keep the skin from becoming irritated again. To get that extra protection you have to add white petrolatum and some anhydrous lanolin to achieve better product, an antiseptic skin protectant.In general, for just mild use it's a fine product, but to get a protectant that will stay on the skin and be absorbed at the same time you'll need to add the additives above with glycerin or mineral oil to incorporate into the mix. This will give you a heavier cr&egrave;me but will not leave a residue.Dry skin is subjective and Queen Helene Cocoa Butter Cr&egrave;me is only a first step if you get really dry skin. Remember most soaps and detergents dry out the skin and you need to rehydrate the skin to keep it subtle. The best time to rehydrate the skin is after a bath or shower, this traps the moisture into the skin and gives a smoother feel.Cocoa butter is one of the most stable fats known, a quality that coupled with natural antioxidants which prevent rancidity gives it a storage life of two to five years. The velvety texture, pleasant fragrance and emollient properties of cocoa butter have made it a popular ingredient in products for the skin, such as cosmetics, soaps and lotions.The moisturizing abilities of cocoa butter are frequently recommended for prevention of stretch marks in pregnant women, treatment of chapped or burned skin and lips, and as a daily moisturizer to prevent dry, itchy skin. Cocoa butter's moisturizing properties are also said to be effective for treating mouth sores. However, the largest clinical study regarding the effects of cocoa butter on stretch marks in pregnant women found that results were no different from placebo.Overheating cocoa butter converts the structure to a less stable form that melts below room temperature. Given time, it will naturally return to the most stable beta crystal form. Advantage is taken of this phenomenon in the polymorphic transformation theory of chocolate bloom. It is based on the fact that bloomed chocolates are always found to contain the most stable polymorph of cocoa butter. According to this theory, bloom occurs through the uncontrolled polymorphic transformation of cocoa butter from a less stable form to the most stable form.
I get extremely chapped hands in the winter and they become very sensitive to the chemicals and acids in most moisturizers.  There are only two creams I've found, out of dozens of products, that don't burn my hands.  This one and the Cocoa Body Butter.  The difference?  This one is less than half the cost.  It is great for keeping moisture in and repairing chapped and cracking skin.  I can't do winter without it.The main caveat is that this is a cream, not a lotion.  It doesn't 'soak in' like most lotions do.  It leaves a fairly heavy film on the skin (depending on how much you use, I use a lot) which can wind up on your clothes if you're not careful.  If you use just a dab, which goes a long way, you won't have the same issue.
Been using this for a while, it's not the most quality cream in the world but it's a giant tub of it for a good price.  Good to slather on my stretch marks (I am 6'4 so I have plenty).  Over the past year of using has worked to slowly reduce their appearance. I think after another 3 or 4 years they might just be faintly visible.  Sometimes I put a tiny dot of it on my hands before my aftershave and it will keep my face moisturized on days that are very dry.  I wouldn't use it on my face without it being quite watered down though because it's pretty sticky.
very thick,was expecting it to be ligther with a bit of a moisturiser. has the usu cocoa butter smell but not too strong as to make it nauseating.
I would highly recommend Nature's Gate Tea Tree shampoo and conditioner. I have a mildly flaky scalp so I chose to try this natural shampoo with tea tree oil for its anti-flake capabilities. It's been a long accepted fact that tea tree oil is good for flaky scalps and this one holds true. While I was rinsing my hair after washing with the shampoo I realized that my hair was squeaky clean. I couldn't tell you the last time I used a shampoo that actually made my hair feel that clean. Also, the tingling on my scalp from the mint was very refreshing. The conditioner left my hair manageable and soft without feeling like it was coated or weighed down. I have noticed a few occasional flakes on my scalp since using this product on a regular basis, but they are few and far between.They're not the cheapest products on the market, but are comparable to the other natural shampoos and conditioners. You can find it at Fred Meyer in the natural aisle for about $7 per 18 oz bottle. Nature's Gate shampoo and conditioner is manufactured by Levlad, LLC and made in the USA. It claims to have no parabens, colorants, or alcohol, and is ph-balanced.
I just received this product and it is awesome. My hair is super smooth (that may also be because I am using the tea tree conditioner from nature's gate in addition to the shampoo). I love the pleasant scent, it's not overbearing. I find that this lathers up much nicer than the Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Shampoo. I feel like my hair isn't clean if I don't have a lot of suds (strange, but true). I've only been using it for 3 or 4 days, but so far I really like it. I gave this review a four because I haven't noticed any difference in my scalp condition yet, this doesn't really bother me as I have yet to find a product that helps. Overall though this is an excellent shampoo.
Pros: Lathers well, cleans thoroughly without stripping hair, leaves hair soft and shiny, a natural product minus the harsh chemicals, good price point.Cons: Has a slight synthetic smell similar to a medicine cabinet.Overall a great, natural shampoo.  A gentle yet effective cleanser.  Good value.
Tea tree oil shampoos are very drying on my hair that's my only complaint. This works great for a dandruff shampoo for cleansing the scalp this brand is not as drying as the Jason brand but the Jason brand works better for dandruff. I rotate between the two brands to keep my scalp healthy.
I think I accidentally wrote the review for this shampoo under its partner conditioner, but doesn't matter, the review would be the same.  Gist of the story is its seems to be a good product that is getting the job done in terms of reducing scalp itch and dandruff.  Smells good too (but who doesn't love the smell of tea tree oil)? :)
I have psoriasis on my scalp so it itches all the time and flares up pretty bad from time to time. I switch uses of Selsun blue, Head & Shoulders & Neutrogena T-Gel in between washes to help maintain my psoriasis. I wanted to use a shampoo that's natural and could also help relieve my itchiness. I think I saw this mentioned in Youtube review and bought it from the good reviews off Amazon.So far I like it. It foams up really well. It has a light cool minty feeling on your scalp when you massage it in. It cleans pretty well without leaving my hair feeling overly stripped. I love how it's pretty natural too. I only wish that it was more minty! But that's to each it's own. Overall I recommend this product. It's pretty affordable too. $5.99 for 18 oz for a "Natural" product isn't that bad.I also want to note that this product is not a HOLY GRAIL product in my book and it hasn't "cured" my psoriasis, but it helps it a lot. I see myself repurchasing this in the future.
I liked the shampoo, only it does dry the hair by stripping away the oils, so a good conditioner is very important after using it. I have noticed a decrease in the flaking in my head. It says that its okay to use everyday, but I wouldnt recommend it. Twice a week would be good, if you color your hair.
i love the smell of this shampoo and can feel it tingling my head. at the time of using, it makes my head feel real good. afterwards i still get some itching and i have been using it every time i shampoo since i got it.
I love the new, improved formula. It still prevents my dandruff just as well as the old formula but now it is creamy and luxurious instead of just a clear shampoo. My hair looks great after using it. Plus it is made by Nature's Gate, a company I trust, using quality, natural ingredients. I recommend giving it a try.
It has no taste - it's like water, and better if cold.  I have just started taking it and I believe it takes a minimum of 30 days for anything to get &#34;situated&#34; in one's body to make any change/difference/whatever one would call it.  But I must say, so far so good ! ! !
No bad taste. Notice benefits almost immediately. Careful not to go beyond the recommended amount. This stuff is not water.
George's Aloe is better tasting than the norm....You have to give it time to work, don't expect miracles. With time the cure will come.
George's aloe vera juice tastes a lot better than some of the aloe vera juices I have tasted. It has a slight aftertaste, but it is so much better than some, which I had to mix with tons of fruit juice. Now, all I do, is measure some aloe vera, drink it and take a little sip of fruit juice and I'm done! It has a slightly different taste than water, but the taste is very similar to warm water. Hard to describe, sorry! But good and good for you too! :)
It really has no taste, so I wonder if it really has anything in it except water. Ah and that's the problem for me. I love that it doesn't have to be refrigerated after it is opened.
I thought I'd be saving money by buying internet, but not so much.  This is a very good product as it tastes like water, which is better than some other aloe beverages I've had.  I will definitely stay with George's aloe vera juice, but will buy it locally.
I used this for some time but it is just took expensive for everyday use.
I bought it for my husband. It was suggested for use by his holistic doctor. It is just what he ordered, though there's no noticeable effect.
I didn't feel any different but I know it's good for me so why not take it ? Right ....best wishes on your experiences
Nobody has mentioned the high sodium content of this product. At 23 mgs., I think that is too much. Does anyone else think so?
I got George's Aloe, 1 Gallon liquid as remedy for my kids (5years and 11 years) digestive system.5 year old does start asking for food and going to bath room regulatory.11 year old also using once a day instead of twice a day. He did not say any changes after taking it.How ever we are happy that it does work on younger kid, which is our main concern.We did recommend same product for my friends family who have less than 6 years old kids.I still need to use it, I will update my review if it does have any benefits on adults.
With just a 4oz drink each morning I've been able to get my heartburn and indigestion resolve the natural way.  Also helps keep me regular.
Great product, taste good with no bitter taste at all, has helped with acid reflux and heartburn, George's is great!!
I use this product to treat my thoroughbred horses for ulcers, 60cc per feeding. Need to get it at best price. This is best I've found.
Ok besides the directions that was giving and how much Nature Plus grew my hair... I didn't know if I was suppose to be taking this once a day or twice? Other then that its great and longer lasting than a pill
I chose this rating since:1) This is only my second day of useage, therefore, I have not had any results as yet.2) The 4**** is for the great tast and it keeps me very filled during the morning period.3) Delivery was SUPER FAST and the package was well done.I tryly LOVE the taste which I usually add Almond milk along with other ingredientswhich I usually add to my morning shakes. I am using this shake to help with hairgrowth along with the vitamins and hope this works. I will review this rating withinanother month. Thank you.
This product feels good, smells good, and is very nice to use!  It feels very natural and the bottleis also well made - no leaking or clogged cap.
This is a perfectly fine product. The shower gel lathers nicely- the bottle is sturdy with a brightly printed label. The smell is light and not too overpowering.My main grievance is the scent. If you are looking to purchase this for a true ylang ylang scent, this is not for you. The scent is not bad, it's enjoyable in fact. However it does not smell like ylang ylang. Avalon &#34;organics&#34; (I guess they apply the term loosely as the product is only 70% organic) states on the bottle that it now has more essential oils. And boy does it. This is a whole blend of oils, ylang ylang being one of them. The product has rosewood, ylang ylang, camphor, grapefruit and a whole medley of other oils. The smell is a little licorice/gingery with a hint of floral to me. Again, the smell is not bad. It just isn't as advertised or expected.
This product is nicely formulated with no hint of fragrance.  Good for those with sensitive skin or those sensitive to fragrance.
This is my favorite bodywash.  Many people mention that the scent is not strong enough but it is perfect for me.  While I do most of my shopping on Amazon, as of right now this particular item is a couple of dollars less on VC which is where I purchased it.Since this is made by Avalon Organics you would assume the product is "all" organic, but some of the oils used are not.  To their credit, they make it clear in the ingredient list which of them are:(1)Certified Organic Ingredient-- Aqua (Water), Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice(1), Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycerin, Sodium Laurylglucosides Hydroxypropylsulfonate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Stearic Acid, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Oil(1), Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Oil, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Oil, Cedrus Atlantica Bark Oil, Litsea Cubeba Fruit Oil, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract(1), Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract(1), Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Extract(1), Arginine, Bisabolol, Sodium Citrate, Sodium PCA, Panthenol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Alcohol(1), Benzyl Alcohol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Citral, Limonene, Linalool.I got this information from the EWG site [...] (they rate this a 5 in safety overall).
Very faint scent, which is fine with me - probably healthier, too...more natural? Smooth, silky, does the job of a bath gel. Rinses clean, as far as I can tell. Buying on sale convinced me to give it a try. I love the matching skin lotion - not too thin or too thick, and not sticky after it's absorbed. Very nice.
This is the best, easiest to use and most comfortable eyelash curler ever.  It gives an amazing curl to lashes.  However, it is made from plastic (probably why it is so comfortable), and as such has a lifetime of only a year and a half or so and for that reason, the price may seem high.  I personally feel that it is worth the price.
They were out of stock so it took longer to restock and get it to us.  I ordered two bottles of it, but only received one.  I like the product however, and was reimbursed for the second bottle.All in all, I would shop here again.
Smells very good and it does moisturize, but after a week of me washing my hair everyday and using this, I realize I should use this conditioner only sparingly because of built up residue. Otherwise, good product.
I like the same brand organic shampoo and decided to try this conditioner.  I also like this product and it seems to work well.  It does smell nice.  It has a nice scent of butter/oil.  I don't feel there is much after-use smell that hangs around.  The only complaint I have is that the container is hard-plastic and it's hard to squeeze the bottler to dispense.  The conditioner comes in a thick buttery emulsion and it's hard to dispense even with my strong male forceful squeeze.  The shampoo came with a pump top dispenser but not this one.  I use a different plastic container for daily use...
Was able to find the shampoo, but not the conditioner, so I got it here.  It's just about OK.  It kind of goes funny-smelling about halfway through the bottle.
it's a bit thick,  when i get to the bottom I might put a bit of water to thin it down. But all their products are great
I got this on a whim because the other conditioner I wanted to buy and loooved (nexxus moisturizing) has a new, crappy formula. Plus I figured this would be healthier and better for the environment. I was a little skeptical though because other natural products sometimes leave my hair dull.I have fine, sometimes frizzy bleach damaged hair, and was pleasantly surprised by the results! Shiny, fluffy - not as shiny as its ever been but for a more natural product, I'll take it! Plus I like to use it on days when I'm not shampooing to rinse my hair with - even though it has oils and feels heavy/somewhat oily on, and even feels a little oily when rinsing it dries nicely and feels clean. Good product.
My daughter and I are allergic to many additives commonly found in shampoos and conditioners.  This conditioner is 70% organic, fragrance free and has not given either of us hives after going through 2 bottles.  It moisturizes and detangles our hair just as well as higher priced salon brands which is somewhat surprising, given more natural products seem to be less effective.  I have medium thickness long straight hair and my daughter has super thick long wavy hair and it works for both of us- it doesn't weigh mine down and it is moisturizing enough for her hair.  We also use the shampoo and it works well too.
After reading a couple other reviews that were negative about the performance of this avalon organics rosemary conditioner, I will add that I usually love this product but I did get one bottle, probably a year ago, that seemed really different in result. Instead of the silky smooth feel of my hair after rinsing, the "off" bottle left my hair feeling as if I'd applied nothing. I was able to comb through it more easily than if I actually had used nothing, but it was not the same. A few more tangles and snarls than I typically have to work through after using a conditioner. I took a chance and ordered the shampoo and conditioner again, and voila!, back to the formulation I was used to. A bad batch?!
Oops.  I thought I was getting shampoo, but got this instead, so I passed it on to friends.  I did like the smell.
I read some previous reviews that swore by this combo of shampoo and conditioner.  One of the reviewers said it keeps hair from become oily on the second day.  Absolutely correct.  It gives my hair shine and moister but doesn't weigh it down at all.  So on day 2 if feels as fresh as when I first washed it.The only negative thing I can say is that you end up going through the bottle pretty quickly as the conditioner is thick and I have long hair.
This is not a daily conditioner.  If you are looking for that slick, detangler feeling out of the shower you will not like this.  I use it about once to twice a week and my hairdresser says my hair is very healthy.
This rinses quite well for me.  The scent is a bit strong, but washes away with the rinse.  I use this on two spots of psoriasis to keep the skin from flaking and it does the trick.
This isn't the best conditioner I've used, but I keep going back to it for the smell. The same can be said for the shampoo, though it tends to dry out hair very quickly, making conditioner an absolute necessity.
I bought this shampoo/conditioner combo after going &#34;no poo&#34; for a year. I truly enjoy the ingredients list and the company. I bought this product at Whole Foods before I did any research on it and I'm glad hadn't or else I wouldn't have bought it. My first impression was how easily it cleansed and moisturized my hair with hardly any product which means the bottle will last a while (and my hair is pretty long). I seriously do not understand all of the negative reviews; did we buy the same product? Yes, there are chemicals in the shampoo, but no shampoo/conditioner is totally free of them. The big bad chemicals are not in Avalon Organics products (parabens, SLS, fragrances, etc) so I will continue buying. Good for the environment and good for me; plus no animal testing :)
A perfectly nice, typical shampoo. I bought it thinking it was the Head Shampoo from the 70's. That shampoo had a wonderful cherry-like scent that I adored. This one didn't have a remarkable scent. Or maybe my nose is just older:)
I love this product.  It truly lives up to its expectations.  It completely covered my gray hair and the color lasted a long time.  There were no harsh chemical smells.  I will order this product again for sure.
Great product, just be careful when ordering. I didn't realize there was an All About Eyes and All About Eyes Rich. I'm accustomed to the Rich formula. When I received this I was very upset in the difference of this formula to the Rich formula. Still works, just a difference in the way it goes on and rubs in.
I bought this almost 6 years ago at Macys. The sales lady told me it would help me with my old stubborn acne marks, it not only helped but had my skin looking so smooth and flawless as ever. I was glowing. I still use it but it seems to not have the same effect as before, I don't know if it's because I'm immune to it but I started using it again about a year ago. Still a great high quality product. Well worth the money.
I have been using MJ's products since they were first introducted.  The body lotion is perfect after a shower, especially if the user is in an area with "hard" water.  The product is in a small container so it is TSA approved for travel.  After years of use, I still have not found a product better than Jordan's....all of his products.
Spice Berry is the only color that works for me.  The seller is great with fast delivery.  I am noticing a bit of a change in the product so the manufacturer may be revamping it's products.
I love this brand, it is so soft and natural looking! I tell everyone about it. The powder foundation is also wonderful.
The blush is nice and the color is good.  However, I thought from the description that it was a creamy blush so I was disappointed.  I am using it, but will probably not order it again.  I have the Stilla creamy blush and I like it a lot.
I'm a huge fan and current user of Glominerals products but for me, this mascara was just okay.  Reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is it takes way too long to dry and it didn't seem to stay on as long as some cheaper mascaras.
This is a hard bar of soap, it doesn't melt or slough away as do most bars these days. Only a light scent, which is ok, and it comes wrapped in wax paper as well as the box. My soap was made awhile ago, it had a date on the box, but it lasts a good long lather time. Worth the money for good old fashioned soap that doesn't turn to mush.
I had a mirror like this for over 20 years and could not find a similar one anywhere. I finally found this on the amazon search, its not the best quality but it is lightweight and as I always cut my own hair it is perfect for what I want. It just needs to be handled carefully when adjusting the screws. And at this price I will buy more so I have them. Its much cheaper than a salon cut, and as a stylist I like to cut my own hair. Satisified
It is what it is!  The description is accurate.  I save a bundle by cutting my own hairs! CRAFT IDEA:  Save the hairs, form into a ball and cover with felt fabric. This makes a great pin cushion!!!! Keeps the pins, needles & safety pins from corroding.
Yes it is a Great Product, but something has changed?Cannot figure it out yet.  That is why the 4 stars.I have used this product for a long time, makes hair stronger and more manable.  Feeds the hair.I will have to say though, that Edwin Paul makes a great conditioner too, and many of them. I like them both very much,  and adore the clean smell.
I liked this product. However I found that instead of washing it out, after the 5 min. cooling period,  if I just left it in overnight it worked better for me.
Fragrance was great. However bottle cap did not fit and was very hard to take off and put back on.
good deal, ok on the price as it was a little less expensive on line, it served its purpose as a last minute gift
great value fast service recomend it to any one who likes Paul  Sebastian priocucts would buy it every time i need some more
This product seems to be working.  I'm amazed, as I have never been able to grow nails without them splitting.  It's nourishing and takes a little long to dry so be patient.
Since stopping acrylics, my nails have been soft and layering/peeling.  I haven't used Trind Nail Repair DAILY as recommended, only twice a week or so.  I've also started taking Biotin and stopped filing (clipping instead).  So, not sure what it is that's making the difference.  After a month of Trind Nail Repair (as well as the Balsam) use, my nails are longer and stronger and the peeling/layering has stopped. I think it's still too early to give Trind all the credit and high marks.
I have purchased TRIND repair 2 months ago and I really love it as my nails got so much better. I am an American living abroad and I bought your product in a Italian store after hearing from a friend about it.I am about to finish the product so I thought to order it directly from the USA and with my big surprise I see it costing more than in Italy.I would like to know the reason why as with the Euro we should benefit by paying with dollars. I was ready to order at least 5 or 6 from you but not any more until I see it in a reasonable price like I have it here.
My 98-year-old friend has been using this product for YEARS to keep her nails in good shape.  I guess at her age, the product has stood the test of time and is indeed worth every penny.
This cuticle repair seems to be soothing the discomfort of my spouse's dry & inflamed cuticles. His being a diabetic causes these small injuries to occur & they are slow to heal.
Excellent product.. my nails are in the best shape ever .. after using many different products.  Gel nail polish turned my nails into the very bad condition.  This product has definately help solve my problem.
This is a good product for brittle or splitting nails and the color is an almost clear which I like. I recommend this product as it is working for me.
I have used this product for several years and think it works really well. This is my first purchase from this company and everything went smoothly. The package arrived pretty beat up but the contents were just fine.
Trind is a good nail product.  I found it less expensive on Amazon than ordering from the mfg. company.
My electrolysis place told me to get this cream over the counter to help numb my skin prior to treatments on my bikini area.  I apply the cream liberally and cover the area with plastic wrap (so it doesn't evaporate or get on clothes) about an hour prior to treatment and it helps.
I put a thick layer of this on 1.5 hrs before each laser tattoo removal treatment covered in saran wrap & it decreases the pain tremendously. Laser treatment is VERY painful so it still hurts but with LMX 5%, it's at least tolerable. Love this stuff & will continue to use until I'm done with treatments.
After applying the product as described in other reviews (one thin layer worked in; a heavier layer that sits on the skin and is covered by cellophane) one hour before the tattoo led to a really good experience in the chair.  Not the fault of the cream but a note of caution - when you don't respond to the natural pain while getting inked the artist doesn't have any feedback and thinks it's OK to go 100% speed wise.  This led to significant bruising of the muscle in addition to the healing process of the skin.  FYI - I've had about 50 hours of chair time and this was the worst bruising episode (admittedly it was a Koi done in Japanese style which was heavy color driven, so that may have had another factor).That said I'll never get another tat without this stuff if I can help it.
Just a tip-- if you are buying this to alleviate the pain of laser hair removal like I did, it will not work. The laser beam goes too deep into your skin and lidocaine only numbs the surface. For very superficial skin numbing, this is sufficient.
You can't expect much from a 5% solution. I used to get 10% in my country (where stuff goes without prescriptions) and it worked twice as well (obviously). The trick with this one is that you should put one layer on, wait about 10 min, put another layer on, wait 10 min, and then after you put the 3rd layer and wait another 10 min, you can start shaving (or whatever you do with it). By that time it'll be numb.
for pain wish it was even stronger.  I know that might no go with the laws people who aren't in 'pain' make.
Good product from a reliable brand but I think it doesn't last too much on your lips. No taste at all.
Worked good just a little more then i can afford.
this nail brush works well but it is not as good as the one I had and can't get any more. The bristles for cleaning the nails are too soft.There is one issue I want to mention in general when buying products from Amazon: seldom the country of origin is shown. I would have not bought several other products if I had known they were made in China. I think it is not honest to hide that. Otherwise I like the products offered here and buy frequently.
I love this brand, I prefer the moisterizing tonic instead of this one, but I just love it and would buy again!
i liked this but will probably not purchase again because I now use a spray bottle of alcohol free witch hazel, which I'm able to find at a lower price than this.It does work well though and smells fresh and clean.  Convenient.
This product does what it says it will do. It cleans really well.I bought it based on reviews that it will help with baby acne. It didn't for mine - good old breastmilk to the rescue again!It does a good job of cleaning - I did end up using it in his diaper area and it definitely got off additional nastiness after I couldn't see anything anymore with a regular wipe.However, as my son's skin isn't sensitive, I'll just stick with breastmilk for his face and a mild soap/water mixture to clean his rear end. That's what I used on my daughter to help keep rashes at bay, and it'll be fine for him, as well, if he needs it.
Great stuff...have been using it since we started solids.  Bought it for wiping my son's face but I almost like it even better as a post-poo cleaner because it takes away all hint of residue!
when your little boy pees during diaper change, its nice to use for a quick clean up and sanitizes everything.
I love the smell of this solution, everyone said she smelled so good when we were using it. We bought it to help with baby acne and a diaper rash. It ended up drying out her face too much to use on a daily basis. It does do a great job of cleaning up the diaper area really good, especially after big messy ones!
I used this product to clean my newborn while she still had her umbilical cord and couldn't take a regular bath.  I read other reviews on different websites about people using this to bathe their newborn so I gave it a try. I just put some on a wash cloth and wiped her down. She has pretty sensitive skin as do most newborns I'd assume and we did not encounter any issues when using this.  And even now when she can take baths (at night), we still have a bottle so we can wipe her face if needed in the mornings.
I as well, have been trying to find the best purpose for this product. Since I have a diaper warmer which demands that I add water to it with every addition of wipes, have decided to add this product instead and it is GREAT! Unfortunately, it is a bit expensive but even with a little combination of water, it still works wonders!
It doesn't smell bad but the smell is so strong I dot use it in the baby's face. I use it for the occasional quick bay clean or on a q tip to clean earwax from the outside of the baby's ear
L'odeur de "J'adore" est enivrant et me rappelle la haute couture classique. Ce parfum est pour celles qui ont une allure moderne voire classique.
I'm not a big perfume girl.  I mean, I love the pretty bottles and tend to store up the really antique (or antique-y looking) ones.  But I generally prefer essential oils over perfume.  That said, out of the dozens that I own, I keep three on hand at all times.  (Four if you count the little mini I got from SpaceNK)Santa Maria Novella for rubbing on my ankles. I know it's a bit mature but it reminds me of Italy.  And monks.Chanel Mademoiselle because my mother always taught me to love Chanel and I just prefer that scent to the others.And Marc Jacobs because, to be honest, if I had to choose the loveliest, this would be it.  It's lovely and light.  Not too over powering.  Affordable.  And gets tons of compliments.Also comes in cute bottle.  :)
&quot;Marc Jacobs&quot; the fragrance is young, fresh, and sensuous. It's pure, understated, simple, and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before. Remember granny's favorite gardenia perfume, a bit cloying, heavy? Uh-uh forget that. This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge, it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note, as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich.This is a fragrance for confident, unconventional young women.
I got a gift certificate to Sephora for $25 and wanted to use it on something I would normally not buy (which is hard to do in Sephora because I want to buy EVERYTHING!!) Anyway....I wanted to try NARS blush, but didn't know which one to pick. I told the salesperson I was trying to streamline my makeup routine, wanted to look natural, but polished. I told her I only want to use mascara, blush, and gloss for my day look and asked her to pick out a natural looking blush. She picked Taos and brushed it on my cheeks....I was running late and had to get back to work, so I got it and left.  This morning I used my regular blush brush and immediately had to wipe the blush off--way too much pigment. After removing some, I got the wonderful, natural, blush look I was going for. The blush pulled my face together and even though I was wearing less make-up, I looked polished and professional. Will definately recommend and repurchase!
I reinvented my makeup looks recently. I disposed products I wasn't happy with and products with pigments I am ready to retire. I wanted to stray away from rose and baked colors, for more daring looks like bright peaches and summer pinks.I bought the NARS orgasm blush because of all the hype. You would think it was liquid gold in a compact.I am nineteen years old. I have rich tan skin that is combination. My forehead, and chin is acne-free. My cheeks tend to break out.I've always been told darker skin tones can't wear bright blushes, which I find untrue.I LIKED HOW NARS ORGASM LOOKS ON ME.It is a bright peachish pink with flecks of gold.Good points and Bad Points....1. The packgaging is sleek and compact. It doesn't come with an applicator. I like it doesn't come with an applicator because I love to apply with a MAC foundation brushes.2. The color is buildable. A big kabuki brush works wonders for subtle color, but you could also get your cheeks almost doll-like.3. It lasts long, it lasts long on your face, it lasts long in the compact, money lasts long in your wallet.Bad Points1. the flecks of gold seemed to irritate me and break out my skin2. I prefer the big tin of Cargo blushes, because it gets less messy
I have medium toned skin and bought lovejoy. It has been wonderful. This is a very lightweight make-up so it feels like you are not wearing anything at all. The blush gives a very, very natural look. It doesn't stay on all day, but it makes me glow and feel beautiful.I would buy it again and recommend it.
I own deep throat and its a beautiful pinkish peach color. The one draw back is the intense sparkles. I was not prepared for them. Not being twelve anymore they make me a little paranoid that I may appear to work at a strip club on my days off. As long as you go easy on the application this sparkle problem will not bother most.
I trust Nars when it comes to blush.  The only reason I gave their blush 4 stars is because it doesn't always stay on my face as long as I would like, but that goes for just about ANY blush on the market.  Until they create a new type of blush that can honestly withstand 8 hours, Nars is still my favorite blush!  I love the texture, and I prefer the shimmery ones.  Like many people, "Orgasm" is my favorite and I use it everyday since I have a fair complexion.  It's the only blush that doesn't make me look like a cartoon.  I also like "Sin" during the summer when I'm a bit more tan.  I think everyone should trust Nars when it comes to blush!
I am very fair so i have to apply this very sparingly to get the orgasm glow. otherwise can look clownish
I purchased this blush in Orgasm...just like everyone else on the planet. It is a really great color, and I use it everyday...it's great with my ultra-pale skin & dark hair. While it is nice, and will last apparantly until the end of time, I don't think it has lived up to all the hype-- the price is a little steep for a starving college student. I'm not so impressed that I would purchase this blush in another color, although I'm not disappointed in the investment.
Like many people, I heard that NARS Orgasm was the Best.Blush.Ever.  So I tried it.  Best blush ever? Not so much.  I've got yellow-toned skin and the Best.Blush.Ever. didn't really show up on me.  However, thanks to Sephora's generous sampling and return policy I was able to find a host of other great NARs blushes.  I love the rubberized compact, and that they don't bother with a brush - I never use the brushes that come with make-up, anyway.  This product lasts a long time.  I don't think I'll ever see the bottom of the pan.  The only thing I don't like about it is the price  $32.  But even that's not so bad when I consider that, at the rate it's diminishing (not at all) this blush will probably last for years.
These powders are really cool. They come in little novelty boxes and have great shine to them. The powder glistens on your skin and tastes delicious! The smell is great You can lick the powder. Ive tried other body powders from other top beauty brands but this is the best, the others cant compare and most of them only have the shine of the powder, no taste and you cant lick them. If your looking for something diffrent and unique get this. I also recomend the red hot (which is harder to find) but it has a cinnamon taste to it and i recomend the marshmellow.
Great price, clear plastic container did break on both sparkle powders I purchased.  A better packing job could've prevented this.
Born in Santo Domingo, Oscar de la Renta left his home country while still a teenager. His destination? Madrid to study painting.Today, there are few who are not familiar with the name Oscar de la Renta. He is a fashion designer known throughout the world not only for his couture collections but also for his philanthropic endeavors.Since beginning his own company in 1965 de la Renta has impacted the design of accessories, jewelry, handbags, scarves, shoes, furniture, and fragrances.Oscar, his initial perfume offering was introduced in 1977, and now is a popular seller throughout the world. In addition, it is the winner of the 1991 Fragrance Foundation Success Award.More importantly to us, the scent is unforgettable. Floral with a hint of Oriental it is a lovely blend of jasmine, basil, lavender, and sandalwood.It's romantic,and memorable. Enjoy.
didn't like the lid. seems cheaply made.but the smell itself is nice. my boyfriend is going crazy about it. so i use it to make him happy.)what i like about it is that though it is eau de toillete it is comparatively lasting. better than many of the expensive french and italian perfumes that i own.
I really don't like the scent of Angels on Bare Skin.  It isn't foul, just not what I prefer (I tend to go for fruity scents).  The texture is a bit odd, also.  BUT this product works.  My skin feels so soft immediately.  Yet it also feels like its been thoroughly cleaned.  My skin feels tighter.  Usually I use a cleanser and a moisturizer in order to get a soft yet clean feeling.  I love to use it at night before bed.
This is a great exfoliating scrub for my sensitive and breakout prone skin.  Doesn't irritate, but definitely works.  Not cleansing enough for me to use on its own (probably would be fine on its own for drier skin) so I follow with Fresh Farmacy.  Loses one star because I find the lavender flowers annoying (they do smell good though).
Good stuff, good stuff. There's little chunks of almond in there to gently get rid of your dead skin, lavender buds to help it smell nice--which it does--and since you add the water to it yourself instead of it getting diluted at the factory, you get more for your money. Hurrah.My skin's a combination mess of oily and too damn dry, and I am so prone to big dark pores on my nose. Angels copes with it all and makes all of my face happy at the same time. Don't know how, don't care.A note on usage: mush up a fingernail-sized lump in your palm with some water. If your skin is more oily, scrub it gently onto your dry face and wipe off with a cloth. If you're more dry, just scrub it on in the shower. The oils stay on and make you smooth. Enjoy!
This is a paste of almonds, lavender flower and it is meant to be a sort of scrub-cleanser. It leaves a bit of a residue and the flowers are kind of a nuisance, but it does leave your skin soft. Almonds are great for the skin, and you only need a tiny, pea-sized amount to cleanse your face. Many people like this product, but I think I would not use it on broken-out skin.
Although this is a weird-looking product, Angels is a pretty nice exfoliant. I use it in the shower myself. Make sure to get a finger-sized scoop so that you can really get every part of it.I personally take a finger scoop, wet my face in the shower, rub the scoop between my hands and then cover my face. I only let it set for a minute. As someone else mentioned, it is important to rinse well with this product.
Extremely gently on skin and yes, it does exfoliate.It is so darn messy that I only use it in the shower. The smash it in my hand method doesn't work for me and I use a little dish to blend just a few drops of water into the glob. If it's too watery it runs all over. You will find your best way.  I recommend it, but is is a weird one.
has a really nice, silky feel on the skin. i like the scent, but it may not be for everyone. i'll buy it again
When I first purchased Silky Underwear after reading rave reviews, I wasn't particularly impressed with the scent, but after a couple of days of using it, it totally grew on me! I now look forward to a light dusting of this powder before I dress in the morning. It's not as drying as drug store products such as Shower to Shower, and I do think it's equally absorbent. The major negative is the very poor packaging. There is a lid on top that turns to fully opened or sprinkles (kind of like a McCormick spice container). Either way, I find it unusable. I purchased a $2 powder puff in a little container at Target, and I sprinkle my Silky Underwear into this little container and the use it from there.
This powder has a lovely scent- soft jasmine with a hint of vanilla.  There are little bits of cocoa butter in the powder, which help moisturize your skin.  The texture is not as soft as other Lush dusting powders, it has a slightly gritty feel to it, which is why I left off one star.  It does eventually sink in and leave your skin soft and nicely scented, I like to put it on at night before I hop into bed, and I smell yummy even the next day!
i love the smell what do you do to use it in your laundry i dont get it?also i want to use it after shower is it instead of moisturiser do you get dry first or put it on wet skin like baby oil.i know i sound stupid sorry x
I really don't like powder all that much -- it makes me think of my grandmother.  But this powder?  This powder is sexy.  Use of this powder is not incompatible with the wearing of four-inch stiletto heels.It's extremely nice after a shower or bath.  And unlike many lotions, which can be pretty overwhelming scent-wise if you put them on your entire body, it leaves only a nice smooth feeling and a very subtle scent to remind you of its presence.The reason I gave it four and not five stars is that I was very disappointed that it didn't come with a powder-puff.  It's not terribly difficult to apply with your hands, but a puff would make things much easier.
I really like the fragrance (which is like sweet cocoa butter) but I didn't really find anything so spectacular about this powder. It's just like any other. I didn't notice any glitter or anything to differentiate it from other powders.And it is over priced. The canister is about 2 1/2 inches tall and 3 inches wide. The shipping cost almost as much as the product.I gave it 4 stars based on fragrance alone, but I won't be plunking down more cash on anymore of this powder when I can find other fragrances I like in stores.
I work in a live theater in Panama. Acting on stage plus running around backstage attending to everyone else in between. Between lights, running around and the tropical heat, the two hours on stage becomes almost unbearable with sweat and general icky-ness. Regular deoderant does not work in this situation. I needed something to keep the skin from rubbing together, chafing and sweating horribly during a marathon musical production. I tried this stuff and it works for this purpose very well, though I don;t think that is what it is meant for!It is fine powder and keeps the skin as dry as is reasonable to expect from a powder. It makes the time on stage easier to bear. No sore redness on the skin, no excessive sweating. I put the container in the ladies dressing room and everyone used it and raved about it.My only complaint is the packaging. It is difficult to put on without a puff. I ended up using a blush brush or just my hands, in which case the stuff flew everywhere and I wasted as much as I used.I suggest to Lush that they change the packaging to have a powder puff and perhaps instead of the sprinkle can, something that wastes less of the powder. It is too expensive to have so much wasted.
thnk you for you the order is very good as what I whant and it nice to use thank agen to you
I love this item! It smells great and is very silky in texture. Would buy again and will! The only issue I have with it is that the holes on the can are too big for such super-fine powder. I would recommend that they be made smaller so not so much comes out at once. I have it turned to just a couple of holes but it still could be made better.
I love this product in the summer it works like a charm. It can be messy as there is no power puff with it and the container does not close the best but overall a great product
This is soooo sexy. Its not my favorite to use on myself, but I used it on my boyfriend and he smelled soooooo good. I was surprised how well it would suit a man...maybe even better than women, and it was made with women in mind. Its actually a good idea for a guy...Its a huge massage bar. And though its more expensive than the other bars, its well worth it for the quality and amount of product you get. My boyfriend has never smelled so sexy....and he ALWAYS smells amazing.
This bath melt was nice.  It smelled great but it is pretty sweet.  It didn't do anything spectacular to the water, just kind of made it look soapy.  The melt took it's time melting and the smell lasted throughout the bath.  I took the melt after it sat in the water for a while and rubbed it directly on my skin which made my skin smell nice.  It also moisturizes well and makes the water feel smooth and silky, but the smell didn't linger on my skin once I was out of the water.
It smells great & long lasting.I have a hard time believing it has that pheromones in it. I say "Marketing Tool!!" I boughtit because of the good smell. It's long lasting too.
I really like this product, it seems to have helped my complexion even out as well as calm down my acne.
The bottle is an appealing yellow color with a scent I wish I could get in my shampoos. My son describes it as lemon with apple. I find it invigorating with hints of cirtus billowing out.Although this is called a 2 in 1 shampoo, which I tend to avoid, I hoped for children this type was somewhat better, plus the fact that I hardly ever use a conditioner for my son's hair. What I do not understand is what exactly the 2 in 1 refers to since they suggest using their conditioner, detangling spray and gel after this.We have been using the Suave Apple Detangling Spray for a number of years, so it made sense to try out the kids shampoo. The bottle is twelve fluid ounces with a flip-top spout in a greenish shade. The colors coordinate with the photo of the dragon on front.Suave for Kids Dragon Fruit 2 in 1 Shampoo is even geared for kids with curly and thick hair. Luckily my nine-year old does not fall into that category. I stick to the No Rinse Shampoo for my non-verbal son who cannot tolerate hair washing, combing or cutting.The concept is that the kids will enjoy having their hair washed due to the fruity flavor that makes the process of grooming fun. This is certainly true with my son since the scent is really appealing. He cannot handle having his hair washed in the tub and is not interested in showers just yet. Therefore we wash with the hose in the kitchen sink.The Suave for Kids Dragon Fruit 2 in 1 Shampoo comes out of the spout in a light strawberry shade, thin liquid and not too fast. The lather happens quickly with small bubbles appearing for my other son to stand and enjoy watching.The shampoo is easy to rinse out and then a quick towel dry before coming through. Sometimes I will need the detangling spray, but not often. You should not use a brush on wet hair and a wooden comb is best if you have one.The bottle does last several months, which depends on how many heads of hair you are washing. The extra conditioning added is to help manage the tangles, but since they do recommend the conditioner and detangling spray after using this shampoo they must not be satisfied with the results just yet in this new product.
Best to use a small amount in the palm of your hand and rub gently into palm onto face. The beads are larger than others I have used. I am happy with the smell and organic ingredients and it leaves the face smooth. If you are prone to dryness only use 2 or 3 times at most per week. You get alot of scrub for your money.
Instead of scouring through ingredient lists to find tea tree oil in health and beauty products, and then searching (usually without results) for the amount of tea tree oil, I suggest just buying the stuff and adding it to whatever--shampoo, cream rinse, lotions.Known mainly for its antiseptic qualities, the tea tree is most famously grown in Australia.  The 100% pure oil here (you just have to trust them) is, not surprisingly, slightly oily, with a sort of oily, eucalyptus-like scent.  I suggest using it sparingly, or else rinsing thoroughly if you've added it to shampoo.  Because you don't need a lot, the one ounce lasts several months or more, and the per annum price is a lot more palatable.
This product is awesome!  It's great for travel, particularly with the new airline regulations about liquids.  It also does a great job on my hair.  It leaves it clean, shiny and fluffy without being frizzy.
Good lather and loved it on my natural hair. I used coconut oil as a leave in and my hair was quite responsive. The only complaint... a surprisingly small bar but I have used it 3 times and it still holds up. I think I will get more shampoos from this little bar than I will from a bottle of my usual shampoo.
I think the shampoo is great for travel because it is not a liquid.  However, I feel I still need a conditioner after shampooing.  So far, I don't know if there is a conditioning bar of any sort for travel.  I have my max of liquids to carry on planes and not bringing liquid shampoo and conditioner would be great these days of TSA restrictions.
I will be traveling overseas this summer so in order to avoid trouble with the TSA, I am trying to minimize the items toiletry items. I decided to try JR Liggets bar shampoo so I would not have to carry a bottle. I love it. I cleans my hair nicely and leaves it feeling fresh. I also use it as a body and facial soap and it works well for that too. One review I read indicated that it could be used as a shaving soap, so I tried that--no go! It makes a terrible shaving soap and left my face sore and torn up.JR Liggets bar shampoo:Pros: Great shampoo that also works as a body and facial soap. Easy to travel with.Cons: Small size means that you get a little over 6 weeks use from one bar, when used as both shampoo and soap.
3.5 ounces goes a long way. I bought the shampoo about three weeks ago and, while both my girlfriend and I use it, only about half an ounce of it is gone. J.R Liggett's shampoo leaves the hair feeling heathy and smooth and it's all natural so I don't have to worry about putting weird chemicals onto my body. I've received many compliments about how nice my hair looks since I started using it.
I really like but also like the regular shampoo they make.  I will definitely continue to use it in the future.
I actually bought it as a shampoo for travel.  I like it so much I use it now as a body soap in the shower too. I am trying to steer clear of sodium lauryl sulfate which irritates my scalp and skin.  This stuff clean well and doesn't have strong perfume smell like most other mainstream body washes and soaps. The only caveat is don't leave it in the shower. The bar will disintegrate fast if left exposed to water!  I have shelf outside the shower with soap dish where I put the bar after use to let it dry out.
This was my first time using a shampoo bar, and I was concerned that it would have a similar effect on my hair as bar soap, which is to say harsh, stripping every bit of moisture from my hair. Well, it did, but I don't see it as such a bad thing anymore. I'll try to sum it up with pros and cons.Pros:-Produces a lot of lather. I can basically run the bar across my head twice then put it down, and it produces a ton of suds. You don't have to rub the thing all over the place, you just need to get a bit of it onto your hair and then it's sud-city, so I presume it will last a while.- It's very potent in its cleaning. My hair is super squeaky after using it.-It has a pleasant, subtle scent.Cons:-This thing strips everything off my hair. It's rather unforgiving when it comes to leaving any sort of moisture behind.-Because of the above, I pretty much have to use conditioner afterwards. That's no big deal, but because of it I don't use it every day.
so glad I discovered this at health food store yesterday.  normally I get the gallon of Miracle II liquid soap and have not found a similar alternative for years, until this J.R. Liggett's tea tree and hemp oil soap bar.  Im using it for face and shampoo/conditioner.  So happy, light weight and affordable. Hopefully all will work out.....
I do like bar shampoos much more than traditional shampoos.  however, my wife has bad dandruff or rosacea and this stuff did not help nor did the one that was supposed too.
As far as &#34;natural&#34; soaps go, this one is the best I've used. It lathers, no residue, no drying effect. I must say though you might want to use a vinegar rinse or regular shampoo occasionally. I have slightly oily hair and I live in an area with hard water and while it cleanses my scalp, it doesn't do seem to cleanse my ends very well.Pros-lathers-no drying-no residue-no weird smellCons- not Great at cleansing hair ends ( if you have hard water)- drys out quickly if you don't wrap it in a zip lock bag between washes
I like this bar shampoo thats is a fact. I took off one star because its price for its size I feel it little high.  The shampoo bar gets small quickly around our house sees lots of use .The product works well leaves my hair clean the family likes this product. I will purchase this product again.
Jr. Liggets is pretty much the only shampoo I can use that doesn't allow my hair to get greaseballed by the end of the day. It definitely gives a very "clean" feeling, but it does feel like it dries out my hair, even the damaged formula. I would like them to create a conditioner for those of us that don't feel the bar conditions well enough on it's own.
I have used this lotion for several years and find it absorbs nicely and at the same time the body retains being moisturized. with a little experimentation I figured out a method to transfer contents from the big gallon jug to smaller containers without losing a lot of the product. Losing product in transferring is the only down side I have experienced.
The gallon was much cheaper than having to buy the 32 oz every month. So I figure this should last 4-6 months if we are lucky. Keeps skin moisturized in the summer and winter. Does not feel oily or leave residue.
I'm a tough critic, and I really like this product. I have very fair, sensitive, combination skin.  This product does not cause me to break out or to itch from my skin being too dry.  I have hard water, and this product works well to balance that. It smells nice, too.
One of the best products they have come out with, it is so refreshing to the skin. Definitely will keep buying it.
Body wash arrived quickly after ordered. Love the smell but like the H20 shampoo the bottle is square, smooth and somewhat hard to handle when wet. Will have to transfer to another bottle so do not drop and break.
This is a great product.  I have really dry skin and it definatly does the job.  The only slight drawback is after I go running, my sweat combined with this product leaves these salt streaks on my face.  Apparently this stuff is pretty salty.  But other than that, it seems like a good product.
I got this after looking for a good, natural, affordably priced moisturizer and reading reviews on Amazon. It does work well, has a nice smell, but I was disappointed to see parabens and other synthetic ingredients on the packaging. Did not see the full list here, so if others are looking for all natural products, just be aware. Otherwise, I've been using it in 90+ degree summer humidity and it moisturizes without feeling too heavy, yet it seems to last most of the day.
I found this moisturizer to be good but not great.  As one or two other reviewers on here noted, it leaves a sticky residue on your face. Although it does go away when it dries, I think that other products, comparably priced, are better.However, this moisturizer does have its perks:  it is light, non-greasy, it moisturizes well, and it does lend a dewy appearance that can make you look younger. I also feel that it stay on all day.All in all, a good product, but I am not sure I will buy it again...not until I have tried more products on the market.
it is great for dry skin but I feel a little bit sticky when I put it on my face as lotion for daily use. will recommend as facial mask though.
I have dry skin, this moisturizer worked so well when I used it in my 20s, I felt my skin being hydrated instantly after putting it on my face. However, after i reached 30s, it's no longer good enough for my skin. If you have very oily skin (or outer oily, inner dry), it would be a very good moisturizer for you.
This product saved my face from winter's flaky skin. I don't believe it diminishes fine lines, but nothing really does. I do agree it can be a bit sticky if you put too much on. You need to wait about 10-15 minutes after applying to put on your foundation or it won't go on well. After trying many other products, I would recommend this one!
This product works sox well. It refreshes your skin, has a great smell too it, and I feel very refreshed after using it. My skin feels soft, looks refreshed, and clean. I got this moisturizer as a sample, and loved it. Used every last drop and ordered more as soon as I ran out. My face sure feels a different, not using it! I would recomend this product to anyone. This is my first time writting a review on a product, because it's the first time I have wanted to get the word out, about an amazing product. Thanks H2O for this! Don't ever change it, maybe just make a larger size then 1.7 Ounces.
I bought this product because i read the reviews from other members and it was overwhelmingly good. so what i have found was that it is a bit sticky as i did read from other people. but it does feel cool and clean when you do use it. it seems o.k. i don't know if it's the best product on the market as others have claimed but i would buy it again. it's deff. better than your average 10 dollar moisturizer from the drug store. but i wouldn't put it at 30 bucks.. but all in all a good product. but it came with a mini size free tube of eye cream so that was nice...
This is a very light and lovely scent, it has a low to medium bubble consistency when you scrub with it.The only thing I'd change about it is that it is not one that rinses "squeeky clean", in other words, it has a bit of residue you can feel on your skin.  It doesn't make you feel sticky and you can't tell it by your skin after you dry off.  I really LOVE the scent - not at all strong or overbearing, just quite pleasant.  I don't have any babies, I just love a fragrant shower experience and this does that.  I will also put a few of those bottles in stockings for Christmas.
Feels really clean after cleansing. Able to produce foam. Only complaint is that skin feels slightly dry after cleansing. Overall might buy it again.
I've ordered it twice already. So far very pleased. My skin is mostly oily but with harsh water these days it feels dry a second I wash it, with this face was so far it's been ok.
This bar really does feel great on tired feet, and regular use will soften even the toughest soles. But don't expect much from the pumice as far as scrubbing goes. I've had great results using this bar but I was initially very disappointed in it's lack of toughness against my leathery feet, so at the end of my shower, after my feet have had a chance to soak a bit, I still use a pumice stone on the really tough skin then I apply the butter bar. You may be tempted to keep scrubbing with the bar but it will disappear in a hurry if you do. Rub the bar over your soles enough to coat them and then continue to rub it in with just your hands. The pumice does help keep your feet from getting too slimy but do make sure to rinse well. As with all butter bars, keep it out of the shower when not in use in order to extend it's life.
i didn't realize i was buying a mini,i will buy a larger size one day,this is a very clean smell,my only complaint is the lasting of the smell.. it will last for a few hours before you have to reapply.but overall pretty good.
***Update (11/25/12)***After two months of everyday usage as a (wet) shower brush, it is still going strong. The bristles have 'broken-in', they are more softer now and not as coarse like when it was new. The good thing is that they are still intact and the wood has stopped expanding.(original review)I am fairly happy with this brush. I mainly use this as a shower brush with soap and water. I will occasionally use it for dry-scrubbing before hopping in the water but I find the bristles to be a tad stiff...but works well in the shower though! For the price, you won't find anything like this; it is made in the USA and the quality seemed to be better than most brushes that I've gone through in the last 12 months! I replaced this over the uber-expensive Chinese-made British brandElemis Body Brushwhich literally lasted less than 10 hours from the previous day I received it. Thank God I got a full refund for it because the bristles were as hard and stiff like those metal brushes that they use for cleaning wheels with at the car wash.Most of these brushes are designed for dry-brushing....huh??? Let me get right to the point on how I am going to use my brush -- I want a brush for scrubby clean in the shower, NOT dry scrubbing! No time for such thing or hype. The nice young lady that sold me the previous brush told me that these things requires regular maintenance for it to hold up, in other words I must apply 'tree tea oil' to prolonged its finish, then keep it away from moisture to prevent cracks (like how it did in less than 8 hours time with the Elemis brush). Nope, not going to do that and I don't have time to 'maintain' a brush every time I go in the shower. So far the Tampico brush held up well, it did however developed some small hairline cracks but nothing catastrophic to the point where the head would dislodged from its handle and dropping to the tub like the last one. I applied wood glue to the cracks and to the joining parts between the handle and the head. So far it's been great and I use it with liquid soap and water every day. If this breaks soon (which I doubt it will) I'll buy another!Made in the U.S.A. and highly recommended it!
This brush is everything I expected it to be.  It works very nicely and has made my skin look a bit healthier since I started using it a few weeks ago.  My only complaint is that it's a bit harsher on my skin than I expected.  I guess it just takes some getting used to!
I like the natural bristles for skin brushing, not too harsh, but just the right amount of resistance to get the dead skin off and leave a healthy glow to the skin.  Good quality, comfortable handle.
The brush feels really nice, like giving yourself a good scratch. The removeable handle was pretty useless as I couldn't get it to stay on. It went into the trash.
This brush was purchased for myself and the others as gifts.  I loved the firmness and sturdiness of this brush.  I purchased this item because of its natural fibers to use as a daily exfoliant.I was not aware that the handle does come off like most brushes, but not a negative factor.
I like that the brush removes from the handle but the handle is very thin which makes it difficult to hold when you are doing skin brushing. My hand cramps from having to hold it so tightly. I have another brush and the handle is thicker and easier to hold.
I really like this skin brush.  I had a little difficulty getting the handle to stay on, but once on I like it a lot.  Also, shipping took a little longer than usual, but not enough to complain about.
I have made dry skin brushing a part of my daily grooming/bathing routine. This brush feels wonderful! The only drawback is that sometimes the handle wiggles off unexpectedly, but it goes right back on. And the fact the you can use the brush separate from the handle is actually good.
I would have given it a 5 stars but it came in in a open broken package, and the handle was broken so that when I put the brush in it does not stay :( but the brush itself is great and im a very delicate woman ;)
Dry brushing the skin is an ancient Ayurvedic practice I first read about years ago and only started doing recently.Our skin is our largest organ, and communicates with the rest of the body through the nerves, and dry brushing seems to stimulate and awaken the nervous system, improve blood flow, and for me is a great way to start the day.I've used little drug store loofahs in the past for my dry brushing, but never one like this. I really like the stiffness of the bristles (stiff but not painfully so, they do have some give to them). Someone mentioned a weird odor but mine just smells wholesome and grassy, like hay.If you're feeling blah and need a jump start, dry brushing is a great process that's both soothing and stimulating, and I swear it makes me feel better mood wise, but that could be psychological. A nice product except for the struggle to get the handle in the slot!
What a great product!  The bristles are all natural and sturdy.  They brush itself feels great in your hand and is easy to use in the shower.  It allows you to get all those hard to reach places.The bristles are firm, but they are meant to be that way so that blood flow will increase through your skin.
Does a great job of exfoliating and no need to apply a lot of pressure. Promotes healthy blood flow while dry brushing skin. Skin immediately feels softer afterwards. Bristles are a little rough so I tend to stick to my limbs and not use on my stomach/chest/back where skin is more sensitive (I have a softer brush I use in the shower for those areas). Handle is nice and long, head can be removed as well. I wish I had purchased this sooner and not put it off for so long! Skin feels much healthier.
Bought this and Swissco.  Lots like this one and Swissco makes quality combs so worth a try.  Both have advantages and by comparison disadvantages.Yerba is well made with long handle that slide/wedges in brush head for use as hand brush or long handled back brush.  I like it as a hand brush and prefer the Swissco for long handle, not removable, back brush.With long handle attached Yerba brush is awkward compared to Swissco.  Yerba handle is thin and head is heavier and thicker making off center weight harder to handle than Swissco.  Swissco brush head is thinner and lighter and softer.  Quite a bit easier to push/pull across back with less twisting torque due to lighter thinner head.  However Swissco long handle has smooth ROUND edges.  Swissco wants to slip/pivot in hand due to those round edges.  Bike handlebar tape?  Or rubber on grip?  I like using the Yerba head alone in hand for arms, chest, legs, but it is rougher than Swissco so press lightly and wait til skin toughens or bristles soften with use?If I had to choose one it would be Swissco even for $6 difference. Wood resists water less than plastic over time.  Might try Earth Therapeutics SHORT BODY BRUSH for front and Swissco for back.  Yerba is better as hand brush without handle.  That twisting heavier heads is awkward on back.  My hands are extra large and I am fairly strong disc golf player.With any brush after use when wet ALWAYS lay down horizontal with bristles pointing down not against a surface just open air.  Sometimes that is no easy to do.  Find a way.  Very important to let the water and minor soap drain down and away from bristle attachment into head.  Hanging vertical is not nearly as good even if easier to do.  Or hang it anyway you want and buy brushes more often.  My old brush alway hung correct lasting twenty plus years clean and strong.  It is an old Fuller brand with nylon bristles too far apart for soap lathering IMHO.COUPLE MONTHS LATER:  Like I said above the large heavy head makes the small narrow handle twist in your hand when using anywhere and particularly the back.My suggestion:  Buy handlebar tape for a bicycle and wrap brush handle from just behind head up to hanging hole.  This increases the diameter and grip a lot.  Holding the brush is now much easier and you can brush and scrub firmly with only a little torqueing in your hand.Pick a grippy kind of handlebar tape.  Most are but some a smooth plastic.  I have wrapped many handlebars so doing this is easy.  Start at either end of wood handle and wrap over beginning to prevent ever coming loose.  It is the final end that takes some special treatment here.  On the bike you end wrap at end of handlebar and push plug in to keep secure.Handlebar tape comes in two pieces, one for each side.  On brush just use one of the two pieces.  Wrap with lots of overlap to make handle fatter for better grip.  If it does not come out the way you want unwrap and do again the tape if forgiving that way.  I used quality electricians tape to finish the final end.  Good quality tape costs $8 to $12?  And  you only use half.  If you have two brushes you can do both.
The skin brushes are great! for the price I got 2! Im kind of weird, I wanted one for my feet, and the other for the rest... and it STILL came out cheaper than buying one of any other decent brand ive come across, and for me at least, these where the perfect brush, rough enough to get the job done, but soft enough to not feel like I was rubbing sand paper on my skin... I only give it 4 stars however because its REALLY easy for the brush just fall off the handle (its a two piece brush) being a two piece is very convenient in some ways, but it falling off was annoying, so I used wood glue on one of them to make sure it always stays together,lol...
Don't let the picture mislead you.  You only get 1 brush not 2 as the picture tends to make you believe.  Nice brush for dry brushing.  Would not recommend for the shower.
I wish the product would have come with directions on the correct way to use it, but other than that it is a good product.
Use this brush to help circulate blood through the body.  This helps one to heighten your awareness and it does.
I wanted to buy a dry skin brush and searched over eBay and amazon to find a decent one with cheap price. This is what I got at the end of research. The quality is good although I didn't use to its roughness at the beginning, I still got over it. But, I didn't see any good result as several skin brush news said. No good, no bad.
I think this is a good dry skin brush, but I can barely use it on some parts of my body because it is too coarse. However, it is so good for the feet, knees, and elbows. Currently I use this lightly and mainly use a horsehair brush that is actually intended for polishing shoes. I like the horsehair one better because I can also use it on my face.
a ;little stiff would have like it a little softer but does do the dry rub well if you go lightly
I think it's important to have soft and healthy skin and this product does the trick. As you graze it over your body before you shower you'll notice what feels like a thousand tiny needles poking your skin. Don't worry this is the brush working...it's softy scrapping your skin off. After you spend a good 5-10 minutes scrapping the first layer of skin off you'll notice that the brush may have been over zealous and taken another few layers with the first one. That's it's way of saying your skin beneath was disgusting too. After brushing g hop into the shower and feel the hot prickles of the water burn your body as it leaves you crying in the corner of your shower. This is a product that is a must have.
I am very happy with this product.  This brush is an important process is helping me purify my skin. This product works wonders not only does it leave my skin soft and smooth it helps remove dead skin cells almost like magic! I use it daily and have noticed great results within the first week. Scars have faded somewhat that I've had for years.
First off I want to comment on some of the reviewers saying that the bristles are too hard & painful-  Any time you start exfoliating the skin, you MUST start out gentle.  If it's causing you pain you're pressing too hard!  When you first start any skin exfoliating regimen even very light pressing may be too hard for you.  As you continue use, your skin soon becomes more tolerant and more & more you'll find yourself pressing harder because it feels really good to have your skin massaged & exfoliated. but never rush to get to that point.  There's no point in experiencing pain.Second- this is a dry skin brush.  Meaning it's meant to be used on dry skin.  I guess you could use it in the shower with soap too, but that's not what it's meant for.  Soapy water may make it more scratchy because it causes a faster glide across the skin.The only thing I don't like is how the handle is too short to reach my mid back, but for every other area the handle is a perfect size so it's probably better this way I don't know.  The handle is sturdy and will last forever.
Like it, feels good, but not sure if body brushing is really all it is hyped up to be.  Guess I'll keep trying!
I don't know much about dry brushing, but saw a friend recommend it and thought I'd give it a try. It definitely knocks off dead skin. When I brush sometimes I see white powder-ish substances flying off the body. I don't know that my skin is any softer or smoother, but I think it's doing what it's supposed to be doing. No issues with the handle coming off at all.
I have been a fan of these brushes for over 15 years. The best part is how well the bristles hold up and stay firm, even when wet. The one drawback with wood however, is how it swells when wet. When it dries again it shrinks which sometimes causes accidents from the head falling off. Best bet. Always keep it dry.
I haven't had a chance to use this very often, but from the time I have spent using this brush I like it so far.  Like some other reviews say, the bristles are a little stiff, but I don't think it's painful at all.  It's more of a scratchy-tickle feeling and it makes my skin feel great and energized.  Seems like a pretty good exfoliater, but it doesn't smooth away the little bumps on my upper arm as well as a sugar scrub does, but that could just be because I haven't used to very much yet.All in all I recommend this product.
I love the brush, just received it in the mail & i was using it for about 20 mins straight lol. At some parts of my body however the brush can be a little rough while other parts of the body the brush will feel orgasmic.  I just got the brush today so maybe I'm a little sensitive and it has to be broken in, but so far so good.  I like it though. Should've owned this years ago.  BUY
I read an article about dry skin brushing in the newspaper and I decided I wanted to try it out.  I ordered this brush and I was pleased when I got it.  The handle detaches from the brush head, so if you want to hold the brush in your hand you can do so.  The bristles are stiff, but not too harsh (although, I guess this is a personal opinion).  I've been using it for a couple (few?) weeks now, and it is great shape.  No loose bristles or anything.  It feels sturdy and looks lovely hanging on the bathroom wall.  I use it to brush my skin before I shower, and it does seem to have made my skin smoother/softer.  It is a pretty nice feeling too, very invigorating.  It feels especially good on the back.
It works well for starting to dry skin brush - all natural fibers and the right size head and handle.
I love this brush.  At first it hurts a little, then you get used to that refreshing tingly feeling.  I read it takes 30 days to begin to see results.  Not quite to the 30 days yet.
I have used skin brushes for many years for the benefit of skin clearness and cirulation.  I am pleased with this brush, but it might be a bit harsh (the Tampico type) for someone who has NEVER skin brushed before.  I have been happy with brushes bought at the local drug store with the softer brushes and I feel recieved the same benefit.  I will continue to use this brush, but buyers if you have never used a skin brush, use this one a little lighter to the touch on your skin when you use it.
Love the concept; very invigorating.  Brush is right firmness without being too stiff.  Like the attachable handle for back &#34;brushing&#34; without strain.  Planning to get two more for gifts.
I have noticed smoother, healthier skin since using the dry brush, and the bristles aren't painful or uncomfortable on my skin. The only thing I don't particularly like is that the brush handle isn't the most ergonomic. It sits funny in my hand when I'm using it to brush my back and can be a little uncomfortable. It's not worth complaining about though.
I did not experience what other users are suggesting - that the handle comes out of the brush. Worked well for me. I give it four stars because you *can* get this item cheaper at a local chain store.
This brush feels good to use - not too harsh, but certainly firm enough. Handle / head feels solid, and it was well priced. Worth buying!
I've never used a skin brush before this. I was interested in trying it out for the help with lymphatic drainage and other health benefits. I always use it right before a shower when I'm completely naked. The first time I used it, it gave me strong chills and goosebumps all over my body; in subsequent uses, this feeling diminished and I wondered it you have to use stronger strokes the longer you use it. At any rate, it seems to be very stimulating to the skin and always leaves a healthy-looking red flush and my skin seems to feel smoother once I get out of the shower.The only bad thing I can say about it is that the handle isn't always 100% ergonomically comfortable. The long handle is good for reaching the extremities, but it's hard to adjust your leverage as you draw the long strokes closer to your core, closer to lymph nodes. Even though it can be somewhat of an awkward process, I still enjoy using it and it seems to be effective.
I just bought this product at Whole Foods last week. I'm loving it already. The woman working in the health and beauty department there told me it was the best brush she's ever had. Her skin was like butter and she was probably in her mid thirties to early forties. I couldn't believe how smooth it was, so of course I bought it. I have no regrets. I was actually looking for a shower brush. You can use this in the shower if you want to, but it's really meant to be used as a dry brush. Wetting the wood will cause it to warp over time. Dry brushing is done right before you shower in long gentle strokes. It exfoliates the skin and stimulates the lymphatic system. I'm not sure about the second claim yet, but it certainly does a great job at leaving the skin smooth and vibrant. I think the benefits of using this brush for dry skin brushing as it was intended far outweigh any benefit acheived by using it in the shower with soap or body wash. Check out their reading room on the Yerba Prima website (just google yerba prima). I think I'll be using this for years to come.
I had never heard of dry brushing until recently.  I then read up on all the benefits that dry skin brushing can do for you and decided to get one.  I am very happy with this brush with the exception that I wish that the handle was attached. (comes as a separate piece that you slide into the base). I find myself trying to hold the brush in such a way that the handle will not loosen and fall off mid-stroke.  Other than that I think that the bristles are the perfect firm-ness and can immediately see and feel the difference.  I primarily wanted the brush for my legs as that is the driest part of my body and I typically forget to moisturize (not any longer).  I am surprised that this beauty ritual has not become a bigger sensation.  Dr Oz could turn a dry brush into the next 'neti pot'!  :)
Exactly what I wanted. There is, however, a flaw. The brush is wedged on the handle so tight that I can't get it off. What is great about this product? It is sturdy, doesn't shed, has the perfect stiffness of bristles. One thing that made me especially happy was that it is made in the USA.
It is a great brush. The bristles are very coarse so it will take awhile to get use of it against your skin. It is great quality. The handle does have a tendency to come off easy.
i'm new to this whole brushing trend. The brush is nice and firm, handle easy to remove. I've been doing the dry brushing before showers, haven't really noticed any difference yet, but I keep forgetting to do it ha ha.
The product is a good design and hold ups well. The only thing I would say it is not for the faint of skin. It really does scrub your dead skin off. I see improvement. Just takes a bit to get used to.
Serves it's purpose, definitely worth the money. The handle is convenient and the option of handle or no handle makes it easier to use.
Seems to be a quality brush. My daughter said she has been "Body Brushing" for a while and has noticed her cellulite disappearing! We'll see...
Well made brush.  It is as described.I purchased this as a shower brush to be used for washing & scrubbing my back.  It is VERY STIFF and required some getting used to.  However, as I recall, the add refers to it as a stiff brush to be used dry and that is exactly what it is.Yes, the head does sometimes come loose from the handle but I do not see that as a problem or design flaw.  Just tap it back firmly and it will stay.
This brush is very effective, though my skin was very sensitive to this brush.  I softened it by soaking the bristles in hot water.  Skin brushing is so good for your skin's health and appearance, and I use this frequently.  If you are sensitive, try starting with a skin puff made from nylon netting, dry.  Then you should be better able to use this marvelous brush.
Feels stiff at first but it wont take long before it feels real good on the back. I enjoy it.
I had seen a blog about dry brushing and this was the brush they used.  I was not disappointed! I'm obsessed with dry brushing my skin before showering.
The Yerba Prima Tampico Skin Brush is a nice, if used lightly, which is the proper way to use it!
its rough but i like it on my skin
This brush is so helpful in the mornings. It wakes me up in the process of "waking" my skin up. It's pretty refreshing, which is how one should feel after exfoliation. I say bueno job as an exfoliation tool and as a coffee alternative!
I only gave this a 4 star rating since the handle falls out of the brush sometimes which is a pain. Otherwise I like it. It is good for my purpose which I use exclusively for exfoliation and lymphatic massages. Reasonably priced also.
This brush has just the right amount of &#34;scratchiness&#34; to defoliate my back and legs.  It is just right for its purpose.
I used this product for one summer and was very pleased.  I applied the product around my eyes to prevent crow's feet.  The serum is soft, and not greasy, and is absorbed readily by the skin.  I have read a lot on the anti-aging, anti-cancer, anti-everything benefits of CoQ10 as an oral supplement, but haven't read anything on the topical benefits.  However, I imagine it can only help.  As we age, the body begins to become depleted in CoQ10 so supplementation is key to healthy cells.  I imagine skin cells are the same, and boosting them topically with CoQ10 will lead to a more youthful appearance.  I am (only?) 34, yet have gotten many comments that I look the same as high school.  I cannot attest to the long term benefits of the serum, since I now only use the wrinkle defense cream.  I felt it was a better buy for the money, and since I apply it every day around my eyes anyways, I did not continue use of the serum.  If I had more money, I would use both products, but if budget is an issue I would recommend just going with the cream since the serum is more expensive per ounce.
The aphrodesiac oil in this kit is supposed to heat up when you blow on it and it really does.  I don't think my husband liked it on him but it really works on me.  He likes the cream that makes him last longer.  We both love the taste of the powder.  The box is very pretty.
My daughter however, has sensitive skin and her results unfortunately were acne. I would deffinently recommend this product for any fair skinned person.
Like the way it drys and makes your skin feel.
So i bought this to work in lieu of my other Fake Bake products. I figured it would be awesome like the FB Flawless and the FB Face Platinum. I didn't have any breakouts and it definitely is a light dry oil and help spread out the color fairly evenly. My only deal with it was the smell. It's very plastic-y... like burnt plastic, the smell seemed to kind of linger but i couldn't tell after i put my cologne on. It definitely does it's job, but the smell is nothing like they say.
I purchased this along with the Fake Bake self tanner. I recommend it on knees and elbows before applying the tanner.
I purchased this to hold a Hair Ware 100% Human Hair Mannequin BB44156 that i purchased to practice basic braiding techniques.  While I had some issues with the mannequin itself, this base that I affixed it upon is quite efficient.  The swivel style top that inserts into the model head swivels in every direction easily and the tension can be adjusted on it by tightening or looseing the nut that secures it.  I know that this is somewhat hard to understand when reading (you kinda have to experience it to get the idea)and don't count on any included instruction to tell you how the pieces fit together as there aren't any!  But never fear, as you don't need an engineering degree to figure it out-- and there are only three pieces to work with.  I have had it only three weeks, but I do manipulate the model head on this base quite a bit and it's still holding up.
I received this item very quickly.  Love the flexibility of moving it yet it suctions nicely to my counter top in my bathrm.  Nice for smaller areas.
It suctions perfectly to Formica, glass, granite and poly plastics. The surface must be very clean for best results. However it does not do well on wood surfaces or wood-like veneer surfaces.
I have dry skin, as do both of my children and we all love this Drift Away bath ice cream! It's very moisturizing and the scent is strong enough to actually help with relaxation as opposed to many bath bombs. The one gripe I do have with this product is the price. It's really only enough for one bath, and $8.50 is pretty steep!
I only chose the 4 stars because I haven't used it that much yet.  I do love the feel. I love all my Ouidad products.  You have to use them a few times to get the full affect.
It contains orange color vitamin-c extract floating in the cleanser. It feels smooth on my combination skin and does not dry my skin. But I do not see it helped with hyperpigmentation as it claims. I almost finished a bottle, and I will try other products.
I've been using this shampoo for years, it is great for really dry hair, it's the most hydrating shampoo I've tried. My only complaint is that it used to have a nice light strawberry scent, very unusual, and then a few years ago they changed it.
Not for large bald areas, but if you've got some small bald spots or some thinning spaces, this product will mask them.
--- updated review ---Since my review I've finally received an email response to my many inquiries. They claim the order was never fulfilled (which it wasn't) and that I wasn't charged (which I was). I provided proof that they were paid by credit card via PayPal. They promptly send a full refund to my PayPal account. So the issue is somewhat resolved, but I never received the shampoo. Not sure why they just didn't ship me the shampoo instead of refunding me the money. I guess they don't want my business. But I changed my rating from 1 to 4 stars because I do like their system (shampoo/conditioner/treatment) and was having decent, acceptable results. So beware of service, but their product was working for me.--- original review ---I bought a 3 month supply directly from their website (HairGenesis company) back in Oct. 2013 and was ok with the results so I ordered a new one in March. I have yet to receive it. They charged my credit card, but the status shows never shipped. They will not answer my emails and their phone number gives busy signal every time. I think they went under so please be careful if you plan on buying this product. I'm going to contact Amex to see if I can contest the charge.
It would be awesome if this scent lasted throughout the day and didn't require multiple applications like Chanel.  Great scent but doesn't last long
I have a small patch of psoriasis and used this in combination with zinc pyrithione.  The combination really helps the flaking and seems to keep the itching at bay for most of the workday, so I apply it 2-3 times per day.  When I use this salve, the psoriasis still looks a little red, but it has good emollient qualities so I don't have to worry about the ugly and noticeable flaking anymore.  Now and then I even get a few days of "remission" before it comes back, which is a big improvement over the constant flaking and itching I had with other treatments.  I'd recommend this for any kind of dry, flaking skin.  I can't really attest to how it works on burns, rashes, etc.
I love the idea of using this for travel with all the restrictions on liquids.  It works great, and my only tiny complaint is that it's kind of hard to lather with.  It still gets the job done, so I'll jet away with it.
Our 8 year old cat's eyes got very runny and would leave crust and goo on her nose. She had been exposed to a cat with the herpes virus (not sure if that was the problem with our cat). I read somewhere about using Willard water for preventing herpes outbreaks in cats. I used it in the lowest concentration listed on the bottle. Within two days the runniness stopped and a black crust was all that was came out. Now it is only every once in a while that the black crust shows up.
I started using Dermalogica a year ago and am very satisfied with the results.  The eye cream keeps the area around my eyes moisturized.  The cream is not oily, I haven't had any allergic reactions or irritations.  I highly recommend it to anybody who is sensitive to other products.
just wish the bottle was bigger. cause i went through it too fast. i recommend it for everyone. just try it.
This product is great, I like it a lot. Only thing about it i don't like is the size. Overall it is very good.
This is the second bottle of pjur I have purchased. It is usually much more expensive in stores. It is my first silicone based lube, also, and I feel like it is very noticeably more long lasting than any water-based lube. Because of certain medications, I oftentimes have some issues with lubrication and pjur is the answer to my problems!!
The lip gloss is wonderful.  It just that it was lighter than the picture and I would have preferred a darker color.
This formula is thick and one needs a little dab for your whole face. It has not caused break outs! Should last a long time.
This product seems to last forever. I purchased this awhile back and I still have about 1/2 left. The cream is also really thick and takes some time to smooth over the face. I'm currently 30 years old but always looked young for my age. I'm hoping this product will continue on maintaining my youth and will follow up with an updated review once I finish the product.Update: April 21, 2014Wow it has been over an year since my last review. I just finished this product a few weeks ago. This product really does last a long time. I can't really say it improved or reduced my wrinkles. However what I can say is for someone with oily skin, this moisturizer did not leave a shine or make my skin oily. Overall, this product still gets 4 stars!
I bought a few face moisturisers from several brands, none is bad but only this one I'm going to purchase again. Very high quality, dense and I truely see the difference.It's noticeable they make it for more than 25 years, since it's old-fashioned. As I said, very dense unliked any other face cream today. I think it's just full of moisture without too much chemical crap.UPDATE: I had to stop using since it caused me a small red rash near the lip. I'm sure it has something to do with the product since once it appeared I stoped using and within 3 days the rash was gone (I used it only once a day prior sleep). After two weeks I started using the product again and bamm, I applied and in the morning after the rash came back. I'd even say it seemed like a small fungus (which made me anxious a bit), but disappeared once I stopped using.I must say, don't judge the product just according that. I really liked it and it's a good value, try it - if your skin doesn't react like mine I'd go for it. BTW I don't have a sensitive skin.
my wife says I look better when using it. There is not much out there for men. this one works for me.
This product is on the expensive side, but seems to work well.  It's not greasy and goes on smoothly. I don't know if it makes your skin &#34;younger&#34;, but it definitely moisturizes well.
Literally less than a dime size will treat your entire face. Do not use more or it feels greasy. Rub it in your skin well and you will be pleased with this product
I accidentally stumbled upon this German bubble bath and it smells good masculine even. I don't often take a bubble bath but the stuff was pretty cool and left my skin feeling good. I just might indulge in this again.
This bubble bath has a natural scent that is not at all floral. It's woodsy with fur and pine notes; the pine does smell reminiscent of floor cleaner but it's not quite strong enough to be bothersome. This would be the perfect gift for a man who likes baths.
I'VE USED BADIDAS FOR SEVERAL YEARS.  AT FIRST I WASN'T SURE I LIKED THE AROMA AFTER USING IT.  NOW I'M HOOKED AS IT'S A FRESH, UNIQUE SMELL
Purchased four bottles of Vital Bath through Amazon from Parthenon Foods, Inc. in West Allis, WI.All went very smoothly and package arrived via FedEx in fine condition. I would certainly recommend purchasing products from this vendor. Badedas is not easy to find in the U.S. and once you've used it becomes quit additive!
Good bubble action, looks toxic green in tub (the Grinch would love it) but rinses right out. Has a really strong smell (clean, almost pine-like but not &#34;cleaning product&#34; clean) and doesn't dry out my skin
I first purchased this product many yrs ago in Jamaica and was thrilled with the way it made my sun dried skin feel.derma e Clear Vein Creme, Spider Vein/Bruise Solution with Horse Chestnut & Grape Skin Extract, 2 oz (56 g) (Pack of 2)It restored moisture and smelled wonderfully fresh.
Nice and special product for bubble baths, with a longlasting solution. . . . . . . . . .
This shower gel isn't everyone's choice, but I like it, and it is very difficult to find in stores here in the US.  Amazon to the rescue - thanks.
Badedas has not changed in 40 years probably longer. Still an amazing green as it goes in. Pine scent great bubbles
This product is good. But I checked the language on the back of container. It looks like this product is manufactured from Russian instead of German.
I have bought this creme twice and it takes such a while to rub the creme in. You can wear it for the entire day though witout having to worry about being ashy in a couple of hours. But I would never buy it at this price. Way too much.....go to walmart!
This creme is less greasy than the version from Mexico, consequently, it is more difficult to apply. I rub into my palms then pat it onto my face, then massage it in. I use a generous amount and let it absorb for a few minutes before applying my make-up. I don't put quite as much on the oilier areas of my face. I like the way my 50 year old face is looking and the light fragrance fades quickly. This item shipped quickly and was in good shape when it arrived.
Any time I see this, I get two containers.  I absolutely LOVE this skin cream, but it seems like I can never find it anywhere!  I assist women in labor and delivery, and very often provide comforting touch or massage.  No one wants alligator hands all over their back!  This cream is FABULOUS because it's not oily, absorbs quickly, and doesn't have an overwhelming odor which might annoy or make my clients feel nauseated.  I keep a tub in my work bag, and a tub in my medicine cabinet.  It's also great for chapped cheeks in the winter!
I was skeptical at first, but was in the market for a face lotion.  I'd tried Nivea before and liked it, but when I went to order it, I had no idea there was such a groundswell of online enthusiasm for the "German" version versus the "Mexico"/"Thai"/yada yada version.  Took a limb on this seller, and the product appears to have arrived with the German ingredients as promised, albeit in a slightly dinged metal can that was hastily wrapped over in packing tape.  Pretty sure it's unadulterated...Either way, it feels great!Minus one star for the sketchy packaging.
Biodiat nice working shampoo.  Some people may differ on the smell and if it works.  My head was cleaned and had a fragrance to it after showering.  Medicine smell and feel.  Not sure if it worked though.  I still keeps trying to regrow hair back with pills and other shampoo.  Small bottle for a lot of money.
purchased this for my father for christmas and he loves the scent.  its not easy to find scented powder and he was very happy with this one.
As we all know, washing our favorite canine friend can be a challenge at times as they don't always cooperate. For years I have been using products that I could find at my local pet shop and they have all been liquid shampoo allegedly formulated for a "dog's sensitive skin". The problem is that it takes a lot of shampoo and associated effort to get all the parts properly cleansed. On the one hand, my dog, a mini schnauzer, keeps moving so the shampoo I have just squeezed out onto my palm and am desperately trying to distribute to his chest or rear leg is dripping and even when I get it where it needs to be it never seems to be enough. I find myself using a lot of liquid shampoo to do the job and the constant need to pick up the bottle or pump more onto my hand gives my pooch an opportunity to try to get away from me further complicating the task. In the end, I use a lot of shampoo to get this relative small, long haired dog clean. Another issue for me is the smell of dog shampoo as most of them are overly scented and artificial smelling.I had often wished that I could find a bar of soap specially formulated for a canine that is not overly scented and leaves their coat nice and shiny. Well, this soap does it and does it well. When using a bar of soap there is no need to keep going back to the bottle to get more as you have all you need right in your hand. Washing the dog with this product takes a lot less time and it rinses out completely with ease. I can get my dog washed in just a few minutes and as I always have one hand on the dog, he is easier to control and more cooperative.I first wet him down completely avoiding his head but getting every part of his body nice and wet. Then I take the bar of soap in my hand and get every part nicely lathered up which is easier with the source of soap firmly in your hand. I then rinse his entire body and then wet his head as that is the part he really doesn't like. I then soap up his beard/muzzle, neck and head avoiding his eyes and quickly rinse him off with a hand held sprayer protecting his nose from direct contact with the water. After one final rinse of his body he is wrapped in a large towel and happily rubs his face and body into it drying himself off. The smell of the soap is wonderful and mild with a hint of cinnamon and sage and it leaves his fur nice and shiny. Fortunately, it does not irritate his skin or cause flaking or itching so all in all, we are both happy with the product.So why only four stars? It is a rather small bar (only 3 oz) for the price and doesn't last too long, so you should buy a few at a time. Once you have tried it you will never go back to liquid shampoo again.
it makes my hair really dry and tangle wish sucks but after i good conditioning i can say i am flake free. i still get itch here and there but no white annoying flakes at all. i use it every 3 days and wash twice for good results. just wish it didnt dry and tangle up my hair it rips my hair out when i try to comb it
But I recently found something else for my extra dry cuticles. This is easy to use and smells good. Tea Tree oil is always nice stuff. I think if if I didn't have extra dry skin, this would be enough. But if your cuticles are so bad they bleed, go for something from Curel for extra dry skin.
I haven't been using it for a long time but I feel that it is already working. It just takes some time to be absorbed.
I have used this product for years and feel it really works better than most anything else I haveused. I also have my Husband using it now he has such dry cuticles and they are always hanging andtearing away.  I try and get him to have manicure from time to time but this helps in between thosetimes. I have him put it on his nails and cuticle while he is watching TV.  Keeps his hands out of thesnacks for  awhile and then he rubs it into the cuticule and nails. Just a about maybe 10 minutes worksand it really helps.  I would recommend it to friends and I like the price at Amazon I have purchasedit other places and it is much higher. I also like the quick dry product and use that myself when I donails. works great. Enjoy
Ordered Saturday and it arrived today (Monday)! I haven't been able to try it yet, but can't wait to do so. Only down side was that the box was damaged. The bottle was fine however. So no complaints!
This is a very good moisturizer for dry cuticles in the winter.  I am very pleased with the results of using it everyday for three weeks.  It is so soothing after doing the dishes in bleach water. My cuticles look and feel much nicer.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants healthy looking cuticles.
Stopped my cuticles from tearing and bleeding.  I does not have an offensive odor, just takes some time to be absorbed.
I use this to clean my makeup brushes, and it's better than any brush cleaner on the market. I keep a small squirt bottle near my makeup area and every day I squirt a little onto each brush as soon as I'm done using it, then swirl the brush around on a hand towel to remove makeup residue. For deep cleans I pour a little into a small cup and swish the brush in it for a few seconds, then swirl it around on the towel. My brushes have never been cleaner or more sanitary, and this bottle costs less than expensive brush cleaners and lasts longer too. It even works on mySigma Beauty Flat Top Synthetic Kabuki - F80, one of the most difficult brushes to keep clean. Try it--your complexion will thank you!
thanks great product, hard to find...will order again when ready, would like it to have a seal on it, but thanksbut
its great for my application, this and liquid lanolin works great for case lube and you don't have to degrease when you are done, better than Hornady one shot
I liked my latest purchase. It arrived in a timely manner, it was packaged appropriately eliminating any waste. Thank you..
Unsure how to tell if its 99% as advertised but it is an excellent cleaner with almost no residue.Interestingly, the bottle came without an inner cap seal. Not sure if that is an issue or whether there is even a requirementfor such products.
I have loved this product for 15 years and preferred the original bottles. The last six version of the bottles have been getting worse each time until this last order where the pump cap does not stay secure and some of the bottles had a length of the straw part of the pump top too long to allow soap to be used. I had to transfer new soap into an older version of the bottle to use it. I used to order this product as a special gift for friends to share my favorite things but not with this latest bottle design.
This pumice stone didn't lather for me, not a big deal. It did do a great job on my dry feet. Every year as soon as the heat goes on, the dry, embarrassing feet are here. At the end of a shower I scrubbed with this, after a couple days doing this there was a noticeable difference! It doesn't feel like a traditional pumice stone. It's much lighter - like a petrified sponge. So it probably won't last as long as that old pumice stone but it does a better job. I recommend this to anyone with "winter feet"!
Similar to a product i was using. It removes rough dry skin from my feet and I only need to use it every two to three weeks as long as i keep my feet moisturized. I gave it 4 stars because it was a little pricey for four stones. I definitely recommend this product.
I use it once a week. Keeps my feet soft and smooth. The stone is decomposing a little but not too much at all. I bought it nine months ago and it is 90% there. I just keep it out of the shower and in the medicine cabinet when I'm not using it. Would buy again.
It is what I was looking for...just that it looks pretty big on the picture. ......but I do get the product that I was looking for...
Put on your moisturizer first. I use a brush to put this on but it would probably work just with fingertips. It doesn't move all day long. It doesn't turn into lots of little age lines. This stuff is far superior to anything else i have used, and i have spent a fortune on concealers over the years. This is the product that is working for me!
This is one of the best all around over ups I have ever used.!  Comes with two basic color tones  in one. Great for under eye cover or uneven skin tone.. I will order again.. Thank you!
This is a very good concealer and feels great too - very smooth & blendable. I am used to concealer in a tube so still getting used to this type of concealer but overall like. I really love glo mineral products!
Product is lightweight and easy to apply and best used for under-eye circles, highlighting, or to cover minor blemishes; however, it doesn't provide full coverage major blemishes or bruises.
This product is one of the few concealers that hides my dark circles very well. I have used this product for a number of years.  I have used many brands and found that his one is one of the best.  It is not as expensive as the popular brands and lasts a longer time.  I would highly recommend using this product.
although the service was very good, the product is not asI had hoped.  I was hoping it was similar to Mohave coverup which is thebest I have ever used.  This was to 'clay like', but the seller was great.
I used this for my dog's allergy. It helped to some extent. I haven't used it enough to say more.
I used the product before it came out on the national market.Truly a good product. I still use it although infrequently, as I have found a better product. Not knocking Wounded Warrior at all.But Melaleuca Oil works better.
I ordered this when I had a sore that would not heal. I had been using an antibiotic ointment which seemed to be making things worse. After two weeks with no luck, I tried the Wounded Warrior, and it began healing in two days. Within a week the sore was better. This also helps a little with acne and other skin problems.
I like that this product is a shampoo and can easily be used on your whole head.  It does seem to promote a scant amount of hair growth for me.  But the main benefit for me is that I lose a lot less hair after shampoos then when I don't use it.
This is a very nice item.  It is comfortable to wear and soaks up the water.
I used this for my first pregnancy and now using it again. I used it religiously every night.  Its a thick and a bit sticky when you put your shirt back down, but it worked for me.
I used this with my first pregnancy and didn't get any stretch marks.  I am 27 weeks pregnant with baby #2 and still no stretch marks.  We'll see how I'm looking after the baby is born!2 years after my second baby and I have very very faint stretch marks in my lower tummy area. I still wear a bikini and I think they're really only noticeable to me. I recommend this for every pregnant woman!! Don't forget to apply to your breasts! That's where I got most of my stretch marks, but that's what happens when you go from a C to a DD in a matter of months.
I am currently using this product because I developed really itchy skin in early pregnancy. It helps, but the product leaves my legs feeling sort of oily. The smell is light, so it doesn't set me off since my nose is really sensitive right now.The butter is almost the consistency of Vasoline.
I am only 6 months right now, but have been using tummy butter for the last two months and no stretch marks as of yet! I have no itching, no dryness, and it is a little oily when you first put it on, but that's because it is very thick and it soaks in and makes your tummy very soft after a couple of hours. I've even used it on other body parts and it works wonders for itchy, dry skin from the hormones.
I'm only half way through my pregnancy, so I cant really say much about this product preventing stretch marks...but what I AM very impressed by is the fact that it barely has any smell (cocoa butter might be effective but the scent is SO overwhelming) I also like that its not greasy or too liquidy. Perfect smell (or non smell), perfect consistency.Really hoping for a stretch mark success story. So far, so good but the real test happens when I hit my 8th and 9th months...wish me luck!
It smells nice, and seems to work,plus it has an anti-itch ingredient as well. The only negative is it's quite greasy.
Good product, love the smell becuase it's not very strong.  A little on the greasy side, but not sticky like other products I have tried.
This stuff will stick around, but be warned if you have anything against thick greasy textures, this stuff has that in spades.Does all that matter if it works? Nope. So We will see in about a year.
I haven't gotten any stretch marks and I'm 33+ weeks along, so it's really good for that. I give it 4 stars because of the itchiness.
It smells nice and isn't too greasy, though watch out for your clothes. I got just a little bit on my shirt the first day I used it and it left a stain. Just make sure to let it soak in a bit before dressing! Otherwise, it's doing the trick. I use a light layer under Palmers for stretch marks and it's been a good combo.
I love this. Have been using it throughout my pregnancy and no stretch marks yet. It has a comfortable scent and keeps my belly smooth and itch free. I recommend it!
This product feels nice, but the smell is a little too strong for me. I'll probably use the rest of it, but then order something else.
Wife used this during her first pregnancy and it worked overall pretty well. The smell isn't fantastic but it's not bad either. I would suggest doing research and seeing what works for everyone.
Good product although I wish it felt more like a cream or lotion.  It definitely helps with the chronic itchiness.
I have been using this product in my 6th and 7th month.  So far I am loving it.  2 more months and I will know if it really stood the test of time.
I'm only 18 weeks along and I don't really know when stretch marks appear if someone's going to get them but so far I don't have any. Granted, there's not a lot of stretching going on yet.The consistency of this product is like a thicker Vaseline but not slick if that makes sense. I feel like it really hydrates my skin and prevents the itchiness of pregnancy. I only give it 4 instead of 5 stars because I usually wash my hands after using it. But I do feel it lasts all day.
I'm 25 wks pregnant with twins and this is my second pregnancy, so I'm willing to try anything.  Didnt' have stretch marks with 1st pregnancy and I mainly used a Palmer's and Mustela products, but wanted to try new things with this pregnancy to do everything possible to prevent stretch marks.  So far, so good, but this product is extremely thick!  It does smell good, so if you can handle the gooey, thickness of this, it's not a bad product.
I swear by this Bella b brand! I didn't get stretch marks from my first pregnancy and am using Bella b now again. However I only gave it 4 stars because I like the one that looks more like a fat glue stick for easy application. I also like the lotion. This is good but I rather not stick my fingers into this when I can use a rub on stick or lotion instead. That being said this product is great I just prefer the other application but this same Bella b brand!
This has a thick consistency, so it kind of looks like wax, but you can run your fingers over it in the container and get a thin coating on them to rub into your skin.  It's slightly sticky.  The aroma is light and not too strong to upset my super-sensitive morning-sickness nose.  It smells a bit like honey and flowers. I will probably use a more lotion-textured product for easier, quicker, and less-sticky coverage more often (especially in the morning when I'm in a hurry to get dressed after the shower), but will still use this product occasionally or on particularly dry or itchy spots as it seems very luxurious and natural.  I haven't used it long enough to determine if it will prevent stretch marks but it seems like it will keep the skin moist.  It has that emollient effect so it seems to sit in a shiny, thin layer on top of the skin.
I went through 2 of these during my pregnancy. It wasn't overly oily or sticky, had a pleasant scent that wasn't overpowering. I'm giving this a 4 though because the first one I ordered was perfect but the second one was a little bit grainy which I wasn't a fan of. But, I will buy this again for my future pregnancies.
I am in my 7th month, and I have no stretch marks (yet). It is said that their appearance is mostly determined by genetics, but I feel like I help mother nature if I use a cream.I only use this butter before going to bed. It is quite thick and sticky, and would not wear it during the day when I am at work.During the day, I use the much lighterMustela Stretch Marks Double Action - 5.07 oz.. This one is more expensive, but allows me to wear my daily clothes without staining or stickiness.
This product alleviates itching and painful skin stretching but leaves your belly greasy. You defintely don't want to put this product on without a tank or tee to absorb the greasy "butter."  Otherwise you run the risk of ruining a shirt or sweater.  It is too early to tell if this really prevents stretch marks since I am only 5 1/2 months along. But so far so good.  We currently live in a very dry winter climate. While I am constantly applying lotions and creams to the rest of my body, I only need to apply the tummy honey butter once a day.  I would with the above reservation recommend this product.
I've been using this product for about a month, and like other reviewers said, it's a little greasy but it works well. I'm 24 weeks pregnant now and so far no stretch mark on my belly yet. I apply it in the morning and evening right after shower. Let's see how it works down the road...
I just started using this tummy butter so I cannot tell you wether it will prevent stretch marks or not, but, I can tell you how nice it feels to rub it on your tummy.I used Palmers Cocoa Butter Stretch Mark Cream for my last pregnancy and it worked but it smelled awful. I went on a search this pregnancy to find something with natural ingredients that didn't smell so bad and that wasn't a lotion and found this product.I like the smell of this one, it has a very light scent that is almost undescribable. It almost smells like a candle oil that you would burn or some kind of floral incense.The formulation is simular to a lip balm and when you put it on it has tiny little beads that exfoliate the skin (which I enjoy).I reccomend this product. It smells much better than some of the stretch creams that you typically see in drugstors.It does leave a light greasy feeling to the tummy after application, but it's nothing to worry about. Just put a tank top on and your good to go.
I have used this product for almost 2 months. So far, I have no stretch marks(4 and half month pregnant and I was quite thin).It is a bit hard to rub in 'cause it is quite greasy. but I do believe the heavy stuff should work better.The smell is Okay and I don't find it stinky or unbearable the next morning. Like other reviewers said, it doesmake your clothes a little greasy, but come on, what is more important? no stretch marks or washing your jammies more often? And it is really not that bad!
I love this stuff.  No new stretchmarks on my stomach yet!  But I don't want to jinx it :-)  I am also allergic to some things out on the market and I love that this product is hypoallergenic, smells good, and gets the job done.
This is a great product to avoid stretch marks during pregnancy.  It is a bit pricey though and I found that cocoa butter lotion works just as well.
19 weeks along and no stretch marks so far.....it does feel waxy on, but seems to be working.  Hoping this keeps working through the end!
I am in my 36 week of pregnancy and so far I have not seen a single stretch mark. I apply it twice a day in the morning and before bed at night. It s very thick and does leave an oily residue so you will have to always wear an undershirt to protect your nicer clothes, but I guess it is worth it if you want to avoid stretch-marks.
I bought two products from Amazon for stretch marks when I found out I was pregnant - Bella B Tummy Honey Butter and Earth Mama Angel Stretch Oil.  I really like the feel of my skin after using the Bella B product - it seems to keep my skin moisturized for hours (all day when using it twice a day).  I hadn't thought about using it to minimize stretch marks from high school.  Other reviewers say it helps with that, too.  I'm near the end of the first 4 oz jar and am going to repurchase.  I have to say that the Earth Mama oil made my skin break out within days of using it.  Only soft, moisturized skin with Bella B!  I would recommend it!!
Good product, but in my case it didn't prevent the stretch marks. my jar was also a bit dry, not as moisterizing as I thought it would be. I have tried numerous stretch mark/tummy product and I have to say that I prefer Argan oil, I use the brand Vitaville, over the butter. I found the oil to be more moisterizing, organic and love the fact that it's 100% pure, which I don't know if this product is. The ingredients list seem to be kind of long, if you take a look at it.
I bought this about a month ago and there are some things I really like and some things not so much.The texture is really nice: a little grainy to exfoliate (and it feels nice the rub on your itchy belly). Let me tell you though, it definetly does not soak in quickly. It leaves you greasy, and I would recomend wearing a tanktop under your shirt (although it never ruined or left marks on any of my clothes). Also, for me, it really soothed the burning and itching, which sometimes, is all I really care about in a pregnancy lotion. It warms up nicely in your hands like a massage oil.The scent is a little overwhelming for pregnant women who are sensitve to smell . Very rich, floral and strong- at first I didnt know if I could stand it- but over time, I got used to it and even like it. Bottom line though, it IS strong smelling, and wont be for everybody.As for preventing stretch marks: I still got some, but not many. They are pretty small and only under my belly. Also, it looks like the lotion has done a good job at fading them to light pink instead of red/purple. Im still pregnant and stretching, but Im sure once Im not, and my skin is going back to normal, this lotion is REALLY going to work at fading stretch marks.All in all, Im glad I bought it, and will buy again!
It seemes like a waste of money in the end, it was great for the longest time up until the last few weeks I got ridiculous stretch marks.....not really sure there is any cream that can prevent stretch marks, it must be hereditary, unfortunately. I wouldn't waste your money. Just use normal lotion.
I bought this product with a few others by Bella B for my sister-in-law who is pregnant.  She has told me more than once how much she loves using them and how well they work for her.
Used it with my first pregnancy and prayed daily and had no stretch marks in the end.  Only wish it rubbed in a bit better.  It will get on whatever clothing you sleep in.  It is somewhat greasy and seems to stay on the top of your skin for a bit.
it is great. light scent. alleviates itching. makes skin really soft. just bought my 4th tub. i wish they made it in a bigger size.
I'm only 11weeks into my pregnancy but so far so good. I like the texture and scent much more than the pregnancy lotion or butter you can buy at your general supermarket.
I've been using this "lotion" for lack of a better word for the last 7 weeks at least once a day.  I slather a generous amount over all the parts of myself that are stretching with pregnancy.It's obviously impossible to say whether it's working.  I started using it after getting my first stretch mark at 24 weeks.  Since then (now at 31 weeks) I have gotten more stretch marks, but not many.  I can definitely believe I might be worse off if I wasn't using this stuff.I spoke to my dermatologist, and she recommended using some kind of moisturizing lotion.  She didn't recommend any particular type or brand or even honey butter specifically.  However, I figure this is as good as any, and the doctor did indicate that moisturizing lotion does make a difference - contrary to people who think genetics is all that matters.This stuff is kind of gross, however.  I use a generous amount, and it's annoying having it slathered all over me.  It gets on all my clothes, though it seems to come off reasonably well in the wash.Overall, this is an affordable solution which probably helps on some level.  It's not a miracle cure for stretch marks, though.
I've only used this a few times so far and it seems like an ok product. It smells good, but is a little greasy. I read some reviews before purchasing it so had an idea what it might be like. I've only used it at night before bed so the greasiness doesn't bother me too much. If you're looking for more of a cream, I wouldn't get this product, but if you're just looking for something that might help prevent stretch marks, I would give it a try. I haven't used it enough to know if it will really help with the stretch marks though.
Thick, creamy, yes a little greasy but that's why it stays on so great. Sorry it can't beat genetics or excess weight gain but works great for itching and does as much as any cream could to prevent stretch marks. Used daily for both babies.
i bought this after the product i was using ran out.  i love the smell!!!  i use it only at night, b/c the skin does stay oily after applying, but i don't mind getting a little residue on my night clothes - and it all washes out and does not stain.  i use a plain shea butter in the morinings b/c it rubs into the skin better.  but i love putting it on at night b/c it smells so good.  i have only been using it about 2 weeks so i can't speak to its ability to prevent stretch marks at this point.  most of the other reviews were good so i can't wait to see how it works for the next 8 weeks!
I love this belly butter and the only problem I have with it is that it's a little thick and sticky, but I easily rectify that by putting it on at the end of my shower so that it spreads more evenly and thinly.  That's my only complaint, because it works well, it smells great and most importantly (to me anyway) it's paraben- and phthalate-free!  &lt;3  Out of all the brands I've used and smelled, this one is definitely my favorite as far as the scent.  It's light and fresh.  I would recommend this to anyone with a baby bump.  They say only genetics can determine whether you get stretch marks or not, but this belly butter definitely stops the itchy uncomfortable feeling and is worth a try!
I started using this product early in my pregnancy to prevent stretch marks. I was skeptical at first, because it was greasier than I expected. I kept using it, but only at night because I didn't want my clothes to get greasy during the day. I am now 7.5 months pregnant and still slather it on my belly and hips every night, and I don't have one stretch mark to speak of! I don't know if it's genetics or this product, but I'm a believer. Plus I don't have itchy skin like many pregnant women complain about. Hopefully the current jar will get me through all 9 months!
I notice a difference in stretch marks and certainly do not feel itchiness any longer. very soothing product. i've re-ordered as well as gifted to friends.
I bought this on a friend's recommendation to prevent stretch marks after my first trimester of pregnancy. I've used it for the past 3 months almost every night and have not had any stretch marks yet. I have yet to hit the fast growing 3rd trimester.The packaging says organic and promotes the cocoa, shea, and aloe vera ingredients. The top ingredient on the list is aloe vera followed by a long list of other stuff.The texture is buttery with a little bit of graininess which I'm not sure is intentional or not. The packaging claims to not feel greasy, but it feels pretty greasy. It will get on the inside of your clothes so beware of that. I just put it on before bed so it's not a big deal. But you can definitely still feel a bit of residue on your skin even the next day. There is a bit of a scent but it's pleasant.Regardless of the texture, so far I don't have any stretch marks, whether it is because of the Bella B Tummy Honey Butter, I can't say.Full review with video and photos here:[...]
My only complaint is that this product will leave grease stains on your clothing if you do not let it dry completely before putting anything on. It takes quite a long time to absorb since it is so thick (probably an hour or so), at least in my experience. I ruined a few cotton tops with this stuff before I figured it out, unfortunately.I use other stretch mark prevention creams that are not greasy and will not stain in the morning before putting on my clothing. Before bed, I really grease myself up with the tummy honey butter, and I put on a night gown that I have already stained with it (so it doesn't matter). I wake up with my skin still feeling soft and smelling wonderful!I am 28 weeks and have really JUST popped, and I still have 0 stretch marks. I also use it on my breasts, which have grown 3 cup sizes, and I also have no stretch marks there. My mom has horrible stretch marks, and I do expect to get some towards the end. I guess we will see what happens!
I definitely wouldn't say this product prevents stretch marks as it claims (which is why I only rated it four stars). No product can do that, and this one is no different. If you're going to get stretch marks you're just going to get them. I do still really love it. I've been using since I was about 24 weeks and now I'm 36 weeks pregnant. Before using this I was using Palmers Tummy Butter which I really didn't like. I feel like it helps make the stretch marks fade. I've gotten a few, and using this they already pretty much match my skin complexion. Another review stated that a 4 oz jar lasted their entire pregnancy. I use a liberal amount every morning and night and a 4 oz jar only lasts me about two weeks. I don't mind the greasiness of it. It eventually goes away and I feel like it keeps my skin feeling very soft. It does have a weird issue with consistency. Some jars are really gritty and cause my skin to itch. Others just go on smooth and keep the itching away. Nevertheless, I love this stuff and I plan to continue to use it even after I have my baby.
Fantastic product to use during and after pregnancy for stretch marks.It is a bit oily on the skin and for better results use right after shower, but once the initial layer is absorbed, it has a significant staying power on the skin, lasts well into the evening. On the last 4 weeks i did have to carry around a bottle on my bag for itchy afternoons, but its well worth it if you have the consistency. The only reason I didnt give 5 starts is that on very delicate fine fabric, it may absorb and you  may not be able to get rid of it. But if you wear typical pregnancy cotton tops and dress blouses, you shouldnt have any problems. highly recommend it and also the strech fading kind.
The product has a nice, light scent.  It's a bit sticky, but it coats my tummy, which is what it's supposed to do.  I haven't had a stretch mark yet and I'm just at 28 weeks.
It's nice, and my hair feels shinier and softer,although it can weigh fine hair down. Use sparingly.
I love this product!  About the time I need to recolor my hair, I just spritz this on and comb through and my hair cones to life!  I have very fine hair and a conditioner can just weigh it down but this actually feels like it changes the texture for me and livens up my hair.
This is a wonderful high spf product.  My skin doesn't redden when I apply it (the first plus), and it provides the protection I need without causing break-outs.  The texture is very pleasant and the scent is wonderful.  My skin absorbs it right away, and it's not greasy.  The only downside to this product is the prohibitive cost.
Soothes irritated or sun-burned skin. Completely natural. Less effective than medicated ointments, but great if you want to stick just to the natural ingredients.
The camellia, Coco Chanel's signature flower, has always symbolized femininity, elegance, and style. Now the blossom has inspired Un Fleur de Chanel, a fresh floral scent, highlighted with delicate jasmine and green notes.As any botanist, florist, or gardener can tell you -- the camellia flower has no natural scent. What the perfumers at Chanel did was develop the scent of Une Fleur to be the fragrance inspired in them by the beauty of the camellia, in essence making Une Fleur smell what they think the camellia would smell like had it a scent. An interesting endeavor, of course and it's up to you to decide if you think their experiment was successful, however what can't be denied is that Une Fleur is a simply beautiful smelling perfume and surely a worthy tribute to the flower of it's inspiration. The scent is light and floral with decidedly white flower notes, yet, there is just enough jasmine, light fruity essences, and green notes in the mix to keep this fragrance from being too sweet. The white flowers are Lily of the Valley and Geranium Essence. Rose has been thrown in to add a bit of romance.Not too sweet for those who avoid sweet scents like the plague, not too strong to knock out your coworkers and admirers, while still maintaining enough lingering power to last the day. Quite beautiful.At Chanel counters and in the boutiques, this 1.2 oz. bottle retails for $55.00. Like many things at Chanel, it's limited edition and once supplies are exhausted -- it's gone.
I recommend this product for daily use for anyone who needs a little extra care. I would not recommend this to someone who is super sensitive in the eye area as it is a little strongly scented.
This works more like a scrub and kinda absorbs all the oils on the skin making in dry. it does not however clean all the blackheads like the metal scoop. The warmth is great though. Use it in conjunction to the nose strips.
I am a 40 year old woman with Roscea (mild case) and dry skin due to the climate I live in. The first time I used this product it was a little to harsh for my skin and left my face red. However I used it again, with a very gentle touch and it worked fine. I also use this product for keeping my feet soft and the rough spots on my elbows. I deducted one star from this review because I think there should be some kind of warning/caution that should be on the back of this product. You see, the scrub is very micro fine texture and though you may think you will need to be more aggressive in your scrubing, the oppsite is true. I would recommend this scrub for it leaves your face very soft, and is effective with dealing with rough patches of skin.Just remember to be very gentle with your face if you have senitive skin.
I use it with a scrub mit in the shower on my legs.  Gets rid of all of the dry skin and ready for summer shorts.
Tried everything. Organic, drugstore, high end, proactive, nothing calmed the foreheadacne my teen son was battling. Remembered this from MY teens and BINGO. Keepsit in the shower for once or twice daily use (if we're lucky, he is a male and a teen)Ha.  Major improvement in acne and overall skin looks clearer and as well. Tried it myselfand was surprised by how exfoliating, BUT creamy and not drying it is. Will continue to buy2 or more at a time and keep them in stock forever.
I bought this because I heard it was good for getting rid of acne. However my skin is extremely sensitive and this face scrub just irritated my skin and made me breakout. I gave it to my husband, who had blackheads and dry skin, the softest skin ever with not a blackhead in sight so I would recommend it I guess it just depends on what kind of skin you have.
I was a big fan of Miss Helene's cocoa butter so I decided to try this face scrub as a replacement for my old Neutrogena scrub with plastic beads. This scrub is infinitely better. They use crushed walnut shells so the whole lather is gritty. Feels like your rubbing your face in a fine sandpaper (I mean that in the best way possible). I feel like my complexion and skin tone have improved.My only qualm is some of the ingredients. I really think Queen Helene could make a fantastic product without all the big name chemicals. The basic soap and walnut shell is what makes the product what it is.
I got them because I need to change up, another color, another attitude.  They work well; not great protection of the device, it is strictly for grown ups.
Bought this for my mom. She loves it and want only this perfume for her repeat orders! Great service from Amazon. Product is genuine.
I do LOVE Fifth Avenue.  I only wish that the scent would last longer.....  !
I've had this a little while and had forgotten about it. While rummaging around this am, getting ready for work, I took a chance and sprayed on my wrist and forearm. One is always taking a chance wearing a fragrance for the first time to work, as many, if not most, are "too much", loud and offensive. I almost forgot about it but kept smelling pleasant whiffs throughout the day - ah yes, that's me!! Just right, floral, clean and classy lady, perfect for work type fragrance. Lasting power I feel is good- I can still smell it a little some 9 hours later.I like it more than "Pleasures" although it's along the same line, but cleaner. The price is unbelieveable. No office-appropriate perfume would be a 5 star for me:), but this stuff is very close to perfect.
Bought this for my mom. She loves it and want only this perfume for her repeat orders! Great service from Amazon. Product is genuine.
My wife has been using this product for long and she is quite happy with the results. I always order it in amazon and get it on time. I would like to receive more goodies next time as this is the way my wife learnt about this product.
The soap is obviously natural and makes skin softer. However, I don't like how it smells plus it quick;y becomes too soft after you use it.
I heard Sophia Loren compliment this soap so I HAD to get it! I have to say, it was a quality soap and the price point was reasonable for what you got. I would recommend this soap to a friend!! It is gentle and mild and makes your skin feel dewy (not greasy or dry!!) I have &#34;average&#34; skin and used this for a face soap, fyi. Better for winter over summer though, I would imagine, especially if you have oily skin.
I used a lot of Murad Products last year, it is very good against oily skin. But with stronger acne it was only at the first time very helpful, but now I need stronger medication.But this Toner is very good for senitive skin.I like it anyway.
I love this brand overall and the all-purpose wax that is pictured is quality wax. Yes, it's sticky and can be messy if you're not careful, but it gets the job done once you've practiced using it. I ordered the microwave formula, which is pictured. However, I received the version of wax to be used in a wax warmer which is something I do not have in my home. It works just as well but instead of microwaving it, I have to heat it up on a steamer since the container is not plastic. It's not too much of a bother, but those buyers who want to use only a microwave for heating should contact the seller beforehand to ensure that they will not receive the version that should be used with a wax warmer.
The compartments made it easy to sort and locate jewelry when traveling. Very well constructed and fit in my purse well.
I like Palladio mascara but unfortunately I got the wrong one.  This is thickening and I meant to get lengthening.  I don't think I will be able to use this one because it doesn't lengthen and I have tiny, you can barely see eyelashes.