I like but they are not stickers so they are a hassle to keep on items that you constantly use.
I mistakenly ordered two sets, I asked if I could return one of them.  This is a Canadian company so it had to be processed through Customs (big hassle).  They agreed but I asked for an email upon receipt as you can't track it through Canada via USPS.  They never sent me an email, although I emailed them three times.  When I said I was going to contact Amazon.com they got real snippy with me, (rude in fact).  As it was the contacts were in the mail, so why no email to me (they forgot).  I'm happy with the contacts, but have ordered a pair made in the United States.  Even 1-800-Contacts will take back a open case of six if you dislike the color as they have with me TWICE and the customer service is outstanding.  Here no so much and I work in a call center for a major CC company so I know what customer service is all about as I used to work the phones as well.  I would think twice about getting something not from the USA.  Beauman
What a handy little item.  It's chock full of hints for those days when you just can't remember a certain something.  I HAVE A SMALL DECK OF TAROT CARDS THAt I can lay right on top of the board. I think this is a fabulous tool!
I just like the smell of this shampoo which is why I bought it. It doesn't dry out my hair at all. I haven't gotten around to using the Treatment pack yet but the shampoo and conditioner are pretty good.
I've been using L'oreal products and tried several other brands in between. But none is like Shiseido that makes hair so smooth and soft. Even I start to feeling like touching my hair every now and then.:)
I have been using this product twice a week for about three months.  I am 52 with deep deep wrinkles. I went through chemo therapy about 10 years ago for cancer and it really really aged me. I divorced a couple of years ago and have much stress. I was looking for a product to brighten my face a little. At first I noticed a huge improvement in skin softness and an even smoothing of the skin on my face and neck.  I loved it but didn't notice any difference in my wrinkles for about two months. I waited to write a review until I was sure it wasn't just imagination that made me see wrinkles reducing. Wrinkles are reducing and my face is brighter. I LOVE this product and will use it forever! I think it is a little painful but not too bad-very worth the results! I use a vitamin E serum immediately after rolling and an over the counter cream (Olay) later and on a daily basis. Absorption after rolling is awesome!  Thank you, Thank you!!! for making a product that a single Mom of 5 teens can afford and get amazing results at home! I would recommend this product to anyone wanting to be happier with their look! With one caveat: be patient, it takes a little time. THANK YOU again!,
The product was as described. It is comparable to the $80 medical grade ones we got earlier. The price is incredible for the quality.Highly recommend for personal use or clients
Great product. I have used it twice and see some improvement. I use in conjunction with retin A and hydroquinone.
The product was the quality described and met expectations.  I would order more in this product line.Great productThanks
I've been using this product since it first came out and absolutely love it. I have a problem with detangling my very very long and somewhat fine hair but after i started using it as  detangler my problems have been solved. I've used expensive hair care products and this one just a good. Plus, it smells very nice.
This stuff is great on my hair. I call it the super shampoo. My hair hasn't gone gray since two weeks ago. I look younger.
I have been using Neutrogena Hand Cream since 1966 when I first discovered it in our hotel room in Munich, Germany. Have used it ever since...I ALSO USE IT ON MY FACE AFTER I WASH IT EVERY DAY.  It seals in the moisture in your face and your face stays smooth and soft all day and evening. When you use it, don't dry your face off completely before applying the cream. It then really seals in moisture. Love it would never do without it, EVER!!! :))))
I have been using this handcream for a long time.  I used to work at a job that required a lot of handwashing and this cream was really the only thing between nice hands and dry cracked hands.Its a thick cream and some people have told me they find it too heavy.  It has a somewhat greasy or waxy feel at first but as it absorbs and drys, it feels smooth and soft.  There is some resistance to washing off, also...which is great.this is a wonderful and resonably priced hand cream that has stood the test of time for me
Why did Loreal discontinue this miracle product??  I can't find anything else that works on my curly hair...I have made a lot of friends fall in love with this product as well.  Buy it all while you can!
L'Oreal has really messed up by discontinuing the lasting curl product. Now people are selling this $3.49 product for triple the amount. L'oreal could have raised their price several dollars and would not have lost customers. This is the ONLY product that works on my curly hair. Over 10 years I have bought this product. L'OREAL PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS. Bring this product back Quick.  I refuse to pay $10 plus to use this product....you will know me when you see me. I am the women with uncontrolled curly hair.
LOVE this curling gel. I used it for years and then could no longer find it in stores.  It does not weight the hair down, is not a heavy gel.  So glad to have found it on Amazon.com. I will continue to order it as long as it is available.  Love their curling mousse too and it is also hard to find in stores.  L'oreal just makes great products
Its the best product i have ever used for curly hair :) I have been using for years :)
I, too, have been using this product for over ten years.  I have tried too many other products to keep count of; nothing else works so well on my hair type.  I do not have curly hair, but very coarse and frizzy hair that only this product keeps under control without making my hair either stiff or heavy with oils.  I hope that L'Oreal puts this product back out on the market.  Their new line has nothing comparable, and I've tried all of their new items.
I've been using this product for over 10 years.  It is the only product that works on my long curly hair.  Last week I found out that it has been discontinued.Shame on L'Oreal.  A few months ago I noticed that two of our local stores stopped carrying this gel and contacted L'Oreal Customer Service to find out if they were discontinuing this product.  The answer was "no".  Had I known that they were not being truthful, I would have purchased a lifetime supply of it...  It is a rare find for $8.99...  It goes for $10 a pop on Ebay...  Regular price - $3.49...
As all of the reviewers mentioned, I too have been a fan of this gel for over 10 years.  The ONLY product that works for my spiral curls, I've tried to find a substitute for it since L'Oreal went ahead & discontinued it (without letting thier customers know about it).  I've since purchased from the most expensive curl gel to the cheapest...NOTHING compares to this product. It's ridiculous that I have to pay $10 for a bottle of gel I used to buy at CVS for $3.49. But I have to do what I have to do to keep my curls in shape! Boo to L'Oreal and all I can say is STOCK up while you can!!
I completely agree with everyone - This is the best product on the market for curly hair.  Since I have stopped using the product, my hair looks terrible.  I had to scrape the bottom of my purse to purchase this gel for $10 - Unbelievable!! I decided to write a letter of complaint to Loreal (address below).  If everyone takes some time to address a complaint to the President, perhaps they will consider bringing the product back.  Those of us with curly hair are consistently overlooked in the haircare market.L'OREAL USA, INC.,Carol Hamilton, President575 Fifth AvenueNew York, New York 10017,
I think this is the perfect curling gel I have ever tried. It's the first time I try that thing, but it just made my hair awsome. I have just ordered some more of it and the spray that goes with it. I love it.
Thank you for stocking an item that's no longer available in the stores/discontinued, and at a price lower than offered elsewhere. Bought 4 of them, to hold me over for a year or so, until I can find another replacement. (From what I've read of the other review feedback, there isn't another product like it yet!)
I've been having bad hair days ever since I ran out of this stuff. I have tried everything else for my curls, this was the only product that could make me feel good about my hair for the past 6 years.
I agree with all the other reviews.  I have used Springing Curls for many years.  I have very long hair and get spiral perms, and the gel holds the curls, but with no build-up or sticky feeling on my hair.  Why in the world do they stop making the best products?
This is the product I've been searching for!!! I read many of the reviews on Amazon for this product before purchasing and all the wonderful things written about it are so true. This product does the following:enhances curls, Keeps frizz away all day without making curls look stiff or crunchy feeling, does NOT give you the "wet" hair look like some products do....I absolutely love this product and you can't beat the price! I didn't know until I read the reviews that L'Oreal no longer sells this item in stores. I am so thankful to Amazon for making it available though! I plan to order several bottles and stock up!
Easy to apply, and looks flawless all day long!  Doesn't easily rub off onto your hand or clothes!
Effective yet gentle on the skin.  Works well alone or as a pre-treatment for micro-dermabrasion treatment.  Only stays on skin for two minutes.  Skin is left very smooth.
I use this with the cleansing mousse and toner. It took care of the dry patches on my face almost immediately.
I've noticed that the red marks left behind by blemishes are fading more quickly and my skin also breaks out less than before.  I highly reccommend this for those of you who have "tried everything" like me.
This product is the best healer of any type of skin disorder. This product does more than exfoliant.  I have used it for precancerous skin treatments, skin abraisions, and rashes. It is wonderful.
I have been using this Zia Ultimate Exfoliant daily for more than 20 years. It takes one minute to exfoliate and your make up will last thru out the day. I've tried other exfoliants but none works like Zia.
These are exactly what I needed
I am NOT good at nails and I thought that this would be hard, but I thought it might be worth the effort.  These are super easy to use and they work very well. Do wait until it is dry to peal off, but they give a nice clean look without much trouble.
Excellent product as expected + good timing on delivery.  Wish more distributors would carry the Weleda line!
Jason Witch Vera gel is the best aftershave on the market. It reduces razor-rash, bleeding from cuts, and any acne I might get from shaving but it does not dry out my skin like most aftershaves and acne treatments. I have tried mainstream aftershaves, benzoyl peroxide products, salicylic acid products, ordinary witch hazel, plain aloe vera, Proactive Solution, etc. and Witch Vera beats them all. It has cooling menthol and other natural ingredients, and I've seen it recommended in natural health books. There is nothing else like it.
My fiance uses it after shaving his neck and face, and I use it on sunburns and as a facial healing treatment. It's not sticky or greasy! It's cooling and helps even out skin tone as well.
i have no idea why jason stopped making this product, but i sure miss it.  cooling relief after shaving legs, itchy skin for any reason, yes - i hope they bring it back!
This makes my skin look like its glowing but it doesn't have any sparkle or shimmer in it. I look beautiful. I'm not completely pimple free but its dramatically less and I can really tell a difference if I go a day or two without using it. I have been using this for over 2 years and will continue to use it for the rest of my life. I hate that I can't find it in my local stores.
Though I shop amazon frequently, I actually bought this product at a local liquidation center out of curiousity.  I do not have acne, though at 39 have struggled for years to keep my pores clear and tight.  I didnt expect much from this product, though after using it for almost 2 months cannot not deny the changes I see in my skin.  My pores are not clogged, my skin appears tighter and I swear my coloring/skin tone has improved.  This product has built in botanical moisturizers, therefore I skip moisturizer at night and use a tinted sunblock during the day.  The product is super concentrated, so you you really dont need much to cover your whole face (I use on my whole face & neck) The smell is not great great, though once the product has dried the scent subsides completely.  I love this product and at such a low cost anyone can afford it.  I just bought 2 more tubes to keep in my refrigerator and will continue to purchase it again & again.  The name is really stupid, but the product works better than any high end product I have used in the past.
I had a prescription for my acne before (differin) and it was working, but only barely, so I bought this just for a try. It smells alittle medcine-y and doesnt soak in quite as fast as it says it does, but i have been using it before i go to bed for about 2 weeks and in those two weeks, my skin has cleared up alot more htan my old perscription ever did. In my opinion, I think anyone who is even slightly considering buying it should go for it. It's inexpensive, and it works. my skin isnt completely blemish-free, but it really is amazing.
I've been using this product for about two weeks now and I have been VERY impressed.  It is excellent.  Every winter for as long as I can remember I would get dry patches of rough, itchy skin that would eventually require an appointment with the dermatologist.  This product is the BEST.  Everything else does not deliver, ie Gold Bond, eucerin, etc.  This stuff provides REAL relief and it actually HEALS the skin!  Not many products actually deliver on their promises.  This one really does.  Yes, it is a little pricey but it's cheaper than a dermatologist and a little bit really goes a long way.  Also, who really knows what the long-term effect of the steroids they put in medicated products from dermatologists will have on your health?
this product is amazing--I'm extremely disappointed it's been discontinued-please don't discontinue this is the best formula ever for itchy skin
I suffer from eczema and I have tried a lot of different products and the Neutrogena soothing relief anti itch lotion is the best product I have found thus far! I highly recommend it! I got a sample at my dermatologist office and could not find it in the stores where I live so Amazon THANK YOU!
i suffer from excema and it was recommended by another patient to my former dermatologist.  i tried it and it really works!!  i have tried everything on the market including all prescription lotions, etc. and nothing worked except this product.  i am very upset because the store that always had it no longer carries it. that was CVS stores.  now i cannot find it anywhere locally.  i hope the company continues to make it because without it im going to have a hard time.  my excema was so severe that the only thing that worked was light box treatments. i used the neutrogena anti itch in between to keep me from scratching.  i highly recommend it to anyone that suffers from severe itching.
I actually don't have itchy skin but I use this as my daily body lotion when I shower. I'm normally the type of person who refuses to put lotion on every day because I hate how many are so thick and difficult to spread all over the skin, but not this! It glides over my skin smoothly and I don't feel sticky like with other lotions. Using it on the knees and elbows and such DOES really make them softer so for anyone who just likes a lightly scented easy daily moisturizer this is the one!
i still have a few boxes of this brite, scarlett-magenta red left that i got at amazon. get tons of comps. before my local sallys closed down the lady working there recommended Loreal Excellence Hi Color hilite reds. dont mistake them for the other loreal reds. these are only used by professionals. they come in 3 shades; copper, red and magenta. she liked magenta n so did i. i even called the co and magenta is a violet red n more cool toned while red is red. if you have dark hair not black it will left your hair by 3-4 shades depending on the strength deveolper you get; they recommend at least 30 or 40%..the stronger the liter n briter it will come out but fade quicker. since i dont wash my hair each day the lady told me go for the 40%. it also covers grey hair but will make it come out pinker on the roots but i like that look. by reading the reviews here and sallys the magenta sounds better...more vibrant, less work and never fades to orange. the red sounds like work...dying it twice, using other hair colors, special shampoos n fading to reddish brown, orange, copper.
I love this item.  I've always had trouble growing my nails out - they would split or break, or I would bite them because they were never strong enough to make it past the nail bed.  I started using this product regularly after it first came out - and I've had strong nails ever since - I have to file them to keep them short!  I'm frustrated because the Rite Aid's seem to have stopped carrying the Almay Nail Product line - and cannot find it anywhere but here on Amazon.  I highly recommend this product and hope it never goes away!
I absolutely love this product, never had long fingernailsand using this I do.  Of course now it can't be found.My sister is having the same luck with the product.  Whyoh why is it gone.Unhappy in Kansas
These are the best cleansing cloths that I have tried. I have combination skin that tends to be sensitive, and these cloths do not irritate my skin. They leave my skin soft and glowing.  They can also be cut in half to conserve them. A half of the cloth is just as powerful.
In a comparison test with the Olay Daily Facial Cleansing Cloths, I found these were a bit more luxurious. The lather really helps to life away the dirt and oil and make-up. These cloths contain moisturizing lotion and Vitamin A & E.They are non-comedogenic (won't clog pores), hypo-allergenic and fragrance free.I didn't have a reaction, so I felt they were a good product as far as claming to be for sensitive skin goes.The micro-fine cloth seems to absorb/trap a lot of makeup and you can remove all your makeup with one cloth. I though they were good to use if you didn't want to splash water on your face (so as not to mess up your hairstyle) and you were traveling or to use to remove makeup on the run.Both have similar textured cloths, so they are both equally good at removing dirt, oil and make-up. Yes, they even removed mascara. I liked the soapy feel of the Dove cloths, yet noticed they were a bit more messy to use than the Olay facials. They just reallyhave a nice lather, which I think cleans your skin a tiny bit better. If I had to make a choice between the two, I'd buy these.The basic idea with these clothes is to cleanse and hydrate.Good for removing make-up!To use:Wet cloth with water.Rub cloth to lather it up a bit.Cleanse entire face.Rinse face with cloth.Throw away cloth.~The Rebecca Review
These do a really good job of cleaning and removing makeup. I love them in my travel bag as they are dry, no bottles or tubes to explode, and after I have cleaned my face I use them as a wash cloth with Dove body wash...really smooth and effective.  The perfect travel companion.
This product is fabulous!  I'm so sad they took it off the market; it works wonderfully.  This price is way too expensive.  I think they're capitalizing on the fact you can't get it anywhere any more.
I had been using this lotion since 2001...and my leg hair is baby-fine, noone can even see the hair after I havent shaven for a week or more! its so expensive because these lotions are getting hard to find.  Granted, this is not a five uses and see improvement type of thing.  you have to go through a bottle or so before you start seeing improvements. But like I said, I only used it after shaving, and my hair became so baby-fine on my legs, even after not shaving for over a week, it was hard to tell there was hair there at all.  And it grew slower. This isnt a short term fix, its a longer term solution.I wouldnt buy it at its current going-rate, but I just wanted to give a thumbs-up to the product itself.
I have used this product and I really liked it and would continue to buy it but it has been discontinued and I am really sorry to hear that.I can't believe someone would sell this lotion for $40 a bottle .....that is the most ridiculous sale I ever heard of and I hope no one will buy it just because they are capitalizing on the discontinuance of this item.  What a shame America!I have bought other products online that were discontinued and never had to pay more than what it sold for in stores.  I just can't get over this - unbelievable - that someone would do this to the American public.
I have dark, coarse, hairy legs and this stuff really works.  It takes a while to start working, but I've really noticed a difference.  It makes it so I don't have to shave as often and my hairs seem less noticeable and I don't get in-grown hairs anymore.  I would highly recommend it.  My only complaint is that it doesn't smell nice.  I know other people must like it because I'm having a hard time finding it in any store.  It's always gone from the shelves.
shave inhibiting lotions were popular 10 yrs ago but i haven't been able to find any in stores or online. i loved this jergen's version and am on my last bottle :(
This product is the best skin cleaanser. It is the best for dry skin. I am spoiled and can't use anything else. The smell is so wonderful the whole family can use it. It is not sweet or perfumie. It smells heathy and gentle cleansing. Skin does not feel dry afterwards. This is a great product. The pump bottle is the best one to get.
my mother swears by this soap, and after trying it, I bought some myself...great stuff!
Love this product.  I shower with it every day.  Will definitely buy it again.  Wish I had found it a long time ago..
I have always like this product, since I first tried it over 40 years ago.The service from the vendor was excellant.  Since just a little bit, when mixed with water as you shower goes a long way, Vitabath is quite economical.  I gave it as a birthday present to friend, who had used mine and liked it.  The scent of the product is light, refreshing, very sexy and lingers just long enough that someone close to you notices how nice you smell.
I have been using Vitabath for a number of years.  It always makes me feel clean and energized when I have a bath using this product.  I really appreciate it when I am physically tired.  I feel so much better when I use it.  I highly recommend it for anyone.  Male or female.  It is indeed a great product, and it does not dry out your skin.Because it's been on the market for such a long time, I don't have to worry about it being discontinued.  It does not leave a residue in your bathtub, either.
It's just magnificent for my skin, it has a divine aroma!  What else could one want. Although its pricy it lasts a long time! I use it in the shower as I don't take baths, but it works so well.  I think anyone would love it!
I have been enjoying Vitabath for about 37 years!  It is my absolute favorite.  I prefer the spring green because I love the fragrance, so clean and fresh. Makes my skin feel marvelous and it is great for shaving legs too.. If you have never tried Vitabath I know you will love it!
Wonderful bath experience.  Refreshing and delightful.  Feels good on the skin.  Not drying especially since I am a Senior.  Leaves a wonderful aroma in the bath room as well as on your skin.  Can us sparingly and produces wonderful lather.Does not loose its feel throughout the Bath.  The smell is pleasant and not overwhelming as often scented soaps/gelees are.Glad I found it.  Thanks Amazon for your choices.Bernardine
Have been  using this since the late 1960's.  Love the refreshing feeling after using the gel in the shower and it does not dry your skin.
I have been using this for like, 35 years! It has a lovely fresh scent and is nice to my skin. It also makes the bath and nearby rooms smell great too. While it does seem pricey, it far outlasts any of the other body washes and gives you aromatherapy to boot. Two thumbs up and a towel snap!
This isn't my favorite scent in Vitabath which I've used  for years but it does have a clean, fresh scent which is a change from time to time. My favorite is the Plus For Dry Skin scent.
Seen this size sold for much more in stores, so was a good buy. This smell is so refreshing and smart. The product in Europe is Beddess, or something like that, and is hard to find.
I've used Vitabath for about 35 years now, and still love it.  I've tried other bath gels, and keep coming back to Vitabath. I don't travel without a small travel size. It makes my skin feel so clean and moist after a shower.  And smells GREAT. I am a fan of Original Spring Green.
I rate this product a 5. Makes a great gift for your special someone.I have use the bath & shower for years.
This is the only bath gel I use for a bubble bath. It softens the water and smells out of this world. A little high in price but well worth it. A little goes a long way. Best H.G.
The item was a gift for someone who likes Vitabath.  I'm very pleased with the purchase for two reasons.It's not available in stores any longer, and it was a great price.  I  bought the Vitabath through Amazon.com.
I have been using this bath gel since I was in college decades ago. i love the fresh, clean scent and the bubbles. It is still my favorite after collecting a whole shelf full of gels
These products, both the shower gelee and the moisturizing lotion, are absolutely fabulous!  Great fragrance and makes you, and  your bathroom and other rooms, smell so fresh and clean after you shower using the gelee and apply the lotion.  I have used the shower gelee for years and never get tired of it.  I always request it for birthdays, etc.  Tried the lotion this time and really like it, too.  Great products!
My grandmother used to use this product and she would give me this shower gel at times. I love the scent and the lather it produces. A great product and a great price!!
I don't use anything else for bath. Fresh, woodsy scent, never dries out skin and takes a very small amount to lather up.  Wish they would sell a candle and room spray in this scent. Just be sure to choose &#34;Original&#34; Spring Green, they sometimes have sold a new green scent.
greatest bath gel ever.
Great product.  For an old guy it makes my skin feel great and smell great.  Great smell and easy to pump.
A favorite bath product from the 1980-1990s but unable to locate in stores (in Los Angeles) for more than a decade. A GREAT body cleanser with a refreshing, lively scent that leaves me feeling good and ready to begin my day.  A downright must-have product if you enjoy a wake-me-up, but relaxing, silky feeling kind-of-shower. I generally need only a one-pump measure of Vitabath on my shower pouf to cleanse from neck to toes; very concentrated. The pine-like scent is heavenly! I am glad to make my re-aquaintance with Vitabath on Amazon.com. Try it for yourself! Enjoy!!
Not much to say - it's the classic Vitabath "Spring Green" scent which was based off the German bubble bath, Badedas.  Vitabath is a great product and if I cannot find or purchase a reliable source of Badedas, this is my shower gel of choice.  It smells wonderful, washes off clean, and is better for the skin than any mass-produced American product I have ever used.
If you like the smell of fresh evergreens buy this gel. Not only does it smell wonderful, it leaves your skin soft and fragment.
I love Vitabath. It smells absolutely amazing! This was a huge, generously sized bottle. I saved quite a bit vs purchasing from Ulta.
My mother, too, was given a small trial size and she didn't care for the scent, but I went so crazy for it that I even saved the packet long after I'd used every last drop of it!If you love the smell of the forest and like fresh, clean scents, this is the bubble bath for you! I have been a devout fan for over 30 years; I never tire of it. The bubbles last forever and I truly can't think of a more refreshing scent. The other Vitabath Spring Green products don't seem to match the outstanding scent of the bubble bath, so I've just stuck with it.This is THE bubble bath for a long, cozy soak. ENJOY!!
I am extremely happy with Vitabath. I've used this product for 30 years, will use it till I die and will now order from Amazon.com. Thank you
The most aromatic bath gel available. I could never find another as good even the fancy expensive ones at high priced gift stores or health stores. So I've gone back to this old reliable bath gel that never disappoints.
Refreshing, revitalizing and so natural.  I've used the product for years and found it increasingly hard to find in retail establishmemts, so I searched on line and found it through Amazon. The Spring Green is my favorite. My skin is very sensitive, but needs moisture. You'll love it.Sensitive in Seattle
quite happy with this classic for my daughter-in-law. it's such a great product and the purchase of it through amazon made gifting easy.
Have been using this product for over 40 years...excellent!  Love the scent and how it makes my skin feel.  Pricey but worth it.
I used this product on my granddaughter when she was a very young child.  She is now 26 yrs. old and would continue to use it herself if given to her as a gift-she cannot afford to buy it for herself.The fragrance is distinctive and pleasant.
My aunt always had this in her shower many many years ago and I always loved the scent and the way it made made my skin feel and it has not changed in all these years, it will be a staple in my shower for as long as they make it.
I have been using this product both personally and professionally for over twenty-five to thirty years. I am a professional, licensed pedicurist for nearly thirty-three years, and in my judgement this product helps to prepare the skin of the bottom of the foot to have a proper serious pedicure.Especially, when removing the hardened dry and dead skin, the foot after soaking in the VitaBath for twenty to thirty minutes allows the process of shedding the dead dry skin with the proper tool, to be accomplished with no trauma to the skin in anyway. The pH of the foot's skin is never jeopardized.I will continue to use this excellent product as long as it is available.Best,Marilyn LaMonte
Love it love love it makes me feel great!  Thick, just a little goes a long way.  Try it you will like it.
The product came in a special package. It is just as if I paid $40 in the dept. store. I have been using this product over 20 years. It's my favorite shower and bath gel! I recommend it to anyone who loves a beautiful scented shower or bubble bath that doesn't leave a ring around your tub!
I adore this shower gel. I ADORE IT!I have super-sensitive skin, so I tend to have to use fragrance-free products for my skin--Aveeno, Aquaphor, Cetaphil. This, however, is one fragranced gel I can use and NOT itch or get a rash.On top of that it cleans so well without stripping the skin unduly. It leaves you feeling miraculously fresh and the scent is this perfect green-herbally smell (reminiscent of the original green scent of Herbal Essence shampoo back in the seventies, which was my fave shampoo scent).I also like that the pump is a good one. Even on the big bottle, it doesn't clog up or malfunction. At least, I've never had one go bad on me, unlike some other pump bottles for hygiene/shower products.Because it's a tad pricey (but worth it for the quality), I use this not everyday, but on my workout days--that is, right before going to Pilates, I shower with this, because it totally keeps me smelling nice without perfumes (verboten at the studio) and I don't get stinky, even after an hour of sweating it up.A gorgeous product. And at this sale price, I'm psyched! :)(They also make a "sugar scrub" in this scent that is wonderful for a very light, non-irritating scrub of the feet and elbows.)Mir
This is my favorite body wash - it smells so fresh.  I haven't been able to find it anywhere except online - so glad I finally found it again!
Reward TimeA lovely way to end the day after a long day 's work.  I am so happy to find this product again.
We spend 6 months every year (now that we finally retired) at our vacation home in the South of France......I know, "what a life" you must be thinking to yourself. I couldn't agree more. While my husband and I worked our butts off for 45 years, a 2nd home in France was always our dream, our goal, our raison d'etre. We realized our dream in 2000. But enough about us, right?One of my friend's in France is absolutely HOOKED on Vitabath. She's a MAJOR bathtub-soaker person - wouldn't THINK of taking a shower, non, non! Ever since she discovered Vitabath here in the States, years ago, you'd think it was caviar on toast with a flute of champagne. She's crazy about it. Because she can't buy it over there, I bring her a great big new bottle of the stuff every year when we go back to France for our Spring / Summer / Autumn stay.That's my story, and I'm stickin' to it.
For awhile I couldn't find the item. Then by accident I was delighted to find it on Amazon. This bath and shower gelee smells like you are in a wonderful forest. I have been using this product for many years. Enjoy!
.......been using Vitabath Shower Gelee/ Spring Green for years....I've been been clean & green and would NEVER use any other soap!
When I was growing up in the 1960's, my mom received a small bottle of Vitabath as a gift.  She didn't like the fragrance, but I went nuts for its clean, fresh, woodsy scent.  She let me have the bottle, and I have been hooked on the scent, the bubbles and how clean it makes me feel ever since.  I have incredibly sensitive skin, and anything like Aveeno or Eucerin shower gel makes me rashy.  Forget about Dial, Zest or any Bath and Body Works stuff!  Not Vitabath.  I can use it as a bubble bath and not even have to rinse off in the shower after my bath.  I put about ten tiny drops on my shower pouf every morning, and it not only wakes me up but keeps me fresh all day.  Most men like to use it, too!
I've been using this product for decades and am willing to put out the extra effort to get it
Vitabath is very good on my skin when I shower.  It is getting harder to find it in my local stores.
This is it.  The first bath gelee in the original scent.  For a blissful feeling of CLEAN, the refreshing scent of pine cannot be beat.A shower or bath, with Vitabath Original Spring Green leaves one clean, moisturized and renewed.  I love the generous bubbles for washing off true grime following a session of gardening, and the feeling of cool even on a hot, summer day!  I buy it in as large a container as I can, and keep it in the shower year 'round.
Will be ordering again, as soon as I finish what I have.  Thank you.  Hope I can continue to find this product through Amazon.
Makes me feel so clean and refreshed! Wish it wasn't so expensive as its a real treat I give myself in between other body washes
My grandmother has been using this for as long as I can remember. I'm not partial to the fruity, flowery, etc. shower gels that smell mostly of chemicals. This has such a deep, earthy, almost woodsy fresh smell that's so comforting. My boyfriend loved it so much he buys it now. It's much cheaper on Amazon than in stores and the 32-oz. bottle lasts me forever. I'll keep buying if they keep selling!
We just love the scent of this product and always have one on hand.  Of course it cleans well but most important it lhas a nice aroma when you get in bed.
This was originally recommended to me as a product that left no ring around the tub.  I started using it in the shower in the late 60's and found it cleaned me beautifully without leaving my skin dry.  It's economical, it works, it's pleasant smelling and it's just really nice.
This has a fresh smell that isn't overpowering and seems to help with skin that tends to be on the dry side.
Sometimes the tried and true is the best. I first used Vitabath Gelee, Original Spring Green when I was in college and nothing I have used since that time has remotely come close. This is the best shower wash, bar none!Originally a European concept, Vitabath was an exotic indulgance back in the '60's when it was first introduced in the US. Americans who had traveled to Europe had experienced Badedas, a German made, bright blue shower and bath gel that contained horse chestnut extract and smelled like a Happening in a pine forrest.Badedas Rich Bath Gelee OriginalBack in the '60's most Americans considered Dove soap to be an ultimate indulgance. Paying good bucks for a "shower gelee" seemed a bit over the top and quite sophisticated.When Vitabath Gelee became available in the US, those familiar with Badedas jumped to it. Many have copied it. I guess you can say it was the first soft soap!But really, it's much, much more! Men and women love it and use it.It's a bright green gel that when mixed with water, lathers into great luxurious clouds of bubbles.The smell is unisex and absolutely devine! If you are put off by the pine association....relax! This is nothing like Pinesol. It's totally yummy, delish. Close your eyes and imagine yourself in a Norwegian wooden sauna.....soft patchouli, rosewood and floral pine. A fragrance that manages to be energetic and relaxing, senusous and bracing, masculine and feminine. A perfect combination of Yin and Yang.The gel contains Vitamins A, D & E and botanical extracts such as horse chestnut and sunflower oils and lanolin to soothe and condition the skin.It cleans quickly and rinses easily. The skin is left soft and glowing and lightly moisturized.Vitabath makes several versions, some more moisturizing than others.Vitabath Moisturizing Bath & Shower Gelee, Plus For Dry Skin, 32-OuncesSpring Green is the original and is not as deeply moisturizing as some would like. I have dry skin and I find Spring Green to be wonderful.....but it must be rinsed off the body!I have a friend who used Spring Green for a bubble bath (it makes a great bubble bath!) but neglected to rinse the soap from her body after bathing. She was quite unhappy with the product because she found it drying....and it will be if left on the skin. If you only take baths and you don't like to rinse after, this is not a product for you.One of my favortie uses for Vitabath Gel is to use it for shaving. Its a perfect shaving gel that smells great, washes clean and provides a smooth, slippery surface for the blade.A product that has been highly recommended and I have tried is the Olay Body Wash Ribbons (various versions) with glucosamine.Olay Ribbons Body Wash plus Body Butter Ribbons, 18-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3)Its good. It's much less expensive. It's just not Vitabath! Vitabath Bath & Shower Gelee Spring Green is totally, absolutely great! Its well worth the price.
I have the RVS 1102. It works real well, just put in the stated amount of water turn it on and voila! It's great, the only downfall is that if you wanted to put in a Facial Tea Bag ([...]) you can't...the water section is too small and the cone won't fit on top of it once it is placed inside.Otherwise, I have no complaints.~Ms Ebon&eacute;e
I used Citre Shine for years, and then it disappeared from store shelves.  I found it online easily for several years, but this was the last time I was able to find it anywhere.  I wish they would bring it back.  The manufacturer produces another pomade that is substantially similar and marketed under a different brand name, but I really wish Citre Shine would bring it back.
I have used this product for years, and I love it. It provides great frizz control without being greasy. I won't use anything else.
This light, water-miscible pomade is excellent for hold and shine. The fragrance is pleasant and ephemeral so there is no annoying, lingering perfume to follow you like a suffocating nimbus.
This gel is the best on the market...keeps constant shine for 24 hours.  Does spike your hair pretty good...smells great......would definitely recommend this product.
This is the only 'hair gunk' my husband will use. Unfortunately we can no longer find it in the store. Thankfully we can still buy it online. He loves it, it's light and yet does it's job. Highly recommend.
Great service and prompt shiping. Product arrived in a very short time and it was great.I will defenitely buy again fromm this seller.Thank youRobert
I enjoy using these every night.  They clean my face very nicely, and then I put on my cream.  My face is very soft after that regiment.
It really does last quite a while, depending on what you do, and if you use a base and top coat, on average it lasts about a week.it has a freshly polished , kind of wet looking, for the first few days.The colors are very bright and cheerful!It would be nice if amazon showed the colors, but you can look at them at the maybelline site ([...]) to get a sample of the colors.The price is quite cheap for a name brand.
JUST GREAT! THIS IS MY SECOND TIME ORDERING FROM SAME SELLER. DEFINITLY GOT MY MONEYS WORTH. THIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLANT. DONT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT BEING IN THE RAIN.. ITS PRETTY PERMANENT
Unlike a lot of astringents, this is a "toner" with little or no alcohol, so there's no need to rinse off after application. It's meant to be left on. I have combination skin, that tends to get a little dry in the winter (as a man who shaves, I need to moisturize after shaving in the morning), and this toner miraculously treats my face properly after washing at night, before bedtime -- no moisturizer required.  It has a pleasant, unobtrusive fragrance, too (sort of citrus-y, but not overpowering). (For summer, I useZia's Ultimate Toning Mist for Normal/Oily Skinwhich goes on a bit lighter, better suited for warm, humid summer nights.) Sometimes in winter I'll follow this up with Zia Herbal Moisture Gel (which I think they've discontinued), an oil-free gel that does a fantastic treat for my skin, repairing the damage of shaving and exposing my face to winter winds.The sprayer is very effective, easy to spritz just enough on your face and conserve the toner.The price may seem a little high for 4 oz, but this is Good Stuff, lasts a while since you're only misting it on your face, and comes in a very attractive glass bottle. I'm pleased to find it on Amazon as the local, affordable "health food" chains have suspended carrying Zia. If you have skin that's sensitive to other astringents, give this a try.
Worth the money and has lasted.  I love this iron use it everyday and still works wonderfully.
The item was Just as described. It heats up very fast and is ready in no time. My hair stays straight all day long and it also takes the static out of it. LOVE this item :)Thankyou very much :)
I bought this straightener after one of my friends straightened my hair backstage at a play. I really liked the way it looked and how managable it was, so I decided to buy one of my own.I have thick, wavy hair, and this straightener worked great for it. It heated up fast, stayed hot, and straightened quick. My hair would actually stay mostly straight for a couple days, and would only go back to being really wavyish after I washed it.Unfortunately, after a couple years of use, it started smoking for no reason I can discern, and I don't feel comfortable using it anymore, so now I'm in the market for a new one. I absolutely recommend it.
It heats up fast, temprature ranges from low, for fine hair, to the highest tempreture for thick and kinky hair. Affordable and arrived a week after my order. Recomended for all hair-types.
It is a good product and all the information set by amazon was the same when I got received the itemthe product is original and amazon services was so good
I've been looking for a way to straighten my hair for years, well with this product I finally found it. One thing though, I would not recommend using this straighter on your hair while your hair is even a bit wet or  damp. Let it dry completely. It will only take a total of 10 minutes. Also, when I did put a conditioner on my hair before I did it, it still was kind of fuffy. But when I did my hair after it totally dried and put nothing on it, the product worked beautifully. Well, use your own judgement, but either way, the product works great. I strongly recommend buying this product if you want to straighten your hair.
I bought it thinking "ok so why not try another one?!" I have several straightening irons at home and they're all ok, but ot much more than that: it takes me about one hour to somewhat straighten my hair.So, imagine my surprise when it now takes me 20 minutes to fully straighten my hair!  I highly recommend it to anyone who's short on time and/or patience; and who has tried other straightening products before (such as chemically straightening: this iron gives me better results than chem. straightening and is much less damaging.)
Bought this for my little sister when she went off to college and she has loved it. Great product for a great price.
I bought this flat iron to replace one that I had for years but broke. My first one was 1", and I certainly prefer the 2" one. It has been working as described; it is smooth and does not sticks to my hair (fine, wavy, dry/frizzy).It heats up quickly and you can adjust to different temperatures (from 1 up to 25 - I use 15) and it has a turbo on/off button.It is convenient that it has a dual voltage (you don't need to set it - It adjusts itself) as I travel to countries using 210-220v. Although it shuts off automatically, I always make sure it's off when I finish using it, but it's good to have this feature in case I ever forget.I am pleased with this purchase and hope it will be long-lasting!
I've owned several different straighteners in the past, but I must say this is the best one I've used to date.  It heats up quickly and won't scorch your hair.  It actually left my hair very shiny afterwards.  Also, at $20, it's a steal!
On the way out of a store to go to another store to buy a $150 straightener I'd been researching, my husband suggested trying a cheaper one first.  He said if it didn't work, he'd return it and I can go on and buy the expensive one.  I washed my hair last night... let it dry while I was sleeping and plugged the straightener in this morning.  In 15 minutes I was done and my hair was beyond perfect!  My husband is rarely right (don't tell him), but this time he was right on!!!!  It rules!  I'm so excited.  I'm actually excited to go to work tomorrow!!  I highly recommend!  If you follow the directions... it shouldn't pull at your hair!
Excellent product.  Heats very quickly with adjustable settings. Maintains set temperature.  I plan on using for a trip abroad, will give those results as well. This reliable flat iron worked perfectly overseas.....heat quickly on both currents.  Very sturdy and helpful tool for smoothing very curly hair.
Fast shipping. The straightener works very good, even with my difficult hair. Would recommend to everyone!
First i was kinda worried about getting this product. Im a guy with short hair, but its kinda wavy and puffs after a shower. i needed a hair straightner thats thin enough to grab my hair and allow me to control it, and thats what this product did. now i luv my hair more and last longer with a longer hair do without having to worry about not gettin my hair style right.
This works great for the price. I love it. My hair is done in minutes cause it heats up quickly. Use  both voltage so whether I'm home or not, I can plug it in and do my hair.
i recieved this product a while ago & i was anxious to use it after i read all these great reviews on this site.  it influenced my purchase of the straigntening iron.  i must say, i was not dissapointed.  my hair is very course & very curly.  i was surprised that this straigntened my hair after passing my hair thru it only once.  with other straightening irons, i had to pass it thru over 5 times before i even began to see parts of it start to straighten.i wish i had found this product years ago.  would have saved me a whole lot of bad hair days.  i even used it on my sister & cousin's hair.  they both were stunned at how their hair looked.  my cousin said she now has movie star hair.  its true too.  it didnt dry out my hair at all or leave the ends of the hair looking like 'what the heck happened there'.  i had shiny straight movie star hair.i just might buy one or two more of this straightening iron for my friends & just to keep as a spare.  its just that good.  its not difficult to use.  read the instruction booklet.  & given proper use & care, this should bring me (& you)  great results for a long time.
I loved this product. it is easy to use, it works in Europe and it is really cheap.
Works great. I needed a 2nd flat iron for a trip, and always liked my other Conair appliances. I went with the wider model, and like it better than the smaller one I've been using at home.
This flat iron is amazing. Its well worth the price. It is a little curved and it makes a big difference when you are straightening your hair because for some reason it glides on easily...making your hair silky smooth.
This is my first flat iron and I've had it for about a year or so now. At first, I had a little trouble using it as I'd never used a flat iron before, but now that I've had time with it, it's really great. It smooths my hair perfectly and makes it super-shiny even on medium heat. No burning either nor split ends..The key to using this product to the max is to do the hair in sections. Clip your hair up in sections and work from the bottom layer up. You can't take too much hair up in it or you won't reap the benefits.Also, thanks to this product, I don't have to use a curling iron. The size of it makes it easy to flip my hair or creat cute little curls.
excellent product arrived very quickly and is of good quality.E probe and had very good experience with it. I recommend
Serves me for 2 years already, traveled with me a lot, and never disappointed! My hair are curly and very very airy-fluffy. This straightener doesn't of course give you salon effect, it's weaker, but definitely gives you a more cared look, shiny hair.The biggest advantage I must say is the option to turn off automatically after 60 minutes. It saved my time (and probably the apartment as well) once when I forgot to turn it off and commuted to work which is 1.5 hours away from my apartment!
I LOVE this iron. I have been using the same one since 2003!!! Daily!! I personally think this does a better job than a CHI. I like that it has wide plates and it glides right through my hair, makes it super shiny. Love the handles, easy to grasp and manuver through my hair quickly. People will say it's not as good because the plates are only ceramic plated. It has not damamged my hair at all and it has a wide range of heat settings to accomodate anyone. Buy it, you won't be sorry.
My hair used to be straight, but a few years ago, it started to get curly.  Within a few years, it was full of curls and was prone to frizz from rain and humidity.I tried every shampoo and balm that promised to "give me the hair science didn't," but had no luck.  I finally decided to get a flat iron.  I chose this one because of the positive reviews on amazon.com, and couldn't be more happy with my decision!The Conair Hair Straightener heats up in 30 seconds and is very quick to staighten my hair.  It takes out all of my curl, and leaves me with soft, smooth, straight hair.  I don't even need hairspray to maintain the style - it stays straight all day, even with snow and rain.I've had this for a few weeks now and can't live without it.  I love having straight hair again; my only regret is not getting it sooner!  If you're looking for a hair straightener that's quick and leaves your hair super silky, pick up the Conair CS19CS!
I thank you for sending my flat iron I having used it yet but it looks exactly like the picture and it was sent fast
~~My hairstylist said I'd never have straight hair unless I spent mega $ on a professional straightener.  Well, she was wrong!  I got this straightener about 6 months ago and I love it!  I have very curly hair that is past my shoulders and I couldn't believe how smooth and straight it was after using this straightener.  For once I could actually run my fingers through my hair without running into tangles!~~I have very small hands and scrawny little arms and I did not find this straightener bulky/heavy/awkward.  It didn't get caught in my hair, heated up quickly and stayed at a constant temperature, and I didn't even burn myself (I am super klutzy and was expecting some injuries, haha).  However it does get VERY hot at the highest setting and I found that running my fingers over my hair as I straightened it was not really a good idea.~~I'd never straightened my hair before, but I found that practice and paitence are important... don't expect a miracle from just running it over chunks of your hair quickly (like I did the first time, lol).  It takes me about 45 minutes to do my long hair.~~I don't straighten very often so it is not damaging to my hair, but I can't speak for everyday users.  Definitely invest in some good hair products to protect your hair.
I suck at straightening my hair ,so straight hair useD to be a Dream that came true every time I went to a hair salon :)) but with this proDuct,I Do my entire hair(I have really long & full hair)in about 10 minutes!!! I've seen some reviews saying about how it stopeD working after a week or so,so I'll upDate my review if such thing happens to me,but for now I just LOOOOOOOVVVVEEEE it!
This purchase was the best I have honestly ever made. I love the size of it and it goes really hot and has a turbo mode on top of that. The 60 minute turn-off feature saved me so many times from when i forgot to turn it off. If you use hair protector spray, the edges of the heated part may get a little brown, but you can wipe it off. Its been working for over a year now :)
i had an expensive flat iron that was great then it died and so did my money :(so then i went to the store and bought this one based on amazon reviews and it IS GREAT! I would give it 4 stars because it only lasted me 2 yrs then i had to replace it but really for $20 average price who cares - the old one actually still works too but it just got stuck at the closing part you had to push it open and hold it closed with your hands which was a pain ..so i still have that one too - just for an emergency- im a pack rat) but that expensive one from Sally's went straight to the trash because it simply stopped heating up - so my $100 was a waste (and my HUGE mistake was not keeping reciepts and boxes) but if i spend $20 every 2 yrs thats fine this product is worth it and it is the ONLY flat iron i can find anywhere with the comb attachment on it that really makes a HUGE difference on my tangly curly hair!!!!!
I purchased this for the dual voltage to use last summer specifically for an overseas trip to the Mediterranean.  It worked like a charm.  The width of the plates makes your work a lot faster.  I don't use this on an everyday basis, though so I don't know about longer term hair condition as others said.However, for the price and the dual voltage, it's great!
I have naturally wavy hair and have used this flat iron for several years.  Its wonderful.  I can't believe people are throwing away money on the $100 "Chi".  This straighter has adjustable heat and heats quickly.  Don't waste your money on anything else.
I chose this rating because this is a great product. It heats up fast and is wide enough for my long hair. With this straighter it doesn't take as long to finish my hair then other straighters I've owed. I would recommend this for anyone that uses a straighter on their hair.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR A 5 STAR CUSTOMER SERVICE. I COULD NOT BELEIVE I RECEIVED MY ORDER ON A SUNDAY AS PROMISED. I REALLY LOVE THIS FLAT IRON, IT'S GOOD QUALITY. I AM SO VERY PLEASED.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR REALLY GREAT SERVICE IN EVERY ASPECT. I ORDERED ON FRIDAY AND RECEIVED SUNDAY. WOW....BETTY
This Conair Flat Iron is awesome. It was my first and only flat iron and it works so well on my curly hair. I have very thick curly frizzy hair and when I use this flat iron my hair comes out looking smooth and shiny and straight!!! My hairstylist recommended OPTIONS by framesi WAY SMOOTH stop frizz cream and I use the frizz cream right before I straighten my hair and the combination is amazing. My hair is frizz free and straight! Once you straighten it could last for weeks! I've had it for years now and I have no problem with it and it works just like new. There are various settings you can choose from to accomodate different hair types and best of all it has an auto shut-off! I highly recommend this product!
I decided to get this after reading the reviews.  All I can say is AWESOME.  Now I can shower the night before and run this through my hair.  It's straighter and shinier than I could ever imagine!  Worth every penny... and more!
I am amazed at all the detailed comments on a ceramic hair straightener for a little over $22. So, Ok, I have a pony tail and that sucker does straighten it quite well. Maybe if I had a big ol' bouffant it would be different-whatever--This straightener works for me and works for everyone who uses it (don't ask...). Go spend twice or more on one if you must but I have no idea why you would. This unit works and most of us agree. Some people should join a chat room to discuss their preferences on hair products I suppose. If you want a good straightener, then buy this one--If you don't, go spend more for a professional one--I don't care. Fast shipping, excellent price and thanks Amazon. I'm outta here~~
I have naturaly wavy hair and I love my bangs straight. One swipe with this and they were perfect. It is light.Good heat adjustments. I could use it anywhere on my hair(Which is short,but not super short.)
It's very easy to use and heats up quickly. The plates are smooth and warm the hair very efficiently. It leaves my hair smooth and shiny. Cannnot beat it for the price!
This iron gets very hot fast. I have thick and wavy hair and it only takes me about 20 minutes to get my hair very straight. It is also very comfortable and easy to hold. I would recommend this to anyone.
I tried another brand, but it didn't work nearly as well as the conair.  The conair heats up amazingly quickly and seems to minimize the styling damage to my already coarse hair.  This straightener is now one one of my must haves for getting ready for the day.
I have had 2 of these straighteners and I am about to purchase my 3rd one! It is the only straightener that hasn't damaged my hair and could keep my hair straight all day! I honestly don't know what I would do with out my straightener! I have used this straightener for 6 years and I have NO intentions of ever changing! I did once and I learned my lesson!
I have thin naturally curly hair so getting it straight isn't the problem - getting rid of the frizz is my problem.  I haven't used a straightener in years and I bought this one because of all the great reviews.  It heats up quickly, smooths my hair and removes all the frizz. I have gotten numerous comments on how "silky" my hair looks.  I found the detachable comb to be more trouble than it was worth.  I liked that it held my hair as it straightened, but it was too hard to get my hair into the straightener with it on.
It's the honest truth!  I've searched high and low for a reasonably priced way to straighten my hair.  I have naturally CURLY hair, but am blessed enough to be able to get it to straighten with some help.  I usually have to blow dry forever, use some sort of product to smooth it out and then go over and over and over with a straightening iron or big barrel curling iron.  This iron gets my hair silky smooth usually in one swipe, but at most two. I can have my hair looking awesomely straight within ten minutes, whereas it use to take me twenty to thirty.  It also doesn't leave my hair feeling like straw or looking fuzzy afterwards, which is a huge bonus.  I am SO happy to have this iron and even am thinking of buying another one, just in case this one breaks down the road.  You won't regret buying this iron!!
I have had this iron for over 6  years. It still works great. It leaves my hair perfectly straight with little hassle. I would never pay $100+ for an iron since this one works so great.
This straightener is awesome. I have very think wavy hair and was afraid it wouldn't be able to get the job done. I have used my friends staighteners which were way more expensive and this one does just as good as a job! I was so happy with the results. If you don't have a lot of money to spend on a straightener but want great results, this is definately the one to get.
I SO LOVE THIS PRODUCT I WENT AND BOUGHT THIS SAME HAIR STRAIGHTENER AT WALMART FOR 15 DOLLARS...AND I HAVE THE MOST PUFFY FRIZZY CRAZY HAIR U EVER SEEN AND IT TOTALLY MADE IT SMOOTH AND SHINY..ITS LIKE IT WAS NOT EVEN MY HAIR ..I DIDNT HAVE TO KEEP MY HAIR PUT UP ANYMORE! PAYING 15 DOLLARS IS ALOT BETTER THAN PAYING 100 DOLLARS FOR THAT MAXIGLIDE..WHICH I ALMOST DID GLAD I DIDNT WASTE MY MONEY..SO I TOTALLY SAY THIS IS THE BEST!!
My first few flat irons were cheapies from Target and a few years ago I got converted to expensive tools from high end beauty stores. I've been using those religiously, but recently my last one broke........and I was broke. So I went to the drug store up the street and bought this one mainly because it was on sale and I got an extra discount with my rewards card...And OH MY GOODNESS this thing rocks! I showered and dried my hair and used this like normal, but late on a weeknight since I wasn't sure it would make my hair look good. Now I'm wishing I had somewhere to go because my hair is so awesome. I have NEVER EVER been able to replicate a salon blow out at home, even with expensive products and tools....until today. ONE pass over my hair and it was soft, shiny, and straight. I absolutely cannot believe I've been spending $50 or more for flat irons that didn't give these kind of results.I have very course, frizzy hair and am always trying to find tricks to fix that. Apparently, the secret was a $20 Conair flat iron. AMAZING.
This straightener is awesome! I have very fine but frizzy hair. This straightens it in no time, plus NO DAMAGE!
I have tried many straighteners before and nothing does the job like this one. I absolutly love it. Heats up in only a few minutes and gets the job done.
I'm actually surprised by the reviewers that said that their product broke down in one or two months.  I've had mine for almost a year and it's operation is still outstanding.  Here are the highlights:1) Temperature control is perfect.  I have fine but unruly hair so the metal iron I used before singed my hair constantly.  The adjuster really works for this product (not just decoration) and I haven't had the problem of burnt hair since.2) This heats up fast.  Again with a metal iron it would take 15 minutes to heat up and would consistently cool down making the whole straightening process take an hour.  This takes about 3 minutes to heat up and a minute to reheat.  I straighten my hair in 15 minutes now.3)  Ceramice plates in general are better for your hair.  They won't damage it as much and I've found they are more effective also.  My hairstyle will stay all day even in high humidity (provided I have an umbrella).Definately worth your money!!!
This straightener is the best!  I've tried other ConAir flat irons, but this one is the easiest to use.  The 2" plates allow you to put a decent amount a hair through and the little plastic teeth help to keep them in place (not to mention you aren't constantly brushing your hair!)  I have thick, long, wavy hair and with this straightener I'm done in 15 minutes!  With other flat irons my hair falls out of the plates and I have to go over the same spot over and over again.  The cool-touch tips are great too, I don't think I've ever burned myself.  I love this one so much, it's my second time buying it.  The first lasted about two years, after that it'll take a little longer to heat up and the heat doesn't stay as consistent.  Well worth the price for me.  I can't imagine using any other straightener.  I strongly recommend it to anyone!
I recently bought this hair straightener for my mother after it got rave reviews from my girlfriend. I have never used this hair straightener (hair is too short, I am a guy, etc.) but the common impression that my mother and girlfriend have given is that this is the best hair straightener anywhere near this price.In terms of durability, my girlfriend has had this model for over 3 years now, and it looks as good as new whenever she uses and she has never complained.So in conclusion, two women have said this model gives them the best hair straightening they can get, in the salon or out, and it is very durable. 5 stars.
You don't have to worry about setting the correct voltage for this iron.  The unit automatically sets to the correct voltage to prevent burnout.  Works great!
Bought this for my GF. She likes the product and especially wanted it from the conair brand. Because she had previous positive experiences with the conair brand products.
I have had mine for 5 years and it still gets just as hot and works as well as a new one. I purchased this one for a friend at work. She had the $129.00 designer one (I can't remember the brand) and it died on her after one year. She loves this one and says it works better than the other one. I highly recommend this product!
I've had conair straighteners in the past, but this one REALLY works...My hairdresser says my hair strands are thin, but I have a LOT of them, which makes for very thick fluffy hair, even when I use a round brush...this straightener keeps it stick straight all day, and i can wake up the next morning, spend 2 minutes on the ends, and have it last 2 days...I give it 5 stars, I am thinking about buying another one for a backup!
This is a FANTASTIC flat iron.  I have never had a heating product that worked as well as this one.  It deserves all of the rave reviews. This is exactly what I had been searching for.  It heats up very quickly, in less than a minute! It takes your hair from frizzy to SILKY STRAIGHT! The price is awesome for such a great quality.  If you have been searching for the perfect flat iron, then buy this one.  You will not regret it!
I was skeptical about purchasing this iron at first because I purchased a ConAir iron when flat irons first came out (when you had to put water in the steamer part) and it was horrible. I read all the good reviews, though, and I have to say that I am really impressed! I have crazy curly hair and this iron REALLY WORKS. I have had 5 different irons and this one is by far the best.
Works great!
I've always wanted to get a nice flat iron, but couldn't afford the fancy salon ones.  My husband bought the 1" Conair for me a few years ago and it worked pretty well, but I think my hair was too thick and long to use it anymore.  The smaller one is nicer for thinner hair or touch ups.Part of me wasn't sure about buying this product, but based on all of the good reviews and for the great price, I ordered it.  The first time I used it, I was amazed.  It worked so well and I have thick frizzy hair.  At first I figured, eh my hair will frizz up again when I go outside (lived in WI where it's humid).  But even after using it in the morning, going out all day, going to bed and waking up, it was still just as flat as it was when I first did it.  My next test was going out dancing at a club for 5 hours which causes my hair to get super frizzy.  My hair stayed flat all night.  And it doesn't take a long time to use.  There is a temp setting that you turn based on what kind of hair you have, and for me with shoulder or just below shoulder length thick hair, it takes me about 10 minutes to use.  I have used it on dyed hair and it seems to not cause any more damage.  I would suggest using a hair product you apply before using the flat iron, just to help protect your hair.  Also you might want to use some kind of shampoo/conditioner designed for heat treated hair or something that puts a lot of moisture into your hair.  I blow dry my hair, dye it, and use this flat iron and my hair seems to be pretty healthy with all I do to it.I have had this product for about a year now and it works just as well as it did when I first bought it.  I now live in WA and even with all the rain it works great for the most part.  Yeah, if my hair gets too wet from the rain then it does frizz up, but that happens after a shower too.  But for the most part, I love this flat iron and it still surprises me sometimes at how well it works.  Now I can have more modern hairstyles and look more professional at work.  This flat iron works so well especially for the cost.
This hair straightener is EXACTLY what I needed: inexpensive, reliable, high enough temp, and easy to use. It's funny b/c it is so lightweight that you almost think it's going to be a piece of junk...but then when I used it I was pleasantly surprised. I would say the best two things about it are 1) The curve of the device, it makes it easier to use and more effective. and 2) the temp. it can be heated up to, I was concerned about this b/c I have coarse thick hair that is naturally wavy. However it gets plenty hot enough to do the job. I would recommend this :)
I was told you need to spend a lot to get a decent ceramic hair iron. I thought $21 was too good to be true, but believed the raving reviews. Well, they were right! I am completely untalented with fixing hair, but was able to use the iron on my first try to get fabulous results. It only takes 5-10 minutes to turn my unruly shoulder-length hair into a sleek mane half-way down my back. I have received lots of complements. It's given me a whole new look.No need to spend a lot--this iron rocks!
This was one of the first straighteners I ever purchased - it worked fabulously but eventually the plates had some brown product build-up from my straightening cream and I decided to try something new. I tried many different straighteners and NONE of them worked as well on my extremely thick wavy hair. This is the only straightener I have found that works on my THICK hair. And it works so fast too! I just run it through once and my hair is perfect. The best part is that this straightener is cheaper than most of them out there - (hint - you can find it at Target for $19.99). It is big and bulky which may bother some people but I think it is well worth it for the results it delivers. Those sleek tiny 1 inch straighteners don't do anything on my hair! If you have thin short hair, you might not need something this large and powerful, but for us thick wavy hair girls, it is AWESOME.
Conair at the end of the day, the best hair stylist products at affordable price. Recommended 100% easy to handle and to store.
The fifteen year old girl to whom I gave the Conair straightener has hair that reaches her lower back, and it curls tightly.  She has yearned for years for a straightener that would not damage her hair and allow her to wear it in styles hitherto impossible.  The ceramic straightener did all that and more.  It was easy  to use and has made her very happy.  (The styles the hair straightener has made possible also make her appear more mature.)  It was her favorite Christmas gift.
I used a friend's $100+ flat iron and was tempted to buy one of my own.  I was skeptical that for less than a third of the price, this Conair flat iron could work as well, but my wallet and I are glad that it did!  The only down side is that this iron is a bulky-sized for handling and traveling.  Otherwise, it works fabulously!
This is so easy to use to accomplish the straightening of my hair.  And it is compact enough for travel!!
well at frist i was skeptical about this straightner coz i heard that wit scissor straighteners ur hair usually gets caught in the mechanics...but besides the occasional lost hair...it works realli well...nice heat settings...and cool attachments...good job conair!
My hair used to be waving and unruly, but after I used this straightener the difference was amazing!It also suprisingly, made my hair appear silkier and softer.My friend who has insanely curly hair tried this straightener, and her hair was straighter than it had ever been!  She even had her own $100 professional straightener that was hardly as good as this one.I'd give this item 6 stars if I could and I recommend it for everyone! :)
So, here's my story.  I have bought the Conair hair straigtener/crimper/waver one before last year.  I used the crimper and waver and they were pretty useful but I hate when my hair is frizzy and awful.  I used the straigtener and it gave me bad results.  I have thin hair by the way, and last Christmas, my aunt gave me a Wigo flat iron.  That flat iron worked pretty well but now it's like 6 months old and it stopped working.  Then the other day, I was telling my mom to buy me a new one and she did and she bought this Conair flat iron in a store..  It's actually really good.. no frizzes... sleek hair... shiny hair... This is what you want for those girls out there.
i was slightly reluctant to buy this straightener after reading several bad reviews, along with some great ones, too. i decided to buy it, because with such a low price, well, who wouldn't? so far, i've only used it once, but it was so great, i couldn't believe it got a single bad review. it straightened my thick hair perfectly in just a few seconds, and i only had to iron each section of my hair once to get it stick straight. it took less than five minutes total, and my hair feels smooth and soft. this works perfectly! it would make a perfect gift for anyone!
we have been using it for 3 years now and it is working great. I got this awesome product for $20 bucks back in 2011
I received the product in time, good service, and I am so happy with the product is excelent to dry the hair wet or dry and is fast and easy. fully recommended.
and to think i thought i'd have to wear my hair in a messy-bun for the rest of my life! you see, i have frizz-prone hair that sometimes and in someplaces is curly, and then in some is almost straight. so i thought i was cursed, and doomed- but no! i bought this iron, and wow! what an awesome job! my hair is silky and smooth.i love the heat settings (1-20), and i leave mine at about 11, and it does the job for me. i also love the safty-grip on the tip of the iron, so you can press the iron together on both sides as you glide it through your hair. i also love the comb plate which i leave in, and it grips wonderfully without snagging or breaking my hair. then, when i get to the top layers, i use the boar-bristle comb, and it adds an extra bit of sheen.if you've had a bad experience with a straightener before, do yourself a favor, and try this one. you'll get great results, i promise.what can i say? i just love this product!
Love this iron better than any of my more expensive brands. It makes my hair very soft and silky. Plus it has dual voltage that is why I bought it.
I have bought multiple straighteners and none of them worked as nicely as this one. I usually wait 5 minutes for my straigtner to heat up, so it's really hot when i choose to use it and it now takes me only 15-20 minutes to straighten my hair! I have hard to straighten hair so this straightener was a HUGE relief! thank you Conair for making an awesome straightener!
..Heats up quickly..No abnormally long cord..Big paddlesIt works well. It really does. Worth every cent.
I wanted a simple, easy-to-use flat iron without having to spend over $100.  This flat iron is perfect.  It has temperature control so you can get it really hot if needed.  It also turns off automatically if you forget about it, which is great.  I would highly recommend this flat iron.
I have natural out-of-control curly hair and I have it straightened in a salon. The hair looks too straight so I use this hair iron to make some natural curves at the end of the hair. This hair iron is easy to use and heat up fast. Within minutes, I have already made natural and lasting curves on my hair. I cant wait to try straighten the hair when the natural curves come back! Besides the size of this hair iron is perfect, not too big but good fit to my hands. Love it!
I was a touch hesitant buying this iron. I was pleasantly surprised when I tried it! All I have to say is I love this iron! The only nuisance is that the cord is a bit short. Other than that I'm glad I bought this!
This straightener works like magic. I purchased it after using one that belonged to a friend. And another friend of mine has purchased one after using mine. Works for many hair types. My hair is very thick, has medium courseness, and usually dries slightly wavy. One of my friends has thick course hair (she is Chineese). My other friend has very thin and fine hair. It works great for all of us. I prefer not to use it everyday because it can be damaging. However, one of my friends does use it almost every day and it does not appear to have damaged her hair at all.
I bought this same model years ago and lost it only due to my dropping it (several times) on our tile bathroom floor.  This little straightener works magic on my very wavy bangs every morning.
Super easy to use and the scissor-type format makes flat ironing super-easy and effortless.  My first one died on me when the plates stopped heating up.  Not sure if it happened as a result of moving or if it just wore out but I rushed to buy a replacement the same day regardless. Love it!
My wife used this in Amsterdam, Belgium and France along with an adapter, no need for a pricey voltage converter.
A very good product for the price. This is the second conair hair product (the other one is for making curls) and I have been very satisfied with both of them so far. Heat very quickly and the 2" wide iron works very well. I strongly recommend this product for those who have fussy hair and want to make them straight and shiny.
I have EXTREMELY thick, curly hair. This thing works. I've never been able to straighten my hair myself --  until now. Highly recommended!
This flat iron works really well. I have relatively thick and long asian hair and this flat iron managed to make it stick straight, unlike some of the irons I've used. Although it's a 2 inch flat iron, it actually gives me huge and bouncy waves. You can find the video on YouTube by searching curling hair with a 2 inch flat iron.I would totally recommend it for it's price. I used this flat iron in Singapore and really serves the dual voltage function well.
Bought this for a friend here in Afghanistan and it works good as advertised at 120V or 220V. Looks nice too.
for the past few year have used Bespoke T3's both regular and wet to dry.  assumed it was necessary to pay over $100 for a decent flat iron.  my hair is very thick with a lot of wave and cowlicks, shoulder length, bangs, choppy cut.  i use an argon oil thermal protector.  bought this as a back up flat iron for a trip since it has auto shut off.  first time out of the box LOVE IT!  hair looks better than it has looked in a long time.  will choose this one over my T3's even after i return from my travels.  at the price it's an absolute steal.  oh, if i have any criticism at all it's that the cord is a bit short but not a problem for my needs.
Oh my God ,it is so good, it makes my long hair very smooth, and in the mean time it keeps my hair volume as it is. All my old  make my hair thin , and I get annoyed. This Conair Flat Iron 2" Ceramic  Straightener  is much better than the expensive brands. And I Im lucky ,because it is dual voltage as I m living in New Zealand 230V . it really  worth . Thank you AMAZON.
I wanted the straightner's for my holiday in the states ( visit most years due to family), knew nothing about Conair when I ordered them and have to admit for the price didn't think they would be to hot, but what a fantastic surprise.  They are great to use, and just as good if not better as they have fat paddles compared to my others here in the UK.  Since returning home have been looking in UK and sadly not found them here.  Thanks for a great item would recommend.
Do not waste your money on expensive straighteners! This thing is amazing and literally heats up in 30 seconds! great for your roots.
My wife's older straightener was on it's last leg so we looked around and found this one. She likes the adjustable temps and the wider plates.  A great value and a happy wife... who could ask for more?
I've had this flat iron for over five years now and it's just now on its last legs.Everyone knows that FL has killer humidity and I have seriously thick, coarse hair - previous irons I had didn't work at keeping the frizz at bay.  A couple hours after straightening my hair it would be puffy like I never ironed it.  I was so desperate - this iron was my last resort.  It turned out to be the best iron ever!  I love the wide plates - it speeds up my straightening time and it stays consistently hot - no wait time for rewarming.I would DEFINITELY recommend this iron to others. I just bought my 2nd one!
I have a natural wave in my hair.  My hair is extra thick too.  Never in my life have i been able to get my hair soooo stick straight! This baby is awesome and I think it would rank right up there with those expensive flat irons.  The iron heats up fast and works very well.  This is the straightest I've ever been able to get my hair. I got so many compliments on it the very first day!
I bought this a few months ago and haven't looked back. I haven't straightened my hair since high school about 7 years because I dreaded the 20 minutes it takes to do it. I had an old Conair straightener/curler and the curler function didn't even work.I threw that out and I no longer use the blow dryer to straighten. It takes me on average 5 minutes, as few as 3 minutes. It's much faster if you wait until your hair is fully dry. You can adjust the heat from 0-30 and it has a turbo option. It truly does heat up in 30 seconds. My old Conair took 7 minutes to heat up.I saw it at CVS for about $20 and decided to check the reviews online. I actually paid less for it online and got free shipping. Perfect solution to straightening hair in no time. I don't have to keep going over the same section of hair because it usually only takes one time in the iron.Highly recommend!
I really like the wide width of this iron.  It heats up quickly and gets plenty hot.  I am so glad that it shuts itself off after an hour so I never have to worry if I forget to unplug it.  It has a range of temperatures plus a &#34;turbo&#34; button.  I don't have thick, curly hair and use the highest setting so I can't comment on if it would work on that type of hair.  I am in Europe right now and it works just fine withe European voltages.  I am very satisfied with this iron, especially for the price!
If girls want to look fancy and with style, I recommend to buy this product for your hair. Good quality
I took it to Europe and with the appropriate adapter it worked like a charm. Not a bad hair day!
This is the first straightening iron I ever bought, and I've had it for over five years.  It works really well.  It adds shine to my hair and straightens it nicely.  I can't get the pencil straight look that my hairstylist gets, but it gets rid of the frizz and adds shine to my color-damaged hair.  As my hair grew longer, I bought a bigger straightening iron that was a total waste of money.  I used it a few times on a few different settings, but it didn't give me the results it said it would.  So, I went back to my trusted little Conair.  I have a good feeling that I'll keep this little thing until it dies.
I'm actually impressed by this iron because I've never trusted in iron but my niece's grandmother uses an italian iron (but expensive) and she told that her hair always was beautiful and that because it was ceramic it would not damage my hair. I bought this one and I was shocked! It heats up quickly and it leaves your hair totally straight and shiny. Now I live in the Caribbean and in this kind of weather my hair is between straight and curly, so when I don't use gel or something to make my curls well done, my hair doesn't have any form. But with this iron, I just love. I don't like to use the hair dryer or the blower anymore.I'm very impressed with the 1 star reviews because it has worked perfectly for me. My guess is that the first ones that came out to the market where defective and also it's recommended that you don't use this iron for more than 30 minutes. Products that generate heat are very delicate and should be used with precation and be treated carefully.
I have naturally straight hair that tends to get puffy/frizzy when it drys naturally and wavy right in the front where its short.  I used this for so long that I actually wore the ceramic off after 3 years and now I am going to buy another.  It leaves my hair smooth and soft and only takes a once over.  It has never failed me and gets hotter than some straighteners that cost way more.  Its definitely not for people who have extremely curly wavy hair; its more of a maintenance straightener for people who need a little extra help.  I bought it for 13$ and now its 16$.  Still worth the money though!
Works in less then 30 seconds! This flat iron is fast, and fabulous! Light weight, and easy to use!I highly recommend it for very long hair!
I bought this for my daughter to bring to Europe since her knock-off CHI only worked in the U.S. Now that we are home I can't even tell which iron she is using; they both produce the same results. I wish I had bought this one to begin with!
OMG!!I've been using this flat iron for over a year now, and it still works like a charm!  And for the price??? Amazing :)I wash my hair as usual and apply a product from "Bed Head" to protect my hair from the heat of the blow dryer and the iron.  Blowdry my hair dry and then use the flat iron to give my hair a beautiful, straight and shiny finish.  I have very thick, coarse hair and it's always been really difficult to find an iron that works well and doesn't damage my hair too much.  Lets be honest, heat isn't the best thing for your hair :)  And I staighten my hair on average twice a week and it looks great.Would highly recommend it to anyone!
I purchased one of these straighteners for my daughter for Christmas, after reading the favorable reviews from other customers.  She loved the way this worked, and so did my younger daughter who kept taking it from her to use.  Subsequently purchased another one.  It's not often you get a product that really works for such an inexpensive price.
I don't think you can find a better straightener for this price.  Ceramic plates are a MUST!  It heats up fast and is effective on my wavy hair.  Make sure you go for one with the comb attachment, otherwise if you have fine hair like me, it might just slip through.
Hey everyone this really does work! You know how with the other straighteners you have to do one strand of hair like 20 times? Well this one did it perfectly the 1st try and it wasnt even on the highest temp.! I'm not makin this up at all it really wworked great! And im SOOOOO glad i got it before i go  back to school! I hope you all get it! Its the best one out there!
I wish I would have bought one of these a couple years back when I started growing out my hair. And to think it is pretty cheap too. Wow.My hair looks great now! I feel a lot more confident about myself and more happy with my hair. Doesn't get rid of all the frizz but that's what frizz lotion is for, right?This is really easy to use...the comb pick works wonders, while I wasn't too impressed with the bristle pick.Still, my hair has never looked this good and I owe it all to this gizmo. If you have long, wavey and/or unmanageable hair, pick up one of these today.
I love this little straightener that packs a giant punch. Small handy size allows for ease in traveling and I think it does as much or more than larger products.  I get a sleek, shiny look in minutes.
OMG! this item is probably the best thing you could ever get! i have super wavy and thick hair, and with one stroke, my hair was flat, shiny, and smooth! it heats up within a minute which is awesome in cause you're in a hurry...i'm just speechless...if you want a straightener, GET THIS ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Bought this for my wife and she liked it. Got it for a very good price from Amazon.
I have long, fine hair with a natural wive that turns frizzy after washing. After ages of fighting for a straight look by blow-drying it straight (and never getting the desired result), I finally saw the light and got this straightener. It works great! Fabulous.
It met all my expectations, excellent product. Easy to use and light. Totally reommendable for those who want to have good quality for a reasonable price.
Just got this as a birthday present from my daughter, who has been straightening her hair for years and is quite the expert, and I am thrilled with this product.  Nice wide plates work on large sections of hair at a time which is perfect for those with long, thick hair like me who don't want to spend an hour on their hair.  Multiple heat settings - this baby gets HOT!  My hair was so hot when it came out of the plates that it hurt my hands!  My hair is very curly and it usually takes me at least three passes to get the curl out, but with this one it was basically completely straight on one long, slow pass.  Nice and sturdy, and I love the finger rest on the end so you can use two hands to work.  No need to spend tons of money on an expensive straightener; this one does the job!
I have had problems with humidity frizzing and curling my hair for years, this straightener totally solved that!  My hair is very delicate and I could never use straighteners before, but this ceramic one is great!!
Don't waste your time on expensive straigteners - this is the one you need. With the attached comb that untangles hair as you glide the straigtener through, you get the smoothest look possible without paying an arm in a leg. This little guy gets super hot and is the most effective tool I've ever used. I actually returned a CHI one time in lieu of this Conair.
I used these on my daughter's hair and they worked great. Not to hot, just enough heat to press her hair and make manageable.
I have thick, long hair with a wave in it. I've tried just about everything to straighten it (and I don't care how good you are with a brush; straightening your hair with a blow dryer is impossible.)This thing WORKS. Wow! Heats up fast, glides through your hair like a dream, and the result is impossibly shiny, stick-straight hair!I can't recommend this highly enough, esp. for the price. A true bargain!
I got these for my daughter (15) to replace Infiniti By Conair BC176R Pro Styler, Silver which were a return item due to potential fire hazard.She loves them and so do I.  They get very close to the root like a hot comb.  We are in the process of allowing all the relaxer to grow out.  Let me tell you ladies:  She looks like she got  a fresh relaxer yesterday.  Smooth and silky and her hair never once snagged on the plates.
I LOVE this product and bought two of them here to stock up - then I read the bad reviews that the picture was deceptive and what was shipped didn't have the comb attachment. I thought I was going to have to return them, but they had the attachments!!!For those who haven't used this item and are intimidated (it feels awkward) about the comb/brush attachments, or just can't see any purpose in it, the comb, when on the downside while ironing the hair, combs it straight down for the heat of the flat iron to do its job well - without repeated use. Without the comb attachment, it works as well as the best regular flat irons, but with the comb and used correctly? Awesome!
This product arrived fast and was in great condition! Works awesome! Straightens even the toughest hair!
I have very curly hair. When I was a child it came down in ringlets. I have tried other conair straighteners in the past and even though it did the job it left it frizzy, even  the older model that uses steam. I took a chance and bought this one months ago and let me say IT ROCKS!! for all those with naturally curly hair will know what I mean when I say nothing makes it smooth but this does. Highly recommend it!!!Update: I have had this for months and love it but I decided to try one of the newer ones with Tourmaline so I got CS31T The infinity ceramic with tourmaline 1"..Tried it this morning and its awful. I did a few stands on one side with the infinity and a few strands on the other with the one rated here and the infinity did nothing but frizz even on the highest setting and it was double what the instant heat cost. So don't waste your money on a more expensive one. The CS19JCS instant heat is only $20 and works GREAT with silky straight results. Still loving it and going to buy more for back up..
she says it is better than any straightener she has ever had and she has had salon expense straighteners. thanks.
I have previously bought CONAIR Model CS19FCS for my friend in India, who loves it, because CONAIR Model CS19FCS could straighten and shine her Curly, frizzy, unmanageable hair, beautifully. Soon, her cousin got to taste the same result for her hair (with Model CS19FCS) and wanted to get one. Since CONAIR CS19FCS was not available from AMAZON, I chose the next best CONAIR Model CS19VCSR, which is seen in the picture , for her and shipped to India.I am so positive, Cousin would love it, as this model is an enhanced model than the previous one.I , very highly recommend CONAIR Model CS19VCSR and or Model CS19FCS to any one who wants hair to look like Barbie !Thanks AMAZON for the quick delivery.
Much more expensive straightners can be found, but this one meets my needs quite well.  It heats quickly yet the exterior surface doesn't burn my hand.  I like how it is slightly curved as well, so I can grab hair closer to my head  more easily.
I love this. Glad I bought it, it makes my hair so smooth along with the Kertain smooth products, it is awesome.
About two years ago I got a straightener by Conair almost exactly like this one. Over the past two years I've used it 2-4 times a week and it's never failed me. I have VERY thick hair and the size is perfect. I always put it on the highest settings but I've never burned my hair or myself. Rarely it frizzes, usually leaving my hair soft and smooth. I'm getting a new straightener only because I need one that works wet and dry, although I'll continue to use this one if it's needed. This is a great straightener for all hair types and great if you have thick hair.
This is one of thee best straightening irons ever. I've owned about ten different brands & models and have been straightening my hair since the crimper (ran that bad boy right through). I bought this because I often travel and work in Korea. It works like a champ. I even use it over my CHI and FHI when I'm at home. It's great for medium to long hair; run it through ONCE and your hair will be bone straight! It's also light weight and easy to use. It's a great deal, especially for the price, I am so happy!
This is an amazing product!!! I had been using a basic hair straightener by conair for years that never quite did the trick (I have thick, wavy hair that tends to frizz), and this product is 100 times better (being able to adjust the temp really helps)! Do yourself a favor and save tons of money by not buying a more expensive straightener. I actually had borrowed this straightener from a friend before deciding to buy it and it works just as well, if not better, than a $80 straightener another friend of mine owns!!! I never thought my hard-to-manage hair could become so straight! I love it!
Good, great, love it! Good, great, love it! My hair is fabulously awesome and beautiful! I like it a lot!
I couldn't be happier with this purchase.  I have been using it for half a year now and it still works great and does an amazing job.  It heats up fast and my hair runs through smoothly, leaving it soft and shiny.  I highly recommend it!  It's so inexpensive too!
I usually do not style my hair after washing because I am very impatient and hate perspiring from running the hot blow-dryer.  My results from blow-drying with many expensive straightening serums or creams were never totally great, and my hair was still a bit frizzy.  I have thick, long, wavy hair that gets frizzy in the Florida humidity, and blow-drying takes me 20-25 minutes and is so cumbersome.  I would usually wash my hair and throw it back in a ponytail, and styling my own hair became the norm for me only for special occasions- until now.When I first got the Conair straightener, I washed my hair in the morning, let it air dry, and then later in the evening, I tried the straightener.  It took me only about 6-7 minutes to straighten my hair to be smooth and sleek.  It was so easy!  (I did not find the straightener to be cumbersome at all.  I made sure I brushed my hair to get out any tangles before straightening.)  It's been two days since I straightened my hair, and it's still smooth and straight, even with the humidity!I absolutely love this straightener!  It's also great for those who want to put finishing smoothness to their hair after blow drying.  It heats up quickly with adjustable heat, the comb helps hold hair tame when straightening, and the results are fantastic!  The Conair Straightener is a must-have for those of you who want beautiful smooth and sleek hair FAST!
I have almost straight hair, but I was sick of it bein curly AND straight, I used it for the first time one day before school and it took me only 10 minutes, and I have THICK hair! Also, my Mom's hair is CURLY and I do mean CUUUUUUUURLY! It took me only about 20 minutes to do hers, and its just as thick as mine, if not more. This product is awesome and is worth the mere wat. 20 dollars, i paid for it!Lauren Finis
The item was exactly what we wanted it works well and does the job of straightening my wife's hair well
My daughters and I have tried several other "flat iron" straighteners, including other models by Conair, but this is without a doubt THE BEST available. This flat iron is easy to use and efficient. Its design is excellent and, unlike some other Conair models, it does not cause cramping in the hands. Highly recommended!
I have been through a million curling irons.  One problem that I always have is that it is not hot enough.  This iron is PERFECT! It gets very hot and it works great.  You do not have to spend a fortune for a good straighting iron.
Conair Instant Heat Dual Voltage Flat Iron 2&#34; Ceramic Straightener CS19VCSR...gift for a teen who love it. word word word
I have a lot of very thick, wavy/curly hair.  This straigtener warms up quickly, works on the first pass and leaves your hair feeling luxuriously soft and straight.  Works even when the weather is damp and rainy, I highly recommend this item and the price cannot be beat!!
for the longest time I have been suffering with trying to duplicate what my hair salonist does with a blow dryer and a hairbrush and I could never do it!  My hair is light, easy to manipulate but reacts to any slight change in the weather.So a lot of times I'd go into work with extremely frizzy and/or ugly wavy hair.  But now using this flat iron no more!  Even when it rains or is really humid it doesn't get all frizzy!  I love touching my hair during the day now to feel how smooth and silky it feels.I ordered this one based off of all the great reviews, and it was cheap!  Now I'm adding my own raving review!  This is a great product, I recommend it to anyone.  It takes some getting used to, but once you know how to handle it, its great!
I read alot of reviews about this particular straightener. It seemed that everyone was in agreement that it worked very well. I bought one for around 18 dollars, and was SO shocked that it worked dramatically better than a 150 dollar model i hade purchased a year earlier. I have very thick and long wavy hair, and this made it stick straight after only going through it once. ITS AMAZING! My hair has never looked like this in my entire life. I didn't think it possible, but I have pin straight hair! THIS THING IS AMAZING!!
When I started college in 2002, I had just begun to learn the wonders of the flatiron. I have always had long, thick wavy hair that's prone to frizz. One of my dorm neighbors had this very flatiron, and keep in mind this was over 5 years ago. I used it once, and was amazed with the results. I went out and bought my own a few weeks later. The model I bought is almost exactly like this one, only there isn't a turbo feature. Regardless, I am still using the same flatiron to this day. It has lasted through being dropped, borrowed and used almost every day for over 5 years. This is unheard of for a flatiron. I don't know if this model will last as long, but I think it will. I am looking to buy one for my neice for Christmas, and perhaps get myself a new one, just for the new features! Anyway, before you go out and purchase a HAI or a CHI, give this flatiron a try. It's amazing!Note: I borrowed a friend's CHI flatiron a few months ago, and it was HORRIBLE. It didn't straighten my hair at all. She paid 100 dollars for it, and the track record on those things is just under a year. Very overrated if you ask me. They certainly don't live up to the hype.
I recently cut my hair in a short bob (above my shoulders) and was trying to style my hair with the straightener I already had which is 1 1/2&#34;. I know I needed a much smaller plate, this straightener is perfect. I use it for not only straightening my hair but also making beach waves. Heats up super fast and works really great.
I did not want to pay $50 for a ceramic flat iron, but I wanted the high quality. Since I had used Conair appliances in the past, I decided to try this one. This product was designed for easy handling. It heats up in a couple of minutes, and does a fantastic job on medium to coarse hair. I would suggest that you start with a lower setting first.
unless you have really frizzy, curly hair, this little flat iron is perfect. my hair is really thick and wavy, and it still worked great on my hair. it's also really teeny tiny so it's so portable. loves it. i can't believe it's so cheap, it works as well as the new one my sister got, which was $50! wth?
It works great.. at least for my wife :) you can't beat the price, and it works really good!
I bought this product for my daughters!!! What a great article!!! Before this Ceramic Hair Straightened they where using a hair dryer and it was to noisy and it consume so much more WATS!! The Heat Ceramic Hair Straightened is quieter and faster also their hair are very straight and they look prettier!!
I have had this iron for probably 4 years now and it still works perfectly! I don't use it too often but everytime I do I get a lot of compliments and people are surprised when I tell them I don't use any special products or a ridiculously expensive iron!I live in a very humid place and I can be outdoors for hours without worrying about my hair getting ruined after an hour (like with the old-fashioned irons). I have considered getting a CHI but I am wondering if I even need it, because this one does such a good job on my long, thick, wavy hair. I can't review other brands because this was the second iron I ever bought (even then it was a bargain probably $29.99) but I definitely recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money but wants to be happy with the results!
I have bought so many of these irons and never had any luck. My step-daughter came to visit and I tried hers and loved it. So when I saw this one for sale I bought it. It works great! My hair will stay straight for several days . I have also noticed that when I do wash my hair and dry it, it drys straighter too. I would recommend this iron to every one!!
This straightner is very good, i already have one and buy this one for my sister......i recomend it
I've been using this flat iron for about 6 years now. I've only replaced it once. I use it anywhere from once a week to 5 times. The comb attachment makes this a winner in my book. It helps to straighten my hair even better! I haven't really used the other attachment.There are many settings, which is a plus! I've only found my hand messing with the dial a few times at first. But not anymore. It's a big flat iron....not one of those small skinny ones. So it'll take a few uses to get used to it. But once you do, it's a breeze. Since I have very long hair, it works well for me. Makes straightening very fast and has proven to last a long time. Forget buying the ones that cost $50-$150! This is one right for me!If you're looking for a big flat iron that is durable, this is it!
My hair is so curly, i tried so many things to straighten my hair, i came across this ion and i m so amazed.  Fast heating and my hair is straight and smooth it looks so healthy. Everytime i wanna straighten my hair i just use a heat protector spray to keep my hair healty.  Its the money worth. Price is great the product is great.
I bought this iron over 2 years ago and it still works great.  I have thin hair, and use this both as straightener and curling iron.  I have no complaints, only great looking hair.P.S. I only paid $15 at Target
It heat fast like in a minute, works really nice on my hair, I definitly will buy another, the only thing is that the electricity cord is not so long, it is short.
Item as described.  Giving as a Christmas gift so haven't tried out yet.  Very sleek and attractive looking. My step-daughter will love it.
I have a-little-past-shoulder-length, curly, blond hair.  I have bought numerous straighteners to try to make it straight, and this is the only one that has truly worked.  It stays straight when it is humid, and it has these neat combs that attach to it.  The boar bristle one makes hair shiny and the comb untangles hair for the fastest straightening.  It heats up in no time flat.  Straightening my hair used to take an hour or so.  Now, it takes 15 minutes.  I let it heat for a minute and it is ready to go.  It has up to 25 heat settings, too.  For convenience, I leave mine on 25.  It heats up the fastest and takes the least time.  With other straighteners, I have had problems with product buildup on the plates, affecting the heat distribution.  This one does not have one single speck of product anywhere on the plates.  I am a teenager and I don't have a job, so I watch my money and how I spend it.  This is the best money I have ever spent.  I higly recommend this product!
First of all let me start by saying I have naturally wavy, frizzy out of control hair. Plus, I have tried so many straighteners and they all don't do the job they intend to do. Until now, I have struggled with trying to straighten my hair with many straighteners. They always look good once I leave the house and then as soon as humidity or moisture comes around I am a huge frizz ball once again. I have been to so many family gatherings and people tell me how gorgeous my hair looks straight and then an hour later look at me like what happened to her head. Until now, I recently bought this Conair ceramic heater and was amazed and shocked to see that it so easily straightened my hair and it remained straight. My frizzies are gone and my hair looks awesome. I was sceptical about purchasing this item because it was on the cheaper end until I started to read the reviews. Now a month later, I am one of those reviewers raving about this straightener. It is definitely worth trying and I promise you that you won't be disappointed. It definitely will pay for itself over and over and the comments you will receive from others will blow you away. Thank you so much for such a wonderful product Conair that everyone can afford.
I purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas.  She is 11 and her goal is to get her hair as STRAIGHT as possible!!!!  This little gadget does the trick!  And...it's pretty, too!
I bought this hair straightener for my sister and she loves it. My sister shares it with our neices and they love it as well. They have their own hair straighteners but they prefer this one.I have tried it myself and it really works. I bought 2 expensive ($100+) professional hair straightener and the conair hair straightener gives the same result.I bought it about a year and half ago and it still works great.
I have been using hair straighteners for a long time and apart from another conair product that final died on me one day, this has been the best straightener I have found. The heat is right, it is 220 volt compatible, I tried it myself during a trip to England, the size is appropriate and light weight and somehow doesnt make hair flat like my previous straightener did. The only thing that I would have changed about this straightener is the width, if it were wider, larger sections of hair can be done at one time. Overall, a great, portable product that works efficiently. Must buy!
This heats up quickly and has a nice adjustable setting for the temperature.  I have dropped it many times and it still works great!
I love this thing.  I blow dry my hair straight with a barrel brush then run this flat iron over it.  It plates are nice and wide (2") and it heats up fairly quickly.  It doesn't fry my hair or leave it frizzed out.  Worth every penny!
I am impressed with this product. It heats up quickly and makes my hair look sleek!  I have major problems with flyaways and this flat iron takes care of that, I am very pleased!
This is one of those rare occasions you get a quality product inexpensively.  This was bought for a birthday gift and it works great for my daughter and is better built than you might things.  I don't know how long it will last, but at this price we could buy another one.
I bought this item based on reviews and price. i was not disappointed. i have curly thick long hair and it takes alot to get my hair straight. this iron glided right through my hair leaving it no only straight but nice and silky too. i love this straightener and would recommened it to anyone looking for a cheap iron.
works great on my medium heavy hair..smooth n straightens like a pro..great for the m oney
I love this straightener! I live in Vegas and I cant find this in any of the stores nearby. So i bought one that cost me $60 at some beauty store. Lets just say i took it right back. The heat is perfect for my hair type and i get so many compliments on my hair. It makes it so shiny and smooth! Never will i use any other straightener. :)
Every time I take a shower at night, I always wake up to a puff of hair. All I need to do is take 4 minutes out of my morning routine to straighten it and it's back to its old self again! The hair straightener's status light flashes when it is warming up, and stays green when it is finally time for you to start applying it to your hair. It's quick, it's fast, it's efficient, and it's lovely. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for some easily manageable hairdos.
Man, is this thing good!I have thick, wavy, hard-to-straighten hair... which also tends to get frizzy when it's humid.. I've tried a few straighteners out there, and for the price, this little number is AWESOME!Heats up quickly and gets the job done in a quarter of the time that it used to take me with other irons.I just rub on a little heat-protectant serum before using this and my hair stays flat and shiny for a day or two... I HIGHLY recommend it!Save your money for the other good things in life, and ignore the CHIs and Sedus and get this instead!
I have that wonderful, wavy-in-the-back-and-underneath-but-straight-on-top hair (I know, lucky me), and I never even thought about using a straightener on it until a hair stylist did it for me once last year. I was amazed.  She told me that, to get the same look, I'd have to go out and buy a professional straightener for about $100.  Well, I decided to try this one instead and I love it!  I have a lot of hair and I can get it looking smooth and shiny in about 15 minutes.  I'm so glad I didn't listen to her!
I have very curly hair, which I love to wear straight, after trying to straighten my hair once with another more expensive hair straightener and ending up with a scarecrow mop I gave up and just went to my hairdressers to get it blown out.  Decided to give it one more try myself after reading the reviews on this Conair, after all it was only $20.00.  WOW I loved it, my hair looks awesome, this is a great buy.
The Conair Instant Heat Flat Iron is the first flat iron I have ever bought.  I was a little hesitant because I come from the old days of burnt hair from curling and crimping irons. Well times and technology have changed and  I must say I LOVE THIS FLAT IRON!  I have medium to thick slightly wavy hair that has only ever looked good after coming out of the hair salon after a $$$$cut and blow out.  My hair is amazingly shiny and pin straight from using this iron. You can now see what my hair really looks like: shiny and soft with layers. I use it at about a 15 setting and I am never dissapointed from the results. I like the attachable comb(leaves a neat combed section) and the width of the iron. It lets you cover more ground quicker.I have alot of friends that have spent over $100 on a salon quality flat iron.  They cannot believe what I tell them I have spent on mine from Wal-Mart.  I dont know how long it will last Ive had a it about 2 months but for the price and the results Ive gotten so far its definitely worth it.Even if I have to buy one again down the road.
i love this product! its so.. inexpensive and also does a great job! i've this thin delicate hair,i used the least temperature setting on it,and my hair has been straight n shinier since 5 days! Easy to use and works wonders on all types of hair!!
Ordered this for my persnickety daughter and it works well for her. She said it is a little difficult to use the handle or something, but it does the job and was priced right and had dual voltage that she needed in her travels outside USA so she did not have to buy and carry a costly bulky converter.
This is the first flat-iron I have ever purchased and WOW am I impressed.  My hair was pin straight when I was done.  I have shoulder length curly hair and I was able to straighten it very quickly.  It really does heat up in 60sec. I had my doubts but it is hot instantly, unlike my old curling iron. I highly recommend this flat-iron.
i like this iron tremendously. even at very low heat it can make my hair dead straight and doesn't damage my delicate hair.
My hair is thick and has a little wave to it, I've tried everything to rid myself of frizzies and to make it straight.  I used my Conair CS19CS straightener and my hair is absolutley beautiful.  I have a layered cut and now you can actually see the layers!!!  I highly recommend this product for people like myself who wants stick straight hair quickly without a lot of hassle.
I was looking for a small, dual voltage flat iron to take to Europe with me. This one (which I actually bought at Target for the same price) will do the job well. I tested it out today and it worked really well - as good as or maybe even better than a full size flat iron. It's light, and the length is easy to handle. I actually think you can get closer to the scalp because it's small. I like that it has adjustable heat settings and auto shut off. It also has a turbo heat button, but I haven't tried it. I have thick, curly, shoulder length hair and this worked great for me, I'll probably just use it as my everyday flat iron from now on. And you really can't beat the price!
I was looking for a good, yet unexpensive, flat iron and decided to look around the net before having to drive everywhere... Well I came across this one and read all these good reviews about this straightner so I headed out to buy it, got home, and tried it... It worked magic!! Wow - It was great, heated up QUICK and I loved how the small combs work with it. Now I dont have to hold a comb with one hand and iron with the other... I love this and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for good results without spending a lot of money. Try it out for yourself!
I love this Straightener! I have very wavy, unruly hair and this will actually straighten it quickly. I am amazed at how good my hair looks when I'm done. It's also very inexpensive. It's well worth the price. This is definitely one of the best out there on the market.
Heats up very fast and works great with straightening Indian Remy Hair wavy to curly without any problem using the heat setting of 25 with the turbo setting.
I had long thick semi-straight hair & when I ordered this item I didn't believe it would really work as well as everyone said.  Well I was wrong, it worked wonderfully.I recently cut my hair a lot shorter & am grateful I have this flat iron.  Since my hair is short, it flips horribly but when I use the flat iron it flattens out & stays that way.I would suggest this item for anyone who wants straight hair that stays that way all day long.
I always had horrible freeze hair... I look like a lioness most of the time. I have tried more expensive flat irons ($200 range)  and yes they leave your hair a little shinier and less flyaways. But this flat iron cuts the time in half since it is a lot wider and gets hot super fast. for the little flyaways add a little bit of serum and perfect. It is pretty cheap and much easier to replace that the expensive one that my son broke. This flat iron was probably dropped a hundred times and still works perfectly fine. You want durability and to cut the ironing time in half get this product. I love it!
I purchased this hair straightener back in July and have used it every week since.  It heats fast and actually works, especially compared to non-ceramic straighteners I've tried in the past.  I should note,  however, that my hair is thin and relatively straight with a slight natural wave.  This product is able to take out the wave I can't get out by blow drying with a brush.  And, the results seem to last throughout the day.  My only complaint is that it is somewhat awkward to hold and also the "on" light indicator isn't very bright.  I sometimes have to turn the lights out to check to make sure it is on!  Overall, for the price, it is a great product.UPDATE:  I've now been using this straightener daily for over five years, and it STILL WORKS just the same as when first purchased in 2005. One key to its longevity may be that I do not put any product on my hair before using it. Also, I have taken relatively good care of it and store it in drawer, but I do admit that I have dropped it a few times!
This Flat iron is awesome it leaves my hair with an soft texture my mom tried this out and she loves it the shipping was really fast and it was the best $22 i Spend now I can say goodbye frizzy hair
I purchased this product because of the variety of settings, the compact size and the automatic off after one hour. The product arrived as promised and I was not disappointed. It met all my expectations.
My friends spend almost $100 to receive the same results I did w/less than $20.  If it can tame my hair, it can  help anyone.  My hair looks as good as before I had the kids (we all know what having kids does to your hair)....
My daughter had used this iron at a friends house and wanted to purchase it. I was unsure at first, because I have purchased many irons prior to this one. She brought it home for me to use because I have thick curly hair. Much to my surprise it worked!! Now the iron gets twice the work!! I would recommend this iron to anyone. The price is awesome and it works awesome!!
I am so pleased with this Hair Straightener. I see them in the store for over $100.00 and this does everything that the more expensive ones say they will do.  I am very happy with it and would purchase another one when this one wears out.
My wife bought this from  Amazon. She's very happy with it.  It works on all kinds of voltages, so you can take it around the world.  Sturdy, good quality item.
I have several straightening irons to get the kinks out of my frizz-in-the-humidity hair, and I can attest to the fact that high cost does not necessarily mean a better outcome!  A $120 iron sits at the bottom of my closet and never gets use!  This Conair model does everything at a budget price.  It's big, bulky, but it is brilliant!  I absolutely am a convert to having the comb attachment.  I never used them until a new hairdresser persuaded me to try it again -- now I insist on having a comb on the side of the iron -- it's such an asset I don't want to be without it.  I have used Conair appliances before that I was disappointed in, but this one impressed me with its performance.  Conair is good if something goes wrong to just send the appliance back and receive another in its place, and a two year warranty is better than most hair styling electrical tools.  Personally, you could purchase seven of these for the price of one of those high cost models  and have one for  every day of the week.  Also, this has dual voltage, which has been helpful to me.  All in all, you can't go wrong with this iron.  I wish they would make a small version of 1" or less for my short nape hair that was this efficient!
I bought this for my move to Germany. It works amazing! Sometimes it makes my hair static-y but I comb my fingers through it real quick and back to normal. I would recommend this. Also nice because the iron part is wide. :)
This product was for my wife and she loves it!  It arrived on time and well boxed, so all in all a good value purchase.
I have REALLY THICK HAIR that I got permed (BIG MISTAKE). This is the only flat iron that gets my hair super straigth. Its made my hair look really shiny and took out all the frizz. The best part is it only took about 15 minutes to do this. I would say GO AHEAD to any one who wants to buy this!
Have been using it for about 2 years, worth every penny!
I was hesitant at first to buy it, but I thought because it's so cheap why not? It came today. The packaging was weird but cute, the seller gave me a free gift and a 25% off coupon. As for the straightener, it takes a while to heat up, but it works good! (I used to have a chi) other then slowly heating up, it straightens my hair nicely and leaves it softer then my chi did. It's not that much money I recommend everyone to give it a shot like I did!
I have another straightener that pulled my hair - had a comb on it. this one has a comb that you can add whenever you want to. I have long hair, so this really helps. It heats up fast, works fast - no sitting there a long time to get each piece straight, it does it on the first try. there are several settings on it too, so you can get it just a little warm to very,very hot by turning the dial to the heat you want. I highly recommend this product to anyone with hard to straighten hair!
I have bought many straighteners before. I have thick hair and I always straighten my hair at night then again in the morning and still through out the say, my hair begins to kink. But I got this flat iron for my birthday and I love it. I was skeptical at first because it felt cheep, light and that it would suck. I LOVE IT! My hair not only straightened in HALF the time, but it STAYED straight ALL night. All I had to do was touche it up. My hair stayed straight all day. This is well worth 26 dollars. Why pay 100's of dollars for something that will give the same results?5 Stars!
Conair Ceramic Instant Heat 2&#34; Straightener
Very price reasonable and great product. Instantly heats up and works on the hair. I would recommend this product highly!!
I bought a Conair straightener about 6 years ago, and only used it once because it never got hot and failed miserably at straightening my hair. I decided to buy this straightener based on its high reviews and the fact that I'm a fan of Conair curling irons. The reviews were accurate. I have long, thick, wavy hair with a mind of its own, and this straightener works like a charm. I set the heat level to 20 (of 25), which is more than hot enough. It heats quickly and stays hot, and only takes about 15 minutes to straighten my hair. The attached comb works great at guiding my hair through the straightener. I can finally have hair that looks like it was professionally straightened. Disregard negative reviews of this straightener - it lives up to its reputation, and is a really good deal.
I ordered this as a replacement for my wife.  It works just as well as her previous iron, but it is half the price.  She also used it in Europe, and it was fine.
I actually got this for Christmas 2004 (because I asked for it) and I after blow drying my (newly shortened)hair last night I thought "hey, I should use that thing" so I took it out for the first time 9/15/05. It took no time at all to heat up, it gets super hot and HOLY COW my hair looks amazing. Gone are the little frizzies and flyaways. Hello perfectly flipped ends and smooth, shiney hair. I didn't think there was enough different for anyone else to notice, but 9 people have said "wow, your hair looks awesome" (gee, did it look that bad before?) today at work. As I said, I used it last night and it looked just as good this morning when I got out of bed. I didn't even have to brush it, just ran my fingers thru it (I have thick hair that is shoulder length).I highly recommend this one. It will now have a permanent home on my vanity rather than in a basket in the linen closet!
i love this flat iron. it does what it claims to do. the price was great also. my curling iron I thought could b used to straighten by not curling hair around it but doesn't straighten. my curling iron comes on when u plug it in but this product has an on/off setting & I keep forgetting to turn it on (stupid I know)! it also has a good feature that if u forget to turn it off it automatically shuts off.
this straightener works great i have bought other straightener that were more expensive that did not work as well heats up fast and is easy to use my teenage daughters who are very picky love this straightener.
I've never been so excited to leave a review, and in the spirit of giving back to my fellow reviewers you will not be disappointed with this purchase.  I bought this only for the reviews.  I live in an area that is like a heat-box oven 9 months out of the year, and for someone like me who has long, extra thick, naturally wavy hair the humidity is torturous.  By the end of the day I am frizzy like a mop.  I bought a more expensive 150.00 dollar straightner and with just under 3 months use the red paint came chipping off the "ceramic" plates and broke my hair everywhere.  I basically gave up on the notion that anything would work on my type of hair.  I was already doing research on professional chemical straightners knowing full well the risks of damaging my hair completely when I stumbled upon this unassuming 19.97 Conair of all things.  Let me tell you, it is the hottest month in the summer.  It's an oven once you step outside here, sweat, smoldering, unforgiving heat, but my hair Thank GOD stays straight!  I never thought I would say that -ever!  I am so pleased, so beside myself I am going to stock up since they are so inexpensive.  I don't want to chance they will stop making these and I won't have one should something happen to this baby.  It heats up in about 30 seconds flat.  The heat is unsurpassed!  The comb attachment is a miracle worker on my type of hair.  It has never burned my hair even at the highest setting.  It has a super heat setting that is incredible too for those tougher areas, and unbelievably it's still gentle on my hair.  The handles are so comfortable and I have never burned myself with the ceramic plates.  The 2 inch plates are ideal for my type of hair.  For the past 15 years or so I have had to use a hair dryer and roll brush to straighten, and if you've used this method you know it just doesn't last all day.  I cannot imagine how I ever styled my hair without one.  I'm smitten and in love!  I give this my highest recommendation!  Cheers!
I like this straightener cause the plate is really thick and smooth. Bought it cause it worked overseas. Worked like a charm. Very happy!
First off, id like to announce that im a guy. A very heterosexual guy at that. And nothing attracts the ladies like Abercrombie model looks. My hair is super wavy and has a mind of its own. One day it will flip do the left. The next day, to the right. This straightener gives supermodel looks without the supermodel price. It really makes my hair shiny and gives it a nice flow. Women just seem to be compelled to compliment me on my hair since ive been using this. It heats up super quickly and keeps the hair straight all day. If it can work this well on a guys hair, imagine what it will do with a woman-user. Highly recommend!
I bought before one ceramic iron $34.00 and I found this one $19 and it works the same way.
I bought this based on the other reviews, and I haven't been disappointed.  It takes only minutes to straighten my hair and it is soft and shiny afterward.  It heats up quickly (about a minute) and is pretty easy to use.  Good product.
This product works GREAT! Heats up fast and maintains tempurature throughout useage. Leaves hair shiney and frizz-free.I LOVE IT.  My daughters keep asking me to use it.  I will be getting one for each of them.
I think this is a fantastic product, just as the reviews led me to believe. It worked like a charm without burning me or my hair and the price was fantastic. I'm very pleased.
Love this straightener! Left my hair soft, smooth, and shiny. Heats up fast to a great temperature. Extra long cord and 2 year warranty! Be sure to register it online. An amazing replacement for my broken GHD!
This straightener works extremely quickly and extremely well.  I know there is a wide price range for straighteners, and I was at a crossroads of getting something more expensive thinking it would be of better quality.  But I got this straightener instead, just to try the product out.  It works great!The straightener heats up quickly, and you have the choice of straightening "power", so you don't have to fry your hair if it is easily straightened.  It typically straightens my hair with one pass over each section, and my hair stays straight all day (though my hair is pretty straight as is).This is one case where the relatively inexpensive product works great (and maybe even better than the more expensive kinds).
After reading all the reviews on this iron, I decided to try it for myself. What a great product. I have never used a straightening iron, but it was so easy. I absolutely love it. It saves me so much time doing my untamed mane compared to a blow dryer. I have naturally curly hair, and it only take about 10 minutes tops to have perfectly straight hair!
I just bought this straightener tonight (12-18-04), and I have thick hair w/lots of fly-aways! OMG this straightener is so awesome! Only took it one minute to heat all the way up, and it only took me about 10 min. to straighten my hair! It rocks! My hair looks like those in the commercials! Buy this straightener!
This straightener is the best one that I've ever personally used. It straightens my stubborn, curly hair very quickly, and it gets hot quickly. I love this straightener, and I'm glad I made this purchase! :)
I've spent 100's on hair straightener's, and yes I bought the one over $100!  However, it quit working after a few years, and there went my hard earned money.  So ~ read the reviews here and decided to try this Conair model.  Worth every penny.  My hair looks just as good, and after months of useing this Conair model, my hair is still just as healthy ~ as when I used the one I paid $120. for a few years ago.  It gets hot very fast, has adjustable heat settings, swivel cord is a must have, and it's perfect.  Great price, fast shipping, excellent on my hair ~ everyone thinks I paid over $100. for a straightener ~ and i'm not telling.
I read several reviews on amazon.com before deciding which straightening iron to buy. I had considered paying over $100 for some that were "recommended by professionals" but, after coming to my senses, I decided to put my faith in fellow reviewers who liked this product. Believe me, they weren't kidding!I was particularly excited to see how tight of a grip the plates could get around my hair while the smooth ceramic surface prevents snagging and breakage-- my hair just slid right through perfectly. I couldn't believe what a difference it made in the way my hair looked-- so shiny and smooth. I wore my hair down yesterday, after "straightening" it with a big-barrel curling iron, then today after using the Conair straightener-- first thing this morning, my boss said "your hair looks so nice!"Obviously, I can't speak to the longevity of the product, but I'd feel a lot better about needing to replace a $20 straightener vs. a $100+ one. Those expensive irons must either be magic or overrated, because this affordable one is amazing!
This straightener is just right for my hair type. It heats up and the straightening time is cut down by almost a half from what my old straightener used to. The 2&#34; is much better for thicker hair and it works perfectly. It's the best straightener I have owned, and I have owned two previously. This is by far the better straightener around! I suggest it highly!
ConAir's last flat iron was a big fat lemon. I loathed it so much, I refused to buy another one by this company. I went out and spent about eighty bucks for a HAI straighter instead. It's worth every penny, believe you me. But then I tried ConAir's new ceramic straightener. And man, was I floored.I had to borrow a friend's, since I'd left mine at home. What a surprise! Heats up quickly, and hair glides smoothly past the plates, leaving hair not only straight, but shiny. I had gone to sleep with just-from-the-shower wet hair and woke up with a horrible resmeblance to some feathery 70's boufant do. A sweep over with the Conair ceramic flat iron left me with soft, shiny and straight hair in less than 15 minutes. I've had nothing but frizzy trouble since moving to SW Florida, and my hair refuses to go flat without the use of a good flat iron. I'm happy to say this particular ConAir flat iron makes up for a multitude of past sins, and doesn't put a dent in your budget. Comes with 2 brush attachments that slide on the side of the plates. Also features a "power" and "turbo power" button, which I can only assume means "turbo" is volcano-like hot, which is exactly what it felt like.
This straightener with dual voltage was perfect for our recent trip to Ireland--you only need an adaptor to use it.  I love it so much I have continued to use it since I got back home!
This is the best straightener/iron out there! It heats up in under a minute (more like 30 seconds) to the hottest setting and is so wide it takes No time to straighten. Love it!
I believe that any product works great if you take the time to use it correctly. It's neither especially great, nor especially bad. It straightens hair. It does get nice and hot quickly though!
I bought this straightner a couple weeks ago and I love it so much I decided to write a review. It got here super fast and I opened it right away. My hair is very thick and hard to straighten so I assumed it would take about 30-45 mins. to be finished. It heated up in less than 60 seconds and I was pleasantly surprised when it only took about 15 minutes to finish straightning! My hair did not have that dead, fried look to it after, in fact it looked shiny and sleek :) This product was worth every penny of it! I could have bought a high-end straightener and would have gotten the same results! This is my second time using a ConAir straightener and I have to say that I am very pleased. I reccomend this to anyone!
I have been using this Conair Flat Iron for 7 years.  My first Conair Flat iron broke after 6 years due to accidentally dropping it.  This flat iron does the job.  It heats up fast, light weight and even works well when I travel outside of the US.  No need to buy an adapter.  This model is duel voltage. Note!  When using it overseas on 220 it heats up much faster. You will NOT want to keep it unattended.  Nice iron for the price.  The results are great.
Trust me on this one. Especially for $20. When I bought mine almost 10 months ago, it was more and was still a bargain! It was my 2nd straightener. My 1st one would catch my hair (OUCH!) and it was very small, so it took forever and took many times over the same spot to see improvement.Then at a video shoot I was in, my roommate took this one out and started to straighten her incredibly curly, kinky hair with ease. I asked her if I could try it and ended up using that one! LOL! I threw mine out and that weekend ordered mine! I LOVE IT. And, its very durable. I have dropped it a few times (ooops) and its still going strong.If you dont think it straightens the way you want, let it heat up another min. and don't be afraid to up the setting either. Its safer to use a higher setting on your hair once, then go over one spot many times.I am so confident you will love this product. It made this stay at home mom of 2 toddlers on the go feel wonderful quickly and easily!!!!
I have had this straightener for as long as I can remember, and it finally just blew out a couple of days ago.  I am SOOOO lost without it!  I bought a different straightener, because I couldn't find this one at the stores, and I'm so unimpressed with what I've found.  I saw this one on Amazon, and bought it right away, it works great on longer hair, and I LOVE the attached comb.  This is a great product, and I don't know what I'd do without it!
Very inexpensive and works great heats up very very fast which is a great plus when you are a mom of five and don't have much time to cater to yourself.
It was delivered quickly and works really well. It straightens my hair pretty fast. There is also a turbo boost to get it even hotter, but I don't use it. It gets hot enough without the turbo.
This is the best straightener on the market. I've tried HAI, but because I have thick hair, it took forever because it only straightened small sections at a time. In addition, HAI's plates were tiny. This is a great straightener for thick and/or coarse hair.
Wow!! this straightner works very good. I have had this straightner for about a year and it has never gaven up! It works so well, and heats up very quickly. Once I got it, all my friends got one and they all agreed on how good it was. It is a good straightner and has a really good price. I would highly recomend it!
So far this has been the best straightener that I have ever used. It heats up fast and you only have to run it through your har one time. I can now straighten my hair in just minutes. It gets extra hot. You have a power on button and a turbo power on button and with that it gets turbo hot! The removeable comb in awesome!! I love to use it because it saves time without being annoying like some products with extra features. It is easy to remove by sliding out but stays in place when put back on, it is also easy to put back on. This has been the hottest straightener that I have ever used. I love Conair styling products. I have no bad things to say about this wonderful product. The only thing that can be a small con is that sometimes I have to hit the power on button 2-3 times to get it to turn on, which is easy to tell because the light comes right on. Other then that, this item is simple to use and works very well and heats up wonderfully which saves time. The Amazon price is about $5 bucks less then Walmart's price where I got mine and this straightener was money well spent. It cost a little less then straighteners that do not work as well. Conair products are known to work great and last a long time!! With the removeable comb and all the features this deserves 5 STARS! Usually you will get a straightener that does not have the removeable comb or turbo on putton and there are also 25 heat settings, it is simple to use and works great!
I had mine exactly 3 years when it stopped heating the plates. The light would turn on, but the plates would stay cold, so I think it has something to do with the wiring. It happened when I took it on vacation, so it might have something to do with twisting and wrapping the cord around the handle (but what else are you supposed to do with it?)On the plus side, it's SUPER CHEAP, and it made my hair super straight and smooth. I like it much better than my friends' Sedu or Chi. I also like the scissor handles... I felt like it gave me more leverage to squeeze the plates together. It heated up in less than 30 seconds, and it held up through 3 years of a lot of travel and abuse. So for that reason, I'm going to buy it again... and maybe be a little more careful with it!
I honestly cannot believe this costs $20. I was skeptical because I have used other ceramic irons that cost $100, $150 and up and this works just as well as they do, if not better. I have never ever been able to get my naturally wavy, thin, damaged hair to ever look like this. In 15 mins I have stick straight hair that is shiny and glossier than ever. Seriously my hair always feels like straw, hay, actually haha but now it feels like the soft, shiny virgin hair of a 6 year old. I may buy a few more of these just in case anything ever happens to this one, its amazing. Don't waste your $$ on anything more expensive, this is all you need, trust me.
I gifted it to my wife and she love it. She has very fine hair and it takes just 5 min to straighten hair. Its good quality straightener and the best part is its dual voltage so she can always use it anywhere or where ever she go.....
I used this straightener for the first time with my new Revlon RV484 Ion 1875-Watt Hair Dryer, and I was very impressed with it!  I didnt think I would like the brush attachment but it really helped to capture the hair and guide it through the plates.  With other straighteners the hair would slide around and fall off the straighener, but this wasnt a problem here, in fact it made the whole experience much quicker and effortless.  The plates became hot in seconds, I used it at the highest setting (my hair is a bit difficult to work with) and when I would go over my hair with my hand to smooth it out, I was getting burned!  Thats how hot this straightener gets - you might want to keep it at a lower level unless you have very thick, unruly hair.  I would definitely recommend this iron to anyone!
For those of us with thick curly hair this is a must have!  And for the price you just can't beat it.  I've tried the more expensive smaller models and they are not worth it.  With the Conair I only have to go over a section once and it is straight and since the pads are larger I can do my hair in half the time.  I've already recommended it to all my friends.
So far, this straightener has been the best I've used to date. My hair is naturally straight, but I have some broken hair that likes to fly out in different directions.  This straightener keeps doesn't pull out my hair and it straightens my hair without frying it. I will right another review if I find it works differently in a few months. I would recommend this product. It was better than the 50 dollar hot tool I bought before this one.
This straightener is great! If you have thick hair, it's a must because it has a special turbo button that makes it extra hot. Also the bigger plates are necessary for thicker hair. I have tried smaller plates, but they just don't work with my thick hair. I highly recommend this straightener
The niece was going overseas and concerned about the different power plugs and power output.  This product works great here in the US and in Coventry UK.  She loves it!
Surprisingly good hair straightener.  Perfect size for shorter cuts.
I bought this straightener for my daughter after she cut her hair very short.  My standard size straightener was just too cumbersome to use on her and my hair dresser recommended a 1&#34; or smaller version.  Who knew?  This straightener heats up very quickly and works great.  It's size makes it much more manageable for my 13 year old to use as she's just learning how to use hot implements on her own hair.  She feels safer with this one as it's not so heavy.I've actually chosen this straightener over my large one for quick touch-ups and find that it's easier to get a flip with this one than it is with my larger straightener or large round curling iron.  This was a good purchase.
I have had this straightener for about two years now and it's been the best. Yes, the turbo gets VERY hot very quickly, but I have mixed frizzy, curly hair and the first time I straighten I use the turbo. For touch ups I just lower the temp.  I have tried other straighteners but this one is smooth, does the job and doesn't break the bank.  Make sure you use a good protective serum for shiny, silky results.
I purchased this product after reading other reviews and I have not been disappointed.  It straightens hair beautifully and the comb attachment keeps hair from tangling as you slide it down the length of hair.  I don't have to re-straighten it to make sure it is done correctly.  And I have used it on my 12 year old daughter with no complaints from hair pulling.  She is a real tender-head too!I also love the fact that it heats up instantly.  No long waiting for it to warm up...You will be very pleased with this hair straightener, price + quality = the perfect bargain!
This is an excellent curling iron.  I am black with relaxed hair and before my visit to the hairdresser, people were amazed that my hair looked so straight.Well done Conair
This hair straightener works very well.  I recommend it, especially for hard to straighten hair.
This was bought for my 15 year old granddaughter and she says it's just fine. The wand is a good size.
This is one of my favorite straighteners. It has nice thick plates to straighten more hair at a time for making quick work of it. It has several settings and heats up very quickly. I have had two so far and both have lasted a very long time for a product of this price range. I highly recommend it.
I was traveling to Europe so I needed a Dual Voltage Flat Iron, I got the Conair 2" Ceramic Straightener for the trip and it worked great.  It took me some time to get used to the 2" plates, since I'm so used to my 1" Iron, but once I got the hang of it I loved it!!!
I have really curly hair and a lot of hair. Have found this straighter to be great. highly recommend it.
This thing is the best because of the comb and brush inserts, leaves your hair super slik! I love it and have bought it for my family to to use it. They love it too.
Amazing product-- I've tried using straighteners before, and it either took forever, or they were too difficult to use on my hair (which is very thick).  This straightener feels substantial, but is still easy to use (the metal plates always somehow manage to lay flat against each other, straightening a lot of hair in each stroke), and my hair comes out stick-straight after just one stroke.  It now takes 5 minutes in the morning to straighten my hair, and it's a heck of a lot easier than I ever believed it would be.GREAT product- works perfectly, made with good quality, and will hardly put a dent in your wallet.  Will recommend this to everyone I know!
this straightener is great. it heats up extremely quick and straightens really good. it getz extremely hot and does a great job. would recommend to anyone.
My mom was kind of skeptical when getting this for me, because we got a crappy Conair straightener that didn't work at all a couple years ago. Let me tell you, Conair has come a long way since the crappy days of that other hair straightener (you may have seen it, it's purpley-blue and has crimper and stuff.) Anyway, this one works really well and heats up really fast. I wear my hair in braids sometimes (I have really thick, curly, unmanageable hair, keep in mind) and it will straighten the HUGE waves in less than 5 minutes for my whole head. I love this thing. I recommend it to anyone!
My hair is usually curly so i decided to buy this.  my hair is curly because I live in Florida.  Usually I try to use products such as Aussie and things in it.  Then, after struggling with it i went to the hair stylist and they just went to town on my hair!  I love my hair!  I get so many comments on it.  Thanks Iron Bod Studio!  &lt;&lt; My hair is really curly still which is really hawt now >> I LUVV MY HAIR!!! IT DIDNT EVEN FRIZZ IN FL!!  And that is something.  See, we went to Orlando and it was sooooo much FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We went to Universal Studios and ALL!!  it was so much fun then we went to Disney which was soo much fun!  We saw "The mouse"!  LOL.  Yeah.. So then after that we had to come home and i was sad =( .  We will be returning to Florida very soon!
Ok so firstly, about a year ago, I guess I was going through some "teenager angst" hormonal stage, but I chopped off my long hair to a really boy short cut. I felt FREE without all that hair weighing me down. Not only was it fun to wash in the shower, but I didn't dread having to sit for hours every weekend having my mom help me straighten my hair or go to the salon everytime an event came up. Now, it took me less than 10 minutes every morning just straightening my bangs and I was set! Well, that joy slowly wore off and after a while, I found myself amazingly insecure about my short hair. It never felt feminine and I missed the feeling of long hair. I decided to grow my hair out.Now those of you who you who have ever experienced growing your hair out from a short cut, know that it gets difficult after a while. Because your hair grows out into all these weird layers and it looks extremely awkward. No matter how tempted you are to get a haircut, you know that would defeat the whole purpose of letting your hair grow out. Even a trim is out of the question. Having short hair doesn't neccesarily mean easier styling. If you have naturally frizzy, wavy hair like me, it could mean spending even more time styling because you dont have the option to just pull your hair back and tie it into a ponytail. I would dread waking up every morning to a big poofball on top of my head, knowing it would ruin the quiet, peaceful mornings I crave and turn it into a chaotic scenario where I have to lock myself in the bathroom, straining my neck and frying my hair with my blowdryer and flat iron, while my family stands outside knocking on the door, complaining that I hog the bathroom. But it had to be done! Who knew hair could completely take over a person's life? My old iron I got as a gift for my 16th birthday (yeah, dont ask) That was two years ago, and I've been using it ever since. It's made by Vidal Sassoon, and it came with a blowdryer in this cute purple/silver color combo. I liked using it at first. But I noticed it never did the job I wanted. After a while, I just settled with my slightly straight, mostly wavy hair. Atleast it got rid of the frizz. But even if it was a little bit humid or rainy outside, my hair would curl back up into it's normal self. All that time straightening my hair was a waste. I realized my iron was to blame. It was too weak for my stubborn hair. I remember whenever I went over my best friend's house and we were about to go out, I'd quickly smooth out my hair with her straightener, and It did an amazing job! Her hair always looked so cute, even one day when we were stuck outside in a thunderstorm, my bangs curled up on me while her hair remained straight and smooth. It was definitely her hair straightener that was allowing her to not worry about her hair every 10 seconds. Mind you, she also cut her hair boy short and is letting it grow out!The next day, I called her up and asked her what type of straightener she had. She said it's by Conair (this one) So I went onto amazon and read all these amazing reviews. I have to add, the reviewers also helped me to be more confident in buying this straightener...so thanks guys! =o) Anyway, I was planning to order it here on amazon, but then I saw it at another store, and I had to get it. Thank god, the next day I had a job interview and I woke up 2 hours before I had to go there to some sort of strange mullet afro. Normally, I would be pissed off! But I don't know why I had so much faith in my new straightener, even though I had never used it before....YAY!!! In about 10 minutes, I had this sleek, smooth, straight hair that looked fantastic, like I just walked out of a salon, and I did it myself! Little technologically, makeup, hair challenged me did it, so anyone could do it. My old straightener made my hair oily after one day because I constantly had to smooth it over and over again, but with the Conair straightner, I just smooth it over my hair once and it's done, so my hair is less damanged and I dont have to wash it as often as I used to. It's like a trusthworthy friend, and it makes my hair life so much easier. Now I can focus on other things too. The price is unbeatable, seriously. It's so worth it just to give it a try. The heat settings are cool because you can make it as hot as you want depending on your hair type. And it automatically shuts off for all those people who seem to always forget, like me. Oh yeah, it also comes with a little detachable comb that untangles your hair as you straighten it.Ok wow, this is really long! But yes, that's my hair success story. Believe that if I finally found my miracle product that allows my hair to be the way I want without a bunch of stress, it's worth a shot for anyone. Have fun and Good Luck! :)
This product is great. I have dry and sensitive skin and this product works great on my skin. The grains exfoliates gently without causing any dryness. You can actually feel your skin pores breathing. It makes you feel refreshed. The other best part part is it has subtle fruity apricot scent.love this product.
This stuff is great, doesn't dry out my skin, exfoliates and smells great (citrus) - its also much cheaper compare to its competitors!
Every time I use this the whole shower smells fruity, The exfoliates are all natural so that's a plus and it really removes the dead ,dry skin cells off my body.
I always use St. Ives products. I decided to try out this one after using St. Ives Apricot scrub, it has worked wonders for my skin and cleared up my acne. I wanted the same scent and product but in a body wash, and I'm so happy I found this. It has cleared up some of my body acne (but other St.Ives body scrubs worked slightly better). Regardless it is the same scent, and cleans my skin well. I only wish the bottle was bigger.
Now I love this along with the face scrub  since it seems to exfoliate as well as leaving you soft and smooth!!
I honestly only bought this because it was the cheapest thing I could find that I might use that also had Super Saver Shipping on it. That said, I'm glad I did.I am a man, and perhaps this is considered a woman's product, but I like the way it smells. It has those nice little beads that really make you feel like you're scrubbing away dirt and grime and such. I also have to commend St. Ives for making and/or using a bottle that I love. What makes it so good? Well, the cap has a nice lip to it that makes it really easy to open. It also has a generous opening and a body with give which facilitates in getting plenty of soap out in a (controllable) hurry. This is probably rather odd to note, but it's just struck me as of late because I have a Dove Men body wash right now that lets a tiny morsel of soap out with a normal squeeze so you have to death grip it to get a thin supply of gel to squirt out. Makes it feel like I'm using one of those ketchup bottles with a nozzle that's too small. This product has no such problems.It really is quite pleasant all around, and it makes the perfect filler to get Super Saver Shipping. What else could you want?
Smells great, exfoliates great and feels great when using also.  Feel nice and clean and smell good after showering too.  Can't ask more than that.  Skin feels nice and soft too.  Love this and will continue to use it.
I need to order some more of this product it was very lovely and it lasted longer than a minute my skin feel very silky and soft thank you very
smells and works great
This is definitely my favorite body wash. I like that it has the exfoliating beads, and the smell is amazing. It's a really great, refreshing scent that leaves you smelling clean, but isn't too offensive. I usually buy a different body wash each time that I run out, but I've repurchased this once already and I'll probably continue to do so. I tend to get &#34;bored&#34; with the same body washes but this stuff has been great.
not too rough but still exfoliated and works well! i would recommend to a friend anytime. thats all. from kristen
The fragrance is pretty good especially in the summer. Abundant fine sparkle can be washed easily. It's a good product.
After looking around online for a great exfoliating body wash, typically finding over priced soaps that I didn't want to risk i found this. I am very picky with soaps after using too many soap bars and body washes cheap and expensive that didn't last, didn't hydrate, didn't glide well, or had cheap containers that if dropped were ruined. Not only is this soap affordable it met all my qualifications. It's just a shame this became an add-on item.
This is a great product! Really exfoliates your skin and leaves you feeling like you got a good scrub down :)
Love this product! I have dry skin and break out on my back. This wash is the only one that keeps me moisturized and free of breakouts. I have very sensitive skin. It is very gentle. I highly recommend!
I order this for my mom who loves it.  (My sister doesn't mind it either!)  St. Ives usually doesn't let me down - the quality is always good.  I have always been impressed with their products.
This product wasn't too expensive yet it out performed some of the more expensive products on the market. It wasn't too grainy. It applied smooth and lattered well. Nice fragrance as well.
This is the best body wash I have ever used. Been using it since I was a teenager. Leaves the skin feeling soft and clean, and has a nice gentle smell. Unfortunatly most stores no longer sell it. Glad I can buy it off Amazon.
I love this product.  The jojoba beads are a gentle exfoliant bringing my skin to a new smooth finish.  The scent is simply lovely.  I use this product to deep clean before applying Zia's Ultimate Age Defying Mask which I think is the most powerful face rejuvenating treatment available.
I use this product twice a week. It gives the optimum level of exfoliation using natural non irritating ingredients. I also love Zia's eye cream.
Yes, it is hideously expensive. But I've used this magic potion since I was 11 and since then everyone I know has been envious of my perfect complexion. I am 19 now, and I've never once gotten acne, blackheads, or any of the usual teenage blemishes. I attribute my perfect skin completely to Zia. Isn't it worth a few extra bucks to have a flawless face?
This stuff is the best beauty product I've found in my 61 years. I started using it in my 40s. A wonderful wonderful producct.
I love this straitener. Even when my hair is damp after i get out of the shower it still works. To me I think that it is one of the best straiteners in the world!!!!!!!!!! I love it and dont think that i would get any other. I dosnt even damage my hair. It is still as healthy as it was before i even used straiteners, and believe me Im a hair freak. Every thing has to be perfect when it comes to hair. I really do love it and wish for nothing else. Tah-Tah
I love this stuff! My hair is a little thin on top of my scalp, and when I use it, somehow the thinness goes away! on days that I have to use other shampoos, the thinness is instantly back. Great buy, great price, buy it!
I have been using this for about 2 years. This is a great product! It really help to make your hair look thicker and it is very genital on hair that is falling out.
Wow! Used for the first time and hair is DEFINITELY thicker looking. Luv it! Only have to use a tiny bit - will last a LONG TIME.
I like this product because it gives my limp hair volume! I plan to use this shampoo because for me it does what it says. Very satisfied!
The person who cuts my hair suggested I try a new "style" to cover my receding hair line. I am 50 so I knew it was coming. Got online and studied my options. One sight recommended Progaine and I ordered it immediately from Amazon. Later subscribed to their Subscribe & Save option to get it delivered every other month. It is also  cheaper that way.It worked and after a couple of weeks my hair was noticeably thicker and fuller. And my wife loves the smell.....Bonus!
Not able to find this in stores, so i came to amazon to get it. Sad to say, they raised the price 3 times now, so we going for other products.
This is the best shampoo for thin hair.  I have used this for over 10 years and have nothing but praise for it.  I can only find it online now, so thank goodness for Amazon!
It works very well u can see the different and feel it to wish the retail stores will sell it but they don't
I have long thin wavy hair; makes my hair &#34;FULL&#34; and ringlets!Gorgeous. Will definitely buy again.Thanks for making available.
This shampoo is amazing!  I really do feel like my hair feels thicker.  My hairdresser even noticed.  Can't beat the price.
Always helps my hair feel thicker and fuller, while at the same time not drying it out. If your hair feels flat, I recomend it.
My hair started to thin about 3 years ago, It's long and I do use a hair dryer to flatten and straighten, and I know that's not healthy.  But the amount of hair that I had in the drain and on the floor after styling was unreal.  I was recently diagnosed with diabetes and thought maybe this was the reason for the thinning hair.  Well I started to use this shampoo every other day and I've been using for about 6 to 8 weeks now.  I have maybe 5 to 10 hairs in the drain and maybe 5 to 10 while styling compared to about 40 or 50. It's growing so fast that the grey is now so visible that I'm going to have to call my colorist to get it done again. (I used to color it every 8 weeks), now it was 5 weeks and the grey was so visible and the growth that came out showed maybe an inch into my scalp!In the past few years I have tried so many other products and wasted money.  CVS had their own "Store brand" of this but I can't find it now.  This above shampoo used to come with a conditioner but I think that was discontinued also.If you are on the fence, try it, but it took about 6 weeks before I really noticed a big improvement.  Be sure to massage this into your scalp.  Good luck!
es un champu excelente,ya me siento mi cabello mas pesado y con mas brillo,y me elimina el cebo cabelludo y sobre todo que contribuye ala ca&iacute;da del pelo.
Progaine is the best shampoo I have ever used. I Have been using it for about 10 years. I am 65 year old and it really helps.
Ten Stars!I have an Uncle who went bald at an early age and tried everything to restore his hair.  He never mentioned this product.  It will NOT regrow hair, but it will take the hair that you do have and make it thicker and fuller.You know the product works when your Barber asks - &#34;What have you been using on your hair?&#34;Could't be happier.I highly recommend this product.
I started using this with the Progaine medication five years ago, it has been great.  I also used the conditioner to, I found the combined shampoo conditioner not as good as the two separate steps.  AMAZON has been carrying this product right along, and did have the conditioner, but it seems to be not available anymore, I hope they get it in. They took my name and said they would tell me when it comes in.
This shampoo is fantastic. It makes my hair soft, gives it volume and makes it look fuller. I would recommend this shampoo even for people that don't have thinning hair.
It does what it claims to do~!! Some much so that you'll likely need hair spray especially if you blow dry. Hair smells fresh and lightweight. Stuff smells really good and makes your head "squeaky" clean. I'm serious~!! I mean, I usually "squeegee" my wet hair with my hands to get out the majority of water left in it, but you gotta be careful.... Your hands slide so fast through it, ya can bang them on things~! For the price, I highly recommend it. I just wish they made an all in one with conditioner like Pantene...... or at least a stand a lone one. I'd love to try that~!!
I have been using this for several years and can't imagine life without it.  One day, my daughter said:  Mom you look so good today,  whatever you did, keep doing it.  Progaine.
I love this product. It works, smells great and actually soothes the scalp. I am amazed yet pleased with the price, the size of the bottle, and the way it works. I have been struggling with hair loss and now, starting to notice a change. My hair is actually starting to grow fuller and thicker than before and I am so pleased!
I have thin, oily hair and this shampoo is one of the few things I can buy that makes it look thicker and gives it body.
I don't use rogaine, but this stuff is great for adding a little volume ad doesn't over dry your hair either.
since i found this.i only use this shampoo. it does what it says.i highly recomend this. no dissapointments on the quality. this is my secound order.
Excellent shampoo that cleans very well, smells great, and is gentle on the hair. Have been using for years. Impossible to find in mainstream stores anymore, but able to on Amazon.
my housband use this shampoo for his hair lost, he like it and stop it.  I think is very usefull.
Let me tell you - I was balding on top of my head and noticed it in a photo in 2004.  I immediately started using this product and have never stopped using it - and am no longer balding in that spot!  I think that it works if you stick with it; I've been using it since 2004 and I have my full head of hair and no longer am balding - you just have to keep using it and don't expect miracles in weeks, but rather do a comparison after 6 months or a year - just keep using it!!!  It really works!!!
Use it for first time and waiting for results. Lets see whats next. Buy it!!! and see if its works on you.
This shampoo made it look like I had 3 times the hair that I have.  Love this stuff.
I LOVE this product.  My hair is very curly, but baby fine.  I started using this product after going through a period of heavy shedding and hair loss (which has stopped now, thank goodness).  It is the best thickening shampoo I've ever used - hands down!  And, big bonus, it's safe for color treated hair.  It smells great and leaves my hair feeling so soft, and never dries it out.  Love it!
I have thin hair but this product really makes it look thicker and stronger.  Little expensive but worth it to me.
have used it before but could not find it in any styore around here. was glad you had it at a reasonable price
Not only am I satisfied with the product I am very satisfied with the quick way it came to me.
love this product, since my hair is thinning, thanks to my older years i was looking for something to add thickness to my hair, i gave this shampoo a try, and to my surprise it worked, makes my hair look thicker, and thats just what i was looking for, a good addition to those like me who also use Progaine foam,
This shampoo makes my hair look so thick when it really isnt. I love the smell and it works for me.
It's not dry for me at all. I love the feeling after using it. Just hope it can really stop my hair falling.
It delivers on it's promise and I found it even better than Nexxus Volumizing Shampoo. It cleans thoroughly as well and I have almost no dandruff with this as opposed to Nexxus which leave my scalp very dry. I'm sticking to this!
It's the best shampoo for thinning hair, I have tried Clubman, Redken etc. but nothing works as good as Progaine. CVS has these for 7 bucks, go save some money, will ya? :)
It helps my fair from falling out. I wish the company had not discontinued this product. Now, I have to pay a lot of money to get it.
This product works so well and was for a good price. I had subscribed and saved but soo. After I was notified by amazon that my sub n save was being cancelled. They musta caught on to the cheap price I paid for the first order 5.30 and cancelled me. Then when I went back to check price sure enough it was over 10.00 dollars!
At 69 thought I had tried everything in the shampoo dept. Basically had given up trying new concepts. No shampoo ever seemed to make a difference.Had never heard of Progaine until I started using Rogaine in an attempt to stop the thinning on the top of my scalp.I was so pleased with what Rogaine did for me in just 3 months I went back to re-order on Amazon.  While re-ordering I caught the link to Progaine and ordered it right up.After only about 3 or 4 days I started noticing a big improvement. Have been using it for about 6 months now. Completely satisfied.For the first time since I was a teenager my fine hair looks full and feels bouncy.THK U Progaine!
It's a cheap and good product. I'm not sure if it helps hairloss at all (it never claimed it does anyway), but sure makes my hair feels clean. It stops the itch on my sculpt after using for a week. Not bad.
I'm 52, have some thinning hair, and use this in concert with Rogaine and it really does the trick.  Adds thickness and volume to your hair without making it feel greasy or &#34;poufy&#34;.  I use it everyday and a little goes a long way.  You can't beat it for effectiveness and the price is a LOT cheaper than salon products that don't do as good a job.
I bought Progaine Volumizing Shampoo based on other reviews on Amazon.On top of all the other indignities suffered as I age (gravity, wrinkles and being called "Maam"), my already thin and fine hair getting thinner and finer to the point of showing a significant amount of blazingly white scalp was just plain old unacceptable.  I didn't sign up for this and I'm not submitting without making a stink.This shampoo really does make your hair fluffier and consequently gives the impression of being fuller.  I really am impressed!I did also get a weightless conditioner to use with this shampoo as was recommended by other reviewers.  I'm glad I paid attention to reviews as I do think the Progaine shampoo may have really dried out my hair without the weightless conditioner.Give it a try - you should find out immediately if it's what you are looking for.
I found this shampoo on amazon last year. I like it quite a bit. It creates a very rich lather and doesn't seem too harsh. As for its hair restorative qualities, well it has none. But as far as shampoos go, I think it is more beneficial to thinning hair than your everyday shampoo.Now, I'm not sure what happened, but about 6 months ago this went from $6 a bottle to about $20 a bottle on amazon. Doing a simple web search I found that just about ever vendor of this shampoo on the web did the same price hike. The single vendor that didn't was CVS. This isn't a CVS plug (except for being able to buy Progaine I couldn't care less about CVS), do a web search and look for yourself. They had a 15-25% off promo code (found elsewhere online) that was applied to my order as well (I'm guessing that codes like this are easily and frequently found for CVS). Anyways I just ordered 9 bottles of Prograine with shipping included for $52.34. I just wanted to pass this tidbit of information along.Great product, just don't pay more than $7 for it.... it is only shampoo after all.
Bought a couple of bottled and it seems to give my hair more volume. Will buy a couple more. Thank you.
Product came quickly AND it works so very well with Rogaine. I have been using this for over 10 years and it, along with Rogaine, have restored all my lost hair!
This shampoo leaves my hair soft, managable and it seems to be thicker. It has a great smell and lathers well.  Give it a try.  It's much cheaper here than at the local drug store.
This oil is light and easy to work with; I love that it is so nourishing,  and clients  who are scent sensitive love the barely-there light, natural smell.
Awesome so Awesome I love it I love it I do I do LOVE THE HELL OUT OF IT FO SHO
I'm a massage therapist and use all of the Biotone products. They are very reasonably priced, high quality product, my clients like the feel of the oil, not too greasy or sticky, nice glide!
My massages were always leaving me feeling greasy and clammy after a massage- this is the only massage oil that I have used that doesn't do that. My mom is a masseuse, and she agrees that this type is just as good as her professional grade stuff- for cheaper. A very light scent that isnt overpowering, and a friction coefficient that isn't too hard to work on the skin with. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to massage.
All Biotone products I've used are wonderful. This Light Oil is by far my favorite. As a MT student we are able to sample many varieties of products.. with that said, this oil is a superior product. great for swedish/relaxation massage..high glide, absorbs into the skin well, creates a wonderful friction and helps produce just enough heat to be relaxing. Does not leave a yucking oily feeling whatsoever. Very light fragrance. Does not stain, BUT if it gets on your sheets or clothes, to get it out, you will have to pretreat your clothing. it's wonderful!
Great product, no scent, goes on easily. I'd buy it again. Perfect for a massage. Not much more to say about this product though.
I really like this oil.  It is very light and smells great. It also glides very well.  I would recommend it!  It's my new favorite oil now.
Recommended by a friend.  Wife loves it.  Will purchase more in future.  Nice aroma and not at all too oily.
Biotone is such a high quality produce. This oil has great glide during my massage treatment. I will continue to use Biotone even through it is more expensive than other oils out there.
Works as advertised.  A little goes a long way unless you have dry skin.  Pretty much odorless, but does have a slight scent. It's not offensive or anything, just not floral or anything like that.
My wife and I have been using this product for years.  I don't know of any better product on the market.  Try it out.
This massage oil is not super greasy so when its on your hands its not a bother.  Soaks right into the skin.  It doesn't smell bad either.
As someone with spinal damage, migraines and a torn rotator cuff....I spend about 3 days a week in physical therapy. Asked the names of the therapy oils they used and was elated to find them on Amazon. The most important fact to me was it's heating probabilities. I can mix with certain herbs to rid migraines, rubbed at the base of my neck and forehead. I can put the bottle under warm running water or in a pan of water on the stove top for my chronic fibro pains. I almost purchased the larger size, but the small one w/ pump is  perfect to fit on a stove then go straight onto the muscles that need treatment at the time. Whether it's deep tissue or for lighter reflexology, I haven't found a smoother, less greasy, non-staining, all natural, odor free product than this one. And on those nights when I'm feeling romantic... a little lavender, chamomile, vanilla,  or cinnamon oil  mixed in a smaller bottle is dreamy way to take turns, relaxing me and my love into an aroma therapeutic induced sleep. =)
I've used this product before, and after trying other lotions and oils I find myself coming back to this one time and again. It goes on smoothly and spreads far, so I don't have to use too much. The only problem I have with it is if the bottle tips over while it's not locked it can drip. I've had to apologize a time or two for a few drips/spills on clients floors and clothes. Animals like the taste of this stuff, so be sure to keep it out of their reach. All in all, it's definitely my oil of choice.
Love to use this as a moisturizer instead of lotion. Glides well and absorbs nicely. The scent is very subtle and nice.
Fantastic massage oil! Feels like the stuff that the professionals use. It smells nice but doesn't have an overpowering smell like some other massage oils do. It allows great lubrication on the skin that isn't oil and messy. Two pumps in the palm of your hand, rub your hands together to warm them up and you are set to go to give a professional style massage.
this works great. i used to get gel nails done all the time but it got spendy. this makes your nails look and feel like you came from the nail salon. love this stuff!
Orly Won't Chip is the real deal.  My nail polish can last over 2 weeks with the use of this marvelous product.  It works best fresh, I've had a bottle that lasted a couple of years and it did not work as well as the new bottle.  I would recommend this to anyone that is active and doesn't have the time to 're-do' their nails often. I always use a quality nail polish and make sure the Won't Chip is applied to completely dry nails.  Another tip for success.. don't apply it too thickly.
This product is a must have when doing your own nails at home, I love the fact that normally my nail polish starts to chip after the third day and right now I'm going on day 6 with no chips at all(especially my right hand). I also use this product with Orly Bonder which is another must have. I love doing my own nails instead going to a salon to have done it saves on $$$.Don't doubt yourself make the purchase!
This is an absolutely invaluable product if you are the caregiver for someone whose toenails are thickening.  Instead of trying to soak my father or my mother's feet before I cut their toenails, I use this product.  I apply it the night before and then can do the pedicure the next day.  If you have ever tried to soak someone's feet and keep them comfortable in a wheelchair, you will also appreciate this product.
punky color is the best semipermanent, hands down. although it should be said that it's not so much "semipermanent" as it is "permament without ammonia"! i love the colors because they stay true and vibrant for a very long time.the downside is that you can NOT BLEACH PUNKY OUT. ever. stop trying.i've had every color in the spectrum and then dyed my hair to black to get back to normal for jobs, weddings etc, and then the next time i want to color my hair i will try to bleach out the black and end up with whatever punky color was underneath, MONTHS later!pillarbox red is a gorgeous shade to put over permanent red once it starts to fade to that rusty orangey brown color.i've noticed that these reviews are put down for every color, so when i read the other review for punky color that said midnight blue was "very, very green" i didn't want to get it at first! but i saw the same review for red XDpunky is true to its color. WAY better than manic panic which tends to color unevenly, better than alfaparf, and my first choice whenever i can get my hands on it!
I love super happy ... me they were perfect ... They are comfortable ... good and the description at the time of purchase .... excellent product
This color is so fresh and pretty. I used it on my eyes as well as on my cheeks. The combination of cool pink and warm golden undertone makes this shade the perfect blush!
Alive blush is by far the best I've ever used.  I use it as both an eyeshadow and blush and I have been complemented so many times on my "peaches and cream" complexion. Give it a try you won't be sorry!
This tiny jar does wonders! My son always walks around looking like snow itself. Other lotions and cremes dry out easily on his skin. This one lasts. I didn't buy pure cocoa butter or shea since he's so picky with scents so this was a good alternative for us.
love it. This cream is very useful for dry skin and smells good like tropical smell. I really recommend it.
This lotion is very concentrated. It works great on winter skin to prevent it from drying out. Also great on healing dry patches of skin. It made my skin feel smoother too. Great product and a little goes a long ways. Cheap price for how long it lasts.
My skin is super dry. Lotions, oils creams don't really help my skin at all but this stuff is excellent. I love this stuff during the winter time. I'll take a nice shower and towel pat my skin and slather a lot on. It's very think more of a body butter consistency and creamy but easy to rub into skin. It definately leaves a greasy feel to the skin which I don't mind whatsoever b/c my skin is soo dry.  As far of the smell it has some sort of a coconut scent but I don't mind it cuz I use it at night after shower. This is my second tub and will continue to buy it it also repairs the skin and relieves any itching. Try it u won't regret it !!!!!
I have used Queen Helene Cocoa Butter for years.  This is a great product!  I recommend it, highly to my friends!  Anna
This stuff is a great alternative to Butt Butter for bicycle touring or maybe racing ( I don't race so can't comment).  much less expensive  works great on long bike rides.  Wish there was a much smaller package to carry along on the bike ( the jar and creme weigh in at over a pound). I'm training for a 500+ mile adventure.  so far no chafe, no problems.
Great stuff!  Been using it for years!  Makes skin look beautiful and youthful.  Especially good for skin on aging hands.
For the price, you wouldn't believe that it can do what a lot of the high end products can't. Yes, I've tried the higher end products at $50 to $200 a pop, but I always go back to this one. It doesn't clog pores, which is a big must for me. And it leaves my skin looking beautiful. (I get compliments on my skin from people in the industry, all the time)FYI I use this and the St. Ives scrubs.
Cocoa butter cream works well for me as a lubricant for use with bicycle shorts. Effectively prevents chapping and chafing of the area of the skin  above the bicycle short chamois and the bicycle seat. I am able to apply this product liberally because it is so affordable compared to the specialty products available in bicycle stores.it also washes out of the bicycle short without a problem.
This works great on super dry skin. Living at 7500 feet I need this for my elbows, bottoms of my feet and hands in the winter before heading out on the slopes...
I use this product daily to keep my belly moisturized. It helps minimize itching and stretch marks that comes with a growing stomach.
I have used the Queen Helene Cocoa Butter lotion in the 32oz bottle and I love it!!!! I have used this product for years.You can put it on your face, as well as, all over your body. I have been in the Cosmetology field for years and I have found that this product works better than most expensive salon products. It will not clog pores. It is non-greasy and you only need a very small amount to do a lot of moisturizing.Today I am ordering the Creme in a jar.  I look forward to getting the same results as I did with the lotion.I highly recommend this product. You will not be disappointed. I am ordering from Amazon because I can't find this product in any of our local stores.  Thank you, Amazon, for carrying this for me. I can't live without it.P.S. It works on my 65 year old skin. I am always getting compliments on how well my skin looks.UPDATE 1/16/2013: I ordered the Creme and was a little disappointed. If I use a very small amount on my face and rub it in good and wait for awhile it is not too oily. However, I will continue to buy the lotion like I have for years. It isn't oily.However, I am using the Creme on my feet and it makes your feet very soft. Put it on and then put on socks and go to bed. The next morning my feet are very soft. I have also used the Creme as a night creme when you want someting more moisturizing. On second thought, I may just continue to buy the creme for these uses.
I use this in place of much more expense creams sold for cyclist (Assos Chamois Cream, Paceline Products Chamois Butt'r Creme and others).  It works just as good if not better and is much, much cheaper!!!  You can't stick it in your travel bag to re-apply on long rides.... but it's great for the start of the ride.
I have tried every product on the market and consulted numerous dermatologists for dry skin. This is the best I have found and when discussing the product with doctors and nurses, they confirm that is the best I can do for my condition. The best part is that it is also the most modestly priced.
I love this product! it doesnt clog my pores and makes my skin look really healthy. Im 5 1/2 months pregnant and use it all over my body. no stretch marks yet!
I love this natural, emollient product. I have sensitive skin and this is my go-to moisturizer, especially right out of the shower.  Goes on creamy (slightly oily) but will absorb into the skin after a bit.  Very mild natural fragrance.
My foot was peeling and I read on the internet that cocoa butter could possibly help. It worked great in about three weeks of daily use.
I can't even believe how amazing this stuff is.  I have been searching for a cream that would hydrate my very dry 40+ year old skin for years, trying $$ brands and everything else in between, and this is IT! It even softens my dry, scaly feet.  I put it on my face at night and wake up with super soft, beautiful skin; it is the only cream that makes the wrinkles under my eyes almost non-existent.  And it's CHEAP!  I can't wait to get the body lotion.  Try this; you will not be sorry!
I've tried vaseline and chamoisbuttr and while they worked, I really had to glob it on.  I don't like the idea of petrochemicals in my vulva and with both I would get the sensation of &#34;something&#34; high in my urethra after use.  Never had that with Queen Helene.  Have only used up to a 3 hour ride though.  Very happy with the purchase and and results - no greasy feeling at ALL.  no residue in my shorts.  nothing leaking onto the saddle and amount needed is miniscule compared to Chamois buttr and vaseline.  I'm a convert.  I also use Enzo's ButtonHole for longer rides.
I have been using this product for quite some time. For some reason i have very sensitive skin, and when i was younger all the other aloe vera creams i tried made my skin irritated and itchy. i bought 2 so far from queen helene and im now on my third?, i love it. It works great. I have extremely dry skin as well and many moisturizers don't really "moisturize" for me anyways. But when you apply a lot on your hands at night, in the morning they are pretty smooth, moisturized and or not as chapped as they were the day before. I also get dry flaky skin often on my face during around october-spring. This allows me to offset the affects of the cold weather a little bit longer. But for my face, i try not to use it too often, only on occasion when I REALLY need it because i don't want breakouts. It also said you can use it on your face on the label i believe (so that's why i tried it) and it does work.I wouldn't use it for the morning though, unless you use a very thin layer on your hands before you leave the house. But at night before you sleep, you would want to use a lot (or however much you need.) I don't really use this in the summer all too much, but on occasion i would need to use it in the summer too.  I use it on my legs, and it has reduced the amount of ingrown hairs/irritated skin. BTW this lasts a LONG time, i would say maybe like at least 6 months minimum. For me, i never have to worry about buying a replacement and it feels to be once a year where i would have to restock. Anyways this is a GREAT product and i would recommend this to anyone.
pro: really hydrate the body especially if your skin is really dry and great smellcon: it's butter creme so it's very oily. use before bed and not before you go out because you will feel like you're covered in oil
i used this product when I was pregnant with my daughter in 2009. and it is thick and oily but worked very well on my expanding belly. it did not prevent stretch marks though. I still have alot. all though it comes with the package deal of being a mother. for some mothers anyway. and I am so happy I found this product on amazon. because I couldn't find it anywhere else. and since me and my husband are trying to conceive again I will be needing this product once more. wish me luck everyone.
This Aloe Creme is so soft and fluffy.  It sinks right into your skin and smells wonderful, not too sweet or perfumey.
It does soften rough skin, I mean my heels and moistures my body so well that I could not believe it costs so little.Texture is thick and appears a bit greasy but penetrates the skin and I could not find grease spots on my clothes, will update if find any.For my heels I put on socks after applying cream  and it took care of my rough feet in two nights. See it for yourselfThe label says it relieves discomfort of itchy, stretched skin during and after pregnancy . I would not know from my experience, just heads up. It would be cool if it could take eliminate those issues as wellRecommend
Not for ladies only, my feet have so smoothed out that my lovely lady is after me to get one for her.
I was looking all over the internet for an all natural body butter/creme that I could purchase at an inexpensive price. Although, this is not completely all natural because of some of the ingredients that some people might stray away from like the dyes it is however, an extremely moisturizing body butter/creme that is fairly inexpensive. Some reviewers have mentioned that this is too oily, however if you do apply too much then your skin won't be able to take all of the nutrients into your skin hence, leaving an oily residue. You only need a small amount and massage it in your skin. It leaves you with lovely hydrated skin and it gives you a lovely natural glow. Compared to the other butters you can buy that are organic/vegan/natural at over $10/8oz tub this one definitely hits the mark! You won't be disappointed by trying this Cocoa Butter Creme out.
I started to use this a while back and stopped, I regretted it!  I'm 26 years old and people tell me I still look like I'm in Highschool.... thank you Queen Ellen... and if you use it as a face cream it will last for months on end... Plus you can use it all over your body and leaves you feeling super soft.