This wine looks and tastes like Cabernet Sauvignon. It should NOT! I do not believe it is minimum 70% Prugnolo gentile. It seems like it has been blended with too much of some other grape.
Order a bottle of any vintage but the 2011.  This is a horrible bottle in 2011.  The vineyard would have been better off using the wine to make vinegar than release it to the public.  For shame.  Sorry for the negativity, but this was a terribly disappointing bottle after years of dedicated Conundrum delight.
Kind of sour. Bleah.What else can be said about it? A promising initial taste, then a blankish gap, then a sourness that is just too much. This was my first Yellow Tail and it'll be my last. I'm done.
Dont have a computer.I use my mobile internet.Couldnt even get to purchase this.That needs to change.Missed out on a purchase.
Cheap wine with no complexity. Cloying and brutish.  The only thing going for it is that it's not too strong on the alcohol taste. Only good for making a sabayon or poaching pears.
Got 3 bottles from Costco after learning this wine got on the WS 2012 Top 100 list. Opened the 1st bottle and can't believe how it got such a high rating and acclaim. It was shallow, out of focus, watery, almost like cheapo merlot. Reserve? I cannot believe what I just tasted. I let it sat for 1 hour, still lousy; 2 hours, still no improvememt; 4 hours, next day.... It was not going anywhere.I was shocked. WS has been pretty accurate and their ratings always match my palette. Not this one. They totally missed it. My friend got two bottles and he tried it and told me he lost faith in WS too. Save your money.
I swear it tasted like vinegar, so very disappointed. I know I have bought Pepperwood Grove before, maybe it was the Chardonnay that was good but the Pinot Grigio was an absolute waste of money, won't even save it to cook with.
I purchased five of these to work on the practicum for my circus juggling MBA. I assumed, given his good reviews that Mr. Perignon was a maker of fine juggling equipment. Unfortunately I was very mistaken. They are filed with some sort of toxic liquid, the weight is all wrong and off center, and their smooth surface makes getting a good grip while mounting a unicycle extremely difficult. Worse yet, they are extremely fragile which given their poor weight and difficult gripping surface seems like a horrible design decision. They do come well packed in a nice wooden box.Pros:Nicely packed.Fast shipping (Thanks Amazon!)Cons:Poor weightHazardous contentsFragileDifficult to grip and catch.
Great wine at a great price, but it is corked like a regular wine.  You have to use a wine opener to uncork this sparkling wine.  I have had two bottles break during the uncorking processing.  ( The second bottle was purchased by a friend.) The second bottle blew and cut my friend's arm badly enough to require stitches.
Chocovine is both nasty and foul. The odor is overpowering and the flavor was gross. My husband that will drink straight Malibu couldn't finish off the bottle. I poured out.
My husband and I just tried this.  I actually thought it sounded good when I saw it in the store. The color didn't even bother me. (It looks a lot like Yoohoo.)First when you pour it in the glass, you notice the consistency is more like syrup than wine. Okay, fine, I'm not thrilled with that but not totally turned off. Then you get a whiff of the stuff once it gets near your face and it will nearly knock you down. If you still think you can stomach it, the taste and the burn as it goes down will make you feel like you just took a shot of cheap tequila. Definitely not a sipping/dessert wine. I would compare it to drinking kahlua by itself, only less tolerable. Don't know what I was thinking. Hubby thought the same.
Tated like vinagre. Yuck! Stay away and save your mony. Guessing it came in a gift basket. To quote my husband , &#34;it is undrinkable!&#34; Alas down the drain it has gone.
Had a glass of Kilda Shiraz last night at Grist Mill in DC and this review is spot on. It's thin, astringent, sour and has no finish. Downright nasty in my book. Will never try it again.
This was the worst riesling I've ever had. My husband and I like to try different brands, and we happened upon this one on sale at a local grocery store. The label looked fancy, so we thought it should be decent. It had the most unpleasant bitterness, and there was no sweetness at all. I had to add orange juice just to make it tolerable, and then what's the point? Don't let the fancy label fool you.
Perhaps the worst bottle of wine I've ever had. I'm not even sure I would cook with this. It is thin, no body, and a transparent color not characteristic of a good pinot.  The taste is just bitter - not the complexity that I expect from a pinot noir of any price. Just not what I'm looking for even in a low to mid price pinot noir. Maybe my bottle wasn't sealed well and went to vinegar - other reviews for this wine are favorable.
a cooking wine for $62,000? You have to be kidding. This must be a joke. I really want to see a review from someone who actually pays $62,000. for a bottle of wine for cooking.
You get what you pay for.  This product was awful and would never buy it again even if I still had the money.
Weakest organic I've had to date. Bottom of the barrel table wine. If this is the first organic a person has the misfortune of trying, they might assume all organic vineyards are a mistake.
This is actually the 2007 Edition in the "Marilyn Merlot" collection.  NOT the 2009!!!!  The 2009 features a photograph of Marilyn Monroe, with her embossed silver signature across the red "25" below her photo!!
Very bland and watery. No character whatsoever. This is a "green" bottle and so are the winemakers. Steer clear of this one!
This tastes like sweat and rotten prunes. I have never had a more disgusting wine. If they made a keg wine this would be it
This is the worst mixed drink ever. I'd rather use less sour mix, or a lite sour mix...buy tequila...and make my own skinny drink. This is horrible. Horribly watered down and weak. Buy this and regret it severely.
I agree yuk. The wine has an overwhelming taste of vanilla then dry finished with overly sweet honey. I would never buy again.
I was embarrassed that I served this to a friend. Friend hated it to, didn't admit it till I tried it and she waited for my reaction. This wine was horrible, no good aroma taste nothing I dumped it all after 3 sips.  The bottle I had was 2011, not that I think the year on this one would even matter.
This tastes like chemicals.  I can handle cheap wine, but oh my gosh this is horrible. It smelled like cleaning solution, and tasted like... well, cleaning solution. No food pairing could make this palatable. If you want a tasty cab under $10, try Yellowtail or Rex Goliath. No chemical taste with their cab!
DO NOT DRINK THIS.  IT IS AWFUL.  YOU WILL FOR SURE GET A HEADACHE.  WENTE IS NOT A GOOD WINE AND THE FOOD NETWORK IS A BUSINESS.  SKIP THIS ONE.......
It begins with a light effervescence and the faint taste of sweet grapes. This is followed by an intense and overpowering flavor of summer in a garbage dump. Unpleasantly organic and pervasive enough to fill your nose as you drink. After you swallow the taste will stay with you for several minutes, a pungent taste that calls to mind being in the cramped elevator of a creaky old building, an elevator which has been stopped between floors for three hours and everyone but you had extremely spicy Thai food for lunch.
taste like s***. received as a gift, Idon't know what it cost, i would not pay a buck for this s***.
I don't understand the hype for this cheap 'boones-farm' like wine.  All flavors are unbelievably bitter, and will undoubtedly cause a hangover.  I know what red moscato is supposed to taste like, and this is not it.  It's unfortunate that the price is the only reason for it's popularity, similar to light beer [can't touch the awful stuff].  I am in no way a wine expert, but there are many mid-grade wines that are delicious to taste, do not break the bank, and are much better quality than Barefoot.
I had this the other night at a popular beer restaurant in my area and it just lacked taste. It was very strange on the palate. I recommend trying Brother's Drake mead if you live in central Ohio.
Bought the Mondavi Scarlet Red.  It sounded so good on the label.  Has a very nice aroma but that's all.  No one liked it in my house, tried it a couple different times to see if it might get better.  Ended up dumping it down the drain.  Maybe I got a bad bottle but I hate to think someone else might buy it.  Now I know why it was on sale. ;-(
The most watery and tasteless pinot noir on the planet.Cali tools must be brain dead to give this a 90 rating,obviously shill rated.With all the bargain priced euro wines out there you would have to be pretty stupid to fall for this shill rated drainpour.
Not sure why anyone would give this wine five stars. Look pass the gimmicky name and label and this wine is horrible. All I can figure is that they wanted to capture the real flavor of wine that was produced in a post apocalyptic time?  I tried to be a trooper and drink it but by my last glass I almost yakked and had to pour it down the drain.  Never again.
This is not what wine is supposed to taste like.  Unless it really was made by zombies.  Honestly one of the worst wines I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing; opened the bottle with three friends, and after we sipped we all just looked at each other before simultaneously deciding to pour it down the drain.  Of note, my 21 year old son grabbed the bottle so as to prevent us from wasting it, and he did finish the bottle, but boy it is a very poor excuse for this varietal.
Bought two bottles of these on sale. Honestly didn't expect a ton judging by the poorly designed label and low price - and was still severely disappointed. Honestly this is the first zinfandel I've hated - it was overly sweet, almost syrup like, and had little to no flavor.As a brewer I wonder if this was even fully fermented - it certainly didn't taste like a wine in the 13-14 percent range. Almost zero acidity and aromas to match the sweetness - and to top it off, both of these had corks that were hard as nails and almost impossible to open (the second bottle I literally had to punch the cork into the bottle - ouch!)Might pair well with a side of brains - otherwise, avoid at all costs
I wanted to like this wine, I really did. I bought it on sale at my local wine shop because my friends and I love The Walking Dead and all things zombies. It's very sweet and after half a glass was undrinkable. We wound up dumping it out a day later and I never do that! I buy cheap wine all the time but this was just gross. The label is fun but save your money and buy a better wine!
They did not stand behind their product. I sent them a complaint and they blew it off.Foreign material in bottle.
I love Zinfandel's. I drink a LOT of wine. This stuff is beyond nasty. Pour some creosote preservative in your mouth. Swish and spit. Then light a whole book of matches. When done burning, pop the remains in your mouth as and chew. Wait a couple minutes and presto. Into Zin.
Wilson Creek is trying to sell their product here for a huge markup!! Look elsewhere chances are at your local Chain wine store or liquor store you will find it much cheaper. It sells many at places for as low as 7 dollars a bottle to 12 dollars a bottle. In California Look at your local grocery store where it's always on sale or at Bevmo and in the Chicagoland Area look at Binny's...
Still didn't notice it wasn't Veuve Clicquot Brut Champagne when I pulled it out of fridge.  But when I took a sip, what a bad surprise.  Maybe it's fine if you like this type of sparkling wine, but it wasn't what I was expecting and I tossed it and put another bottle of Veuve in the fridge!
I did a search of this wine online to find out if others shared my distaste. Turns out I'm alone. Google hits all say what a great value. My partner and I tried this wine independently and both found it to be loathsome. It tastes fleshy like a Petite Syrah. What a weird and unpleasant Pinot Noir this is.
I've had 3 dollar wine that tasted so much better than this. The first thing I smelled was a faint hint of metal and the taste didn't stray far from the smell. The only reason I purchased this wine was because Walmart had literally sold out of every other Cabernet under 15 dollars. I was perturbed by the whole presentation anyway, but was hoping it'd at least taste alright. I've never actually poured out an entire bottle of wine after the first taste before, but I knew I couldn't bear this.
Last night (2-26-14) we went to dinner at the home of two of our good friends. I took a bottle of this along to try it. Right out of the bottle there was nothing up front at all. The finish was a bit odd and by part way through a glass of wine one person said he could not drink it anymore. All 4 of us agreed that the wine was terrible. We dumped about half the bottle down the drain. I think someone confused the price per bottle with the wine rating number. I am going to see about returning the other two bottles.
I tried this Sangria and couldn't drink it.  A couple of sips and the whole bottle when down the kitchen sink.  This wine and so many others, it seems, have a strong sulfite or acidic taste that gives me headaches and an acid stomach!  A couple of days after dumping this bottle of Madria Sangria I purchased a bottle of Cruz Garcia Real Sangria.  There's no comparison.  The two are like night and day with Cruz Garcia Real Sangria being the winner!  I've purchased bottles of this Sangria before.  It's imported from Spain, not California and tastes fresh and fruity like home-made Sangria!  This is the one to buy if you like a wine that is thirst-quenching and frutiy and tastes fresh without a bitter taste of sulfite.  Cruz Garcia Real Sangria has never given me a headache nor acid stomach yet.  If I were you I'd stay away from Madria Sangria Tradicional.  It's junk wine IMO, but the only way to know for sure is to try them both as I have.
I was given this a gift and thought that my friends were being thoughtful. After tasting this, I wonder what I did to wrong them.If you are in your 60's and can remember Cheracol cough syrup then that is exactly what it taste like.Pass on this one!!!
I was intrigued by the description of &#34;bold juicy flavors of pear and melon&#34;. I was not expecting greatness given the price, but hoped for a pleasant experience. However, I found that a more accurate description of the wine would be &#34;jet fuel with a hangover after the first glass&#34;.
My wife had a glass of this at Bosscat and it was not good!!
I tried to order this as a Christmas Gift and had my order cancelled twice for &#34;Technical Problems&#34;.  I sent emails to Bennett Lane Winery trying to figure out that the issue was as I really wanted to get this for my sister.  I never received a response.  Not a satisfied customer at all.  The wine may be very good, but the Customer Service is not and I will not attempt to order anythign from them again.
The name appealed to us. We have been in the wine business and drank wines in Germany, Italy and France and should have known better :)
It's a unique idea, poorly bottled or something wrong.  Taste is strange. Open it later it sprays all over. Ruined a nice shirt and pants.  Cleaning walls and the island was not fun.  Still finding remnants splattered. What kind of wine does this?  Imagine if you had guests.
Purchased for Thanksgiving.  Opened it a few days before to try and poured the rest of the bottle (and other bottles) down the drain.  NASTY!  If you are not (or are serving) a wine enthusiast than Happy Days for you... if you like wine or have experience with other spritzers... Good Luck!  Blahhh!
I brought this to a dinner party, and the unanimous vote was thumbs down.  Sorry for the bad news, but I didn't even think it was drinkable at all.  I had to pour it out.
I did not like the taste.  I was expecting  a better wine flavor and it did not exist.  I actually poured my down the drain.  I was intrigued after watching on Shark Tank but I was greatly disappointed.
Why spend $15 for a bottle of so called watered down wine? I can drink real wine and a bottle of water with electrolytes and actually enjoy the wine...
This is the most foul tasting Chardonnay I've ever put into my mouth. I've tasted pond water that was better.  3.99 is too pricey.  I wouldn't cook with this crap, let alone drink it again.
this is just awful. i do not have words to describe the flavor, its too sweet, and not sugar sweet, more like that awful taste aspartame leaves in your mouth after you've eaten. It just tastes so bad i cannot even choke down the small glass i poured.
It tasted more like plain greek yogurt than cheesecake. I got the sweetness, but it was more like someone dissolved a tootsie pop in the wine. I got a glass down but poured the rest out, waste of $12.99. I will never buy it again, or any of their others.
THE WINE WAS TERRIBLE. AFTER THE FIRST BOTTLE I SPILLED OUT THE REST DOWN THE DRAIN. WINE HAS TO BE REAL BAD FOR ME TO SPILL IT OUT
Purchased this as part of recent Amazon promotion.  Thought I would try it.  This wine's taste was absolutely horrible.  Will not buy again.
Encouraged by the reviews, I bought 12(!) bottles on a very special occasion. Last Monday I opened it and shared with friends. What a disappointment! I hoped it was a bad cork because it was very acid. I don't know what to do with it.  Please, help!!
This is okay wine.  There are many less expensive wines that are better.  However if you must have it, stop in to just about any wine store and pay significantly less.
We purchased this wine locally from Giant Eagle. The fragrance is reminiscent of burnt rubber. Tasted the same. Do not buy.
probably only good for salad dressing or adding a bunch of fruit and agave to make your own sangria.  There are better cheaper wines than this.
Bad wine! Don't even think about buying! Trust me! One sip and down the drain! Napa I love U! Mad in Texas!
This wine was tart and not like any Chianti I have ever had. I was VERY disappointed. Wish I could return this!!
We are Red wine drinkers and Love California wine, but were very disappointed in the Pino Nior it was sour tasted spoiled, would not even use for cooking. The Merolt was very nice. Don't think I will order again unless seller fixes the issue
If you want to drink a mixture of sugar, butter and grape juice, then this is the go-to wine. Don't waste your money...
Sour Sour Sour is all I can say..oh and undrinkable :( If you like the taste of overripe peaches or clementines
I did not like the bait and switch description of this wine after I purchased it.  Furthermore, I did not like that my previous attempts to review the product itself have been rejected.  Buying online is very attractive to buy known wines and having them delivered to your door.
Overpowering punch of pure alcohol overlaying nothing more than the taste of damp cardboard.  Bleh!  There were none of the full fruits others spoke of online.
Not worth it!
No one liked this wine at my Christmas dinner, and no one drank it. I normally do not post something negative about a product, however, in this case, I cannot recommend this wine.This is not a sweet dessert wine, sorry. For 40.00 dollars a bottle, I expected something that I could actually enjoy drinking. I did not taste anything like the Ice Wine that I bought and drank in Germany.
The description sounds great, oak accent with a taste of chocolate.  Not even cloose.  Worst Merlot I've ever tasted.  Extremely viniagry no taste, its bad.  Thats my ipinion at least.  I've had good merlot before I just can't remember 2ho made it
I ordered this for a friend whom's birthday falls on Halloween. I ordered on Oct 26th and here it is Nov 6th and the product is still a no show. Very unhappy now I have no surprise for my friends Birthday. It is ruined
I bought this bottle of win for a gift for my cousin, so I sent it to her in the mail.  She called to tell me the bottle broke and spilled wine all over the book I sent along with it.  She received the broken pieces in a plastic bag with a twistie around the top.I was soooo embarrassed that I sent her a broken bottle of wine for her birthday!
2011 Chateau Bianca Gewurztraminer New WorldThis is a package inside the bottle above that is 2011 pages, the results gave me the wine label is above 2012.
taste bad&#8230;really &#8230; thought i got a great deal&#8230;however you get what you paid! will not buy it again and will not recommend anyone to do it.
cork was wet on one bottle other bottle not sealed and third wine did not taste good at all.  They did refund me for 2 bottles.
Purchased this 6 pack of Wine with the idea of possibly ordering more as gits for friends. This wine was so bad that as each bottle was opened and tasted, the remainder of each bottle was thrown out. Very disappointing purchase for the price that was paid.
was not what I was looking for,very bitter,not sweet at all did meet my expectation .I will never try this again
I drank from one bottle and felt sick afterwards. i bought 3 bottles. i will return them if i can. if not i will throw them away.bottles do not have a regular cork, but a screw-on top. maybe the seal is not that good and the wine went bad?i would not buy this wine again.other people rated this wine favorably. i may have gotten a bad bottle. if i can't return the other two bottles in my order i will open them to see if they also have the foul smell.
check out my review of radiant reds 4 pack. I reviewed my orders of Eliseo Silva mixed 6 pack there.
I ordered the 'radiant reds 4 pack' the Eliseo Silva mixed 6 pack, and the soaring rooster 6 pack. I have now had about 4 of the 16 bottles and can say that they are terrible. Go to Trader Joe's and get his Charles Shaw Blend (three buck chuck) and you'll be way ahead in both price and taste.
All the bottles were screw top non had corks.  Think I got ripped off they had not mentioned this in their details.
I think this is some of the worst wine I have ever tasted in my life. It is way too sweet and not worth the money.
My wife received this collection for her birthday. Two of the bottles came with the corks pushed out. Our guess is that they traveled in very hot conditions. I have tried to contact Parducci as recomended by Amazon. I have listned to the directions and left the required info and contact number. Parducci has not responded, I've given them plenty of time before writing this.Eventually we will sample the two un dammaged bottles. I hope their wine is better than there service.I would not do business with this company and do not recomend them.
We wanted one of these wines to be sweet, but not a one was. If you have sweet wines please submit the names to us and we will order again.Horace
I tried this tonight and found it lacking in complexity, with a bitter aftertaste. My husband and I agreed that it is undrinkeable. I don't often think that about a bottle of wine. It tastes like a cheap blend that isn't worth the price tag, in my opinion. Sad, because I was hoping for more given that it was $15 a bottle at my local store.
It had an odd taste to me unlike any other wine I've had. It's hard to describe, but it's definitely different
This was the worst bottle of Cabernet I've had in a long time.  It is bitter.  It tastes like fortified wine or something.  I'll probably dump it down the drain.  And no, it hasn't gone to vinegar.  It tastes like it has been artificially flavored or something not quite right.
Not just &#34;Jammy&#34; but juiced. I would guess that juice concentrate is added to this wine. Undrinkable. If you like sickly sweet this is your wine. If not, AVIOD!
Zero star - I did not get the Be Mine bundle, just got two plain bottles of naked wine. Ruined our Valentine. We were  both disappointed.
A family member purchased a bottle of this wine after finding this to be the HIGHEST rated red wine on Amazon, above the 6,500+ other red wines available through Amazon.com. Needless to say it was not very good, and I could pick out countless other bottles from the 6,500+ available wine bottles on Amazon worthy of a higher review.Like the other reviewer here mentioned, this company is most likely falsely reviewing all of the FOXEN wine varieties to increase sales at a fairly high price for the bottle. As proof, sort all of the red wines available on Amazon based on rating, and take a look at how many of the FOXEN brands appear in the results. FOXEN wines make up 3 out of the top 5 highest red wines (all though this one may fall after this rating). Quite frankly, these actions should be punished.
I was suspicious of the back to back 5 star reviews that seem to have only taken place over a weeks time.  I did a little clicking on the reviews, none of whom have confirmed buyer status, and they only have done reviews for Foxen wine.  Many of them repeat the same sentences and phrases even.  Nice try but this is very misleading and there should be some way to report this to amazon.I challange Foxen to contact me and send me some of their wine and I'll post the first actual real positive review on this site and change my current review from 1 star to 5 stars.  Just a note to Foxen, you shouldn't charge so much for shipping when most of these other wines have 1 cent shipping
$45 for a Washington state Cabernet? Do you think that you are located in Napa? Stop gouging the public for such a mediocre wine.