I see this champagne consistently rated 90 to 92 eveywhere. But, I honestly don't think those ratings match my experiences. Plenty of non-champagne bubblies will best it at 1/4th the price - which would be a honest price for this. I've had two bottles, a year apart, and it's been the same both times: It's been acidic, thin, lacking complexity and sophistication. Honestly, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone at any price. I've got 30 years of experience with champagnes and that's my review. Your welcome to ignore it, but don't say you weren't warned.
Unfortunately, the wines where the alcohol has been removed tend to have not been completely fermented before the alcohol extraction.  That leaves them very fruity and somewhat sweet.I found the FRE Merlot to be slightly sweet and somewhat palatable.  Since I can no longer drink "real" wine, this is at least something that does not totally offend the senses.
This wine will put off most red wine drinkers. There is a musty inexplicable taste that is not desirable. The color is off maybe due to the vegan standards of not clarifying the wine. Better out there for the price
I'm not a fan of the "Fre" label produced by Sutter Home.  I tried the Fre White Zinfandel when I had to stop drinking alcoholic drinks for about two months.  I don't know if the process of removing the alcohol in an "alcohol-removed" wine changes the flavor, or if it would have tasted the same regardless, but this White Zin tasted like grape juice with an awful sour aftertaste.  I feel like I would have been better off just buying grape juice.
A friend of mine brought this particular brand over for us to try. I had had mead before in California, had enjoyed it, and I was actually looking forward to trying some more. We popped the cork, toasted our glasses, and had a healthy swig. Frankly, it was a little disappointing. I don't really know what the makers were going for. My first thought was that it tasted kind of like tea. Almost watery. Barely a scrap of honey flavor, and almost no taste of alcohol. Granted, I am no mead connoisseur, having only two brands under my tasting belt, thus far. Still, it seems to me that if you're looking for a good mead, it should be stronger, and have more than a whisper of honey.
Bought a box of the FRANZIA &#34;Sunset Blush&#34; bladder wine (wine is contained in a plastic bladder in the box with a spout that you can twist open & closed for filling cups) at Wal-Mart for a New Years party.  Another friend brought in the FRANZIA &#34;Merlot&#34; bladder wine (from their bladders to your bladder) so at this point I've tasted two of the FRANZIA brand wines.The FRANZIA &#34;Sunset Blush&#34; was tolerable, but not great.Both wines will get you economically drunk for a $10 per 5 Liter price range, so I would recommend the FRANZIA &#34;Sunset Blush&#34; far more than the FRANZIA &#34;Merlot&#34;.The FRANZIA Merlot tasted like it was 30% vinegar.No exaggeration.  Bleh!  Horrible.Well, I offered to take the FRANZIA Merlot home with my box of FRANZIA Sunset Blush and have been working on ways to make the FRANZIA Merlot &#34;tolerable&#34; to drink with minimal effort.  My first recommendation is to dilute the heck out the the FRANZIA Merlot with DADS OLD FASHIONED CREAM SODA (it makes everything taste better).My second recommendation is to dump your drinking cup's worth of FRANZIA Merlot into your blender and then force aerate the nasty vinegar wine for 3 minutes or more of just blending with a pinch of BAKING SODA (not Baking Powder, yuck).  That will reduce the horrific vinegar taste considerably.  My next tip is to add in GINGER ALE or GINGER ALE soda mix (the liquid kind).After blending the FRANZIA Merlot to get some air into it and neutralizing some of the vinegar with Baking Soda and covering the horrible taste with a bit of Ginger Ale, you get some inexpensive cheap booze that won't make you reflexively vomit from the taste.
I like all of the Yellowtail wines I have tried, except for this one.  Sam's Club had it on special, so I thought I would try it.  Hey, the bottle was pretty. The good part is that it is not sweet.  I prefer dry wines.  But it has a funny, almost bitter after taste.  I just opened a bottle, let my glass "breathe," and have been slowly sipping it.  Now I think I will just cook with the rest of it.  Maybe it will grow on me.  If so, I will update this review.  I was disappointed.
I wanted to like this wine because I really like Bethenny, but the wine just isn't good.  It really tastes and smells like vinegar.
I bought this Moscato at the store. As most white moscato is usually sweet, I was very surprised to find this Moscato extremely tart/bitter.
I was looking for Shea Vineyards wine (also from the Willamette Valley) at my wine superstore and they didn't have it so I thought I'd try this.  It was disappointing.  Very light color and thin with not much flavor.
This wine doesn't taste like anything, except maybe water.  I can't believe I spent $11 for this.  I don't think it's possible to create a decent Pinot Grigio for under $20, every one I've ever tried has been a disappointment.
This wine is nothing like its name or description suggests. If you want a wine that is extremely dry and sour, with any possible flavor masked by the high alcohol content, then get a bottle of Toasted Head for a lot less money. I paid $22 for this in a local wine shop and was seriously disappointed. Even after letting it breathe for hours, this wine was not good. I ended up making sangria with it!
Saw this at my local grocery store and thought it was worth the $6 to try. It was not. The sweetness reminds me of sugary boxed wines. And it will probably give me a similar sugary headache in a few hours. Cute name, though.
This wine proves that pinot noir from the Sonoma Coast can actually be quiet mediocre, even bad. I ordered a bottle of Annabella Pinot noir at Lot 12 Public House in Berkeley Springs in W.Va. to pair with a succulent venison sausage. The bottle attracted my eye because it was a Sonoma Coast pinot noir for under $40 on the menu. I found it to be harsh, far from the lush, velvety reds I normally envision from Sonoma. I remember it being a 2011 but it could have been a 2012.
The idea is neat and it got a lot of attention until it was opened and tasted. Needless to say' most was poured out. It was just not good wine. Your buying the logo, nothing more!
This wine had a strong medicinal cherry flavor.  I did not enjoy it, would not order again, and would strongly encourage others to look elsewhere.
For an organic wine it is extremely high in sulfates! One sip and I got a headache instantly. My husband liked it, but he doesn't have a problem with sulfates like i do.
i usually finish a bottle of moscato wine in a few days.  this has been in my fridge for a month already and i'm thinking of just throwing it.  i just dont like it
Purchased several bottles and corks disintegrated on each bottle, with a resulting corked and undrinkable wine.  Had heard very good things about the winery, and the Chardonnay in particular, but my results were unfortunately poor.
I found the horse on the label to be the loveliest thing about this wine! And given the price, that was a real disappointment.
I'm disappointed in the price when compared to the overall taste of this wine.  I could not tell you any characteristics of this wine other than liquid smoke.  It is overwhelming and frankly is so unnecessary in wine. It seems like a cheap gimmick to add this flavor, and it is a flavor - this is not natural.  It is apparent on the nose and from the first sip.  Cute label and story, but that's it.
We thought this was a great value, a 90 pt wine for under $15. About halfway through the bottle, almost at the same moment, we said "do you think this wine tastes like smoked salmon?" The answer was "yes". Maybe we got a bad bottle, but we dumped it.
To set the stage, I AM a real wine drinker; been doing friendly dinner tastings for a decade+.  So now I am expecting, cannot drink, but would love a solution for that occasional craving for a rich deep cab.  This does NOT deliver.  No oak, no tannins, no complexity at all; just grape juice.  After reading their process of using real wines & special technique for removing the alcohol, I guess I built up too great an expectation.  Maybe it would have helped if I ran it through some pencil shavings :)
First sip had a weird aftertaste. Sorry, I had high hopes for something smooth and refreshing. It was very well chilled and I was disappointed. Sorry...
I was looking forward to drinking this wine as I received it as a gift for Christmas 2011. Unfortunately, the cork exploded out of the bottle this morning and drenched a corner of my basement. I regularly store wine for lengthy periods of time in my basement which keeps a pretty constant temperature of 50-60 degrees F. The remnants in the bottle still had bubbles in it hours after it exploded. Fermentation was still taking place in the bottle, clearly. The small amount I could have was tasty, but the packaging and process needs some work. Disappointed with the clean up required!
I saw the label and thought &#34;I must buy this wine!!&#34;  I love eating a piece of chocolate and sipping wine so why not combine the process?  Unfortunate I thought the flavoring was too much. The after-taste is funky and after two sips I personally could not stomach another. I even tried to dilute the wine by mixing it with another red. The artificial chocolate essence was still too much.The wine smells like chocolate heaven, but unfortunately it does not taste like it, which is a shame.
I'm not sure exactly what I was thinking, but I thought I would give this a try for an evening with some chocolate and decorating the house with my wife.  We had a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon before this bottle which may have changed the taste a bit.  The smell out of the bottle is is great chocolate.  However, the taste is an odd artificial blend that even letting it air out did not help.  I will just stick with eating chocolate and drinking wine instead of trying to blend the two.
Did not enjoy drinking this.  In fact I don't believe I finished the bottle.  This port has no complexity it was just sweet.  I really enjoy port.  In fact Port is what got me interested in wine.  I had seen a Brett Sherlock Holmes episode in which he solved the case by discerning which glass had crustings.  I bought this because of the Penfolds name and the legendary Grange and was disappointed.
Take it from an experienced sake consumer (over 20 years), the Ty Ku brand sake is mediocre, overpriced, and wrapped in slick, glitzy, marketing hype. There are so many really fine sakes available here now in the U.S. (several dozen, in fact), brands that are produced from breweries that have been making sake for literally, hundreds of years, that to be taken in by this shallow, pretentious marketing campaign just shows how truly uneducated its consumers are.One would do well to get a book or two by the likes of John Gauntner (The Sake Companion, The Sake Handbook - either one) or Rocky Aoki (Sake: Water From Heaven), just to name two, and then get to your local liquor store. From your now informed viewpoint, armed with what I can almost guarantee is superior knowledge to that of the ABC store owner, start tasting - and be prepared to be delighted. Taste a true artisanal sake, tested by time, unadulterated by hype, and perceive the skill of the craftsmen who have honed their techniques through the generations. There are many styles of sake to treasure - junmai, unfiltered, undiluted, honjozo, etc. (and I mean etc., my list is short - get a book).It's not the worst sake one could buy, but the pretentious hype just cheapens the perception of its only-mediocre quality (my Japanese friends tell me the Asian looking characters on the bottle is just pure nonsense and spells/says nothing). Perhaps if the NKOTB Ty Ku serves to open the door to learning more and appreciating what is truly available in the sake realm, well, then I invite you to step through.
The taste was not as expected. Was not enjoyable in my opinion. Not worth the money spent. Sorry but had to give my rating based on this.
The finish was a little bitter, and it was just too dry for us...of course we like swetter wines. If you like dryer reds this is for you.
This is a tiny bottle. I made the mistake of ordering it too quickly and didn't notice. The wine was fair to average.
poor flavor,screw top bottle, not corkedoverpriced in relation to qualityno better then two-buck chuck. I'll avoid this label in future
This is a sub-$10 cooking wine. It has the flavour profile of a bad Riesling - too sweet and not at all interesting.
For a 2009 Russian River wine. I was disappointed. It was not awful, but I have had much better wine under $10.00! This was close to $40. It tasted like it had been stored in the heat.
This is an extremely sweet wine.  In the description of the wine I thought it would be mildly sweet.  I would recommend this wine to someone who enjoys very very sweet wine.
I ordered 3 bottles of the wine and was disappointed with how small the bottles were.  Also, normally when I a bottle of dessert wine, the wine is sweeter.  I ended up giving 2 of the bottles away.
With all the great reviews (and a good deal), I expected a terrific wine, but was really disappointed.This is bland, table wine.  Almost feels like they mixed water in wine.  I bought into the 3-pack deal; hopefully amazon will take returns.
As a retired US Navy Master Chief I like their efforts to support the armed forces through their profits (they say), now lets get to the wine.  It is not good and I am being generous.  It is acidic and has no depth of flavor.  If  this is  a 2009 vintage, I wouldn't want to try their younger efforts.
I love the charity focus and really wanted to love this wine. This zin is thin in body, high and light in fruit  (think strawberry rather than black fruit), and not food friendly. It is drinkable in that open-bar kind-of way, but I wouldn't buy it again. For $18 you can get a very good California red - and I could get a better zin for $10.  I am not sure what would fix this wine - it just isn't right.  I don't think its youth is the primary problem so much as the lack of depth and body.  It almost reminded me of a beaujolais.
I am an enthusiastic red wine drinker and particularly like Syrah, except for this one!  It was too acidic, and lacked the layered taste of every other Syrah I've ever tasted.
Too syrupy and sweet. Didn't like it at all.  Shame I bought 6 bottles cause i don't want to open the other 5.
White wines; one corked the other twist cap.  Probably will not order again.  Good for gift giving and/or group sharing.
have only consumed  the pinot. taste was avg at best and had a terrible headache the next day. not a wine expert by no means but, do enjoy a good grape now and again. had 2 glasses of merlot at ruth Christ steak house and it was delicious. of course it was much more expensive but sometimes you get what you pay for. right?
I was disappointed in this wine. One of my favorite Sauvignon Blanc's is the Kim Crawford.  It is crisp, grassy, tart, acidic without being bitter. This onehope wine, on the other hand, smelled like peaches and grapefruit, tasted like grapefruit juice, and had the bitter finish reminiscent of the pith of a citrus fruit. I tried the wine with a light pasta meal - whole wheat pasta tossed in white wine, peas, parmesan, and prosciutto.  Maybe it was the sweetness of the peas, but the wine tasted cloying, reminding me of a cheap Italian white.  Then, I tried the wine by itself. I liked it better as the tartness overshadowed the fruit, but even thought I paid $8 a bottle due to a recent promotion, I would not knowingly buy it again, even at that price.
I know I know, it's about the wine and not the bottle but the thing is I bought it to give as a gift. I was not happy when I saw the label right at the seam of the bottle and on the bottle numbers. It just looked cheap and of poor quality control - i.e. not really good for gift presentation. It bothers me that Zaca Mesa would sell/ship their trash.
There is an aroma of fermented grape stems, and some of that carries into the taste. There is a little berry flavor, but not enough to be satisfying. While not a dry wine exactly, there is no sweetness either, which (in my estimation) might have improved the flavor.
I bought this mixed pack as a gift and was surprised when the receiving party told me only one bottle was enjoyable, the rest were mediocre to horrible.
When I first opened the bottle I thought this wine was corked.  To me it tastes on the verge of being vinegar.  Since I typically adore deep reds so dry you have to blow the dust off the top of the glass I decided to get two other opinions.Of course I purchased this wine because of the label.  Very cute label if you're giving it to friends and neighbors for Samhain (Halloween).  The first person to taste it felt it was just OK, but had not yet turned to salad dressing.  The second person to try it, whose taste I trust in vino, felt that it worked as a very new wine.  Perhaps my problem with it is that it is just way too new.So I dislike it intensely, but there is a second somewhat favorable opinion for those who like newer wines.  We're still not able to give it a very high rating, though, and neither of us would buy it again.
The bottles were the best part but the wine was a bit rough.  They were ok for the decorative appeal but we didn't even finish the wine.
Never a huge fan of chardonnay to begin with but this one had such a poor afterbite.  I prefer whites but the cabernet from this company for just 1 dollar more was a huge improvement and quite smooth.
My Mom and her husband love sweet wines, we wanted to send them a couple bottles and the description of this bundle matched perfectly. WHAT THEY DON'T MENTION is it gets shipped with a sexy red nightie and instructions for how to have a sexy evening together. We found this out after MY MOM and her husband opened it and we had an extremely embarassing conversation about it when we called to see if they had gotten it. I wrote the winery and didn't hear anything back, I'm not sure how they don't mention the sexy stuff is part of the package but it certainly would have been good to know BEFORE we chose to send it to them.I'm sure it's good but a clearer description of what goes into the box would've been nice and would've made our holiday gift a lot less embarassing.
I don't mind &#34;rustic&#34; but this was not good in many ways. My bottle was slightly corked, it was quite thin and lackingin anything I'm looking for in a red.
I should have looked more closely at what I was getting.  I thought it was a Sweet White but instead the white was an awful tangy Chardonnay.  The Merlot was alright and the Cab was subpar.  But of course...what would you expect?  The Sweet White of this collection is much better - but again, you'd do better not to pay the shipping and get it at your local grocery store.
Gewurtztraminer is among my 3 favorite wines.  This was just...disappointing.  Has a mildly sour taste and nothing distinctive.  It's definitely not too sweet, if that helps at all in your choice.  I'd suggest spending a little more and doing a little better than this.
This certainly was not a $19 bottle of wine. It did not have any flavors that would make it a &#34;rare&#34; or &#34;outstanding&#34; product.
Not well balanced even after prolonged breathing...a true tradeoff between price and pleasure.  Would not purchase again, have had better value at this price point.  Merchant rates 5 stars, though.
This is a mead which is not really quite the same as a wine. It had a bitter undertaste not to my liking..
This tasted nothing like Pinot noir that I'm used to.  I would recommend going to the liquor store and buying what you know is good.
I didn't know what to expect and have never had Niagara wine before. This wine is VERY sweet! Just FYI for anyone else who doesn't know what Niagara wine tastes like. Almost like a dessert wine.