Chaucer's Mead is bland and lacks any subtlety flavor. Tastes as though it was made with micro filtered super heated "Sue Bee" supermarket honey.
Fre Merlot does land on the sweet side of Merlot, but it still tastes like wine.  This isn't grape juice; Fre is grown and created just as other wines, then processed to remove the alcohol.  True, there are "truer" Merlots out there (Ariel), but f you're looking for that tartness on the tongue, try their Cabernet Sauvignon.  I find that Fre is a perfectly acceptable traditional wine substitute.
This stuff is fizzy, so it's tough to chug out of a beer bong.  But when we run out of beer this is the only thing left. Because it's extra fizzy, it sprays out of the bottle extra far when you shake it up and hose down your friends, so I always win the champagne squirt gun fights.The girls say it's hard to clean out of their hair and clothes.  You might want to reserve this stuff for pool parties.
Every now and then I take a stab at finding the Great American Gew&uuml;rztraminer. Perhaps I'm a masochist, especially since I've always been happy with the Gew&uuml;rz coming out of Alsace, with Albert Mann a favorite.But when I saw this Columbia Winery 2009 Gew&uuml;rz going for just under $8, I had to try it.In its favor, it had the classic lychee and wildflower nose of a solid Gew&uuml;rztraminer, albeit softer than some. Despite coming from the same Columbia Valley in Washington as Chateau Ste. Michelle's Gew&uuml;rz, it lacked that competitor's underlying mineralization, which was disappointing. In combo with timid tangerine, melon, and apricot flavors, it was just too simple a wine to hold my interest. It seemed a little unbalanced, with too much residual sweetness and not enough thickness on the palate. You want a honeyed taste in this varietal, while still retaining some dryness and good acids. In the end, this is the kind of wine you share with friends who are not wine drinkers but are still looking for something a step up from Fetzer White Zin.Yes, I know that sounds snobbish, but Gew&uuml;rztraminer is a wine appreciated best by people who love it and know what to look for. This smelled right, but in the mouth it tasted more like a Pac NW Riesling--and a cheaper one at that.Really a 2-star wine, but since Amazon doesn't allow for halfsies, I'll be generous.Oh well, the search continues...
I do not drink a lot of wine and don't have much experience with many different types of wine. I bought this bottle from a liquor store because the label design was interresting to me. It is very dry, and I wonder if it is supposed to taste like it does because it has a screw on lid instead of a cork. It is supposed to be decent according to other websites, but like I said before I am not that big of a wine drinker. Therefore I do not know if it is good. I am sorry if this doesn't help, but I thought I should pass along what I could for anyone else that is unsure. Good luck.
The flavor is a little strong for me but overall I like the wine. I'm still searching for my perfect wine
I lovePinot Noir . This one was average , at best.  I would not buy this again , given the $ 55 shipping fee.  My feeling is that I should have ordered any other 2008 ( a really good year ) Oregon Pinot Noir--- I would have been light years ahead. The people at Chehalem were truly wonderful to deal with.  Too bad the wine was not that good.  Cheers, PJAB
Very decent Pinot. Goes well with soups, salads, and light fare. You could do a lot worse with Oregon's at triple the price.Shop and you will get for $9 a bottle.
This may be a good red to ease into the heavier reds as it is medium light bodied with lots of berries. Bouquet is also very light...you wouldn't know it was a Cab. Rate 86.
At first taste, wine was strong but after several sips I grew to like it. Might purchase again in store.
Generally Sonoma cabs are full and fruity.  The initial taste showed this wine to be too thin and not integrated -- fruit to body.  Excessive pencil graphite nose, meagre fruit.  The wife liked it.
A little tart and grainy, but improves a bit if you let it breath. Not one of my favorites. YMMV
Too pale, too light, too nothing...........They are making colognes like this now, where the scent is so mild and so faint that you wonder why you would bother putting it on........I find that wine and winemakers are like perfumes/colognes and perfumers............mixing this and that, but always writing how great and exclusive and reminicient of this and that........There are a few GREAT ones and then thousands of "nehhhs" and unfortunately price is no indicator......Instead of buying this wine, buy a couple of bottles of something you know you like...
opened the Handley 09 pinot and like it. it got 88 pts from parker and that seems about right  at 20 a bottle it represents good value. some dynamite pinots are produced in that ocean blown sliver of land on 128 just past boonville.  this isnt one of them but its good.I get strawberry on the nose  a pleasant mouth feel and a suprisingly long finish.  a good bottle of wine
I've been trying out a few blended red California wines which I find at a nearby Fresh and Easy Store and a few of them have been exceptional bargains. They're totally unpretentious wines, of course, but some have been exceptionally good values, in my opinion. So, I was back for trying another. There it was up on the top shelf and boldly proclaimed as "The Big Red Monster," California Red Wine 2010. The bottle presented  a lot of hype about how good it tasted and how bold it was, but it didn't show any information about the grape varieties used in the brewing of the wine. Well, I should have known better than to buy. It just doesn't live up to the hype. It's not a bad wine at all. I'd say it compares favorably with many California reds that cost about five to six dollars a bottle. It tastes a little young, and is not really distinct in any way. Other much better reds are available for the same price.Gary Peterson
I enjoyed the charge for 3 bottles, but as a lover of Chardonnay was a bit disappointed in the quality. But, hey.... what do you expect for inexpensive wine?  I'd give it another go, as NO WINE does make for a MAD Housewife !  :-)
It's drinkable, non offensive for sure- just not a lot going on. No complexity. Drinkable, just not overly interesting. Good luckon your wine journey, tasting them is more than half the fun.
I know Kendall takes a lot of pride in coming up with wines that "top" the competition.This one is good, but, Franciscan, Blackstone Reserve (when you can find it) are better for less money.One problem is I am always looking for a big Vanilla, buttery, oaky Chardonay that tastes like the Peter Michaels of 1994, but not even PM tastes like that anymore.....so for Chardonays, I see no reason to spend the big bucks, because the $8-11 Chards are so close to these $15 and even up into the $40......I keep experimenting however........have a Stag's Leap Karia (2010)to try next, but, here again, we're up in the $30+ range...........maybe someday, I'll find that '90's Peter Michael Chardonay........in the meantime........mostly Reds.......
This wine  at first taste seems not rich enough and slightly skunky, which disappates..pleasant enough, just not in any way worth the price.  Sorry, hoped  for at least wanting tobuy it again, which  is my teat for a wine....would I buy another  or wish I had when it was available
Nice clean taste, more like a chardonnay than a Riesling. Good with fish, cheese, and/or salsa and chips. Fast delivery.
I tried a bottle of this.  The wine is OK, but they use plastic "corks."  Those are difficult to remove, and once you remove one, it is difficult to get it off your corkscrew.  It was impossible to get it back into the bottle so, unless you intend to drink the entire bottle, you have to decant it (you need to have a decanter available).  I suppose the plastic corks prevent the wine from corking, but you could accomplish that by properly sterilizing the corks.
It's great that this has a born on date on it of 2008 bot that makes it old and stale. I prefer new wines under 12 weeks old. I did find the flavor to be kind of like Tang so it will go well with Captain Crunch. It tasted a lot like the great wines of northern West Virginia but a little dryer. So over all not a bad wine but if you can find the same thing a little fresher like early to mid 2013 it would be more worth the money.
First, I was dismayed by the screw top....not being a snob, just have never found a very good wine without a cork.  The basic flavor was fairly good, but this wine has a definite &#34;watery feel&#34;.  Would not recommend.
Slightly overpriced for quality of the wine. Other than label appeal, this was about on par with any general Cali Cabs
I don't like reds but this Cabernet was surprisingly better than many others I've tried.  Its smell smelled a little harsh but on drinking, it was very very smooth.  A good purchase.
It's an o.k. chardonnay, didn't have quite the creamy buttery taste that I like in a chard, but it was not horrible.
not spectacular by any means, incredibly average. should have cost 8.00 or so. won't buy it ever again. better luck next time
Decent SB, pretty good for the price, a little too sharply astringent (and I like my SB's grassy and lemony).  But it was quite drinkable and it was fun to try wine from a vineyard not generally available in Maryland.  And I love having the box delivered to the door!  Yay for the new Amazon wine program.  Look forward to seeing it expanded.
I was actually expecting a better sparkling wine, smell better that it taste, and the taste does not last longer. I think is a littler bit pricey compare with other options in the market
This is a great idea for a host/ hostess gift. I wasn't sure how it was going to taste. It is very similar to Merlot. I would pair it with a savory meal.
this wine was not bad tasting but didn't really have any body seemed watered down for a pinot noir. Its still very drinkable with dinner or lunch but I don't think I'll buy anymore of this type.
The 2010 Brophy Clark Pinot Noir from Santa Barbara County looks like a stellar wine based solely on its bottle and label. But just as you can't judge a book by its cover, a classy-looking bottle says little about the wine inside.The contents of that eye-pleasing bottle are akin to the knockout model who wipes off the pro makeup job to reveal just your average girl underneath. The wine itself has a dark cherry flavor with a touch of oaked vanilla, but while Pinot Noir drinkers want lush, this wine can't sustain all its positive parts. In the end, it's too thin to be lush, too average to be memorable. The decision to call after that initial date would be a tough one--and only affirmative if the second meeting was for burgers rather than filet mignon.Finding a wonderful Pinot Noir for under $25 is a grail search for some folks. For most drinking this Brophy Clark, the search would continue.Brophy Clark of Livermore, CaliforniaPinot Noir varietal2010 bottlingGrapes from Santa Barbara County, California13.5% alcohol
I prefer a dry sparkling wine.  This was a little too sweet for my taste, but my friends loved it.
This wine tastes fine and is something I would bring over a friends house who doesn't necessarily know wine too well. This isn't something I would sip on regularly, but I think it does taste better than most other wines that are priced in the range.
I had big expectations of this one - since I LOVE Mark Ryan, but it was just OK - more my tastebuds than the wine itself - too 'thin and tannin-y' in my opinion.
I really wanted to like this champagne but it isn't my favorite.  I've had several almond champagnes and this one is less sweet but has that distinct almond smell that I love.  My husband calls me the sugar fairy so it isn't that this isn't good - I just prefer very sweet champagne.  If you like Brut champagne and almond then you will really enjoy this.  I'm going to keep looking for my sweet almond.
It is what it is. A bargain. Not as sweet as I expected. Drinkable. Wouldn't share with friends over dinner. I will be looking for a different Ice Wine for dessert service, soon.
I am still learning when it comes to wine.  I am no expert.  I do, however, like trying new things and learning what I like.  Personally, dry Rieslings are a bit of a novelty.  I don't come across them often.  Usually, they are sweet (which I do like).  Keeping in mind that I've only tried a few different dry ones, this was alright.  Not the highest quality, but worth a try, if you, like me, like Riesling wines, in general.
I was expecting much softer taste but It is bit harsh. Do not taste as a cheap wine but it could be softer and mellower.
I found this a little thin for a cab, not as full-bodied as I would have expected.  Pleasant, but not impressive.
My nearby Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Market stocks a lot of gourmet items, but the latest one I discovered really surprised me! It's Chocolate Shop Red Wine. That's right, it's a red wine of unspecified derivation, but with a distinctive chocolate over-taste. I had to try it, of course. It's somewhat interesting, but I don't particularly care for it. My  main objection to it is not the chocolate taste, but rather the sweetness. I just don't care for a sweet red wine. It might make a dessert wine, but I have other preferences there. I was going to take a bottle to a dinner party, but then gave up. I just couldn't take the heat. It's an interesting experiment, but I think I'll keep my wine things and my  chocolate things separate. Try a bottle and see what you think.Gary Peterson
Smooth, sweet, and rich of course -- so much so it is hard to have more than one glass or pair it with anything without getting overwhelmed.
Gnarly Head Old Vine Zin has been one of my favorite go-to wines for everything.  It even won 1st place at our blind wine tasting party (against 14 other wines)in 2011.  BUT, I just had my first bad bottle.  Something was very "off" about it.  I do not believe the bottle went bad.  It just tasted way different than what I am used to in the GN OVZ.  It was a more recent year vintage (2010 or 2011) than the other ones I have had so maybe that particular year was not a good year for the grapes (?).  I will buy more and try again.
This used to be a lovely dry Cava with a lingering aroma of honey and I had given it a 5 stars review.  However, the last 3 bottles I opened were all disappointingly lacking in aroma and were basically just an alcoholic sparkler.  I don't know what went wrong.
Bought this FRANZIA &#34;Sunset Blush&#34; wine at Wal-Mart for a New Years Party.It was not great wine, but is a tolerable booze for drinking.It has a good fruity &#34;first taste&#34; (when it enters your mouth), but decreases in quality as it passes your uvula &#34;mid taste&#34; where it takes on light bitter watermelon taste which is not pleasing, the &#34;throat taste&#34; is mostly neutral, and the final &#34;exhale taste&#34; (when the volatile alcohol vapors vaporize off your throat to enter your nose and provide a final taste) is mostly neutral.Not a bad wine, just not a great wine.  Cheap booze to give you a bit of drunkenness, but no serious intoxication.My best recommendation is aerating your FRANZIA brand bladder wines by pouring your cup in a blender and mixing it with air for about 3 minutes.  The &#34;Sunset Blush&#34; wine can be improved with a bit of soda or even a bit of premixed Kool-Aid or Ginger Ale.  This wine works best as a mixer drink additive or as a mild cooking wine.I warn you though.  Avoid the FRANZIA &#34;Merlot&#34; brand red wine as it is mostly vinegar (yuck).  I have posted a review giving you tips on how to decrease the horrible taste of the FRANZIA &#34;Merlot&#34;, but it is simply far easier to avoid the FRANZIA &#34;Merlot&#34; entirely unless you've got a lot of cucumbers to pickle into Merlot Booze Pickles as the vinegar content in that wine is horribly nasty.
This is an everyday red wine that was average.  Not very sweet, not too dry, but certainly not bad by any means.  Will buy again.
This wine is a simple red. Very light with a grapey flavor no complexity throughout. Drinks like a merlot. Its very easy to drink alone, but it would be drowned out by any food.
I had heard great things about Black Box wine, so I decided to give it a try.  I purchased the 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (3L) as cabs are my fav.  Here's my thoughts. And a little disclaimer - I am definitely not a wine expert, I just like to drink!1) It smells off.  I don't quite know what it is, maybe sour grapes, which makes sense since it is wine, right? But is more sour in "a mop that has been sitting around too long" sort of way than a "fruit" way.2) It tastes like sour grapes and feet.  I assume these grapes were mechanically pressed for juice and fermentation and not stepped on - but it definitely tasted like someone stuck their in these grapes. And not clean, just washed feet, but feet that had been sockless in shoes during a run.  I don't know why, but once I thought about the foot smell, I couldn't get past it. And the sour grape taste is normally fine with wine, but it was not a clean, crisp sort of taste I was expecting from a wine which has purportedly won so many medals.Maybe I had a bad lot of wine? Maybe I'm just not a fan of the Black Box Cabernet Sauvignon? I would be willing to give another Black Box grape or vintage a try, but if your tastes are like mine, the 2012 Cab is borderline barely drinkable. In fact, as terrible as this sounds, I'm not going to even try to finish another glass and will end up tossing the rest.I can only give it 2 stars because I did let a glass sit out to aerate and it was only slightly more drinkable.  Maybe if I was eating a really really strong cheese, then this wine should be served. Maybe.UPDATE:So I decided to keep trying the wine and for some reason, it did start to taste a little better to me over the few weeks after I had initially opened it.  I definitely think it needs to aerate (I didn't try using a decanter, but I bet that would improve the flavor more for me).  Anyway, it actually turned out to be a decent box wine, but not really rave worthy.  I would recommend the Big House Boxed Cab (If you are looking for a good boxed wine) - I felt it was just smoother and better tasting.Overall, I am giving the Black Box Cabernet Sauvignon 3 stars.
I have had Estancia Meritage many times with different vintages.  I usually love it.  This vintage is nothing special.  Very ordinary wine with no outstanding character.  The wine took about 3/4 of an hour just to open up and become drinkable.  Rather than a soft Meritage this wine is quite tannic.  In the $19 range there are better values.  Note also that the label does not match the one pictured. The 2010 is62% Cab, 27% Merlot, 7% Petit Verdot and 4% Malbec.
Washington Merlots seem to miss the mark by a little, and this one is no exception. Easy to drink, it works with cheeses and light meals, but is not worth the price IMHO.
Meh, not horrible & certainly cuts a few calories innovatively.  True enophiles will grow tired of the watered-down nature of it, electrolytes notwithstanding. However I see it as a giving Skinny Girl a run for its money if enough people are aware of it.
Unlike the Syrah Spritzer... these bottles were consumed.  Not sure why you would buy a spritzer when you can mix your own and let the person mix their own ratio of wine to spritz.  Okay... but not impressed... surely not buying again.
Haters of dry white wine will love this. It's not bad wine, but it's much too sweet for a Chenin Blanc and can't stand up to spicy seafood dishes, etc. like a Chenin should.
Decided to give this a try today. It does have a distinct Cheesecake flavor. Wouldn't call it the greatest of all time but I think it tastes good. Pairing it with dark chocolate seems to have been a good call.
The 2011 Pinot was just okay.  I would call it an inexpensive table wine.  This Pinot lacks flavor and substance and I'm surprised at the multiple 5 stars.  Pinots are generally mild and easier to drink but this is very mild and goes down too easy.  For the price, it's fine (bought a 6pk because of previous reviews and the tremendous deal).  So, even though there are stellar reviews (5 stars), be cautious... the price and the taste go hand in hand on this wine.  I'd like to try the other reds because I love the charity One Hope supports and in hopes the other wines are better.**** Update: I had someone else taste this wine to see if my palate was off the day I tried this Pinot (I'm still amazed at the other 5 star ratings).  This person primarily drinks Pinot and he made similar remarks. It lacks flavor and not really enjoyable to drink... Boring.Great Charity but I'd rather send money instead of buy the wine.
I bought two bottles of this and am glad that I did. It is brut, but it isn't the driest sparkling wine in the world. It has a bit of a funny taste when swallowing it but thankfully no cloying aftertaste. So it was fine to eat with our Christmas dinner, but I wouldn't bring it to hosts as a gift.
This has a dry, fruity aroma. It is also dry on the palate with a slightly bitter finish. There is a slightly sour fruit flavor to it as well. It's not bad, but I've had much better for less money.
This took a long time to arrive, so if ordering in hot or freezing weather, keep that in mind. We thought this was okay. We bought it during a big promotion ($8 or so a bottle) and we think we got our money's worth. If I were to spend $14-$18 I would buy Mumm Napa Brut Prestige or a mid-range, dry Proseco. But, this was not bad. Nicely dry with flavors of granny smith and tropical fruit. Crisp, smallish bubbles are pleasant. Like all of the OneHope wines, it is a tad acidic, but it makes great cocktails, especially a St Germain.
I came across a 2011 bottle of this and absolutel loved it. So much so that when i saw th 2012 on the shelf at $8 a bottle, I picked up a case. It seems very young. The Amazon review speaks of pen ink... at first I laughed at this but in reality, there is an element of ink. Not my favorite flavor. Still, there's enough going on in this bottle, that I contnue to sip away.And so, i will wait and hope.  Maybe in another 8 months the 2012 will mellow into something akin to its elder goddess sister.
Just another average wine.  Nothing bad to say about it.  There is nothing special about it.  You can find just as good or better at the grocery store for the same price or less.  I bought it to give away, so it served its purpose.
The Pinot Gris was good but I was not fond of the Chardonnay too oaky and dry.  the pricing was not that great for the quality
This one was very thick and sweet. Good only for drinking alone, as it overpowers anything else. Has some rough overtones and does not finish well.
The RED one was  a little drier than I prefer...but the others were good.  I do like sweeter wines.. I won't get it again.
The wines are good, the dark red isn't as sweet as I thought it would be but it's good none the less. Thanks again for it.
This wine is at least 6 years old so it may not be to fresh. But I do find it a very interesting offering but the name is way to long. It has a fruity taste kind of like liquid Fruit Loops mixed with beer. It is slightly dry with a touch of wetness especially when spilled. It is a great wine with Spaghetti O's or spam. So not the best but a nice buzz on a weekend.
Part of me feels like I'm drinking Boone's Farm from high school. Another part of me doesn't care because its got this inviting grapefruit taste that makes you look past its almost-too-sweet flaws. It was under $10, its summer and if I had friends here, I'd think it would be fun to try. And I bet, in that environment, it would be perfect and enjoyable.Ultimately a little too sweet for me. But guess who just finished the glass?Oh and definitely better chilled or even, dare I say, with ice cubes.
For a red wine, I think Gallo Hearty Burgundy is better, and a better buy. Of course, that's not a Cab, but I'm not a connoisseur, either. It's nice that one can get wine delivered, but a PITA to have to be home day-in-day-out just to sign for it. For my money, TJ's &#34;two-buck-chuck&#34; (Charles Shaw) Shiraz is a far better deal, as is their Cab. I understand the convenience of delivery, but, hey, I can use the exercise! Give it a try if you'll be home for the delivery window, but it's not a bargain IMO.
I am not a wine expert so my opinion is not very worth while.It was ok.  I personally would not buy it again.But for some it is probably worth a try.
Not sure about this.  I bought the wine for a birthday present and had it sent to her house.  She has not opened a bottle yet.
The wines were just OK, but for the price I did not expect too much.  It is a convenient feature if I were in an area without a decent wine store.  But, I am, so I probably will not do this again.
We bought this during a recent promotion and paid about $8 for it. I'd say that was about right. Of the three OneHope varieties, I have tried so far, this one is the most drinkable. It is thin in body, but the fruit is cherry-like and pleasant. The wine does tend toward the sour end of the acidic spectrum.  It is easily overpowered by food. The oak is present, but not overwhelming. My main problem with it is its light body and thin texture. I prefer big full bodied reds with big fruit finishes. I won't buy again, but at least I don't regret buying this one.
This was a good table wine that very much reminded me of Italy. I believe it would pair easily with any dish you serve it with.
Thought this table wine would be a bit more flavorful....very watery & bland....would not recommend..................
Wine was not what I expected. It was bitter but I can't judge. Everybody has different tastes when it comes to wine.
The wine is very smooth with a mature character. Great choice for family gathering. It's recommendable. Will definitely buy it again
There are hints of lemon on the nose with a complex mix of flavors on the palate and a slightly bitter finish. (I can't really place the fruit flavors.) It is OK, but nothing I am likely to buy again. It is definitely not worth $18.00 per bottle + shipping!
Had to get it for the bottle, love me some Floyd.  Wine was not my favorite...
Pink Floyd is one of my favorite band. I just drank half bottle of this while &#34;Time&#34; was playing in my speaker, the flavor is okay. When I got my wine delivered by UPS, the wines were hot!!! I believe the high temperature destroyed the flavor. I won't buy wine online anymore, they can't keep them at a proper temperature while transporting.
Not one I would re-order. It lacks body - too light on flavor. It is lightly sweet and two out of five friends liked it, so there is a market for this wine, just not one I would order again. The price is right.
You're really buying the Rock Star names for fun, not great wine, though they are passable and drinkable, not my favorites. Thought I'd try them for the fun of it. This will be a one time thing for me. There are better wines out there for the price.
I received this as a gift.  As a classic rock fan, I love the bottles.Drinkability-wise, they are all OK.  My favorite was the 2011 Merlot &#34;Rolling Stones&#34; bottle.Next would be the 2011 Cab that was &#34;Pink Floyd&#34; and finally the &#34;Police&#34;I will save the empties on a shelf in the basement as mementos.
But I can be surprised - this time I was not. It did not come up to the new Zinfandels that are now on the market for less cost.
Sent this for Christmas to my son and daughter in law with some other wines from the same company. They enjoyed this one.  I didn't give 5 stars because I found out that the price was higher than was offered on another site and I wasn't pleased with how long it took to deliver. I would consider ordering again if their delivery time improved.
Its ok
Parducci's been making solid wines for a long time now.  Have never had a bad glass.  Not my #1, but definitely a great table wine for most any occasion.  Pretty good price here too.  Competitive with some of the best deals I've seen in stores.
The port was excellent, however the cork was in bad shape. Crumpled, portion went into the wine, had to be strained and filtered
We enjoyed two of the three wines.  Not the best wine that is why the 3 stars, but ok for casual
This wine was good but not the best I've ever tasted. The taste and quality are consistent with the price.
I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means.  However, I did expect to get decent wine for the price.  I guess you could say I got what I expected because this wine was no more than decent.  The reds were acceptable, but the whites left  something to be desired.  I guess it takes more to make white wines that are good.  Whatever it is that makes a white really enjoyable is lacking in these.  I like my Sauvignon Blamc to have a strong citrus flavor.  The stronger, the better.  The Sauvignon Blanc in this selection was mediocre.  For me, the Chardonnay was almost not drinkable.  If you decide to try One Hope, either buy it because you know part of the sales go to charity (hence the name One Hope) or find a selection that offers only reds.
Tried the wines and was not really impressed with the flavors. Maybe if they let them age a little longer would have a great product? It's just like they save, you get what you pay for!
I wanted one item and did not get the expected item at all.  I got the item to give to someone and was disappointed to have this item which was not as pictured.
It's a relatively well-made wine for the price.  Nice red fruit and acid balance, but definitely not a Burgundy.  You can tell it's a level up from the usual Parducci production which is also generally good value for the $.  I also happen to like a few of the Mendocino County wine producers.  At $14, I would recommend it.
This is palatable moscato; slightly sweet, not bitter...no weird aftertaste.  But it leaves something to be desired.  It doesn't have the freshness or zest I appreciate in a good white wine.
Not what I thought, much like wine. Had to try it.
This product was good, but not quite what I was expecting.  The product is a peach flavor, but it's hard to notice the peach over the spices that are in it.  I found I was mostly tasting something like cinnamon.  Not a bad mead, but if you're expecting a strong peach flavor, this one doesn't provide that.
It's ok!  Muscadine based wines.  Not my particular favorite taste.  Really nice personal touch with thank-you signed by company owners.
I tried this pack after having tried their 3-pack.  I'm not a huge fan of merlot (which is the difference between this one and the 3pack).  I would personally stick with the 3-pack next time, similar value and varietals that I like.  I think their Zin is significantly better than the Cab and Pinot, and all of them are better than the merlot.
I tried the red. Didn't really care for it. I don't really like dry wines. I haven't tried the whit yet, but looking forward to it. The bottles are beautiful though.
While the wine was good, it was overdue by a week.  When I contacted the shipper, I was told it was due to weather.  No problem.  But then they asked me to pay for expedited shipping.  If the weather was bad forUPS wasn't it bad for fed ex as well?
We buy a Moscato at a local Italian restaurant and we love it. This Moscato is a little more tart than what we are used to.
It was aight, I mean I'm not wine connoisseur, but I do know my way around hard liquor.  It was aight.
It should be noted that this is in fact a Cuvee Dom Perignon, which is Moet and Chandon's mid-tier vintage and not top-tier Dom Perignon proper. Given it's age the price is not extremely outrageous, but do know what you're buying.
I've had this wine several times before and loved it (for the price), so I suppose this review is more for the order than the wine itself.I've opened two bottles of the six I ordered. One was awful. There's no cork, so that's not the problem, but I imagine the bottle was not properly stored. Good grief, it was bad.The second bottle was delightful.So, I'm in a pinch because I'd love to bring a bottle to a friend's dinner...but will it be terrible or delicious? Alas.
I bought this as a gift for a gift exchange, so I didn't personally drink it. The person that did said the following:&#34;Very easy to drink in one sitting? Ha. My wife and I killed the bottle in a short time frame, so I will go on the record stating it was just as good as Ecco Domani (that's what we drink 99% of the time and this was comparable!).&#34;I would say that it's worth it *if* you buy enough to get 1 shipping; otherwise, you can get comparable wine at the grocery store for cheaper ($23.95 for the bottle and shipping to an *eligible* state). Ecco Domani is $6-13 at my grocery store.If I ever need to purchase wine in mass quantity to ship somewhere else, I'd probably do this again.
Some of the wines were really good, some were really harsh. The shipping was annoying, because the bottles were able to rattle around and two corks worked themselves loose and leaked. We're debating whether to order the wines we liked again.
I prefer the german reisling wines, they are not quite as sweet as this one.  I'm afraid I will not be purchasing this again.
My first VA wine tasting.  This was okay, but compared to the wines from TX, OR and WA, it really wasn't of the same quality.
its ok
The rose is too sweet. I haven't try red and white hopefully it will taste better.