This wine is terrific!  All the Wines That Rock selections are great. Delicious to drink and beautiful to look at! Thank you for a superb wine!
I had the Merlot as part of a dinner & wine combo. I was shocked at how good this chep wine was. I drank 3/4 of a bottle without any headaches. That  alone makes it with buying!
For a once in a while treat nothing beats this treat! It is full of flavor and has a crisp, sweet taste! Can't get enough!
Purchased a bottle at Mikuni (Japanese bistro) in Davis, CA.  $42 for the bottle was a great value as the taste is smooth and flavorful.  Nice bouquet and it is semi-dry, semi-sweet and very smooth.  Reminds me of Mu (another delicious (Junmai Daiginj&#333;-shu) which is amongst my favorites.  Served to me chilled (~55F) and tasted amazing with my sushi.  Not sure how it would taste warm as I don't enjoy warm sak&eacute;.  Packaged in a high quality two-piece box, there is an aluminum pull-tab seal and a new cork is included for sealing if you choose to consume more in the future.  Highly recommend - hope to see available on Amazon soon.  Arigat&#333; enjoy :)
Dark red violet color; tart currant, menthol nose; tasty, tart currant, menthol palate; medium-plus finish - 92 points (tasted 10/5/11)
I had this wine while on vacation in L.A.  Once home I began looking for it. Happy to have found it.
Surprising complexity for a cheap wine. Very tasty, especially at this price, with nice blackberry notes and a tannic finish.
If you enjoy a Gew&uuml;rztraminer that is true to its varietal strengths--floral nose, lychee and citrus flavors, with a bit of pear--AND you enjoy sweet wines, then this is a winner. If it has any weaknesses, they are in the relative lack of Gew&uuml;rztraminer spiciness and a slightly vegetal finish. Otherwise, this is a fine value in a white wine. Will pair nicely with fruit, desserts, and Asian foods. Or enjoy it alone.
We started using Black while living in Singapore.  Good evening drink while visiting with family and friends.  Have not be able to locate until now.  Sorry it is out of stock.  Let me know when I can order.
This is a complex, powerful cab. Not too much oak, and should continue to get better in the next 5-7 years, although it is fantastic in 2013. Highly recommended.
Four stars here for the value more than taste, not to say it's mediocre, just far from exquisite. It's called "Sake" in English, but in Japan, that term refers to all alcoholic drinks in general. The Japanese call it Nihonshu. It is often referred to as rice wine. However, unlike wine, sake is made through a brewing process more like that of beer.If your looking for a table/house Sake, or a Sake to cook with, this is it. The taste is far superior to Gekkeikan, Ozeki or for that matter even Sho Chiku Bai Junmai, though the latter does have a few nice premium choices in the same price range. This Sake can be served warm or cold, the flavor is perhaps best served cold, but for a change, when you come in from a cold winter day slip into a warm glass of Sake (between 110 and 130 degrees) it's a wonderful way to warm up! Kampai!One more thing, once you open a bottle of Sake it starts to oxidize, it will loose its "best taste" after only three hours or so. You should buy in the appropriate size bottle (as much as you are likely to consume in a sitting). You can some times find this brand in a wax covered milk carton style container, this allows you to squeeze the container until there is no oxygen left inside before you seal it. Or you can seal the bottle with a wine vacuum top. this will extend it for three or four days. There is no danger in drinking it after that but you will notice a difference. Do not store Sake for more than three months it does not keep well.
I have to admit, I picked up this wine because it was on sale for $5, and I was curious.  But for the price, it's surprisingly good.  It's a little dry at the start (more like a Chardonnay than a Sauvignon Blanc in my opinion); but the finish is very smooth, and to my palate it has notes of grapefruit and vanilla.  I would definitely purchase it again.
There are a lot of folks who seem to just want to exercise their wine vocabulary to say this port isn't good. Well I am no expert but it's cheap and tastes like a strong sweet wine. I enjoy it. In fact my husband keeps asking me to slow down and stop drinking it. Oh well.
Light medium brown color with pale meniscus and ruby lights; coffee, walnut nose; tart coffee, walnut, fig palate; long finish - 91 points (always one of my fave 20 yr old tawny ports)
I was hesitant to try this wine.  My friends love it and are big sugar lovers.  I'm more of a natural sugar lover, eating usually fruits instead of candies and cakes.  When over at their house, I caught a whiff of it and passed on several occasions, sure that it just wouldn't be my thing.  Then, I finally gave in and tried it.  I think why I can take this is due to the good amount of alcohol content.  The sweetness really compliments the bite combining into a good dessert wine to give you a pleasant buzz about you.  You're not going to get drunk on this stuff.  You'll probably die of sugar poisoning first, but the point is its a sipping wine you take at the end of a long day that warms you up and really hits the spot.From one non sugar/non wine lover to another, a glass of this is a welcome sight after a long day.If you can, try and find it local.  It's much cheaper than anywhere else online.
If I can handle a lot of sugar then I would score this as a 5 but I score it as a 4 because it is very very very sweet, I can't drink a lot of it. It tastes exactly like Baja Rosa and Baileys. Lots of alcohol punch to it, I am surprised its only 14%. Overall it is a good buy, but I taste more chocolate in my soy milk than this. I would rename this company as Cremevine if it were me!
C.G. DiArie's zinfandels have a quality that is rarely found with this grape -- elegance. This clearly comes from skill in the vineyard and in the winemaking process. They achieve this elusive quality without sacrificing any of the brawny boldness that good zins always deliver. These qualities are evident in this example of an Arie zin which is a good value, well priced for an excellent wine.
I am not a wine expert, but I know what I like. I liked this wine. It is an excellent value. Would recommend visiting their winery...My favorite is Interlude.
I resist joining wine clubs but DiArie is the exception and Chaim's Zinfandels are the reason. I wish I had Chaim's palette.  I don't but at least I have his Zinfandels to enjoy. You can probably find better Zinfandels, but you'll pay a lot more. I highly recommend DiArie's wine.
Some wines feed the ego; some set the stage for marvelous times with friends.  I know little about wines except this...the three evenings Di Arie wines have been on the table have been three of the most marvelous imaginable.  Getting to 'marvelous' means everything has to be just right, and the Di Arie Zin's played their roles masterfully.
Found this at a local Fresh & Easy store, decided to give a try. Very good for six bucks you can't go wrong. I was pleasantly surprised. Medium body, but still a little on the lighter side, fruity, totally enjoyable. Perfect everyday wine.Went back and purchased a case!
This was introduced to me and i like it, smooth yet fragrant not harsh. The no sulfur makes quite a difference and the price is reasonable.
This is one of the best 100% Organic wines i have tasted. Fairtrade, No Added Sulfites and at a great price. Impossible to beat.
We like this sweet slightly fizzy wine. I think it is a Moscato d'asti variety. it is not as bubbly as Asti Spumante. It is very smooth and easy to drink.
Medium dark cherry red color with pale meniscus; floral, tart red fruit nose; floral, tart red fruit, rosehips palate; medium-plus finish 90+ points
I used It with dinner, makes a very good table wine, good body, good flavor not overpowering with the food
Very subtle but full taste, just like a colder climate Pinot should taste.  This is one of the best American Pinot's I've hade.  5/5 for the taste, 4/5 for the price/value ratio.
Ripe black fruit, berry, clove nose; berry, deep plum palate; medium-plus finish, a very solid Shiraz - 91 points (tasted 10/14/09)
Do not buy this wine unless you want something in your life that you want instead of everything else.I had doubts. I like dry unoaked whites. But someone talked me into trying this, and it completely seduced me, its jewel-like colour, its surprising dry, yet mouth-full-of-berries experience, an irresistible mystique. It is not like any other wine I have had, and nothing like insipid and timid roses of my past. I could become a happy wino with this wine if I allowed myself, but instead I will pine away until the next bottle. I probably shouldn't even be allowed to review it, because I think we're in love! I know I am.
Bought a bottle yesterday at the great National Wine Collection (Enoteca) in Siena, and in reading the label describing its "fruitful"ness (fruttato) and chardonnay base, had expected a wine best for dessert or apperitivo. Well tonight, after dinner, when we ran out of the white we'd been drinking, we opened this.Surprise! It was bone dry, delicious, with a great lemony-straw finish. Really liked it. Will look for it back in the States when we get back, or order here through Amazon. Plus, the label is a corker... Recommended!
This is a very mild Merlot. Extremely smooth chocolaty start with very slightly fruity middle. The finish is smooth but not as smooth as I'd like it. Lack's the richness I'm looking for in Merlot but really a great casual drink to enjoy with food.
Smooth wine. I never expected it to be as good for the price.. jump on this. It's not a heavy wine, it'sa bit on the "fruit forward" style but it's a hell of a buy! I believe there are good ten to fifteen dollar wines around for daily consumption, and this is proof.
I am relatively new to drinking wine so I don't know a lot yet, but I do know that I prefer blushes and whites.  One of my favorite is White Merlot (Forest Glen is a favorite brand) - but also like Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio - and such, just so you know what my tastes are...  I recently tried this at a wine tasting and it was excellent!  Soft and bright -and very easy on the palate.  They also sampled a Chardonnay (different brand), that I didn't like at all - so this definitely gets high marks from me - so much so that I brought two bottles home for later!
I bought the Picket Fence pinot noir at a discount at the local Kroger, along with about ten other vintages.  After having consumed a lot of chianti before this bottle, I thought it was very mellow and fruity without any bitter or sour.  It finished clean.  I'm going to drink through the other bottles, but I've already made a mental note to buy some more.  I think I'm off my San Giovese kick for now.  I don't live in CA, but I did visit the Alexander Valley, through which the same Russian river meanders.  Beautiful country.  Good wines.  Buy some, you won't regret it.  I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the fact that I am snobbishly saving the fifth star for wines over $100/bottle, which means no wine will ever get a fifth star (as I'm cheap).  Therefore, it gets a de facto four out of four stars.
I'm heavily into organic foods, and I don't like the idea of putting artificial sulfites into my body.  I always go with organic, no-sulfite added wines.  I've tried a dozen or more.  I have bought Our Daily Red more than any other.  It's fairly cheap for an organic wine, and it's overall pretty good.  It's a little on the dry side, so if you don't like that, this may not be a good fit for you.  I didn't like dry wines to begin with, but this wine has really grown on me over the last few years.  I've gone through dozens and dozens of this wine, and right now, this is my go-to wine.
I enjoy the flavor and the tannins on this wine and most important I am not adding Sulfides to my body.  Good find.
Conditions: split the 750 into two 12 ounce bottles, tasted 24 hours apart. Yesterdays 12 ounces showed classic Grenache fruit forward and medium intensity. Score 85Second day 12 ounces was deeper and the fruity forward of yesterday has mellowed into a more complex taste. Fuller bodied after 24 hours and more enjoyable. Score 87Excellent value for its modest price, but I would not expect this wine to get better over the long haul.
this is a nice fine we had it with your dinner goes well with lamb. Usually if I drink more than two glasses the next day I will have a headache. However, this wine was great did not get a headache
the title tells the story. i just ordered a glass of this for dinner at a local italian eatery and didnt know what to expect. I dont drink wine very often but developed a taste for zinfandel when i was stationed in Germany years ago. This seems less dry that what I remeber but very flavorful without being too fruity.I was surprised af the color which is more chardonay then zinfandel but it doesnt matter. I like it. I hope you will too!
and you know who you are,this is a pinot that over achieves for the $$.  Earthy and dark on the front end with a gamey edge.  Mellows out in the middle.  Decent finish. For my taste buds the best $20 pinot.  Prince of Pinot rates it a great value and yummy!
Many reds show their depth closer to room temperature. For those vinophiles who appreciate a red that holds up to a decent chill, Gnarly Head's 2010 Merlot is an excellent value.Gnarly Head is a wine brand I usually ignore, but for a pizza dinner I wanted a cheap red, and this was under $8. With no time to chill, the first glass was underwhelming. A bit too much acidity came through on the finish, and the wine had diesel notes--a common characteristic in some ambitious reds, but not one I like in a merlot.In a startling turnaround, the next day's drinking with a decent chill proved this to be an outstanding red for the money. Lush, with loads of varied dark fruit, and a velvet finish with excellent balance, it shone when served cooler, something many reds do poorly. Highly recommended at 55 degrees F, and a good choice for white wine drinkers who normally shun reds.
I was never having hard drinks, as I'm a Beer lover all the time!It was in one of the coldest winter during college life. I was having cold and it wasn't getting better for continuous 3 weeks.Then one of my friend came to rescue by offering Old Monk. I was reluctant in having any sort of hard drink. But he insisted it could help in getting rid of the cold. And finally I had 4 pegs and it worked like a charm. Cold was gone in next 6 hours and I felt much better.Since then, Old Monk has been one of the best companion during winters, whenever there is extreme cold, I prefer having Old Monk rather than Beer ! And guys this does taste good despite its strong flavor. I recommend just try it once and it can give a run for money to any other international Rum brand !!
This is a nice wine....great  with meatballs, pork and beef, tom sauce and  can see why it would be good with strawberries.Did not go well with gravlax, the salt and sweet cancelled out each other.  Usually the wines I drink are forgiving and  adaptable  to most everything on my table.Pinot , called the ultimate food wine..I think this one is great  with  great Umami  kinds  of food with mushrooms, tomatoes,soy sauce , onions, garlic, evoo,Pretty nice on its own and with Spinach pie (Greek)Spanokopita, also with Brie.
Very dark ruby color; ripe blackberry, black currant, boysenberry, vanilla nose; tight, ripe black currant, cassis, berry, blackberry palate with sweet, firm tannins; needs 3-4 years and should go 20-plus; medium-plus finish 92+ points (90% Cabernet Sauvignon, 6% Merlot, 2% Cabernet Franc, 2% Petit Verdot; 13.9% alcohol)
Has a lot of character. Not too fruity, not too dry and not too expensive either.  I would definitely recommend this.
This wine was quite pleasing to the palate - strong, yet smooth with rich oak and cherry flavors, very well balanced.  Enjoyed immensely!
Strong renderings of apricots and limes. Has a slight carbonated flavor. Serve chilled in a bucket of ice, otherwise you will have to endure a warm soda pop taste. Absolutely quenches your thirst like nothing else on those 90 degree summer days we have been having. Will give you a nice buzz after one glass or so. Taste terrific with swiss cheese rustic bread and butter stir fries and creamy italian dishes like fettuchine alfredo.
Really nice wine for just enjoying wine with cheese or fruit. It may be inexpensive, but it goes down smooth and it is real find.
The wine is just sweet enough to drink with or without food.  The 7.5ml bottle comes with a screw top.  This is nice for the person who wants only one glass of wine.
This is as close to homemade white grape wine.  Nice flavor,  something like ice wines.would recommend as a favorite.
Bought a 2010 about a year ago, just drank it.  It is not fine wine, but it works.  I would guess the blend is about 40% cab and 60% sangiovese, but it is not particularly tannic or bright sour cherry as some sangioveses tend to be.  It is a fun party purchase.
A very good blend. I hate blended wines but was pleasantly surprised by this light, crisp, slightly sweet, fruity wine. I will most definitely be enjoying another bottle.
The only other review was in complete contradiction to my experience.  The bottle was a gift from my neighbor, and the two of us drank the whole bottle (two large servings each).  I normally shy away from wine, even though I love it, because of the next-day-headache i always get.  Having not had any wine in quite some time, I was dreading the headache I was sure I would have the next day.  But to my surprise, I did not have one!  The taste was fine ... nothing earth-shattering ... But it was good, and no headache.
A few weeks ago, I made a visit to the Lone Eagle Grill in Tahoe. This restaurant was one of those overpriced places where you pay $55 for a steak, and then an additional $11 for a side dish. Though I had high expectations for the night and for my meal, I was let down in nearly ever aspect. The service was horrible and the food was just as bad.Anyway, my point is that the restaurant's one saving grace is their wine service. They deliver their wine menu via iPad, and they have a dedicated sommelier. Though our server refused to get the sommelier for us at first, once I finally spoke to her, we had a wonderful conversation about wine and the ability of cabernets to accentuate the qualities of a ribeye. She let me try a few of the wines with my ribeye, in addition to the glass of Educated Guess I had ordered, and I was happy with my choice of the Educated Guess. This wine stands up well against the fattiness of something like a ribeye. It was bold enough to cut through that fat and deliver flavors to one's taste buds, but it was well-balanced and gave a nice mix of sweet fruity flavors and had some of the boldness you'd expect from a cabernet.My only qualm with this wine was that it lacked some of bold flavor that I've come to expect from the rich Chilean cabernets I consider my favorite red wines. It may be because this wine comes from Napa, because it is actually a blend, or both, but it's definitely more forgiving and mellow than a Chilean Cabernet. For me, this means it doesn't quite deserve 5 stars, but that's because I was looking for something with more spiciness and flavor to accompany the charring and fat in a well-marbled steak. In another situation, I can see the benefits of drinking something like Educated Guess. With a filet that has less fat, I'm sure this would be an excellent wine, and if you're a cabernet person with friends who like merlots, this is a good middle ground, since it has a touch of sweetness, with the basic bold qualities of a cabernet. Consider this wine to be aptly named; as a toned-down version of a cabernet with a little sweetness, it is in fact an educated guess, and is unlikely to disappoint due to its mellow, crowd-pleasing nature. Its a good combination of two worlds, but the best of neither.Now, when you consider I paid $16 for a miserly glass of this wine (which my server actually managed to splash into my glass while I wasn't looking, even getting several drops on the white tablecloth), you should see the value here, seeing as you can buy an entire bottle of this quite decent cabernet for the same amount, and it is unlikely to let you down! Just don't expect to be blown away either.
a great taste/enjoyment value for under $10. Tried up to about $22 stuff, and my favorite is at about $18, but for its price point, the blend with food, smoothness during meal and when you have more wine than food, this is excellent stuff. I will keep buying under $10. if more, I measure other choices/specials. it approaches the malbec promise of good with any food. at least that's the promise I took away from a Spanish whodunit!
Very citrusy , like lemonade with a little too much bite. A nice finish with melon and green apple undertones. Great with grilled food,esp chicken and mild cheese.Nice size bottle of wine that gives a fab buzz.DO NOT under any circumstances serve this at room temp. Keep in a bucket of ice, when you serve. It is like drinking a warm Coke - bleh.
Light, fresh, crisp white, leaning more towards the fruity flavors versus the buttery. It definitely has a sweet quality to it, which I enjoyed. It was sweet enough to be noticeable, but not so much that as a guy I'd feel awkward drinking it. I enjoy it chilled, but not ice cold. Pairs nicely with grilled chicken, fish, and pork chops. Their Apothic Red is darn tasty also. I prefer it to the white. Usually $8-12ish in stores.
The world is flooded with utterly fungible Pinot Gris (and its Italianate alias, Pinot Grigio), and most of it has a blah, unremarkable "well, I can tell it's white because it's chilled" taste.  Willow Crest (whom we discovered on a wine trip) is a delightful exception.  There is a pleasant, fruity nose, a mild petillance, and a charming sort of pear-like flavor.  Pinot Gris is not a first-rank varietal, but as Willow Crest shows, when the winemaker gives it some care, a charming, thoroughly worthy wine emerges.
My husband & I saw this at the grocery store & decided to try it.  One of the staff said it was flying off the shelf.  We don't drink often, but we were impressed.
Very dark ruby color; spicy plum, tart black fruit nose; ripe black fruit, spicy plum palate; medium-plus finish 89 points
I am not an experienced winedrinker, but for what it's worth, I like this wine a lot. It's a bit jammy and tastes strongly of spice and plum.  And for around $8 a bottle, I think it's well worth considering as an everyday wine.
I really liked this wine.  Full bodied and fragrant.  Nice color and just plain delicious.  I will definitely buy again!
I hesitate to use the "wine snob" adjectives but here goes:Clean, fruity, not too sweet, makes you think of summer.
I really like the ALTADONNA wines, this company has a wonderful selection of Italian wines and the Nero D'Avola is great. Its a heavier more robust wine than a sangiovese but it is wonderful for those who are looking for more complexity in an everyday wine.
I have had this wine many times, specially for its volume and smoothness. I would love to see this item in shelf of more stores.
Delighted to know this is an 'Oregon-crafted' sake.  So far, I've only used it in a marinade for 'ground beef cha-han with iceberg lettuce' (fried rice) but it did the trick nicely, and since there is 80% of the bottle remaining, I'm looking forward to tasting it by itself.  I've had very good luck with other MOMO KAWA sake.
Medium dark ruby color; lavender, berry nose; tasty, lavender, berry, tart black fruit palate; medium-plus finish 92+ points (92% Merlot, 7% Cabernet Sauvignon, 2% Malbec; 20 mos. in French oak, 75% new; 15.1% alcohol)
I had been buying a Late Harvest Sauvignon Blanc from a wine shop near me.  That wine was from a different winery called Casas del Bosque. Eventually the shop sold all the inventory of this particular wine and I was informed that they wouldn't be getting any more.  I searched for other distributors of Casas del Bosque and came up empty handed.  The closest I came was a Late Harvest Reisling from the winery.  I am not a fan of Reislings.  I came across this winery making this almost identical wine.  It is late Harvest, botrytised, sauvignon blanc, and from chile.  It is almost identical to my unrefined nose and pallette.  I am disappointed that the wine has a screw cap.  It should be a cork.  Especially for a half bottle.I am not good at tasting notes but I will give it a whirl.  What I taste is a fruity sweetness that I think is really well balance by acidity.  It is a sweetness that is not cloying.  I can't really described what I smell beacause I am not good at tasting notes.I've had two different late harvest wines from Chile and I would rate both as very good at the price point.  The funny thing is there are hardly any reviews of these types of wines anywhere on the net.If this wine had a cork I would have given it 5 stars.
Much better than a spritzer (wine and seltzer).  Surpringly good if not a little too sweet.  Bubbly like champaigne, but not as serious as champaign -- more fun.Best sparkling wine I've had, with just enough of a kick.Not only would I recommend but I also plan to bring as a gift this New Year.
Tart black fruit, tar nose; tasty, tar, tart black fruit palate; medium-plus finish 89 points (fairly simple, but decent value)
This was a pleasant surprise! Often Fetzer makes above Zin, but I think this is much better. Good price, very nice wine!
And this is no different. Definitely needs to breathe a while before you enjoy it. I was disappointed when I first tasted it before giving it some time. Big Cabernet, not fruity or sweet, tannin finish. Not your favorite wine but a good product at this price point.
Nicola's wine has a delicate,eNNNicNicola's Pinot Grigio wine has semi-sweet, delicate taste. The label is very attractive ,too.  I recommend this wine to you. A great gift for the holiday !,,-
Look, you're buying wine on Amazon, this isn't going to win gold medals, but it's very drinkable, not overly sweet like MANY value table wines are, and goes good with simple meals - pasta, pizza, and so on. If the price is good, I say go for it, especially if you live in the Pacific Northwest. Support local!
This was a gift for someone. It was delivered as per the time given. They liked it and are saving it for a special occasion and therefore the taste has not been reviewed.
Nicola's redmark Red Washington Wine has a smooth, clean taste. Get some for your friends to savor. It makes a good present.
I confess to only drinking white wines on once in a blue moon occasions. Either they are syrupy sweet like juice for small children or they have little flavor at all. While this isn't the most flavorful wines I have ever tried, it has some decent grapefruit and lime flavors to it with a slight grape flavor at the end. Definitely not a sweet wine, but not too dry either.Serve chilled but do not serve over ice it dimishes the flavor way  too much.
Surprisingly excellent and inexpensive!!!Rivals wines from Napa/Alexander at half the price!!! And I love California cabs. This wine is smooth and nice like BV, Simi, etc.
The Drouhin Pinot is priced as an an everyday Pinot but tastes better than that. It is cherry red, has a subtle nose, and is a pleasant sipper on a warm evening.
I picked up a bottle of this at a local NC grocery store based on a San Francisco Chronicle gold medal rating, and an excellent price. It was worth every penny and then some. A nice tasting smooth and light drink, and it is excellent with grilled salmon. And it is even pleasant to look at in the glass. Buy a bottle, and you will likely buy more.
Great value. Full bodied, great finish.  Wish I could find more.  It deserves it's 91 point rating. Drink it now, or shelf it for a year or two.
I love all of Albertina Wines.  My husband and I met the winemaker, Fred Zmarzly, at least three years ago at a wine tasting at Fort Mason, SF.  We instantly fell in love with Fred and his wines!!2009 Albertina Wine Cellars Lorilai's Reserve Merlot Zmarzly Family Vineyard ...2009 Albertina Wine Cellars Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon Zmarzly Family V...2005 Albertina Wine Cellars Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon Zmarzly Family V...
Bought it for my husband. He really enjoyed the taste and the aroma. Love the customized note from the owner. I am planning to buy more.
I served this wine to my guests on Christmas eve and it was enjoyed by all.The sweet flavor was great.
I needed vermouth, badly, and the only vermouth that cuts it anymore is Quady's. But, to get the most out of my purchase, I figured I may as well load up on six bottles from this winery, which is difficult when dessert wines are not entirely my thing. This creation, with its simple label, and brutally honest name - 'Purple' - stood out to me. I knew I had to try it, and I expected it to be nothing more than a novelty - what, really, can one expect when a wine's three-word summary is reduced to one: 'grapey'?Well, grapey it is. It's&#8230; the grape juice you loved as a child, only it's grown up right along with you. It's like having a glass of Welch's, only with far more complexity and&#8230; well&#8230;booze. It's not going to compete with your favorite cab, but there is more to it than just 'Purple.'It's fun, it's different, it doesn't pretend to be more than it is, and it's never cloying. While it is certainly still a bit of a novelty, I'll be ordering it again - hopefully soon.
I didn't get the joke when my sweetheart ordered this &#34;starboard&#34; at her birthday celebration. It was a fancy, gourmet rated restaurant. I wondered what &#34;starboard&#34; meant? Taste is in the port family, though unique.Ha, ha, joke is on me! I was too dense for &#34;port&#34; and &#34;starboard&#34;. Silly me. It is port. It's a new twist.I'm a big ruby port fan. If you are, too, I'm sure you'll like this smooth, subtly fruity rendition. And, it's not particularly expensive, for port.
This Italian Moscato d' Asti is good, but not great. For the price however, you can't go wrong. The sweetness was a bit overwhelming for me. For a genuinely balanced Italian I would definitely recommend either Saracco, or M. Chiarlo Nivole.
This is a wine that makes you sit up and take notice.  On the first taste the wine struck me as being a bit pungent, but settled down by the next sip. It is light,  aromatic, fruity and complex with an undertone of green pepper.  For around $12 a bottle I felt it to be a good value.
As this was a gift for a daughter-in-law who is a vintner, I was very pleased to hear her comment that it tasted like a good Zin should.
It was a good tasting wine and definaitley was the talk of the evening because it had a Pink Floyd label; I would buy it again.
It is not often that I can find a good wine recommendation for under $20. However, this Paul Dolan Sauvignon Blanc is delicious! I react to red wines, so I look for really good white wines.Paul Dolan said this in an article I read.&#8220;After tasting the real difference between organic and conventionally farmed grapes, side by side in a sun-drenched vineyard in 1987, my entire way of thinking about grape growing changed.  The organic grapes were expressive, interesting and balanced while the conventionally farmed grapes were bland and insipid.&#8221;Good to know! The area where these grapes are grown have weather extremes, cold nights and hot days. There is no pesticide or artificial fertilizers used. The temperature swings like these allow grapes to ripen with full flavor, but retain acidity, which is a key to balance in a wine.  The wine is a yellow straw, clear and vibrant . The published notes are green apple, kiwi, and crisp Asian pear. I found a good crisp taste with delicate flavors, so I will take their word for the kiwi and Asian pear.It is probably best to drink without chilling because the flavor is so delicate.This is a really good wine for under $20. I would recommend it to anyone.Recommended. prisrob 04-16-13
Dark ruby color; roasted plum nose; roasted plum, charcoal palate; medium-plus finish - 91 points (tasted 6/11/12; a reasonably good value at $38)
Fruit forward followed immediately by a very pronounced oak....but then - wait for it - a smooth fruity finish. It will be nice to follow with a square of dark chocolate
Wonderful wine! Lots of cherry, raspberry, chocolate and peppery flavors with a smooth finish. I'm on my third case this year and with Summer on the way, there will be more. A rare special wine. It doesn't disappoint! I look forward to making San Gria with this!
This is a very nice wine but I still prefer their cheaper version that you find at Trader Joe's before it quickly sells out every fall.  That wine pours better than many $40 and up wines.  Still, that being said this group of wine makers does a consistently very nice job.
Dark ruby color; ripe cassis, red berry, tart cherry nose; bright, ripe raspberry, tart cherry, cassis palate; needs 2-plus years; medium-plus finish (43% Merlot, 41% Cabernet Franc, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Petit Verdot, 2% Malbec; 14.5% alcohol) - 90 points
nice wine, full bodied with lots of fruits. Can recommend it. Goes well with meat, chicken and rich pasta dishes
Dark ruby color; cassis, berry, light menthol nose; tart cassis, tart cherry, menthol palate; needs 2-3 years; medium-plus finish 91+ points (40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 38% Merlot, 8% Cabernet Franc, 8% Petit Verdot, 6% Malbec; tasted 5/6/12)
This is my go-to sparkling wine for every occasion (and no occasion at all).  It isn't too sweet and is great by itself but also good if you want to make sparkling wine cocktails, mimosas, or kirs.  Definitely worth having a few bottles on hand for your next party or just to celebrate the end of another work week.
This was a great Pinot; fruity and light and ready to drink. Aside from the wine the customer service was awesome and they graciously covered the cost of  a shipping error made by Amazon.
Good cherry nose; good, sappy cherry and black cherry palate; medium finish (not a great value at $60; tasted on 5/19/07) 89 points
Medium red color with pale meniscus; tart cherry, raspberry nose; tight, ripe cherry, baked raspberry palate; medium-plus finish 89 points
I like it. Good wine for a week night dinner. Not amazing, but definitely a good value for what it is. I would buy it again.
Very good wine with a strong body and berries in the end. It goes great with Steak. I have tried both 2008 and 2009 and they are excellent.
This wine is fruity, spicy, and well-balanced. An excellent pick for red wine lovers, and a great gift!Someone should go over the label, though. While it tells a creative story, the grammar could use some work.
Visited this fun winery and brought some back for my next &#34;girl&#34; party.  My friends are not serious wine drinkers and this was a big, big &#34;girl&#34; hit.
Tasty, soothing
Remarkable wine. Good gift to friends.Wine has delicate aroma and delicate, saturated taste. External registration visually speaks about a place of an origin of wine
Very tasty & not too sweet. I would recommend it's purchase for birthdays & especially a good choice during the holiday season.
Prosecco is my preference in sparking wines, even over champagne. I like the dry bubbly taste." Prosecco is an Italian sparkling white wine, generally a dry or extra dry wine. It is normally made from Glera grape though other varieties, such as Bianchetta Trevigiana, are permitted to be included in the blend." WikiThis Prisecco has a taste of pear, apple and peach working together and combined with small delicate bubbles. The area in Italy where this wine is made is known for it's Prosecco, and this brand, Zecchino, is my favorite. I like itvwith cheeses of with shrimp or another fish. But it is also great to have a glass after a very busy day when I am relaxing.It has become a tradition that my daughter and I have a glass of Prosecco after a busy day with my four year old granddaughter. My son-in-law likes Prosecco but prefers his beer, which is fine with us! This Prosecco is available in most wine stores and is reasonably priced. A great value for a smooth bubbly taste.Recommended. prisrob 06-14-14
Deep berry, black fruit nose; tight, tasty, berry, black fruit palate; medium-plus finish 91+ points (tasted on 8/23/10; not a great value at $50)
This was a gift and they felt is was good and  good value, I have not tasted so cannot comment from first hand knowledge
Served this wine at a recent dinner party and to the person they thought this wine was great.Sounds like someone here has a personnel grudge.
Wonderful Zin! This one needs air, so it took awhile to really open up. 3 days later it was even more wonderful. Definitely &#34;zinlicious,&#34; as they say on the label.
I think Wine Enthusiast was way off on their 87 rating.  A freind gave me this bottle of Freakshow to try and I'm glad he did.  I have tasted 100's of very expensive cabs and would rate this one in the top 25. I would personally give it a 90 rating.  It was great right out of the bottle with very silky subtle flavors that kept on flowing long into the finish.  Give this a few years to age in the bottle and I'm sure it will be even better.
Gifted these amd they were a hit with some folks I'm South Carolina. Just really expensive compared to what we can get it for at the winery or Costco.
Can't find Almond Champagne on the east coast. My favorite Champagne from Wilson Creek. I shared with family and friends. They love it and stated no after taste which was a good thing.
I liked it but there is a bit of a sharpness to the sweet. I would certainly get it again.
I bought several bottles of Isaac's at one of the tasting room gatherings.  When the beefsteak is gone, adding it to the chocolate cake finale makes one comfortably replete.
I liked the sweet aroma and taste. The price was too much for the amount of wine in the bottle.
i had to cut out alcohol completely. the main drawback of this has been finding grown-up things to drink (that is, not sweet). this stuff tastes pretty good (although it could be a  bit less sweet, if that's possible). it has a lot of what i like about red wine: mainly a certain tannic bite. but you're never going to get the taste of a fine vintage in an alcohol-free wine: this stuff does have something of the taste of cheap plonk. but it's still good. recommended to ex-drinkers. not recommended to drinkers: what would be the point of drinking this?
The beauty of this wine lays in it's simple, uncluttered style.  This is a classic dry white wine that complements food, not overshadows it.  It is a well crafted wine with a nice balance of oak and a lively grapefruit finish, that cleans the palate between courses, but doesn't linger long.  This is an excellent wine choice for fish or poultry, though we enjoyed it with a fresh pear, a slice of cheese and good friends.
Don't let the deep rich color of the Carignane(CAR-in-yan)varietal fool you.  This is not another syrupy over baring non-distinct red wine.  In fact, the first thing you will notice is that despite an abundance of fruit, this is a lean dry red wine.  That is not to say that this another washed out red.  To the contrary, the big complex flavors of this wine come from grapes grown on mature vines, not added sugars.  While the nose is subtle, the rich spicy tones explode on the tongue.  Black currant and cranberry with a pinch of ginger and nutmeg make this a lively wine worth drinking alone or with food.This grape is most often used in blended wines, so you will remember it's characteristics, most notably the bright tones you have tasted in Grenache or Syrah. I like lean wines like this one to complement food, as they don't become the main course.  A great palate cleanser between courses of fruit, cheese and meat, including dark meat poultry.  Of course, I wouldn't hesitate to drink it with good chocolate either.
This was a good, solid cab at a good price.  Balanced, deep dark flavors, and not too sweet.  Very sippable.  Ordering another three pack now.
This cabernet sauvignon is a good wine, not too dry.  The name of the wine makes it a better conversation piece.  Just had to try it.
This was purchased in hopes that it would be a pleasant, fun, sparkling wine with a little different twist.  That is exactly what it is.  You're not going to write home about it but it perfectly fills the bill with toasting ability plus a little extra added twist.  It is smooth, has a medium sweetness level (not dry, not sweet) and a pretty label for those of us who enjoy such things.
This was a great surprise.  For the price point, a very nice pinot.  I plan to make this my &#34;go to&#34; pinot for a while.
A friend of mine recommended Riverbench as an alternative to the big, full bodied pinots I love by Foxen. However, this pinot is made in a lighter style -- more like a classic pinot you might buy from Washington state. It was very complex and had a decent finish; it just isn't the style of pinot I prefer.If you want a complex but light bodied pinot, this is pretty good; but if you are a fan of Longoria or Foxen's more concentrated style, you might not care for this one.
This garnet colored wine offers sweet tart cherries, a hint of spice, and light oak on the nose.  It's palate explodes with sweet ripe bing cherries, and offers notes of chocolate and rose petal, with soft, round tannins.  Medium acidity.My husband made lamb burgers with caramelized onions and brussels sprouts - all which were a surprisingly delicious pairing!
I am not a wine guru but I am a member of some clubs.  It seems though as if the clubs take advantage that wines are not easily returned.  This wine however was more than palatable and it a great wine to take to parties!  The second party I went to it was the first wine that was opened!
Great with afternoon snacks appetizers or a light meal. Similar in my book to a Sangiovese or a Pinot noir. This is the kind of wine I like to have 4 bottles around all the Time.  Not sure where i got this from, but aim on the hunt to find a local source in Southern California.  I am not the wine spectator, but I would rate this 89 - 90
Sediment, smooth, full bodied. Hint of diverse characters, well priced. If they have more ill buy for 16 it tastes like 25
This wine is an excellent dinner wine slightly acidic but not over powering.  Recommend by our waiter and did not disappoint.  If you like wine with a small amount of bie, this is the one.
This is a really smooth and nice Moscato with a great taste.  I will definitely get it again really soon.
It was a birthday present I can say how she liked but she said it was a good wine . I picked that wine because it had good riview
I've already spoken of my love for Waterbrook Melange Noir, now it's time for Melange Blanc to get a little attention. It smells floral and tastes like crisp apples and pears.  Enough varietals are blended that it doesn't taste strongly of any of them - which is precisely why this wine is so easy to drink.  It's light and refreshing; best served chilled.
Yes, this is a sweet desert wine.  That said, it is light and irresistably apricot.  I got it for $3.99 for 500ml and consider it a bargain.  I'd buy more but it was the last one.  Great for those of us who love fruit wines.
I,m no wine expert, but I do enjoy it regularly.  This wine is VERY DARK and fruity.  Pleasant smell and pretty smooth for 13.5% alc.It makes a nice gift, and there's a cool Vampire poem on the back by Lord Byron 1815.
The wine was smooth and easy on the pallet without being to dry.Problem with the cork disintegrating and getting into the wine.
With Halloween approaching, I wanted to give wine from Vampire Vineyards a try.Tonight I tried the 2012 Merlot.  I have to agree with the prior review that said it is smooth. It has a nice feel to it.  I'm no wine expert, but I know what I like.  This wine is delicious!  It's fruity, but not too sweet.  At around $11 a bottle, it's worth a try.I may buy a case of this so that I can enjoy it all year.
This Pinot Grigio is great. A little bit more body than I expected. I will probably purchase this wine again. I would recommend this Pinot Grigio to someone who likes a little bit more bite (no pun intended) to their wine.
This wine was great. However, it wasn't quite perfect. It would recommended this for people who like Pinot Noir to taste a little bit more fruity.
Well balanced, medium acidity, light and classic PN. Musty oak fragrance with hint of raspberry. But complex, because the plalate is pomegranate and morelo cherry easing to a smooth finish with balance tannin and hints of sweetness. Will stand up to Memphis baby back ribs and coleslaw, that's fire sure.
Recomend to have an excelent source of wines delivered directly to your front door.I will recomentd to buy wines you already know, or to test some new wines
This is amazingly good. I am not a wine expert, so I cannot describe in esoteric terms all of the tasting notes you get from this wine, so I'll just say that it's like sipping sweet grape/honey-nectar for the gods who indulge. It has very complex flavors with lots of notes. A great sensation on the tongue and taste-buds. Delightful! If it weren't so pricey I'd be drinking a  lot more of it. Their Late Harvest Vignoles is also pretty nice (and half the price), but less complex and doesn't reach the level of this. Be sure to serve it nicely chilled in a suitable glass.
As soon as the bottle was opened the peach smell was apparent. Mildly sweet and aromatic and nice aftertaste. New favorite.
This is sweet and refreshing.  We served it with chicken and steak and it paired well with both.  Will definitely buy again.
My nearby Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Market stocks a lot of gourmet items, but the latest one I discovered really surprised me! It's Chocolate Shop Creme de Cocoa, the Chocolate lover's wine. Evidently it's a red wine of unspecified derivation, but you'd never know it by looking at it. It looks like a bottle of chocolate milk and sports a 14% alcohol content on the label. Hmmmm. I'm sure my little boy would take a glass down in an instant, if I'd let him. No chance!. I suspect this stuff really packs a whallop. Well, it tastes like a simply delicious glass of chocolate milk. and would make a delicious dessert drink. It doesn't have an ingredients label, and that's just as well, as I'd guess the calorie content is way up there. I'd probably not reveal that it's a wine or all the wine purists would have instantly upturned noses. I'm going to take a bottle to a dinner party in a couple weeks and have the hostess serve glasses of it with dessert. Hmmmm. Well, she's a wine aficionado, so maybe I'd better steam the label off and not tell her. I'm more of just a plain-old wino, and I think it's very interesting.Gary Peterson
This is a wonderful sweet wine with chocolate wafting into your nose upon opening, and with every sip....this is my new favorite wine, but not that easy to find in Vermont....please, Amazon, help....Gemma
There is a bit of fermented grape stems on the nose, with a slight effervescence and taste of slightly sour pears on the palate. My initial impression was to not like it, but there is a complexity to the taste that I find intriguing. After drinking a second glass, I concluded that I actually like it, although I think it may be an acquired taste.
This has a very light aroma with hints of fermented grape stems. There is an effervescent quality with light flavors of apples and other fruits. This is a light, but nice, easy to drink wine. I bought this on sale for ~ $12 per bottle (regular price $15) and I feel it was really worth it.
This red is for wine lovers who like pinot noirs but don't always have the cash to spend.  While it does not have the specific fruit of a pinot, the body, smoothness, and delicacy are similar.  Pop the cork and pour right into the glass.  It's dangerously delicious as it is very easy to finish the bottle in one sitting, as I did.  Food matches are easy: pizza,lamb shanks,beef tenderloin, tandoori chicken, in fact,almost anything will shine and not be overwhelmed by this wine.  I try and sell it to every customer.
Very nice white wine. I have tried many of the more expensive brands, and this brand is just as pleasing as a high priced bottle
100% Roussanne planted from Tablas Creek clone, apparently.  .This is rich wine with with boat load of concentration. It shows fine depth of flavors to the likes of peach, some orange citrus and it has that leesy character that I love about Roussannes. Nicely balanced and bargain for $25.
I liked it, nice long finish of cherry - not bitter.  Hints of smokiness.  Definitely would purchase again, decent wine for the price.
I enjoyed this wine spritzer and had no lingering effects the next day. It could use a touch more flavor.
The only reason I did not give this delightful beverage 5 stars, is it needs a corked bottle to allow a vacuum seal plug to be used after opening to maintain the just opened flavor. This is a great beverage to quench a thirst without too much effect from alcohol content.
a little pricey but excellent!  definitely recommend it for someone who wants to spend a nice summer evening with friends sippin something delicious.
Wow!  This was my first taste of Texas wine and I must say that I was impressed.  Big, full, rich and screaming for a thick steak. Who knew that Texas was producing such an excellent Cab!
Not bad. It's just not great. But I'm not much of a wine guy so maybe my taste shouldn't be taken to seriously.
great taste and priced well, plus has a great cause with the mondovi company donating some of the proceeds. I will buy more in the future.
OneHope Pinot Noir wine is awesome.  The wine has a great taste and it is very smooth.  You can drink it alone or pair it with food.  I would recommend this wine for red wine lovers.  I plan to purchase more wines from OneHope.  When you purchase Pinot Noir half of OneHope profits are donated toward pet adoptions.
I am a Pinot Noir fan, and this one lived up to expectations.  Great wine that I'd feel good giving to a friend.  It's a bonus that a portion of the proceeds go to a good cause.  Will buy again!
Wasn't as bold as I was hoping which is the ONLY thing keeping it from a 5. It was very good with the wild hog (pork)
Was a bit lighter than most of the good pinots out there, which may be a pro or con depending on how you like your Pinot Noirs.  Good product, great cause!!
Being a 2011 wine this is a bit outdated. Wine is a lot like milk when it gets outdated it smells a little funny. This wine tasted a bit like grape Koolaid mixed with Sprite. It would go well with Fish sticks or Captain Crunch. Would go for a 2013 or 2014 for freshness if I were you.
I find it startling how many folk don't like this. I'm back just to see if they still have it as I finished the last bottle of my previous set a couple of days ago. I find this wine peppery and spicy.  It's just yummy with an empanada!
The wine is a decent red wine.  It's for a great cause which makes it even more satisfying.  Ships well too.
First time I buy wines trough Amazon.It was blind purchase because knew nothing about this winery. After tested hundreds of Pinot Noir I was extremely satisfied with this wine; very soft and fruity. The kind of Pinot Noir at least I like.Love it.
I get bad headaches when drinking any kind, color, or type of alcohol, so I thought I'd try this.  It doesn't smell exactly like a proper Cabernet, but tastes fine.  I also tried Fre brand of Merlot... Not so great.  And the best part -- no headaches, so I guess I'm allergic to the alcohol, not the sulfites, histamines, tannins, prostaglandins, etc.I took a bottle to a restaurant and they waived the $20 corking fee when I said it was non-alcoholic.  Big tip for the sweet server.I'm buying more.
I have tasted and enjoyed almost all of the KESSLER-HAAK wines.The Chards are first rate but I'm a red-wine guy at heart.My wife and I visited the Chianti region in Italy, thanks to the generosity of friends in 2007. We stayed in the middle of a vineyard and olive groves near RADDA.  Probably the happiest I've been in life.  The property/vineyard was owned by the Castello d'Albola, a winery that dates back to Tuscan times.Dan and Ellen's Pinots are the at least the equal of that venerable vineyard.Each is a matter, of course, of personal taste.I have given presents of K-H wine to many friends and they are met will 5* reviews.Highly reccomnended!ALLEN HOUSER....Amazon is a great company but for several years they have mixed me up wit someone named STEVE GELLER.  After repeated attempts that failed to hip them...I have given up.  I am not, nor have I ever been Steve Geller.Allen Houser
Seriously....  such a great pinot noir!  The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars is that I have a HUGE crush on the Kessler Haak Pinot Noir 2009 2A.  You know, sometimes you just get caught up in another varietal  :)But, this is a great clone blend that's super smooth.  You'll be hooked, I promise!
A  friend of mine gave me a few bottles of it because his wife said it wasway too strong and tannic for her.  I like it!I am using it for a mushroom recipe.  This isalso an excellent wine to cook with.  I used somefor a mushroom recipe and it was the best I'veever made.  I know it's a rather expensive winefor cooking but it really is great for any recipecalling for red wine. As a bonus I drink a glasswhile I'm preparing food.  All in all a very pleasingbold wine!
Both of these wines are excellent for the price. They are a very good value.  I recommend them to anyone who likes Cabernet Sauvignon and blended varietal reds,
I wanted to find some quality wine for my brother and his wife for Christmas. Since they both have a clever sense of humor, I thought that the "lovin mix" would be a good pick....plus they'd been married for over 40 years and thought they would appreciate some spice in their life.I didn't realize that the wine was actually named  "Climax" and "Penetration". But it was a great hit and my brother reported back that the wine was fabulous and it made for some interesting party conversations.
I gave this as a gift to a family member. She really got a kick out of the names and description of the wines.Too bad the Picnic Table Pink is no longer available. Apparently, it was delicious.
I ordered this as a gift for Fathers day. My father loved all the varitys. He had no complaints .
Syrah from mountain climes tends to possess some very appealing spiciness, including white pepper and coriander, and this one from Burrell School, most certainly does. It exhibits bright fruit with good acid, and the black and red pepper gives it a kick that will keep you coming back for more. Aptly called "Spring Break," this is a Syrah that wants to romp and have a good time. Pair with spicy lamb dishes, adobo and chipotle marinated pork loin or farro risotto with swiss chard and smoked sausage.
The iconic old Schoolhouse bell tower has graced the label of Burrell School Cabernet Franc for nearly 2 decades. It's one of the winery's signature wines, and its powerful rose petal, sandalwood and lavender aromas are a great bellweather of the flavors to come. It's racy, red-fruited and filled with great touches of herbs, like rosemary, sage and tarragon, making it an awesome food wine. Chefs have always loved this wine for its ability to work with a variety of seasonings, including wasabi, horseradish and exotic spices.Frankly, my dear fellow wine drinker, this is a Franc you should give a damn about. Give it a try today!
This wine is okay. It's not great and not bad. It's not sweet and not bitter. Not sure if I will buy again, I do like the price though.
I've loved this wine since I visited the winery years ago.  Order it online all the time.  I highly recommend it.  It's a great wine anytime
My first taste was at a steak house. Heavy bold fruit...jam comes to mind.Still had a nice acidity.  I would have no problem recommending this wine.Table shared another bottle.  It is sweet, maybe too sweet for some yet my pallet was pleased.
Though I admit  I don't know a lot about wines, this wine was very delicious and a was a good price when I bought it on sale.
Very drinkable Pinot Gris. Crisp if slightly bitter edge (don't over chill) with a broad set of flavors including pear and a hint of citrus. Smooth finish. I'm buying more!
A few days ago I picked up a bottle of this wine after noticing that it had scored 91 points. So I took it home and shared it with my wife and found that it was amazing. If you are looking for a crisp citrus, melon, noted wine with hints of cut grass, vanilla, and cream then this is for you. This wine is smooth, it is not sickly sweet or dry in a word perfect for a $15.00 bottle of wine to share with friends and family. Make sure you get the 2012 vintage its the best!
I found this wine to have a slight dryness to it but it was still wet if you spilled it on something. It tasted a bit like MD 20/20 but a bit more of a bubble gum flavoring to it. I would highly recommend this fine wine with pizza or chili dogs. Being a 2010 wine it is not as fresh as I would like but at least it does have the born on date on it.
I thought that I wanted sweet wine but I don't.  The company really delivered what they advertise as Sweet Bliss Sweet Sampler I would like to buy other wines from the company.  Just maybe a more earthy taste next time.
The white wine was very good, my husband wants me to order more of. The pink was pretty good but nothing spectacular. We haven't opened the red yet.
We keep this open on the bar during the week as our everyday wine.  Not as full bodied as the other Pinot Noir's offered by Stomping Girl it's a bit more sassy with bright flavors of fruit and spice.Grab some next time it's available and you will not be disappointed.
This Italian sparkling wine has a fine bubble and is somewhat dry, I enjoy it with sliced kiwi/strawberries/mango dipped in melted dark chocolate then chilled. Also pair it with Meyer Lemon or Mango Sorbet. Great on a Sunday afternoon with friends.RTD
My boyfriend and I don't know much about wine. So, when we found one we both liked, it quickly became our good op stand by. Its smooth and not too over lowering.
A gift from our friend, recommended by our local Sonoma wine shop,as a great value. It sure is. Josie likes full body wine, and this delivers. It is complex, smooth, full bodied, with blackberry, hint of cherry. I was surprised at the fullness of a Pinot, more like a quality Merlot, with more dimension. I am running out tomorrow for a case. It's that good. Our wine friends will love it!
Amazingly delicious vintage. I love the fruity yet spicy notes of this wine. Wonderful with a ribeye steak dinner. Nice after taste. Love this one
My friends and I share and compare wines on occasion and this one got a &#34;thumbs up&#34; from our group. It isn't as complex as some shiraz we have had in the past but it has a solid structure and a decent finish. I suspect this could be had for less money than on Amazon Wine.
I found this wine to be a little dry but still wet if you spill it on something. It is similar to the famous wines of Northern West Virginia with a slight banana flavor. It is a 2010 wine so it may be past the expiration date but if it is you should be able to bargain a bit with the price, especially since it is Old Vine Melbec instead or New Vine Melbec. I found this wine goes well with Cheetos and Spam.
My friends loved this sparkling around the holidays - highly recommend you try it or send it to a friend
Just uncorked a bottle last weekend. Initially I did not quiet feel the experience I expected on the palate. It's more of a after sweetness.
A nice variety of wines with the added benefit of helping some charities too.  We've only tried one so far but have an equal amount of the hope that the remaining too will be equally tasty.
I purchased this sampler because of the excellent reviews it received.  The cabernet and merlot are truly fine wines, and an excellent value considering the 25% discount, free shipping, and no tax.  They compare well with wines in the $30 to $40 range.  The pinot noir was initially bitter, but improved considerably after standing for a day.  I subsequently purchased a case of the cabernet and merlot, and my initial impression was confirmed.
choice of wine were good-tasting with full flavor. bottle label very presentable and encouraging to purchase, would recommned the pack
The cab was my favorite, but all  three are very good.  At $15 a bottle and half going to charity I will buy again.
It seems I only really like the Cabernet. But still a great deal and a great cause.
It was sent ad a gift and the person said it was a good selection.  I personally have not tried it, but the source is credible.
I would recommend this blend for someone who normally drinks a sweeter wine but not ready for a bolder, dry red wine. This wine takes 4 typical reds and makes for a lighter red in the end. This would be a good choice of red when a recipe calls for a red wine. I was afraid the Zinfandel was going to make it too sweet for my taste, but it didn't. You won't catch over peppery from the Shiraz. The Cab & Merlot by themselves might be too much on their own for someone new to reds. This to me, seems like an ideal one to start with as well as a nice addition to those who are not new to the reds.
A gift for my sister, she enjoys wine. She enjoys her wine  after a hard days work overseeing 40 women in homecare services.Thanks,AL
I bought six bottles and it grew on me.  It tasted just like the ad said.  The price is good and supposedly some funds go to support autism research.  Almost a five.
My wife and I are big fans of sweet wines and we recently discovered Keyways Winery and their Infinita Moscato. So good!  Why only four stars? We're reserving the fifth star for Keyways Ice Wine, our favorite!
Subtle and Smooth.Was great with snacks and dinnerServed during Christmas Eve and everyone loved it.Need to purchase a case.
I found this to be a good evening wine that you can sip a glass or two easily. The taste is mellow and nice and would be easy to match with your dinners. It's thick like a merlot should be, but doesn't feel remotely heavy in your mouth. This is one that I would gladly keep in my fridge for the occasional glass, or having guests over. A few things to note...It is a bit sweeter if you drink it cold, which is how I prefer it.It does taste more sour if you open the bottle, re-cork it and let it sit around a while.I am not at all a wine aficionado of any kind. I do not comment on tannins or bouquets because I don't know enough about wine to give a proper comparison. I am simply a few glasses a week drinker that enjoys a light, sweet wine and not too dry. This definitely fits the bill for that.
This wasn't bad. It tastes like the young wine it is, but there is a very fruity aroma and a fruity flavor, tinged with the taste of alcohol. I'm afraid that it's not very complex, but I suspect that if this was cellared for a few years it could mature into a more respectable wine. I am considering buying a few more bottles and trying one again in a few more years.
They say half of the profit goes to help save the planet so I decided to give it a try.  Not too bad!  I'd recommend it.
I had this wine and Steppe Cellars' Tempranillo blend the same night. I found this wine, like the Tempranillo, to be very pleasing. This Riesling showed plenty of citrus and apple up front and it had a very nice finish with a hint of vanilla in it. I was pleasantly surprised with both of the wines from Steppe Cellars, they both surpassed my expectations, especially for wines at this price point. A very well made Riesling.
great smooth wine. just oakey and buttery enough. and they support great causes as well. all the one hope reserves that we have tried are outstanding!
I AM NOT AN EXPERIENCED WINE DRINKER AND HAVING A HARD TIME FINDING SOMETHING THAT IS TASTY, BUT NOT TART, DRY OR BITTER. I TOOK A CHANGE ON ORDERING THIS PRODUCT SIMPLY BECAUSE I LIKED THE LOOK AND THE &#34;CATCHY&#34; NAME. I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! IT HAD A NICE LIGHT AND FRUITY FLAVOR!  I WISH I KNEW A VENDOR THE WASHINGTON, DC AREA THAT SOLD IT!
Dark Horse is a solid choice if you're at Trader Joes and looking for a tasty Chard at a low price (around 7 bucks).  This wine has nice hue - reminiscent of dark straw- it's an oaky chard with brown sugar and vanilla on the nose and light butter on the mid palate.  It has a medium finish, yet it ends a bit woody with not much complexity.  Must drink this cool- never cold!!  Overall not a bad choice for the money.
I presently live in Florida but grew up in DE. When I found out a Delaware Peach Cider was being made,  I got really excited.  I was afraid the peach cider would be too sweet for my taste but it was actually dry, crisp and quite refreshing.  I didn't realize their Black Twig came from DE as well so that will be my next purchase.
A dry taste but refreshing a good beer but could use a little tweaking in the aging process. Otherwise good to go.
This is not a cider.... Now, I like cider, but this has a different finish.  It is quite tasty on it's own, but did pair acceptably with lighter food.  On the sweet side, but not a dessert wine - closer to  a riesling, but instead of a grape flavor, there was apple.
This is not too bad. There is the smell of fermented grape stems, but a fruity flavor with a medium body on the palate. There is only a touch of acidity and a very slight &#34;off&#34; note, but not enough to be off-putting. The truth is, I actually like this but it's kind of pricey at $22.00 per bottle -- there are a number of less expensive wines that I like as much or more. I'd drink this again without much hesitation -- as long as I'm not paying for it.
My tastes in wine tend to run to dry whites. Sauvignon blanc is my favorite varietal. Often with sparkling wine there tends to be an unpleasant sweetness that coats your tongue and makes your head feel fuzzy too quickly. However, I really liked this sparkling wine, which is not too sweet and was nice to drink on its own or with a light meal. It was not too sweet and was easy to drink. I liked the casual feeling of a screw top sparkling wine, which takes the feeling of fanciness out of it and allows sparkling wine to be an everyday drink.
When I introduce friends to this wine the are all pleasantly surprised. For a Sangiovese, you will find this one literally "down to earth" with nice overtones and a fruit forward style...the cherry brings a nice note.
A nice full bodied red wine. I typically shy away from these because they are very heavy and oakey. I was real surprised when I tried this Petite Verdot ( Bordeaux grape). Even though it was quite earthy the fruit really shines. It has a very nice finish on it. They say to pair this with aged cheeses and gamey meats. I did just that and enjoyed it even more.
This is one of my husband's favorite reds from Potomac Point.  It is smooth and made in the Chianti style.  Goes great with pasta, pizza, or cheese.  Also, great for sipping.
Potomac Point Winery Norton is like a spicy Merlot.  Smooth, delicious with salami, robust cheeses, or just a great evening spipping wine.
I like to try out New wine from different part of  the world and Italy is on my list to try out New wines
Prosecco is my preference in sparking wines, even over champagne. I like the dry bubbly taste.&#34; Prosecco is an Italian sparkling white wine, generally a dry or extra dry wine. It is normally made from Glera grape though other varieties, such as Bianchetta Trevigiana, are permitted to be included in the blend.&#34; WikiThis Prisecco has a taste of pear, apple and peach working together and combined with small delicate bubbles. The area in Italy where this wine is made is known for it's Prosecco, and this brand, is my favorite. I like it with cheeses or with shrimp or another fish. But it is also great to have a glass after a very busy day when I am relaxing. It is less heady and lighter than champagne.It has become a tradition that my daughter and I have a glass of Prosecco after a busy day with my four year old granddaughter. My son-in-law likes Prosecco but prefers his beer, which is fine with us! This Prosecco is available in most wine stores and is reasonably priced. A great value for a smooth bubbly taste.Recommended. prisrob 06-18-14
I got my order on time and as expected. No hassles. Just wished they showed all the wines they have on display and just mark the ones not in stock as out of stock.
Solid wine for the price.  Strong nose, berry and floral aromas.  Full bodied, chewy tannins with sharp acidity.  The flavor echoed the nose, cherry with a somewhat chocolate and woody component.  Slightly sweet on the tongue.  Very long finish.  I liked this wine, good to have a couple laying around in case you need a standard good evening dinner wine.
Dark ruby color. On the nose, currant, taffy, vanilla. On the palate it was fluid, tart, grippy and dry. It drank young at opening, likely needs at least another year in bottle. On day two black cherry and pepper mill on the nose, flowing into the palate, medium finish, firm tannin, cherry dominant. Still tight. By day three this wine finally began to open, it was still similar to day two, but more expressive. This wine is going to be wonderful in a year or two. Hold for 1-10 years.
The Chardonnay has a somewhat sour smell and taste; it also has a slightly bitter aftertaste. While not really a bad wine, (it is better than some Chards I've had) this is not all that good either. I definitely pass on this.The red, on the other hand is a different story. It is light-to-medium bodied and has legs. This is a drinkable wine. It is not as smooth and mellow as some, but with a different and distinctive dry taste. It might be better suited for those who prefer a wine with more of a wine taste. It is a nice change of pace.
I gave as a gift and they were very pleased; however I cannot comment on taste only value and feedback from gift recipient.
excellent value, very bold taste. for the $ it's worth it. I would buy it again. great for gift giving.
Unreliable shipping info.I shipped this wine to a friend in a different state.She enjoyed the product, but the tracking info provided by the seller was inaccurate. Since the product has to be signed for upon delivery, this proved to be quite difficult. Make sure you track this item through UPS  tracking and don't rely on the seller.
I ordered this wine merely for its name (I'm a history buff), but I was very pleased with its taste.
This is not the wine to serve with filet mignon or prime rib, but it's a good wine for sipping after dinner on the patio or while entertaining friends. It has a straight-forward, grapey flavor without any embellishments or other nuances. I prefer simplicity sometimes, and this wine delivers. For the price, it's very hard to beat.
We prefer sweeter wines and this one delivered. Goes down well with a steak to relax with on a Friday night.
Dark cherry, ripe blackberry, medium body, balanced acid and tannin, good mouth feel, tasty at opening, medium finish. With some air this wine really opened up nicely, captivating lush nose, rich palate and bigger finish. Very dark color too. Lovely focus in the front palate, with a dry brightness, lip smacking occurred. An excellent choice for grilled steaks, I enjoyed this wonderful Washington Cabernet Sauvignon at home.
Due to weather the wine arrived several days after the promised delivery date. So I'm not sure if it set out in a cold delivery truck or not. The bottles were very cold and I had some concerns about how it may have affected the wine. My initial taste was very unpleasant, however the next day the taste was much improved. I checked on line to see how weather temperatures might affect wine and it did say it could (bottle expanding,etc.). So again I'm not sure if I'm realizing the true quality.
My wife is the wine drinker in this family so I got it for her. She said it was better than a table wine and had a good flavor for the cost.
Given the chance, I usually go for a cold one, but special occasions merit extra effort on my part. Getting this tasty red seemed like a good idea and since my wife loved it when I showed her, I guess it was.A few things about it though. Don&#8217;t have a cold one after drinking this if you don&#8217;t like the idea of spending the night in the bathroom. And don&#8217;t put ice in it either unless you want to be called unrefined.Why did I put ice in it? Like I said, I&#8217;m a beer guy.
The wine was shipped fast and arrived in good shape for the Halloween party. All three tasted good. I have been to this winery in the Dry Creek Valley and would recommend their other wines as well.
I know is going to be good for apples is a great fruit for all types of uses. Saving for our 22 year wedding anniversary
I was looking for a good white wine at a reasonable price.  This Chardonnay was crisp with an oaky finish, and a little buttery, which I like in Chardonnay.  It was not too heavy, and was nice enjoying on a Saturday afternoon with a movie and relaxing with in the evening.  I would purchase this wine again.
A very good wine indeed! I was disappointed to see that they offer such a small selection after I had tried this wine. However, I went to their website at [...] and found that they offer *almost* all of my favorite varieties! They also have a wine club membership, which allowed me to save some extra $$. Thank you Tucannon Cellars!!!
did not have any reorder information...i do not drink so this is from my daughter
I broke this up to several gifts and everyone who received it thought it was a cool gift and different from past wine bottles they have seen.  I don't have feedback on how the wine tastes yet, but hopefully it will be as good as it looks.
Just ordered my first set of wines.  The bottles themselves interested me, and I was gratefully satisfied with what was inside the bottles.  The wines were wonderful blends that went as well alone, as with pasta, pizza, and barbeque.  I have the empty bottles on the bar and on the wall as decorations.
It was a good wine a little drier than I like but good
I'm very happy w/the wine & customer service dept. of Parducci wines.  My package was a bit late due to holidays, which I didn't think about.  I recently visited Mendocino County at end of Sept.--celebrated my 60th birthday, I fell in love with Anderson Valley & of course, the gorgeous coastline!Sincerely,Su Gustafson
this is a nice wine. tried a lot of expensive wine, and I prefer the California area. This is not expensive, but is definately a decent wine.
I purchased this for a gift for a friend for the holidays. I was pleased with the ease of ordering and penny shipping was also helpful. The reports were positive once they received the wine. Overall I was pleased with the experience.
Of the bottles received, one was a little less flavorful than the others. The quality was good, but just nothing that would make me want to go buy another bottle. Other bottles were really great. enjoyed them all.
Brought for my niece's 21st birthday.  She loved it so I brought some for her sister who loved them too
I bought the wine as gifts.  The wines were very good. The descriptions on the labels - not so much.  All have sexual innuendos.  The younger recipients found the wording funny.  The older folks, 65+, we're not so appreciative.  Again the wine is good, but most people read the labels first, before drinking the wine.  The case the came in had &#34; get naked&#34; cards sprinkled amongst the contents.  So my experience for my 6 gifts- 4 recipients enjoyed the wine and the &#34;humor&#34; of the sexual descriptions of the wine. On the other hand - two were embarrassed by the wording on the label.  Just something to consider if you giving as gift.
GREAT WINE.  FOUND ALL VARIETIES TO BE OF GOOD QUALITY.
Mad housewife and besitos were so good!  These are a fun mix for the wine and the funny bottle packaging they come in.
The wine is good and tasty,customer service are really great with quick responses of keeping the customer satisfied andyes i do recommend this wine.
I ordered two sets of the Better Than Flowers Gift Pack.  Mad Housewife wine came highly recommended by a friend, and we enjoyed our three bottles - pretty good, not the best I've ever had, but good for a reasonably priced wine.
I purchases this for holiday gifts. Not only is the label very cute, but the wine is a great everyday wine. The price is great, I was surprised that the quality was pretty good. Not something I would bring to a dinner party but definitely a good table wine.
Good tasting wine for the price. I'm definitely buying this again. Especially Loved the red wine,  great spicy under tone.
It can be a dicey move to get online wine, and especially those for cheaper prices but this turned out to be a nice find.  Definitely a little more on the sweet end of Chenin Blanc, but not sappy sweet like some honey moscatos or ice wines.
it was ok...sort of sweet.. never been a big wine drinker... i make a spritzer..
As with all Tobacco Road wines this one is very tasty! Clearly using good grapes to make this chard. Very good weekly bottle.
Perfectly crispy and sparkly for the moscato lover. A bit like champagne and a bit like your favorite white wine.
This is a perfectly acceptable and decent wine, especially for the price.  This Chardonnay is crisp and smooth, not acidic or bitter in the least.  The color is classic Chardonnay; a light blonde.  We are happy to serve this at our table!
Nice creame red, well worth buying and kosher for Passover too.  Enjoy!  Shipping was a little slow, but otherwise a good product.
This wasn't a bad Chardonnay!  Since they say half of the profit goes to fight breast cancer, I thought I'd give it a try to support the cause.  I wasn't disappointed!
Pleasant floral bouquet; very soft and ready to drink; evident fruit reflecting the excellent 2012 California vintage; elegant though light in body and grape extract..
First of all,I didn't know that florida had its own winery. As for me, I've always liked the tangy, not to sweet flavor of grapefruit. I have to admit I was curious to find out how this tasted because i've never heard of any wine made from citrus.(it seemed a tad odd) Actually it was light, crisp and delicious with a nice pale golden color.
A very casual wine. We don't get scuppernong here in Texas but it's dry fullness and crisp flavor is a treat every now and then compared to the hardy muscadine that is common in the Eastern half of the state.would buy again
I tried after seeing a review on TV about Honey Mead, and how it became popular in the Sunnyvale, CA area.  I was expecting a very sweet alcoholic beverage. Instead I found an excellent dessert wine, very enjoyable. I highly recommend it.
I really am a fan of Duplin Winery, and now that I am on the west coast, it is harder to get my hands on. This is a good group if you are into white whines, however neither I nor my wife are a fan of the scuppernong.
This wine trio was for my step-daughter out of state. She liked getting it very much, but not so much the flavors.I do nit drink wine myself therefore was very hard for me to choose. I will ask someone's advice next time.
Good sparkling beverage - light and fun to drink - ideal for a girls' night out or book club or predinner.
This wine was very full bodied. It goes fantastically with Salmon surprisingly. There were clear hints of  berries, specifically raspberry.  The finish was very smooth, with just a hint of pepper.
This is a good wine that compares well with more expensive brands. It has a convenient screw top for those of us who are not adept with a corkscrew.
This is the first time I bought wine online.  I am quite particular about my Sauvignon Blanc... It is tad bit sweeter than I like yet it is very fresh and tasty.  I am not big on describing the tones, but I can definitely taste peach and apricot... I have never tried Washington State wine before--it is a worthwhile purchase.  The shipping makes it economical since it was the same price whether you bought one or three, which is what I did.  I believe the only downside buying online is shipping.  My wine store usually is able to get many of the wines I am looking for... This one will be on the list...
Very good wine
This is a great wine to sip alone.  Not sure it would stand up to strong foods but has a nice but short finish.
I don't drink many whites but wanted to try this one.  I served it with crab, and it was a nice crisp one that others at my table enjoyed, too.
Wine is very good, but didn't receive it in the gift pack that I ordered.Margiek42@aol.com
these wines complimented a maine lobster gift i gave to my son and daughterinlaw..they wondered if i was hinting for more grandchildren,,i've got 7, 4 are theirs, i liked the label and they haven't tasted it yet, so i don't know about that.
We tried this at a local gastropub and enjoyed. It has fruit and mineral with smooth tannins.The tannat grape has a health bonus.
If you are looking for a food friendly wine, this is the wine you want. You don't have to wait too long to drink it either. At opening it is a lighter bodied red wine, a true Washington table wine which will not dominate your meals, rather it will compliment them. If you are looking for a wine to cellar for a few years this is one to add to the list. I would like to mention that I like the look of the label. It is clean, easy to read with a bold character I enjoy looking at too.
Not quite as good as the Bianca that we had in California.
I don't see many Tuscan whites so I jumped on this and was very impressed. Noticeable legs in the glass, vibrantacidity and ample fruit make for the perfect cork dork find- a very good wine at a great price that is also quite unusual.The only knock I have is that the acidity fades too soon, but hey!, drink faster!!
This was a very good wine. A very thick red. Great for Italian dishes or some cheesecake. A bit pricey.
I have had the pleasure of visiting Tom and Kerry at their place in place in Napa twice in the last 2 years. And have been able to enjoy and compare the 2010 and 2011 vintages of TENZ.  The development/progression of the wine from one year to the next is very favourable in my opinion.  I expect 2012 to be even more refined.The wine has the hallmarks of a Marlborough sauvignon blanc, balanced minerality and acidity with fresh citrus notes.  Very drinkable for cocktails or with rocket/baby spinach salad.I fully recommend this wine currently, and look to follow its continued curation under Tom.
For someone who prefers red wines, this was a very good choice with our tapas.I still prefer a sweeter white wine for stand alone enjoyment, but  this delivered the right balance to a complex menu.
First off let&#8217;s say what this mead is not so we can get that out of the way.  This mead is not fancy, it is not fair to compare it to some of the higher quality (and priced) meads, it is not sweet, it not semi-dry.  What this mead is, however, is nice, cheap, strait forward and very dry mead.  If you don&#8217;t know the difference in the types of mead and are expecting dessert wine type sweetness from this mead; you will be disappointed.  If you are a regular mead drinker who appreciates a dry, non-novelty, mead than this is a pretty decent low cost option.  You can get it here on Amazon for about the price that you will find it in-stores.  It is semi-common to find it among stores that carry more than a couple kinds of mead.  It had a nice light mouth feel that is good for wine-type fancy drinking but where it really feels right is drinking it in gulps like you would a beer.  It goes down smooth and while it fills your senses it does not overpower them like a gulp of wine would.  If you are planning on sharing it you should get a few bottles because it will go fast being drunk from steins and mugs in true Viking fashion.  This is my standby mead and typically I will always pick up a bottle of this even as I am buying other meads.  It is nothing to write home about but it is a good basic and traditional dry mead that is great for every day (not literally every day) drinking.
This met a need...my dad had been searching for Sylvaner for years.  He had memories of drinking it in Alsace with flammekueche.  Sylvaner is a basic table wine in Alsace, so even though it was good to have this once, it was overpriced.
This is a good quality wine for the price.  Normally I'd pay $15 to $18 a bottle for wine of this quality.
This is a great blend.  Nice flavor, but not too overpowering.  Mellow, with just a touch of bold.  Try it.
Not too sweet, not too dry, not too tannic.  Just right to go with dinner or just to sip.  Plenty of juicy goodness that compliments whatever it is served with.  I bought thee bottles in a special and liked it so much I went back and bought a case.
Nice wine for the price. We'll buy it again.
I had purchased Smoking Loon Old Vine Zin before and knew that I liked it and so had no hesitation in ordering.  The wine was as good as I had remembered.  Delivery was on time even with the terrible weather at the time.  All in all I was very satisfied with this purchase and would buy this wine again.
For the $, a really good buy.  Shipping took only 2 days!  Very satisfied.
I found this Pinot to be not quite as smooth as some would like.  It would likely mellow out a bit more with time.
I bought three bottles of the Merlot when it was on sale. It is a nice full bodied wine. I like it and would order it again but there was nothing outstanding about it.
This is a pleasant surprise...a light tomato taste, hint of jalape&ntilde;o and very refreshing. Very nice on a hot summer day.
A great wine if you like big flavor and want something a little different than you typical Zin.  It is a thinner wine with a smokiness that I really like.  I wouldn't pay $22 dollars for it though; more like a $15 bottle.
I love everything about this wine! Every variety is good, though I prefer the reds. The price is very reasonable through Amazon, The marketing and packaging is delightful also, if I save the corks and send them back I score a cute t-shirt or retro apron. What's not to love?
I really liked the wines.  They all tasted great.  I thought the bottles were a little small and was only able to get two glasses of wine out of each bottle, instead of the traditional four.  I'm not sure that I will be ordering this again.
Foxes pinots are lovely.  I'm a member of their wine club as it sometimes a bit difficult to get hold of bottles in the stores and it's a real treat getting the deliveries.  The problem I have iis trying not to drink it immediately on delivery!
Delicious selection!  Never a bad choice from this Santa Barbara county gem.  I've had this Chardonnay twice and really enjoy it.
We have been members of Foxen's club for many years and we have yet to taste on of there offerings we didn't like. This Chard has an up front fruit taste.
We've had this Cab several times thru the wine club and it never disappoints.  It's one of my very favorites from the 7200.
I've had this Cab several times, and its been consistently great every time.  Foxen knows what it's doing with their reds.
A nice light summer wine, just like it said in the description.  Am thinking of buying a few bottles for the rest of season.
&#34;So good! Really smooth and fruity!&#34;Very easy to drink. Nice finish. Great price which will fit anyone's budget. I will recommended as a gift..
I have been buying Muscat Canelli from a small winery in Texas and they are having trouble keeping up with demand.  Found this Tagaris Wine on Amazon.com.  Very good wine, comparable to what I have been drinking.  Easy to order and great to have shipment delivered to my home.  I will order again.
Very good mix of wine, Already ordered another 3 bottles of the Sweat because it was so good.  Can't wait to order another set.
I liked this wine. I did not give it five stars because I thought the flavor was just a bit to overpowering. Otherwise, this wine is certainly worth the price. I recommend it to those that enjoy a heavy Charddoney. The other white also has what I found to be strong aroma but I enjoyed it in small amounts.
I am not an alcohol connoisseur by any means, but I like to try different things from time to time.I like this variety pack, among which my top two were &#34;The Kings Pyment&#34; and &#34;The King's Mead&#34; probably because unlike the other in the selection, I found these were not too sweet and tasted like a high tannin wine.I am glad with this purchase and give it 4 to 4.5 stars.
Very impressed ... light, crisp, delicious!
I did not know what to expect with this wine and am pleasantly surprised.  It reminds me of a grapey Sauternes without the heaviness of a Sauternes.  I found that this wine went well with a nice salad full of spicy greens.  It also was a nice compliment to a weekend brunch which consisted of a heavy quiche lorraine and other "cheesy" and "buttery" items.
nice and dry
We have been drinking the Savignon Blanc and are well pleased.  A delicate fruity wine that makes an excellent table wine.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a well priced classic white.