What I love about this wine is the fruitiness, and the medium body that allows it to go with just about any dish that you would traditionally pair with a red wine.The name is a clever description of the wine itself, which is a blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and Cabernet  Sauvignon grapes. I normally do not concentrate much on the nuances of a table wine since my goal is to pair it with dishes I prepare and serve in a manner that highlights the food. However, this wine does have a nice balance of fruit and spice that makes it perfect for some fish, any pasta served with a red sauce, or as a wine to be served with antipasti (and especially caponada with crostini).It also pairs beautifully with hearty soups such as pasta e fagioli, lentil soup and Manhattan clam chowder. I only serve meat dishes on Easter as a family tradition - lamb - and this wine goes perfectly with those. I suspect that it would pair nicely with any grilled or roasted meat, including poultry.I can attest that it pairs wonderfully with salmon, seared tuna, and other red or dark flesh fish. Moreover, it works with vegetable dishes such as ratatouille nioise and eggplant dishes. Indeed, it works with most Mediterranean cuisine.For cheeses I have served this wine with cheeses ranging from sharp and complex ones such as Parmigiano Reggiano and Asiago d'Allevo, to blues such as gorgonzola and Saint Agur, to lighter ones like Brie, and it paired with all of them.If you are looking for a dry red table wine that has some fruitiness and spice this is a perfect choice in my opinion. I find myself serving it frequently.
I live near Quady, and have purchased this wine before. It is unique, it is flavorful, it is delicious. It has notes of Rose Geranium - that tastes better than it sounds! Seriously, I love this wine. It is sweet, heady, and perfect for an after dinner drink with your significant other. I heartily recommend it.
Vya Sweet Vermouth elevates your mixed drink beyond expectations!  I just discovered this brand's Vermouth this past week off the internet blogs.  I'd been plowing thru other Vermouth brands adjusting my Manhattans.  This one is spectacular.I'm going out tomorrow to hunt down their Dry and Whisper Dry for my Martini's, and I think this one is going to be my favorite gift to give for the forseeable future!  This will be fun to introduce to my friends.Buy stock!  Via can only get more popular.  As I said...spectacular.
I don't drink very often, but on holidays I break out the Chaucer mead. Whether you drink it warm (with spices) or chilled it still tastes great! Would highly recommend. Note: if you're sharing with friends, you might want to get a second bottle. ;)
I had this over the holiday. I was looking for something at Trader Joe's and the kid there thrust this in my hand and said try this - It's actually on hold for someone but he hasn't shown up and it's the last bottle...okay. Lucky me! This was the tastiest stuff ever. I warmed it up and added the spice it comes with (two little bags for two servings) and it was the best wine I've ever had. I am not an expert when it comes to honey mead, as this was my first, but boy, was it good. There was a little left over in the pan and it heated for a little longer than it should have and it turned into a rich, thick, warm honey syrup.I've been trying to find this since at local stores, but apparently, it's a holiday type drink, if I had access, I'd drink it on any cold winter's night. I am considering putting an on line order for it, but haven't yet. I am sure it would be worth it as this is some very tasty, wonderful, warm and smooth mead.Also, just to mention, you can drink it over ice, but I didn't try it that way. I warmed mine up with the spice and drank it in a mug.
I had tried mead at a local Ren faire and wanted to purchase some. I found Chaucer's Celler online but was afraid to buy it.  Luck would have it that a local wine shop/ state store has this very brand so I bit the bullet and bought it. WOW am I glad I did, if you had ren faire mead this blows it out of the water. Hints of citrus, floral and of course honey. I can't do it justice, it just tastes like June feels. Warmed and spiced it is just the thing to warm and cheer you on a cold day.
We tries this for the first time on the request of my friend. It was wonderfully smooth with a sweet taste that wasn't cloying. It was delicious both cold and warmed with spice. I highly recommend this mead.
This wine is a red sparkling wine, meant for desserts, especially chocolate and fruits. After letting it chill in the fridge for a few hours, I opened it up and tried it over the next couple of days. It has a distinct raspberry flavor, which is very nice since I love raspberries. It's very sweet tasting, being the sweetest wine I've tasted so far. It smells a little sharper than it tastes to me, with less of the raspberry and more of the alcohol in my nose. The taste is very nice, though. Oddly, after the bottle had lost some of its carbonation because it had been sitting (loosely sealed) in my fridge for a couple of days, it tasted better to me. There was only a little bit of fizz when I poured this last glass. This is a great wine and one I really enjoy, as far as dessert wines go.
We had this wine during a dessert wine tasting on a cruise ship "Freedom of the Seas".  My wife doesn't care for red wine but likes white and rose wines.  This sparkling wine in really fantastic either by itself or with chocolate or pizza...yes you heard it right...pizza.  The wine steward at "Vintages" the wine bar really knew his stuff and had us try various wines with many different foods.  This is not really for the main meal, but it is a blast for appetizers or desserts.  Who knew??
I'm a pretty big wine drinker. I like the red wines that are a bit sweet and this wine totally fits this bill! I was introduced to this wine this weekend and now will always have a special place on my wine rack. Sweet, but not over-powering, and a bit bubbly, and just great tasting.
I am not a big wine drinker but I absolutely LOVE this wine.  It is a little sweet and little bubbly and oh so refreshing served cold.  Everyone I have turned on to this wine tells me it becomes their favorite.
I actually normally don't like white wine but this one is delightful. I had it with a salad and it complemented it perfectly.
This is one of the best Shiraz I have had in a long time.  The notes are smooth and full. Would love it if it were available, like NOW!
Although this is not a wine for connoisseurs, it is a surprisingly excellent table wine for every day serving. Most folks will look at the price and dismiss it. It's priced and packaged like any other cheap bulk wine.Where this differs from the other bulk wine offerings is it has a dry, fruity flavor and a smooth finish. Most other wines in its price range have a processed taste that is an immediate turn off and can actually wreck an otherwise good meal.One of these days I am going to blind test this with some friends alongside a couple of my favorite (and more expensive blends) like 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Presents Rosso andFolie A Deux Menage A Trois Red 2010to validate (or disprove) my hunch that this one will stand up against those two.This pairs with any food that you would serve with a red, including those that I mentioned in my reviews of the other two wines mentioned.  Do not get me wrong - this is not an exact clone of the Coppola or Folie A Deux blends because all three have their own characters. And that is the point: any review of a bulk table wine that seriously mentions character and dares to compare to other, better regarded table wines speaks volumes about the bargain this one represents.
I have not been able to drink wine for the last several years do to getting migraine headaches that last 2 days after. While traveling in Europe I had no problem at all drinking the wine. I have talked to many wine concierges, they all had suggestions. Nothing worked!I have a friend that is a bio dynamic vineyard owner himself,  I told him about my situation. He suggested Willamette Vineyards. I called and talked to a lovely lady Wendy. She educated me about the way they process and filter their wine, as well as treat the land. All incredible.But the best news of all is, I have purchased 3 bottles of this Pinot Noir Whole Cluster Wine and it not only tastes remarkable, I have not got one headache from it! I am singing praises for Willamette Vineyards and enjoying wine again.I highly recommend this vineyard and this wine.
Tasted wonderful. I would buy more if I could find a little lower price, but it is still the best tasting for the cost I have found!
I like to preface all of my wine reviews with the disclaimer that I am not a wine connoisseur. That said, I am reasonably knowledgeable about how to pair wine with food because my passion is cooking and I want to select wines that truly complement my food.This is one of the most versatile wines in that it goes with any food that you would normally serve with a light red wine, but it is also one of the two reds I have found that pair well with foods that are traditionally served with a white wine. The other one is2010 Antinori Santa Cristina Sangiovese. However the key difference is this Beaujolais does not have that explosion of fruit that the Sangiovese has, which does not distract you from the food. In that respect I opt for this wine when I want my guests to focus on the dish with the wine unobtrusively enhancing it.To be sure, there is a lightness and fruitiness to this wine. That allows it to work well with seafood dishes or a light cheese and fruit plate on a hot day. One dish with which this pairs beautifully is country style French onion soup in which the only ingredients are butter, onions, a touch of sherry or Chardonnay that is seasoned with black pepper and sea salt, and served over a baguettes with Gruyere cheese baked over it.This wine also pairs well with a dish like steamed mixed shellfish that is almost always served with a white wine. More importantly, this wine has paired with every cheese I've paired it with, from a simple Brie to a grilledRaclette Suisse Classiqueto one of the stronger blues like Gorgonzola.A word about Beaujolais: This one - Beaujolais-Villages - is classified as a vin de pays or country wine, which is a cut above a common table wine. This class of Beaujolais is not as heavy or as complex as Cru Beaujolais, nor is it as boring and one-dimensional as Beaujolais Nouveau, which I avoid.This particular brand, Louis Jadot, produces excellent wines in all categories and is my personal favorite for Beaujolais-Villages and a few other wines I serve.
I should preface this review by noting that I have been particularly disappointed with 2010 California Cabernets. Each seems to have the same problem - profound immaturity, manifest as simplicity of flavor and monotonous fruitiness.I picked up the 2010 Decoy largely due to a nicely reduced price at a local wine shop. I am delighted that I did so. My guess is that this wine overcomes the monotony of the 2010 vintage by adding other varietals - to its benefit. This wine is terrific right out of the bottle. I do not know where the grapes are grown. I looked up the town in Sonoma where the wine is bottled, and it appears to be in Southwestern Sonoma, on the way to the Sonoma coast. If the grapes are local to the region, it may explain why this doesn't have the taste of a comparable Alexander or Russian River wine.In any case, congratulations to the vintners on a winner in the spotty 2012 U.S. market. Speaking of case, I will look to buy one in the near future.
Tobin James is an excellent wine, and this one especially!  My husband and I have enjoyed a few Tobin James merlots.  It's difficult to find such good wine at such a reasonable price.  If you ever have a chance to go to the Tobin James tasting room in Paso Robles, I highly recommend it!  Cheers!
The Infamous Goose is a very inexpensive Sauvignon Blanc, at about $10 per bottle, but it packs in flavor. As is typical of this variety from Marlborough, New Zealand it is very citrus-y:  the flavor of grapefruit hits you at once and continues to the bottom of the glass. Others with perhaps more refined palates taste a variety of different fruits, lemongrass and honey --  but to me it's grapefruit all the way. It's got good body, and is a wonderfully fresh drink, one that goes with a wide variety of foods.  You can hardly beat the price - try it once and then buy a case!
If you like sweet wine or moscatos then you should like this. It goes down very smooth and has a great flavor and after taste. Buy a lot of bottles..;)
If you are someone who has not acquired a taste for alcohol, than this is the wine for you. This was recommended to me by a friend and I loved it! I was skeptical at first because it has the smell of your typical wine but I was hooked after my first sip. I rushed to the store and bought a couple more bottles the next day.
My husband and I enjoyed this wine very much. We ordered a bottle of it while on a cruise. Since we don't drink wine often, our waiter helped us decide what to get. It has a light, and not too sweet or dry, flavor. I will order it again. Yum!
I discovered this wine by random choice at my local supermarket.  I've always enjoyed Reisling wines however, the alcohol content was always very low, i.e., 9%.  I was extremely surprised to find that this wine has an alcohol content of 12%.  Wow!  This makes a perfect accompaniment for any light entree and most guests will enjoy its fruity aroma and taste.Now this is now my white wine of choice over Pinot Grigio or a Chardonay.
I've tried a number of wines, and I could never make myself like it. I have been hunting for an affordable wine for my wedding, and I bought this at our local Sam's club. I found the taste fantastic! It is very sweet and bubbly.
This  is a really good wine! If you like sweet wine then this one is for you! I never opened a bad bottle  of barefoot.
If you're a white wine drinker like myself and enjoy them on the sweet, fruity side, you will enjoy this wine.  I chill it on ice and enjoy it immensely.  It has the hints of apricot, honey, and a touch of citrus.  Pick some up and find out why it's won awards.  There are other good moscatos out there, but this one has a reasonable price tag, and it's suitable for any event.  You can party with it, and it adds a bit of sophistication to the affair, or you can enjoy it at home while you're relaxing.  Pick some up today and see for yourself.  If you like sweet white wine, Barefoot won't disappoint you!
I hate when snobs make something so complicated, that it becomes in inaccessible to normal, everyday human beings. You will see those types of reviews here and you'd be best served to ignore those self important Jack asses and their pseudo sophistication.This is my favorite wine and if it makes me low brow in the eyes of the snob, well, so be it.this wine is so pleasant and delicious, it literally goes with everything. Its sweetness is perfect to my palate, hitting all the right notes. I dare say it is the perfect moscato, peach, citrus, and a touch of effervescence.most highly recommended#
I bought this wine strictly because it was recommended for health reasons as a truly fermented and purified wine. Due to its low cost and screwcap I did not have high hopes of a good taste and I have to say that as someone who generally does not care for sweet wines, this one has really grown on me. I not only feel like I'm sipping something healthful but that it tastes good as well. I only drink one glass per day and not every day.
This is one of the best wines!  We love it and have shared with family and friends - they also love it.  The only problem - it is very hard to find.  Wish more places carried it.  I have been looking for somewhere to purchase more - so far, no luck.
This wine is so delicious!  I tried it at a restaurant back in NYC and truly fell in love with it. It has such a nice round structure with a nice balance of tannins, fruit and acid. I have had this wine with Pizza, Beef Stew, and believe it or not some nice herb roasted chicken and it goes so great.They also have a cool facebook page. I googled the wine as I wanted to buy a case and stumbled upon their facebook page.
I've been buying this regularly by the bottle at Astor Wines in NYC, gave it a shot one day and was amazed how delicious it is. Especially for the price point, you're not going to do much better than this.
Sweet and light! I bought a case to give out to friends & family @ Christmas for the New Year's toast. It is so very yummy!
This is by far my absolute favorite wine.  I can no longer find it in my area, I don't know why.
This is an amazingly smooth and delicious red wine that is very reasonably priced.  Hard to believe it is the brain-child of a rock band.  Once you open the bottle, you'll be highly reluctant to re-cork it!
Just had this at a Japanese restuarant - got to be the best white wine I have had in 20 years or more. Just perfect.
We find this White Port to be better than the Ruby or the Tawny Port.  Smoother and not as sweet.  Good wine for sure!
If I were a vintner from the Champagne district of France, I would be very afraid of this &#34;methode champagnoise&#34; from Washington State.  I bought several cases of the 2011 for my son's wedding rehearsal party and a few cases of some very top line reds and whites.  At the end of the evening, I was informed that almost none of the expensive wines had been touched, but that we had only two bottles of the Blanc de Blanc left, and could he have them for his tip.  To make a long story short, when the occasion calls for Champagne, this is the ONLY wine we use.  The 2012 is magnificent and I have high hopes for the 2013, bt because we live in a small Southern coastal state, it may take some time to get here, when it's ready.  As you might guess, it travels well, like their Sauvignon Blanc, which we also love.  I'm not going to bore you with some poncy BS about the &#34;finish&#34; and so forth.  Just buy a bottle and find out for yourself.  But if you don't, that's OK, because it just leaves more for me!!
I have a cellar with over 500 bottles.  I decided to check out Amazon's wine offerings when I heard they had started to sell wine.  Kathryn Hall had great ratings, so I decided to buy 6 bottles.  I opened the first bottle right after Thanksgiving.  It was fantastic.  Beautifully balanced.  Lovely aromas, lovely fruit but not overpowering.  Long, lingering finish.  So glad I still have 5 more bottles....
I always wondered if price mattered with wine. Although I am no expert, the Kathryn Hall Cab was amazing. Very smooth, fruity and enjoyable to drink. It is expensive, but worth it!
I'm not a fan of dry wine or wine in general and I love this stuff.  Very sweet and full of flavor.  It's a little expensive but worth it.  When you need a cheap substitute Banrock also works but this is still the best.
This is not a paid review.  If you want something NOT dry, you will agree that this is the BEST wine you have ever had!
All I can say is "My guilty pleasure." If I was on a deserted island, this would be one necessities.
Disclaimer: I am not a CWP (Certified Wine Professional). If I were, I'd describe the wine this way (courtesy of cheapredwinefinder), "The nose is black and blueberry, toffee, leather with a late hit of Smuckers strawberry jam. You don't get Malbec, Syrah, Bonarda wine blends very often, the Bodega Elena tastes very different from other red blends. A very soft, smooth wine with rounded fruit flavor and a full mouth feel. It tastes of blueberry and Starbucks Mocha Venti,  sweet cherry and Sambuca. The mid palate adds a touch of creamy vanilla custard and a shot of orange zest. The tannins are smooth and sweet and the acidity is low. The finish tastes the same as the body of the wine and starts out strong but quickly fades".In other words, it has a full, awesome flavor for an inexpensive red blend. I have searched for a great fat, red wine for over 30 years and the Bodega Elena De Mendoza Red Blend is by far the best. So good, in fact that I seldom drink anything else since every other red I've tried (regardless of price!)has proven a distant second.Buy, try and enjoy!
My wife and I have been searching long and hard for a good Cabernet in the $12 price range for 1.5L and we have found it in a bottle of Robert Mondavi Woodbridge. Great notes of fruit and not sweet at all. Very crisp without being too acidic. Pairs quite well with a wide range of meats and cheeses. Taking a chance on this wine isn't taking a chance at all. It is the last step to finding your favorite Cabernet Sauvignon!
My cats loved this champagne.Unfortunately they only got one glass each before I dropped the bottle on the stone steps outside my council house.Whoops!
Delicious wine to drink during the week and for bringing to a get-together.  I'm not a wine know it all or anything, but I do know what I like.  I had heard rave reviews about J.Lohr's Merlot, and though I will drink merlot, I really gravitate more towards the cabs and zins....something a little fuller and deeper.  I was pleasantly surprised with this merlot.  It has a smooth finish and is a wonderful wine to drink with chicken and other meats or just sip.  No bite to it, nice full body.  I would recommend to red lovers who may, like me not normally buy a lot of merlots.  This one has won a few awards and it is evident why-it is a delicious and a good all over wine.
I am ashamed to admit it, but I am only recently 'discovering' Argentinian wines and am impressed. Malbec is the basis of their better known reds - indeed, it has practically become their national grape.This wine is light and fruity with a floral bouquet. The description claims dark cherry, but to my palate it's more like plums and berries. Regardless, it is a medium bodied dry wine that can pair with some meals that you would traditionally serve with a white wine.To be completely up front I am not a fine wine expert. I am a chef who focuses on food and the wine that best complements it. Most of my wine experience is with table wines. Aside from pairing with food I also look for values - wines that are inexpensive enough to be served as a daily table wine without compromising the experience. That eliminates a good many 'cheap' wines which are too often plagued by a flawed finish that tastes overly processed.Because this wine meets all of my criteria as a great table wine: inexpensive, delightful taste and perfect pairing with some dishes, it merits the five stars I awarded it.It pairs with poultry and red flesh fish like salmon (indeed, it goes beautifully with cream cheese and lox), and other fare that you would normally associate with white wine.  It also would perfectly pair with milanesa (a thin, breaded cutlet), as well as eggplant dishes, and even pastas with white or cream sauces.Here is the recipe for a dish I made to specifically pair with this wine: I made a simple bechamel sauce by melting 2 ounces of butter over medium heat, then beating in an equal amount of super fine flour, then adding 4 ounces of heavy cream and mixing into farfalle pasta. I added fresh, chopped parsley and whole, fresh arugula and tossed. It was a perfect dish by itself, but enhanced with some steamed shrimp as a garnish.For cheeses it will go with most, but to my palate it goes best with blues like Roquefort or Gorgonzola, and some of the more neutral creamier cheeses like Brie and Camembert. But it will definitely complement other cheeses, including Parmigiano-Reggiano, asiago and the like.If you have not tried Argentinean wines in general, or Malbec in particular this is one to check out.
I bought a bottle of the Bennett Cabernet to take on a cruise.  Took it in on the last night, and it was wonderful.  Earthy, warm, minimal tannins and a hint of cinnamon.  I bought it for $30 plus had to pay a cork fee.  Considering it was the last night, and the wine would have gone to waste, it was still great.  I will certainly give Amazon a go.
I fell in love with "Roodies" when I first taste-tested it in Vancouver, BC about 12 years ago.  I'm not a fan of mixed varietal wines at all, but this one is always stocked in my home.  HOWEVER, it is very, very difficult to find anymore!  I beg wine stores (yes, literally "beg") them to keep it in stock.  It must be popular, because it is never on the shelves when they do have it.  Wine merchants must really be snobby about "Roodies" or the import fees (and feds) must be giving KWV a really hard time!  One can find the 2008 wine easily available, but mostly through NY/NJ merchants.No need to comment on my comment.  It's all about taste, and I, personally, and my wife truly love this wine.  Great with steak or chocolate desserts!
This wine is much sweeter and smoother than typical red wine. It is delightful. The flavor is mild and the finish is smooth. Truly tasty wine.
Light medium browning ruby color with pale meniscus; light cherry, baked cherry, raspberry nose; tasty, baked cherry, raspberry palate; medium-plus finish 93+ points (one of the very best Tawnies available)
Stating this is the best Zin I have had is based on me drinking say 10 different Zinfandel wines.  This was the best by a fair margin.  It was actually a revalation how good this tasted.  It was so smooth and silky and paired exquistily with BBQ ribs or any meat I grilled to finish the bottle.  Two summers ago two local wine shops had a sale on this so I picked up about 4 bottles for around eight each, if I remember right.  I thought that it would be average or about the same as I had drank before.  Not so.  I might or might not buy this at around twenty.  It is very good.
I start wine reviews by disclosing that I am not a wine expert. Instead I am a chef who selects specific wines based on how well they pair with dishes I serve. It's important that you know that up front because a wine connoisseur will probably approach this wine much differently with invaluable information to which other connoisseur will relate.If you are used to California chardonnay with its rich, buttery flavor this one will surprise you. It's crisp and has a definite touch of oak intermingled with some fruit.Since my goal is to pair a wine with a specific dish where the dish is the center of attention with the wine playing a supporting role, this one goes extremely well with dishes that use a lot of butter. That is because the California chardonnays would subsume some of the dish's flavor because they are buttery in and of themselves. Moreover, some of the equivalent California wines like2010 La Crema Chardonnayhave interesting nuances that would vie for your palate's attention. That is an attribute that I try to avoid since my criteria is to make the food taste the best it can.My rule of thumb, then, when pairing a chardonnay is if the dish uses olive oil I serve a California wine to balance it out. For dishes that have a lot of butter this one wins out. A typical dish that this one pairs with exceptionally well is country style French onion soup.The recipe is not the same as Americanized versions that use beef stock. It's typical French fare that I start with melting four ounces of unsalted butter in a soup pot. I next chop four medium size yellow onions and add it to the melted butter and cook uncovered on medium low for 90 minutes until the water in the onions has been cooked out and the onions caramelized. During this period I do grind in some black pepper and a pinch of sea salt. I occasionally stir and every 30 minutes add in a tablespoon of Chardonnay (sometimes I use sherry). After the onions are completely done I add 5 cups of water and bring to a boil for 1 minute, then simmer covered for ten minutes. I place toasted slices of baguettes in the serving bowls, ladle a serving of soup over them, then top withCave-aged Gruyereand bake until the cheese melts.For pairing this wine with cheese I make sure that I serve it with Saint Agur, Roquefort, brie or Camembert, which I also pair with fresh figs.This is a higher priced table wine that works well with dishes that require a crisp white wine that has a hint of oak and fruit. I do not serve it often because of the price, but for certain dishes like the French onion soup no other wine complements as well.
How do I purchase this Salmon Creek chard I have had this wine before and it is excellent.I am unable to purchase it in any wine store or spirit store period. I want to purchase it through Amazon how do I go about it.This is just a great tasting wine period.
We have been to this winery, and I am so sad it's hard to find in the US.  If you have ever had the pleasure of enjoying ice wine this is the cat's meow!
Ciro is one of the great values in wines because it is priced in the same range as an inexpensive table wine, yet is sufficiently complex to enjoy by itself.  This one is less than half the price of the next grade up -Librandi Ciro Rosso Classico Superiore Riserva Duca Sanfelice 2009- but is significantly more than half the wine.While the Reserva is an excellent wine that can be considered to be a 'vino da meditazion', this one comes close to it in complexity, nuances and pleasure.It's a heavy bodied wine that is best served with meats and spicy dishes, as well as eggplant or hearty soups like pasta e fagioli. Most of the dishes that I prepare and serve are centered on vegetables or seafood, so this is more of an after-dinner wine versus a table wine in my household. And that is what makes this such a bargain. When was the last time you considered a sub ten dollar wine to be served after dinner?Ciro is made from primarily Gaglioppo grapes (although a small percentage of Trebbiano and Greco grapes are permitted). These grapes and the wine itself have been around since ancient times when Calabria - the boot of Italy - was part of Greece. Indeed, this wine is claimed to have been served at the first Olympic games.This is another wine that I recommend slipping into the line-up at a blind tasting to see just how expert the experts are. If the grapes do not baffle them, I am betting that the price will. Definitely worth trying as a wine that's a cut above a table wine.
This wine is perfection. Robust, crisp and smooth. The brand achaia clause retsina is the most sought-after wine. Served with any meal.
I'm not much for all of the fancy wine talk, so let me just say that I thought this wine was delicious.  It was crisp and fruity with a slight acidity. I bought three more bottles after we made our way through the first one in 30 minutes,
This wine is so tasty, sweet and smooth!  It's definitely a dessert wine, and would go GREAT with chocolate or cheesecake.
I am not a big wine drinker but this is sparkling and sweet and it tastes really good. I can drink two bottles of this and won't ever dislike drinking it. It's really good.
Perfect glass after glass. This is an outstanding deliciously delicate not overly sweet just lovely. For those who enjoy Italian wines, sparkling Italian wines, and Champagne.
The first sip taste weird, then after that it taste like strawberries and raspberries with nice vanilla undertones. I classify it as semi - sweet, the food editor at my paper thought it was very sweet like preserves.Really good with grilled food,cheddar cheese and those hershey with almonds bars. It brings out all the individual flavors of whatever you are eating. It is really good on a picnic. You don't need a corkscrew, just take the plastic off and give it a couple good twists and your done.It is really hard to find, though. Two stores told me they have been waiting 3 months to get there shipment because the warehouse is out. Another manager seriously told me this wine is frowned upon in the world of wine and only lightweights and only low class people drink it. Whatever,she is full of it. Because this older couple really enjoyed it when I sent it to them in Florida. And they happen to be serious wine people.
The name Zinfandelic captures it all - this wine is a great example of Zinfandel that will please any Zin-fan. It's fresh, with fruit-forward flavors of dark berries and cherries. Hints of spice and earth and a nice finish.  The tannins are supple and well integrated, so it makes a great food wine. I keep a few bottles on hand for parties, as everyone, including the white wine drinkers  really like it. In fact, I've had some non-wine and white wine drinkers convert to red wine because of Zinfandelic Zin.  The duo pack includes 2 bottles of the current vintage and a fun wine tote (which, I'll be honest, I kept for myself).
Is was thinking about buying some Bailey's for Holiday Coffee.  I saw this at TJ's for $2 and bought the espresso flavor because it was for coffee anyway and the color was darker (similar to Bailey's in color) than the regular flavored ChocoVine which looked kind of pale.  In Coffee very similar in flavor to Bailey's at a 2buckchuck price, nothing to complain about.  Because of the price I upgraded the rating to 5S.
Smooth and addictive . A definite for the chocolate lover. You will want more than one glass . Better than Irish cream .
One of my medical doctors recommended drinking one glass of red wine each evening stating in the context of "we never have to prescribe blood thinners to alcoholics". Most everyone has heard the benefits of antioxidants from dark chocolate and reservatol from red grapes / wine (it's actually part of the grapes self-defense mechanism in response to the growth of a fungus growing on organic grapes!) What better than to combine these two flavors into the best tasting wine known to m... me?  Wonderful aroma, smooth flavor! My husband loves chocolate milk but generally doesn't consume wine. He immediately asked for more when served chilled Chocovine. There isn't a better recommendation possible! ;-) If you are of age otherwise aren't restricted, try this wonderful dessert wine! I have found Chocovine available in two sizes. 750 ml and 1.5 L.
I am among those who thought...eewww when I first saw the bottle and thought of combining those two items. But, I really like eating dark chocolate with a smooth red wine, and so when I was at dinner with friends who served it for dessert, I tried it.  I had it on the rocks. I think it is wonderful.  I notice it is flying off of the shelves in the area where I live.  I have tried the original and the cream flavors, heard the raspberry wasn't as good.  Haven't tried the espresso flavor.  If you aren't sure you will like it, have a few friends over and try it, I'm sure someone will.  It does remind me of Bailey's.
I thought the whole idea of chocolate wine was weird, but once I tried it, I was hooked. It's sweet and smooth, like a creamy chocolate drink with an alcohol bite. Just delicious. If you like sweet drinks such as Baileys Irish Cream or Kahlua try the ChocoVine. Most people are turned off on the idea until they actually try it. I like to mix a little coconut rum in. It tastes something like an Almond Joy.
This a very smooth wine. Not to sweet at all. It has a fruity finish with cherry flavor. Very good and no aftertaste or dry taste.
This wine rocks your palate! It is fruity yet bold enough to stand up to hot and spicy Oriental, Hispanic cuisine or fish dishes....Excellent blending by the Beringer team! Forget the white Merlot made by the vineyard that  starts with an S! This Beringer newer creation is smooth and of a moderate body, pleasing from the first taste taste to the last swallow! No &#34;gasoline finish&#34; on this one! Smooth and tasty!
Not only is this wine scrumptious, but I've visited the C.G. Di Arie winery and find the owners to be delightful. I'm sad for those of you too far from California to make it out there, but now you can at least enjoy a taste of California in a glass. And so it is.
This Zin has a nice light profile with a full Zinfandel punch. Great with food and great alone!The price is great and i am not afraid to bring it to a friends house for dnner! You have to try it!
I live in a zinfandel region, and I like zinfandel, but I love this one.Chaim Gur Arieh makes wines to remember, savor, and make us happy. This Zinfandel is delicious. It's complete, complex, not harsh. You can tell it comes from grapes, but it isn't jammy. It doesn't have the searing high alcohol of poorly-made Zins we see too often. It's a pleasure to drink while you cook or with your meal.I am so happy to share this wine with my friends and now you must try it. Enjoy.
I received this wine at Christmas as a gift. My husband and I had this Wine my favorite roasted lamb dish. We were both blown away by the quality and smoothness and long finish.
This wine is a full body fruity wine with a gentle bite. I always enjoy the El Dorado county wines, but this is over the top!
It's always a pleasant surprise to come across a product that you haven't heard of that surpasses your expectations.  I've had this wine numerous times and find that it tastes more like a refined Zinfandel more so than an overbearing red with lots of harsher tannins and finishes.  The Sierra Foothill region might not have the cache of Napa and Sonoma (yet) but these smaller family-run wineries are producing some excellent tasting wines at very affordable prices.  A nice discovery and well worth trying.
I tried this at a wine festival and LOVED it!  Some Zins can get a little peppery for my taste but this one is well balanced and has a fantastic finish. I also love their Barbera. Hoping I have enough time to get a shipment by Thanksgiving!
I live in CA wine country and C. G. Di Arie is what I choose to serve my friends and visitors.  C.G. Di Arie is the essence of Northern California, world class grapes, world class process, family owned and operated and yet affordable at every level.  Nothing in their line-up is out of reach and everything they make is worth more than the price.  The Foot Hills Zin is my favorite varietal and American Legend is my favorite blend.  Napa and Sonoma may have marketed themselves into a reputation but this little winery tucked in the Foot Hills of the Sierra does a better job and produces a better wine.
I had the amazing experience of visiting C.G. Di Arie, both its tasting room and Dinner Under the Stars event on a very special "Girl's Reunion Trip" with my best friends(having grown up together in New Hampshire).  Such lucious wine.  Chaim Gur-Arieh makes superior Zinfandel; C.G. Di Arie is my favorite Zin of any; we loved Zinfandel, American Legend - a perfect balance of spice & flavors - and fun! Savor it w/ dinner by a pool!  Another favorite of the trip was the Petite Sirah, which I highly recommend if you love Zinfandel. Yet, my personal favorite . . . is Sierra Legend, Estate.  And Dui Amici.  Give C.G. Di Arie a sip or two.  You won't be disappointed!
I had this with dinner at The Rusty Parrot in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. It has one of the crispest tastes I have ever enjoyed in a Reisling. An excellent wine worth every penny.
My wife and I bought this wine because we have never had a DRY Riesling. It is wonderful! We found it to be an excellent apperitif as well as a good pair with spicy Asian cuisine. Those Aussie's did a good job on this one!
I recently had some of this wine at a local italian restaurant and upon leaving the restaurant we went straight to the liquor store to purchase another bottle.  It is what my husband would term.. a lady's wine.  It went very well with our meal.  I would recommend it to anyone..
Love this stuff, my favorite wine!! I had this at a restaurant and fell in love. Hard to find, I usually have to order it online, but it is worth it.
I think I got a bottle of the 2007 Syrah at Costco. Getting any wine that is not "cellared by" or "vinted by" at this price is a find. But this Grown, Produced and Bottled by Estate Bottled Syrah is an exceptional find.
I grew up in SB, and I always had millions of wines to choose from. Through fickle fate, I left and now reside in the south. Here, I don't have as much of a selection that isn't big name, big brand. That means a lot really bland tasting over priced wines. Some of these guys know so little about what they're selling the big name wines are selling for cheaper than the little guys. In other words, the worst wines are selling for twice the supposedly better. Imagine Barefoot selling for $40 and Mondavi selling for $10.Anyway, I was looking something REAL. Something like home, and I was depressed. I picked up a few Yellow Tails -chards, cab, pinots- and I was blown away. This wine has made a huge impact over the last decade or so, but I had no idea they were so elegant and tasty and together. Thanks for being my savior in the middle of this wine desert that I live in. Thank you for flavor and satisfying my palette when I need it the most! Reminds me of home.
I have been a huge fan of Fetzer wines for years, and the Gewurtztreminer has been my all time favorite, a great value!....but I find the product description a bit on the "fruity" side....overdone.
I purchased a bottle on the recommendation of a friend and discovered a perfect wine to pair with creamy or buttery dishes that comprise Bolognese and French cuisine.The reason this wine pairs so beautifully with dishes from those areas is the citrus that dominates this wine. It is a wonderful contrast to the rich dairy products that are the foundation of those cuisines.  There is a hint of unidentifiable berry in the wine as well, which adds to the contrast.I've uploaded two customer-supplied images of dishes that I typically pair with this wine. Those are but two examples. This wine would also pair nicely with a country-style French onion soup (see my review ofCave-aged Gruyerefor the recipe if you are interested.)Cheeses that this wine pairs nicely with are Spanish Manchego, Asiago (especially the pressato variant), and even blues like gorgonzola and Saint Agur blue. I am sure there are more, but these are the ones with which I have enjoyed this wine.Because this wine is versatile enough to serve with a variety of dishes, and perfect for the cream and butter ones, I now routinely serve it as one of my 'house wines'. If you want an inexpensive white table wine that tastes as though it cost twice (or more) as much this is one to try.
This wine is really hard to find, is the only one my husband and I like. Is unique with an awsome taste...not sweet, not dry..!!!Love this red wine
This is Bordeaux sweet white that is comparable to sauternes.  I would say that is lighter than a sauternes and does not have a strong botrytis flavor, but it has one thing going for it-price.  All told this will cost about fifteen with shipping and insurance.  In my extensive research I found only one store that sold it.  I could only find one review and that was in French.  That writer wrote that this was a bargain.  On the bottle it states that there are 2.5 hectares devoted to the grapes of this wine.  That does not seem like a lot to me.  I wouldn't think that there was much of this vintage produced.  It should age fairly well as it has a high sugar content.  At this price point it seems like a very good deal.
I love this wine. It is reasonably priced but hard to find. I sometimes consider going out to dinner and paying $55 a bottle just to enjoy it.
The most amazing blend of caramel and chocolate, this wine is a full dessert on its own.  It is a sensory sensation.
Being a both frequent Amazon reviewer and a frequent white wine drinker, I felt compelled to submit my humble opinion on this excellent Greek offering. Most of my wine consumption entails lower to moderately priced sauvignon blanc and medium priced champagne. Lately, however, I have been exploring Greek products to help bolster their export economy in any small way I could. Fortunately, I stumbled across this lovely bottle.The first "Greek table wines" that I ingested seemed to be mislabeled industrial solvent. Then, a local wine merchant aggressively suggested this bottle of 2010 Skouras Moschofilero. I was very pleased with his recommendation.What is particularly enjoyable about this wine is the initial taste of sweetness similar to that of a desert wine but that doesn't linger. It makes an excellent choice for any casual get together. Supplant your typical pinot grigrio or sauvignon blanc to impress friends and family with your creativity. This moscholifero will complement a light summer meal or just make a nice option for guests at your next party.
Very nice wine. Smooth and had a wonderful flavor. I Had tried red wines and a few white but this is by far the best I have had.
This wine is delicious!!  I tried this wine after a taste tasting in an upscale grocery store. i tend to lean towards a drier crisp wine...both white and red. To my surprise, i found this wine to be above my expectations.  I saved the bottle so I wouldn't forget its name.  This wine will be included in my wine displays of one of my top favorites.  Can't wait to go back to the grocery store! I usually tread shopping but the tastings make it more enjoyable.  I would not have tried it if i wasn't asked to have a sip!
Sweet yet dry. Great before during or after food or whatever.  Italian, steak, seafood or just cheese or just sipping!
This Australian origination is truly a delightful twist of tastes. It's sweet bubbliness satisfies the palate with the juicy flavor of freshly-ripened grapes. Surely to please anyone--from the simplest to the most complex of tastes. Enjoy!
I bought this sparkling moscato at Sam's club for a girl's wine night. Everyone loved it!! It's fresh, and sweet and a delicious wine. I will defintely buy this again!
This wine is truly AMAZiNG!!!!! I love Cavit & this taste exactly like it!!!!I'm a fan for life!And it's wonderful price!!8.99 for a big bite!!You gotta try it!!!
This i probably my all time favorite vodka.  It hits initially with a fiery spice before mellowing out to a slightly sweet aftertaste that soothes the spice.  Only wish i could find it in a store near me.
I ordered this by the glass at Red Lobster, it was crisp and refreshing. When dinner finally arrived it was the perfect complement to the lobster and crab legs. It didn't overpower the delicate seafood.
This is a great Pinot Noir that is pleasant to drink in almost any occasion. This wine proves that California produces some of the best wines!
Just opened a case that my daughter sent.  This is fantastic.  Hope it is available locally.  I will be a fan.
Disclaimer: I am not a wine connoisseur. I am, however, a reasonably competent chef who specializes in Mediterranean cuisine and am more interested in pairing the right table wine with a meal.As a table wine this one is probably the most versatile of the reds because it is light and fruity enough to work well with foods that you would normally serve with a white wine, and it goes perfectly with most dishes that call for a red.I have served this wine with just about every type of fish imaginable, as well as with fruit and cheese platters. It seems to go with just about any cheese, from a Parmigiano Reggiano Stravecchio with all of its complexities and nuances, to a creamy French brie on a baguette. It should go without saying that it is ideal for pasta dishes with any style of sauce from red to a simple aglio e olio.  In other words, this is a wine you can serve with just about anything without 'breaking rules'. I'll leave the rules to the wine snobs.One thing that makes this a truly great wine instead of a run-of-the-mill vino da tavola is the finish. It's smooth and allows you to taste nuances that you will not find in most table wines. I've served it to some folks who know a thing or two about wine and they were impressed with it - and not a little surprised that this is a sub-ten dollar bottle!I've included some photos at the top or this page in the customer-supplied images section to show some meals that I have prepared and paired with this wine. If you like good reds to serve with meals I personally believe that you cannot go wrong with this one.
This is by far the very best Moscato I have ever had. It is lightly sweet, not dry at all, can sit in the glass and maintains it wonderful flavor. I have tried every Moscato I can get my hands on and there is not one that can compare to this Asti!
This was the first Moscato that I tried years ago and it is still at the top of my list. I have two others that I love, but this one is my first love. Once you taste it, you will compare all others to it. People would tell me to try others and how they love it, but once I tried it, I wanted to spit it back out. I knew that they had never experienced Sarracco. Great taste at a great price. Second favorite...Castello del poggio moscato
My five girlfriends and I have been have been having "Ladies Nite" for about a decade, and drinks are an absolute must. A few years back, someone brought some Moscato and we all raved about it. With all six of us taking turns hosting every third Friday of the month, different brands and kinds of Moscato were sampled and rated. In a scene reminiscent of Goldilocks, some of the drinks were too dry, too sweet, too bitter, or too simple. Ever since then, we've collectively been looking for the perfect bottle. We've tried at least twenty different kinds of Moscato, ranging from the cheapo $6 bottle to the $27 bottle (which was horribly overpriced if you ask me).Now enter SARACCO MOSCATO D'ASTI.Ohhhhh myyyyyyyyy !!!  Finally, here was a drink that made all of us sincerely happy that we are over 21.Sweetly seductive, yet wonderfully sophisticated...Saracco is quite possibly THEE best Moscato on the market.
This is "El Jefe", the owner of Twisted Oak Winery. I know the vendor is not supposed to review his own stuff but I wanted to see how this worked. I promise to probably hopefully never let it happen again...Please now go and post your own reviews of our wines! And Stay Twisted! - j
This wine is great. Not from Napa but doesnt need to be. Calaveras County has some good things going on, especially at Twisted Oak.
I'm still developing my wine palate so I'm not going to throw in to a bunch of essences and ingredients that this wine evokes.  But it's slightly sweet, modestly acidic, and very smooth.  A great inexpensive wine for a warm afternoon.  I'm going to finish this bottle quickly.
Although I normally do not drink white wine, this is one I serve and enjoy when I am serving steamed mussels, shrimp and similar foods. Do be aware that this vintage - 2009 - is close to the end date for when this wine should be consumed. In fact, it may be past its peak already because Cortese di Gavi wines are normally consumed within three years of their vintage.The main reason I love this wine is it has hints of pears, which enhances shellfish, as well as a complex array of other fragrances and flavors that make it a perfect match for a Caprese salad with grilled fish, or a cheese and fruit plate on a hot day.I discovered this wine when the one I normally serve - the less expensive2011 Principessa Gavia Gavi- was unavailable. It was serendipitous that it was because this one is more complex and interesting, with more pronounced apple and herbs that I cannot readily identify.Some cheeses that this wine pairs nicely with are Spanish Manchego, Asiago (especially the pressato variant), and even blues like gorgonzola and Saint Agur blue.For table wines I will probably stick with my less expensive brand that I usually buy, but for special occasions this is now the one I will always serve.
I have never experienced a better red wine of any vintage, year, foreign, or domestic.  I have sampled many wines more expensive but most half the price of this wine.  None compare.  This wind is like silk on the tongue. Dry and sweet melted perfectly together and a higher alcohol content (14.5). I know this will made me seem like a barbarian, but this wine is my best when camping out in the California desert.
Our in laws brought a bottle of this over and we had it while we were waiting on the bbq to finish. It is a really good wine with a dark fruit and spicy tone to it, went great with pork and grilled vegetables.
Love this inexpensive (cheap) wine. Makes a great gift as the packaging is so clever. the wine is pretty good, too.
I give it a 91 - a must buy! It has an oaky and a grovey taste with a slight berry finish!
Delightful wine. Smooth finish and for the price it can't be beat.  There are wines over $40 dollars that do not offer the same rich flavors this wine does.
This sparkling wine is delicious!!! It is very sweet and is a great substitute for dessert.  The aroma is very pleasant as well. All my girlfriends love it and look forward to a chilled glass or two every time we get together! No other Moscato compares to this one!  It may cost a few more dollars than the Barefoot bubbly moscato that is so popular but it is so worth the money!  You can view the wine makers description at this site [...]
I was looking at our local World Market for a sparkling Moscato and this one was recommended. I was a little skeptical because it costs a lot less than the one I normally get.I'm hooked. This one is crisp and tastes clean. Normally, the cheaper Moscatos can leave a kind of "sour" after taste.I agree with the other reviewer that this is MUCH better than the Barefoot brand. I personally don't like any of the Barefoot wines.
This was given to me as a house warming gift.  I LOVE IT!! It is the new favorite for me, my girlfriends and now my sister.  I purchased it for her birthday:)  We held a NYE party and even the men like it!  Very clean and crisp!!  For the price you can't beat this.  It is my go to wine.  All of the Cupcake wines have yummie names.  I am looking fwd to trying the Angel Food, it is a white as well!  It is must if you like white, clean tasting wine!!
I am neither a wine connoisseurs nor as fond of white wines as reds, but this one is a pleasure. I select wines to complement food I cook and serve, and I love wine bargains. That means I am more oriented towards table wines or one step up which the French call vin de pays (country wine). I leave the high end wines to the true connoisseurs whose sole focus is the wine.What I love about this wine is that the citrus dominates, with other aromas that I cannot identify, but are fruity nonetheless. This one pairs beautifully with dishes made with a high butter content, as well as cheese-centric dishes such as foundue and raclette. And, of course, any white or shellfish will be enhanced.  I've uploaded a customer image to show one dish - country-style French onion soup - which which this wine especially pairs well.For cheeses, the crispness of this wine, combined with the citrus, goes beautifully with any blue and particularly the salty and piquant Roquefort and its Italian cousin Gorgonzola. It also goes very well with the milder and creamierSaint Agur (1 pound) by Gourmet-Food. For cheese and fruit plates I would easily pair this wine with grapes, figs and pears, but would avoid citrus since that is so dominate in the wine itself that they would cancel each other out.One final thing I love about this wine is the price. It is affordable enough to be a daily table wine, but of sufficient quality to serve it at wine and cheese tastings. It is one of the whites that I immediately consider for dishes that I mentioned about, and one that I recommend to friends who are struggling to select the right wine for any butter-rich dish.
A friend gave me a bottle of this as a part of my introduction to Portuguese wines and cuisine. Frankly I did not know what to expect since I had never tried a Portuguese wine (not counting a cheap and unsatisfying port in my earlier years).This was a surprise on two levels. First, after immediately opening it's fruity with a lightness that belies its deep red color. In fact, it's so deep that it is almost black. However, it had an airy taste that would make for a great summer wine. There was also a hint of sweetness, although this is a dry wine.After it had been allowed to breathe in the bottle for an hour it opened up into a more complex wine that comes close to what we Italian-Americans call a vino da meditazione - a wine that deserves your concentration. This falls short of that mark, but not by much. It does have a complexity, but also has a singular cherry note with a little bitter aftertaste. The aftertaste is actually pleasant to my palate, and it certainly shows that this wine is capable of pairing with heavier meals. I do not eat meat, but can imagine it going well with a steak. I would also not hesitate to serve it with salmon.This is a wonderful table wine in my opinion. It is about on par with any table wine based on nebbiolo, gaglioppo or Cabernet Sauvignon. 'Table wine' is the operative description. I am not diminishing the value of this vino because my focus is on table wines that I can pair with dishes I create that do not compete with the food. This one does that admirably.
This is a delicious red wine from South Africa! I purchased the vinturi wine aerator, put this wine through it and let it continue to breathe while I made dinner. It was amazing! Goes great with chicken and creamy dishes (or just a nice cheese on its own). I was introduced to this wine by a friend from South Africa and I'm so glad she told me about it.
Everyone should try this wine at least once becasue it's unbelievable. I just wish it was easier to get in the States.
I tried this Sauv Blanc at the Kunde Winery in Santa Rosa/Sonoma, where it was being sold at $17 a bottle.  I was most impressed and felt it was a close runner up to my fav Sauvigon Blanc from Merry Edwards.  The Kunde is a bit more than half the price of the offering from Merry E. and only slighty less quality. I was so impressed I bought 3 cases, but the kicker is I was able to purchase them down the road from the Winery in Santa Rosa at the Safeway for $8.10.  That was a lucky find, as I  felt the original retail price at the Winery of $17 presented an excellent value considering the quality of the wine.  The wine is fermented @ 80% oak and 20% stainless and provides a very nice quality and balance that only a few Sauv Blancs seem to achieve.
This product is amazing! Vibrant ruby in color with lots of rich earth and dark berry aromas on the nose.  Bright raspberry, cranberry fruit, with some warm spice on the lingering finish. Easy to drink and it has a cute story on the back. I can't get enough of this wine and bring to dinners and gathers just so I can get another fan hooked ;) It's a Zinfandel blended with Petite Sirah that you should try!
I keep coming back to this wine because it's surprisingly good. In fact, I've previously gone on record - in writing - claiming that this would be an interesting wine to slip into a blind test. More about that in a minute.About the wine itself: where this differs from the other bulk wine offerings is it has a dry, fruity flavor and a smooth finish. There is a hint of peppery spices too. Most other wines in its price range have a processed taste that is an immediate turn off and can actually wreck an otherwise good meal.It pairs with any food that you would serve with a red table wine, and goes with any cheeses from the creamy French brie and related cheese (including salty and pungent Roquefort) to Italian cheeses like Pecorino Romano - and everything in between.Back to the blind test. At a recent dinner I hosted my guests enjoyed two more expensive table wines - a2010 Antinori Santa Cristina Sangiovese 750mlthat was a big hit, and aLouis Jadot Beaujolais-Villages 2010, both of which were perfect with the salmon in lemon tahini sauce and country style onion soup. I served each guest a glass of this wine and they thought I had dipped into my expensive stash. When I revealed that this was a bulk table wine with no particular pedigree they were amazed.My own palate and observations of guest reactions confirm to me that this wine may be sold as a bulk table wine, but it's a cut or two above. It certainly merits consideration as a table wine that is versatile enough to go with most dishes.
My wife prefers a white wine in general, although she does enjoy a good cab or merlot when I grill a filet.  She had a glass of this pinot grigio with her dinner at Macaroni Grill and absolutely loved it.  The pear flavor is what sent her over the top.  We now look for pinot grigio that has a distinctive pear flavor.  Unfortunately we are unable to find this vintage at Total Wines and More nor at Bev More, so it looks as though we'll be dining out more at Macaroni Grill.  We hope that Amazon.com is able to restock this product.
Drinking this refreshing, light, slightly effervescent wine is like eating the finest, sweetest grapes ever grown!  I love this wine!
Delightful wine without all the junk added. Give it a try and you will be a believer when you don't have the 'red wine headache' the next day. Very inexpensive too, love this wine and I bring it to events everywhere and recommend it as my favorite wine.
I had this wine in a restaurant and loved it so much I had to get a case!!!!. It is flavorful and smooth...no bitter finish.  I have purchased many expensive wines but would take this bottle any day. The price is incredible for this wine...just wish it was bottled with a cork and not a screw cap...
I love, love, LOVE this wine.  I am not usually a white wine drinker and I am by no means a wine snob.  I just really enjoy reasonably priced wine that is versatile enough to go with many dishes and/or tastes great on it's own.  This Riesling is smooth and flavorful.  Most Rieslings are too sweet for me but I find that Kung Fu has a crisp aftertaste that allows me to enjoy more then one glass without feeling like I am getting sick from sugar intake.  It tastes best to me during the summer time, or at least in warmer weather as it is served chilled.  Plus, with a name like Kung Fu Girl, how can you go wrong??
My sister give me a bottle of Roscato for Thankgiving and I was blown away be the sudden burst of sweetness yet it isn't to sweet. I've never enjoyed Red Wine until now, this wine is great for all occasions.
I'm not normally a fan of red wine, but this is great! We got it at Olive Garden, and it has since become my favorite wine. It's just sweet enough without being too much. Love it!
You can find these bottles conveniently located at your local Krogers for about the same price here. I will drink this wine with just about anything. Hands down, my favorite. If you're looking for a non-risky type of wine, this is definitely one to try. 5 stars!
Contrary to most red wines, this wine is best served chilled.  Once you get it to a crisp temperature be prepared to experience the most delectable berries mingled with gentle bubbles and finished with a pleasant sweetness that lingers on the tongue -- just begging for that next sip.  Think I'm exaggerating?  No, this is simply a phenomenal wine and truly a quintessential "sipping wine."  For its quality, you might expect this wine to be upwards of $40 - $50 a bottle or a much older vintage, but Roscato Rosso Dolce's winemasters have perfected the art of creating an exquisite yet remarkably affordable wine out of a very young vintage.  Not only will you appreciate the quality but you will find that one glass accompanies everything from dinner to dessert.  And a little note to my fellow ladies out there -- there's absolutely no better stress-reliever than soaking neck-high in an luxurious therapeutic bubble bath while sipping the best damn wine under $15 I've ever had!
I've tried other red wines but this was my final search. The best red wine ever! Has a little fizz and the bitter red wine taste is hardly there. I  love the fruity taste this wine has. I would recommend this to everyone. Great with and foods but love it with dessert.
I had this wine for the first time almost two years ago at Olive Garden and immediately fell in love with it!  But then I found out that they had it under contract and that it couldnt be purchased outside of the Restaurant.  And even if I purchased it at the restaurant, it had to be opened by them and a bit consumed before I could take it out.  I am so happy now that I can get it at the store!  Im Canadian, and its not sold here, so I cant wait for my next trip to the States to load up.  Nice gently sweet blush wine with just a touch of effervesscence (sp?)  No wonder they cant keep it on the shelves.
This wine is very, very good!  I went to the Olive Garden at the end of the year in Lancaster and had a taster of this wine, well I am happy to say that I am still drinking the wine and it is very good.  It is the only alcohol beverage I drink now and I am good with that..So if you are a person who love to drink wine please be my guest and try this one and believe you wont just have one bottle.....Happy New Year!!!!!!
This was love at first sip... I tried this exquisite wine at Olive Garden sampling it as a recommendation from our waiter. As a casual wine drinker and not a wine connoisseur by any means this wine had the perfect blend of sweetness and taste to not make me be forced to take the next sip. I searched tirelessly as in Texas no online retailer ships here and FINALLY found it locally at our Signature Kroger. I bought 3 bottles to keep and must say for the price which was around 12 dollars it was well worth it. I cannot judge this wine against other more expensive wines as I have not been able to but trying many many different brands of moscato which b/c of its sweetness is why we would drink them makes me want to venture into other red wines and types of wine. Worth the try!
Like just nearly everyone else, I first tried this wine at OG and really liked it but didn't think I could find it in stores in my small town. To my surprise, the local bottle shop sells it for about $12 per bottle. It's a very versatile drink since it's casual enough to drink in a solo cup with icecubes, yet so much classier and adult-like than boones farm haha. I also like the moscato from the same brand.
I had yet to find a single wine that I could tolerate, let alone enjoy... Like other commenters, I, too, first tried this at Olive Garden, which we live quite a ways from. Bottles of Roscato were on every wish list of mine from that point on, until it came off contract and  I was finally able to get it in our local state liquor store. Now, I always have one in the fridge - luckily, I'm not a big drinker, so they either last me a bit or are thoroughly enjoyed by guests.
This is the wine that is served at Olive Garden for $25. a bottle.It can be purchased at state liquor store (if you are in PA) and other outletsfor 8.99. It has a really great taste, sweet, distictive taste that is differentfrom most. Its most adictive as once you taste it you will want more!It also has a bubbly consistancy.  Very good with a meal, desert or any celebration.My only wish is that it came in a bigger bottle than the 750 ml.If anyone finds it in a larger quantity please let me know!I give it a 10+ AAA rating!  Enjoy!
Before proceeding let me be clear that I am raving about this as a table wine and not one that would make the cut at a wine tasting. On the other hand, at a cheese tasting or informal gathering where you are pairing some wines with antipasti or tapas (or meze), this one will make the cut.It has a distinct berry jam like taste with some hints of spice, making it ideal as a medium bodied dry red wine that would nicely pair with any meal that calls for red and even some where you would normally serve a white. Some examples of the latter are with broiled salmon, seared ahi and similar dishes.This is the second Chilean blend that I have come across that impresses me. The other one isFrontera Cabernet Sauvignon Merlotand the shared characteristic is a very smooth finish that does not taste processed.Do not let the screw cap on this one's bottle deter you - it's more convenient than the cork or synthetic cork-like stoppers that are in many bottles of wine, and the wine itself is on a level way about domestic bulk table wines.  If this were a French wine it would probably be classified as a vin de pays - a country wine - that is a notch about a table wine.If you are searching for a decent red table wine that is inexpensive and truly worthy of pairing with a home made meal check this one out.
If you go into an Olive Garden Restaurant, and order a red dry wine, this is the top of the heap!  It is flavorful, correctly acid and has a wonderful finish.After a visit to an Olive Garden near Hilton Head South Carolina, I was in love with this wine.  The Olive Garden claims that this wine is their wine and fermented exclusively for them.  Well I did the legwork and found the wine for much less of a price then offered at Olive Garden.My find is your benefit... try it once and you'll see what I mean.Want to talk about this wine... email me at dagardenguy@yahoo.com.Walt
Ordered this at an Italian restaurant to go with some chicken spiedini Oscar (seafood and alfredo).  I love a good Riesling, but it is sometimes hard to find at a restaurant.  This wine was crisp and slightly sweet, a great companion to the shrimp and scallops that topped my chicken. Served nicely chilled, I feel this wine would go nicely with many light to medium dishes.  I highly recommend, and will be purchasing a case for my own wine cellar.
I'm not a heavy drinker (very moderate) but I do like my blushes and "pink" wines.  I'll do the occasional heavy red with some meat or anything heavy and I'll do some whites with my fish or chicken.  Lambrusco is a little too sweet for me unless I'm in the mood, but I think this sorta fits into that category of a candy-like wine.  It's not exactly sophisticated but it's extremely refreshing.  I can drink this with a light meal or salad or even over ice on a hot summer day.  My first impression of this was that it tastes just like those Japanese Kasugai gummy candies, Muscat flavor of course.  I have no idea what "experienced" drinkers would think about this wine but beginners will love it, moderate drinkers would enjoy this as a light refreshing candy-like bubbly drink.  My personal taste?  I love it. It's yummy! Just like the title says!
I tried this wine last night while out at the club and I was in love. I am not a heavy drinker, I drink on occasion and when I do drink all it has been was barefoot and arbor mist, nothing heavy. I don't want to drink hard liquor, just something sweet and light I can drink with any meal(mostly dinner and maybe Lunch).  This drink was smooth, sweet and slightly bubbly and is only 5%. I am content with that. It satisfied my want and exceeding my expectations when purchased. Had a great night even though I only had two glasses. Thanks Bartenura!!
Yumm! Had this at a restaurant in California.  I live in the Midwest,  I am able to purchase by the glass or the bottle with dinner here, but was unable to buy anywhere else that I could find.if You're a white zinfandel lover,  you're going to love this.
Disclaimer: I am not a wine connoisseur, but a chef who pairs table wines with recipes and meals that I create. I leave it to wine experts to review fine wines.This wine works best with any pasta and red meat sauce meal that we Italian-Americans associate with Sundays and special occasions. That is not to say that it would not go with other meals, like a traditional American steak dinner, because this wine will. However, since I prepare and consume meals that are mostly vegetarian or fish I cannot offer specific recommendations. I do know that it works with the meaty red sauces because I make that for family gatherings. For me it goes amazingly well with most eggplant dishes, including heavy dipping sauces like caponada.What makes this the perfect table wine for the meals that I described is it has a nice balance of fruit with earthier elements that have a slightly bitter aftertaste. Because of this it complements the herbs and spices used in those meat sauces, which are common in the region from which this wine comes: Puglia. Indeed, the word Liante in the brand's name is an homage to the strong, seasonal winds in the region called vento di Liante.This wine will pair with other Mediterranean dishes too, but is best with those dishes that are spicy and based on meats or eggplant. And while it will work with wine and fruit platters, this is not my first choice of wine for those because it will compete with great cheeses and overpower most fruit.Because of the complexity it occupies a place between a table wine and a finer wine that will command your attention while enjoying it for its own sake (commonly called a 'vino da meditazion'.) This is not common for wines in the sub ten dollar range and reason enough for wine lovers to try this wine regardless of my classifying it as a table wine.For those who are interested this wine is a mix of 80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera grapes. alcohol content is 13.5%.
I first encountered this wine at a Wine Bar in Cleveland, Ohio and it was a huge hit with everyone in my party including the devoted red wine drinker.  Not too sweet, not too dry and with a fruit forward taste that wowed us. 56% Sauvignon Blanc, 23% Chenin Blanc, and 21% Chardonnay - I am so delighted with this that I have spent the better part of this morning checking online and at local merchants to see about ordering this by the case.
When I ordered John Michael Greer's book "The UFO Phenomenon" from Amazon.com.uk, I got a  40 wine voucher as a special offer. There's just one problem. I don't drink.The whole thing made me feel like a UFO...
If I am correct this is a new addition to the Olive Garden wine selection. I believe this wine is an excellent starter wine for any individual who does not like stronger red wines. In terms of sweetness it is a little less sweet than the moscato that olive garden carries. Personally, I love this wine. I had a glass after dinner and for me it was the perfect wine. Not too sweet, not too bitter, but just right. If you are new to wine I would recommend this wine or if you are looking for something a little sweeter. Hope this helps someone.
I will admit that I am underage to drink but, in the state of Texas, a minor can legally consume alcohol if his or her parent serves it. My mom occasionally lets me try her wines and I always recoil at the bitterness and dryness of her supposedly "sweet, white wines." This was my first time ever having tried a red wine and it's amazing. Just like the first review said; it's not too sweet, but it's sweet enough. It goes down smooth, doesn't burn at all and has no unpleasant aftertaste.
I have always hated red wine and the bitterness of it, but as someone previously mentioned, this wine is a perfect starter wine for those looking to get into red. It's sweet, not dry and tastes WONDERFUL! I highly recommend this bottle of wine for red beginners or just wine lovers in general. And yes it is a wine specific to Olive Garden but you can find it at local suppliers or online.
I recently went to a small girls night wine tasting party.  I learned that I like Sweet Red wines the most.  I tried this wine and finally found that I do like wine :-) I always wanted to find one that I liked and had all but given up. The others I had tried to me were very bitter. I wanted something that tasted fruity.  I will say however that my Favorite Sweet Red to date is Serena Sweet Red (Italian also).  I found the Serena while looking for the Roscato. The store I was at did not have the Roscato and the Serena was on sale.  Both were for me excellent choices as a first time RED :-)
Absolutely love this wine! Had it at Olive Garden the first time. It is a perfect balance and is not dry. Highly recommend to anyone, you won't be disappointed.
I have never found a good red wine until I tasted this at the Olive Garden. Luckily it is sold at a local wine store so I can buy it half the price. This is a sweet wine, not too bitter, not too sweet. I really like Moscato, so the waiter suggested Roscato. It is my new favorite wine. Not harsh going down at all. Perfect for those who haven't found a good red wine yet.
If you are looking for a nice wine for both male or female, or if they like white only, you have everyone covered.This is a pleasant experience. This wine beats $400.00 per bottle wine, enjoyed
I am not a wine drinker but when I found this wine I could not put it down.  It does not have an after taste like all other moscato's I have tried.  This wine is fantastic!!!
I recently had the desire to find a wine that I like after purchasing a beautiful wine rack!  I went wine tasting with a friend & after only tasting 6 wines, there was no doubt this wine was going home with me. Only problem is, it didn't make it to my wine rack. I should have bought 2 bottles. Moscato Primo Amore is a great "First" wine!!
I also tried this at Olive Garden (back in December 2011) and they were charging at least $25/bottle.  I was visitng my parents and went on the internet and found it online much cheaper.  I'm not recalling the website right at the moment, but if you Google it, you can compare prices from several online retailers.  But as others have said, I am not a wine drinker nor do I care for alcohol much unless I can't taste it.  But I am hooked on this stuff.  It's so good.  I could literally drink a bottle at one sitting (though I don't LOL).If you like a sweet, fruity wine and are not a wine drinker, I highly encourage trying this one out.  You can always go to Olive Garden first and get a glass to try first, but don't buy it there.  You won't be disappointed.
I always felt a little left out at family functions, because I hate the taste of most alcohol.  But I tried 1/4 glass of this a Olive Garden recently, and they told me I had to buy it through them @ $22 a bottle.  Honestly the fact that it was so sweet and tasty I had to look it up because I did not believe them.  Found it at a few online websites that ship to permissible states(I live in Colorado) and ordered several bottles.  I ordered from Empire WIne since @ $7.95/bottle & $34.99 shipping they currently have the best deal.  Now I have an excuse to buy some pretty wine glasses.The only thing I would change - is to be able to buy it for this good price on Amazon with their free super saver shipping!  I'd be on auto-renew!
Cabernet is by far my favorite wine, and I chanced upon Rex Goliath at my local Publix Supermarket, on sale for $6.19 a bottle.  Having recently learned that I have been hired for a great job, I bought a bottle to celebrate.As someone who has become accustomed to Oak Leaf and "Three-Buck Chuck", this was a change for me; spending twice the usual price for wine.  I know, I know, wine snobs will laugh, but try keeping up a wine habit with no income.But I digress...Rex Goliath was uncorked and shared with great enjoyment and delight.  It is very smooth, yet still as full as you expect a Cabernet to be.  I was very pleased with the taste, and the bottle was finished off in quick fashion.I will be purchasing this wine again, gladly.  And now that I am employed again, it can become my every day wine, as it is affordable as well.
A delightful cooking wine at a bargain price. I understand it was heavily reduced due to the absence of a label. Notwithstanding it is quite easy to recognise an "82 Lafi" even without a label on the shelf down at the local "bottlo"
The balance of sweetness vs the honey makes for a refreshing taste that is seldom found. We had this (these) on vacation on Cape Cod and were fans instantly. Listed on the menu as a beer we had a very pleasant surprise.
I just opened my first bottle and it is delicious.. a little sweeter than i expected but still yummy.. 12% alcohol :) :)
First off this is a table wine, nothing to fancy.  You are not going to get some other worldly experience.  With that said Our Daily Red is exactly that, something you can open any day for a glass of wine.  Organic and no sulfites which is great.  My wife has a pretty bad sulfite allergy and can drink this wine without issue.  Don't let the haters just label this as a bad organic wine, it is a bottle under $10, you can't expect the world, but you do get a easy drink.
Great wine! This has been my favorite red for some time now.  Bright notes with dried cherry and berries heavy in the nose.  Hints of vanilla, pepper and spice.  Enough tannins to cellar.  Smooth finish.  It's complex enough to keep me coming back.
If you have to drink a glass of red wine each evening, then this is the perfect one for you.  It is sweet and has a smooth, fruity flavor.
About 12 years ago, I stumbled across this Cava while searching for an inexpensive sparkling wine to make novelty drinks for a party. It turned out to be great for mixing with guava juice or drinking straight.  In fact, this is only sparkling wine under ten dollars that is drinkable in my opinion.  If you are looking to add some bubbly at a party where the budget precludes Veuve Clicquot or Taittinger, try Cristalino.
Before this the only wine that I like was the moscato from The Olive Garden. However, having tried this at a Japanese restaurant I like it much, better than even the moscato.
Before proceeding I need to disclose that I am focused on preparing dishes, with a secondary goal of pairing them with complementary table wines. I seek wines that (1) are affordable enough to be served everyday as a table wine, (2) showcase the meals that I prepare, and (3) do not compete with the food I serve.This Chardonnay meets all three attributes that I seek. The price is more than affordable. Indeed, it is priced near the same range as some of the heavily processed bulk wines. It's buttery, somewhat fruity and oak-infused flavor goes very nicely with dishes in which I use olive oil, and is unobtrusive enough to allow my guests to taste the food without getting distracted by the wine. And most importantly, it will elevate the dining experience by complementing certain dishes.As you can probably tell, I am no wine expert because my approach is to highlight food. As I mentioned, this particular Chardonnay is perfect for dishes prepared with olive oil because the buttery nuances will balance and enhance the flavors. When I am cooking with a dish that uses a lot of butter I select another white wine or a French Chardonnay likeLouis Jadot Pouilly-fuisse 2010 750ML, which lacks the buttery characteristic and does not compete with the dish.I've uploaded a customer-supplied image at then top of this product page to show an example of a meal to which this wine perfectly pairs.Cheeses that go well with this wine include Spanish Manchego, Asiago (especially the pressato variant), and even blues like gorgonzola. This wine is also perfect withRaclette Suisse Classiqueand especially fondues based onCave-aged Gruyere.What I love is this wine's quality is far superior to just about any other Chardonnay in its price range, making it an ideal choice as a table wine that you can serve with assurance.
I was inspired to track down a 2008 after recently tasting (and reviewing) the2010 vintage.As expected this is a more complex wine with a very smooth finish, but with some differences in nuances. The 2010 vintage had chocolate dominating, while this older vintage has subtle spices.  Both shared a rich, ripe plum with a hint of honey. Also, both had a deep, ruby color that characterizes an excellent claret.Beyond the differences I cited it takes a better nose and palate than I possess to delve deeper into this wine. I am guessing that in 2018 this will be a treat, but even five years out it's still developing if my comparisons to the 2010 are on target.I am sure some of the complexity derives from the blend of grapes used: Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. This blend has an interesting history that I will repeat from my review of the 2010:  this is supposed to be the exact blend that the original vineyard owner - Gustave Niebaum - came up with in 1910. The problem with that claim (made on the Coppola web site) is Niebaum died in 1908, so it may have been the vintage to which the site refers. As a side trip into trivia, Niebum apparently was a man of many accomplishments. Aside from being the world''s leading fur trader of his era, he extensively explored and mapped the coast of Alaska, and was the first to make Bordeaux-style wine in the US (upon which this blend is based), and established the Inglenook winery.This is certainly a cut above a table wine and even above with the French call a vin de pays. I am not sure if it will evolved into anything grand, but it is certainly a wine I am not ashamed to serve guests who know their vino. And it is an excellent table wine to be hauled out for special meals. Because of how it has mellowed it would pair with practically any meal, including seafood.
I drank this to celebrate my engagement and upcoming wedding!  It was the smoothest Moscato I have ever had.  I like my wine sweet, and this pulled it off without overpowering you with sweetness.  Great wine!  I bought this bottle from Maccabee's Deli in Des Moines.  I will have to order more bottles now!
While I am not a connoisseur I am an experienced wine enthusiast who knows a great wine. My talent lies more in pairing the right table wine with a meal.What makes this wine a winner is the light, smooth finish and the intense fruit. Although the description claims this is a Sangiovese, that grape only accounts for sixty percent of the blend that comprises this wine.  The remaining forty percent is comprised of cabernet, merlot and Syrah. The Merlot probably accounts for the smooth finish and some of the fruit. There is also a wonderful collection of spices and a pepper nuance that permeates this wine.I love it for a number of reasons. The finish and the intense fruit to be sure, but also the fact that this pairs with many dishes that you would normally serve with a white wine. In fact, I think of this as a Tuscan version of Beaujolais. The grapes may be wrong in the comparison, but this wine shares many characteristics of a Beaujolais, including the ability to be enjoyed young.Another thing I love is this is a vino da tavola - a table wine - that comes very close to the next level as a wine that can also be enjoyed by itself. But, to me, this wine shines when paired with food. I have served it with just about every type of fish imaginable, as well as with fruit and cheese platters. It seems to go with just about any cheese, from a Parmigiano Reggiano Stravecchio with all of its complexities and nuances, to a creamy French brie on a baguette. It should go without saying that it is ideal for pasta dishes with any style of sauce from red to a simple aglio e olio. I've also served it to some folks who know a thing or two about wine and they were impressed with it - and not a little surprised that this is a sub-ten dollar bottle!If you like good, but affordable, reds to serve with meals I personally believe that you cannot go wrong with this one.
to preface, i don't have a taste for wine or champagne. most of what i've tried is too bitter. but so far, i would try nearly anything by stella rosa. this moscato is very gently sweet, and i could drink a whole bottle. but the bottle i had, i shared.
A friend of mine let me try this the other night it is so good it is it tastes world like hot chocolate cool or drop of milk or just plain good
Saw a bottle of this at our local Costco for $9.99.As we had recently tried and liked other Spanish wines, I was intrigued by the 92 point rating, and the 2007 year, so we decided to try it.Wow, very impressed. Medium body, just the right amount of tannins to balance out the fruit and other flavors.I am no expert by any means, but this seemed to be like a really good California Pinot Noir.We drank the entire bottle at dinner with ribeye steaks, going back to buy some more.
This is an exquisite Pinot Noir.  I'm so happy to have discovered it.  I cannot drink any other Pinot after having tasted this.  Highly Recommended!
We enjoyed this wine with dinners of roasted chicken breast and Idaho trout.  The restaurant served it chilled.  It was more sweet than dry, which is how I like Riesling.  It had a lovely lemony background.  Approved!  Only buy Washington wine.
it taste very good, a light slightly sweet taste. would buy it again & again. cant think of anything else
Smooth, not too sweet, worth a bit of a premium. And the Ume fruits inside are very tasty too. Hard to find such a fine wine where I live. Order it!
My sister bought this as a gift for me.  I suspect, as she know I like cats, that she bought it simply for the bottle.  However, I lived in Germany for 18 months and enjoyed more than my share of Rieslings while there.  My taste did modify as I grew older and I tend now to prefer dryer, less sweet wines, but I was interested in giving it a try again.  I waited until I felt in the mood for a sweet taste and opened it up.  I was surprised to find that I really did like the wine very much.  It does run toward the sweet but it is not an overpowering sweetness.  The complexity of the wine shines through and I was sorry to poor the last of it into my glass know it was the last.  I have kept the bottle.  I'm going to see if someone can make it into a small lamp for me.  I thought of a candle holder but that seems too clique.  Going for a more elaborate and longer lasting lamp.  I hope this comes available again soon.  I like the wine very much....and I need a matched set of lamps!  :)
I am normally suspicious of bulk-priced wines, but took a chance on the winery'sLiberty Creek Cabernet Sauvignon. While that wine bore no resemblance to a Cabernet Sauvignon (it was more like a Beaujolais), it was a decent table wine.Unlike its sibling, this wine DOES taste like the grapes from which it was made. It does share one thing in common with the Cabernet: it has a dominate bouquet and taste of over-ripe fruit with some not-so-subtle berries. After it opens up it displays a hint of flowers too.This wine is versatile enough to serve with any meal that would pair well with a light- or medium-bodied red table wine. Although it's dry, there is a perceived sweetness that is from the lingering over-ripe fruit. Alcohol content is 12%, so it's great for quaffing with a good meal - that the meal will need to be the centerpiece because while this is a decent table wine, it is not going to blow the socks off of anyone with an educated palate who wants to enjoy the wine for its own sake. It will, however, surprise a few of those educated palates if they discover the price for a 1.5 liter bottle!The reason I gave it five stars is in the context of a table wine this is an excellent choice. The finish is smooth with no hint of processing that mars nearly every other wine in its class. Plus, for the price it's a bargain and makes an not only a drinkable wine for daily meals, but an affordable one as well.
I'm always on a quest for inexpensive table wines to pair with dishes I create and serve. Normally I shy away from the bulk wines since they typically are over-processed and can ruin a dining experience. I was inspired to grab a bottle of this wine on a whim. My expectations were low considering it was priced as a low end bulk wine (less than seven dollars for 1.5 litersThe first sip was a shock - it was nothing like any Cab I've ever tasted. The polar opposite in fact. The initial flavor before it opened up was over ripe plums (closer to prunes actually), with some hints of spices and berries, with a floral bouquet. Moreover, the color was far too light.  After it did open the floral dominated with some berry and a hint of spices. Not bad for a table wine - as long as you are not expecting a Cab. Peel off the label and tell folks this is a Beaujolais  and they will praise it. Leave the label on and dash their expectations and you are in for a litany of complaints from your guests.In fact, this is so close to a Beaujolais in taste, bouquet and color that you can safely pair it with any dish or cheese that you would normally serve with that wine.  The description claims that this wine will go with steak and other meats. I disagree. True, it will go with them, but not nearly as perfectly as it will with most seafood (including white flesh fish and shellfish), or a wide array of cheeses ranging from the light and creamy Bries to blues, and even complex ones like Parmigiano-Reggiano.The bottom line, though, is this is a light table wine that is priced at the same level as bulk, cheap wines, but is a level or two above them. It would easily fall into the French category of 'vin de pays'. Another plus as a versatile table wine is this one only contains 12 percent alcohol, which will go well with meals without anyone at the table becoming woozy or obnoxious before the meal is finished.At approximately seven bucks for 1.5 liters (and the fact that it's actually drinkable), this is one of the best table wine bargains I've come across lately. I stocked up.
One year and counting of buying, tasting, and recommending box wines...Box Wines are The Best for drinkers of wine...They may be cheap but not the taste.  We are talking of quality wine stored in modern storage units, specially made spouts, and wines that will last for weeks once opened.  I try to drink a liter of wine a day but sometimes i cannot but instead of re-corking the bottle that i cannot finish, I am happy to say that you have no worries when you just want a glass from this box.  A very tasty beverage in my hand and someone hopefully massaging my feet after a long day at work....Mostly $15 - $20 a box divided by 5 liters equals to less than $5 a liter...Cheaper than what Europeans pay a liter to keep their autos on the road.  Economically the way to go. This wine is both very good in taste, not too bold, not too light.It is economical for a glass of superb wine experience.  I have been sold on it.Please enjoy and buy Box Wines for your Health
Can't wait to try all three! The milk chocolate one was a big hit. Dark will be my next one.
I tried this wine once on a whim for something different. I've always been more a fan of red wine in general and the traditional Lambrusco red is a staple at our house...but I fell in love with this the first time I sipped it...it is slightly sweet but not overpoweringly sweet...goes wondeful with just about anything. If you like Lambrusco red you should definately try White Lambrusco.
This is a very nice wine for my taste. I like a light wine that isn't too dry. This is perfect for me.
This is a great sweet wine/sake. I really enjoyed the flavor and the fruit at the bottom of our bottle. This is not dry at all and the sweetness is perfect.
My favorite red wine. Great after taste w/a strong red wine bite. It is one of the stronger tasting red wines that I've had!
I've always preferred a sweet white wine (i.e. asti spumanti)! Wanted to switch to a red wine, due to reports of its health benefits, but everything was too dry, even merlo! Sweet Red Roo by Yellotail fits the bill perfectly! AND, the price is perfect too! Great screw cap, so you can have only a glass at a time! ENJOY!!!
amazing wine, i could not believe it was such a low price. buy it before others get it!Washington State is turning out some great wines at great prices.  this is one of the greatest.
Disclaimer: I am not a wine connoisseur, but a chef who pairs table wines with recipes and meals that I create. I leave it to wine experts to review fine wines.This wine works best with any pasta and red meat sauce meal that we Italian-Americans associate with Sundays and special occasions. That is not to say that it would not go with other meals, like a traditional American steak dinner, because this wine will. However, since I prepare and consume meals that are mostly vegetarian or fish I cannot offer specific recommendations. I do know that it works with the meaty red sauces because I make that for family gatherings. For me it goes amazingly well with most eggplant dishes, including heavy dipping sauces like caponada.What makes this the perfect table wine for the meals that I described is it has a nice balance of fruit with earthier elements that have a slightly bitter aftertaste. Because of this it complements the herbs and spices used in those meat sauces, which are common in the region from which this wine comes: Puglia. Indeed, the word Liante in the brand's name is an homage to the strong, seasonal winds in the region called vento di Liante.This wine will pair with other Mediterranean dishes too, but is best with those dishes that are spicy and based on meats or eggplant. And while it will work with wine and fruit platters, this is not my first choice of wine for those because it will compete with great cheeses and overpower most fruit.Because of the complexity it occupies a place between a table wine and a finer wine that will command your attention while enjoying it for its own sake (commonly called a 'vino da meditazion'.) This is not common for wines in this price range, and is reason enough for wine lovers to try this wine regardless of my classifying it as a table wine.For those who are interested this wine is a mix of 80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera grapes. alcohol content is 13.5%.
Delicious, refreshing
Very nice wine that didn't make me pucker my lips. I will buy only this red wine from now on. Who knew Coppolla wine would be so good?
RIUNITE LAMBRUSCOI have been drinking this wine forever.  I purchase it by the case and go through it rather quickly.  Everyone loves this wine.  I keep some, give some as gifts, bring it to parties.  It's mellow and delicious.  This wine goes well with ANY type of food you are enjoying!  It even tastes great with a big bowl of popcorn.  The price is right too.Riunite has been a staple in my house for over 25 years.  For me, it's just about perfect.  This is not a dry wine, it's sweet and smooth and goes down very easily.  There is also a raspberry Lambrusco, it too is delicious.A house is not a home with some of this great wine!  Check it out for yourself.  And whatever you do, do not drink and drive.  Be sensible and responsible!Thank you.Pam
This is a perfect summer wine. Drink it chilled and it sweet but not overpowering. I like cutting an orange into wedges, squeezing a bit of juice into the wine. It is very good and works well as a light after dinner drink.
This is a fabulous NYS wine at a reasonable price.  This along with the Red Cat was sent as a gift to family down South and they loved it.  You cannot go wrong with this purchase as it was carefully packaged and was promptly shipped.  Cheers!  :)
Our Server at The Olive Garden offered us a glass and not being a drinker we decided to try it being it was my Birthday. I loved it!!??
Out of all the moscato's I've tasted this by far is the best one ever.  The first place my husband and I has it was at a restaurant where it  was sold for $27 per bottle and we didn't mind paying that amount.  But we are so happy that its available and sold far much less here at amazon.
Would love to have access to this wine through Amazon!  Light, slightly fruity and a wonderful wine to enjoy on a hot afternoon!
Light sweet and crisp with a touch of bubbles.  The perfect summer treat!
This is my favorite wine, once I got addicted no other wine tastes as good. Granted it's a blend of my three (previous) favorite wines.
NOT TOO SWEET NOT TOO DRY. A Pleasant surprise for $11 a bottle. A great tablewine.  Worked well with smoked salmon.
I had an opportunity to taste this wine at a great restaurant, Cowboy Ciao, in Scottsdale, Arizona. It was wonderful from the first sip to the very last. Crisp and clean and quite delicious, it was the perfect summer wine! Its price point is also terrific!!
I love it!!!  It is served at a local restaurant (Jesup, GA) and is my new favorite.  Sweet, rich taste.  If you are in to dry wine this is not it.  I have never reviewed a wine before so I may not be using the &#34;critic's terms&#34;.  It is delishous.  I normally drink margaritas if any thing.
Red diamond is a true go-to for an affordable wine that no one guesses is affordable.It has a deep and lovely taste that is equal to wines 4 times the price or more, yet is always one of the most affordable wines on the shelf.  It is also one of the wines most suggested by wine stores for parties and entertaining because it allows one to buy lots on a small budget but not appear as though you saved a dime.The taste profile has lots of depth and a great finish, it is full-bodied with a hint of spiciness.  I am not a fan of sweet wine or cheap wine...this one is an INCREDIBLE value.  You'll shock yourself.  It stays in my wine cabinet as it never falls flat and it is far from a one note wine--lots of complexity and surprisingly so for the cost!
I love this wine. I would pay more for this wine then what its sold for. It has made my non wine drinking husband into a wine lover after trying this brand.
My local grocery store (Meijer) carries Cupcake for $9.99 a bottle and I would pay twice that. All types are good but Red Velvet is my favorite. I always bring it to parties and I even catch non-wine drinkers getting a second glass. Seriously, it's my favorite wine at any price.
Sparkling and sweet wine. Good replacement for mimosas if you don't like champagne. Great also as a wine to compliment dessert as it is very delicious.
I have had French champagnes and domestic sparkling wines of three times this price that weren't as delicious as Carneros Cuvee.  This is my go-to wine for occasions: holidays, pay days, weddings, birthdays they all are worthy of this bubbly.  Top of the line and an absolute steal.
This ros&eacute; from Tavel is the best, in my opinion, and I have shared many bottles of it!  Tavel produces only ros&eacute; and this one is delightfully dry and tasty.  I have bought it only in Tavel and now need to find a way to get it to my local wine shop.
Found this Moscato &#34;ANGEL&#34; and it is an &#34;Angel&#34;. Just the right combo of tastes. Excellent California wine.A must for Moscato wine lovers!
I love this wine!!!  I buy a case every couple of months & I'm just a big fan of Charles Smith.
This honestly has got to be one of the best red wines we have had, and we have tried a bunch.  It just has a great flavor and goes down very smooth.  Definitely would highly recommend this to anyone who is a red wine lover...or not...my wife didn't like red wine UNTIL she tried this one out!
Some people turn up their noses at a Rose. But when I offer up a taste, they have always asked for a full pour. Best on a warm day, light & refreshing.
This is the best Pinot Noir I have ever had. It is smooth with a delightful lingering after flavor. I would serve this to anyone I wanted to impress or simply pamper! I wish I had a glass in hand this very minute!
The St. Clair Mimosa is an absolutely fabulous drink. But, the description states that it's from Mexico. NO IT'S NOT!! It's from NEW Mexico! Please know that you are getting a US made product when you order this!
I was surprised to find this one at Amazon...please get it back in stock. I've found this particular Vouvray to be a quite nice one and reasonably priced. It's a delicious chenin blanc from the Vouvray district in France...what more can I say? The French know what they're doing.
Most delicious Napa Valley Cab!!! For $15.99??I have got one at the local wine store in Central NJ for $23.00I will definitely get few cases here.
I am sipping tonight the 2003 bottle I picked up in Santorini nearly 10 years ago and it is still as delicious as the first sip I had at the vineyard,This Likely hold up well for 5-10 years.If you have never enjoyed a Vin Santo you are in for a special treat!
I absolutely love Earle Estates Meadery Black Jewel!  The only thing I dislike is the fact that unless you live near New York, the only way to purchase this is online.  Hopefully that will change in the future.
This is the best wine I have ever tasted.  Everyone I have ever shared a glass with falls in love with it.  The stores often stop carrying it which drives me nuts.  This is a must purchase!
It's obviously not a purists sake, but the flavor is amazing. Whenever we have this, we take it to Coast in Chicago and always offer to do a shot with our server. The staff is obsessed with it now as well!You can taste the coconut throughout and the lemongrass has a nice highlight on the palette.Enjoy!
To begin, wine is like art to me - I don't care what others think, if I like it it's good. I live in the Sacramento Valley of California and know several folks who are just so pretentious when it comes to California wines - especially Napa Valley stuff - that I just love to offer them some of the wines that I come across very reasonably and watch them drool over how wonderful they are. In my opinion - I know this will upset a lot of people - most of the less expensive wines from Europe are better than most of the more expensive from California, South American and Australia. My standard is this: I only purchase wines from Europe that are under $3.00 a bottle. I find most of these at Grocery Outlet in the Sacramento area and am very rarely disappointed. Now for this wine - I bought a bottle for $1.49 to try it with my friends. It is light, fruity and quite tasty. No aftertaste - clean on the palate. This is suitable for a summer picnic or for just chillin' out. I found it online for @$10.00, so if you can find it for less than $5.00, pick it up. I went back to the store and bought 5 more. I know that it won't keep for too long, but it is so good that it won't be around for long!
So I was dining out of town and saw this wine on the restaurant's wine list.  I thought it sounded pretty tasty, so despite the ridiculous $12 per glass they were charging, I went ahead and ordered.  I've been into the pinks lately and figured what the heck.  They brought out a rather large glass of this gorgeous wine- I mean it's seriously just the most lovely shade of pink ever.  I took a little sip and was pleasantly delighted.  Sweet with a little  bite, just enough to make it stand out from other pinks.  I did a web search while waiting on my meal to see what this refreshing little number cost per bottle and had to laugh when I saw it as cheap as $8.  I know restaurants make a decent profit on their booze, but I don't think I've ever seen a single glass sell for almost double what the whole bottle costs.  LOL!  I'll definitely be adding this to my cache of wines.  Cheap, tasty, and just a little different.  Yum!
My wife and I had this when we were on our honeymoon in Italy.  It is easily the best Chardonnay we've ever had, bar none.  We have searched high and low for it back here in Canada/USA to no avail.  If you have the chance to purchase this, DO IT!!
I haven't purchased the moscato through amazon but I can tell u I've tried this flavor and the peach flavor.... Oh My God! It's sooo delicious! We froze them both but the mango was The Best one! Highly recommend you try this one ;-)
At a recent dinner party, guests were asked to bring a $30 or under bottle of wine for a blind taste test. After tasting from each bottle (a field of 12 with each bottle in a brown paper bag), each guest filled out a score card. This wine placed first.This wine was given to me as a gift and I had never tried it before. I, myself, gave it the highest score in the blind tasting.'nuff said.
Recently went to Cabo and had a glass of this wine with supper.  Superb wine.  Light in taste and good fruity flavor.  Hard to find in the US.  Highly recommend if you can find it.
I had it in France and was a consistent quality winner in my book. Found it unexpectedly at a local grocery store and bought it immediately.Same quality , same memories, more pleasure. will buy it again.I won't spend more than $11 on itBut if you find it around $9, buy a case
I love all of the Barefoot brand wines.  The price is great, the wine is consistently good.  Their red Moscato is my favorite right now.  It's sweet and crisp with just a bit of tannin.  Wonderfully refreshing.
Someone said this wine was bitter  ....not so .....have had the reisling and  moscato...is very very good...never bitter!!!Is at Wal Mart
You don't have to be Greek to enjoy this fabulous white. I often find it hard to interpret professional wine reviews so I will provide the simplest evaluation possible. Imagine an excellent Savignon Blanc with a mild citrus taste but slightly sweeter. That is what you experience with the 2011 Santorini Sigalas Assyrtiko. It is an excellent white wine to serve at a gathering,  with or without hors d'oeuvres.If you have never had an assyrtiko or moschofilero, they tend to be slightly sweeter than most mainstream whites from California or Australia but are a long way from dessert wines.  To the American pallet, Moscholifero tends to have overall stronger taste than assyrtiko. Of all of the Greek white wines I have tasted, this is the best. Friends agree.  It is also a solid value at the 20 dollar price point. Incidentally, this wine is one of the highest rated ever by major reviewers -- 93 points by the Wine Advocate.Greek wines often haven't been well received in the US by non-Greeks.  From what I have experienced, there are a handful of truly awful Greek wines that simply taste nothing like mainstream white wines.  These extremes have tainted reviewers and dissuaded consumers from exploring Greek wines. This wine is a example of something mainstream consumers and connoisseurs alike can enjoy - either with dinner or while entertaining.
To give everyone a little background; I work at locally owned specialty wine store.  I am the manager and the wine, beer, and liquor buyer for the store.  This wine, in my opinion is quite possibly the best wine under $20 a bottle of 2012.  It even rivals more expensive bottles I have sampled but I won't share my jaded opinion about the current wine market.The important stuff:2010 Garnacha, Spanish Grapes, 14.8% abv- Big for a grenache/garnacha- Smooth yet blatantly tanins- Balance between overripened black fruits and delicate tobacco- mild spice- long finish- sooty veggital finish that ALMOST suggests Cabernet Franc (not quite, but almost signature CF green bell pepper)Do yourself a favor, if you see this wine get it.  If you like big wines or $50 Pinot Noirs the balance between the two is quite stunning.  I can honestly say, I have yet to try anything in the $8-15 range that will even come near the quality of the Joel Gott Show Garnacha.-D
Mild, sweet, true to type and very reasonably priced. For a low-price wine &#34;Funf&#34; is very pleasant. It also comes in a four pack of single serve bottles.
Had this wine while visiting in Austin Texas last November.  I have searched and researched, and found a company online that had it, so I ordered a case.  It has a slightly different label and a different distributor, and it's just not the same ;(
This is a Great full bodied red, for Red Lovers.  This wine can be paird with spicy food or strong cheese.
Didn't know what to drink so I ordered this at a restaurant in Ventura and absolutely loved it.  Very smooth, sweet.  We also like to drink Asti Spumante or moscatto sparkling wines.
This is very sweet with a bit of citrus, and bubbles.  Mine and most of my girlfriends favorite!  I have my mother in law and sister in law hooked on it too.
I rate this wine very highly.  It has everything I want in a drinkable, food-friendly, red wine.  I have visited the winery in Puglia, so I know that they make wines of excellent quality.  The Passamante -- made of 100% Negroamaro grapes -- is a tremendous value and tastes delicious.  The wine is balanced, rich -- but not overwhelming -- and fruity in a charming way.  I would drink it with almost any pasta dish, pizza, meat, salmon, cheeses, and vegetable plates (think any eggplant dish or tomato sauces).  Probably not good with peach ice cream, but almost anything else works.  Even chocolate.
If I were a viking, this would be an entire quarter of what I drank. Obviously, it would be unrealistic to think I could survive solely on this libation, but as far as meads go this is delicious. I've always wanted to try meads and so I ordered three or four a couple years ago from this one website and they all sounded great, but when they got in, they just tasted like Pinot Grigios and Pink Zinfandels (with a very VERY slight honey twist. Almost unnoticeable unless you really search for it). At the time, I just assumed "this must be what mead tastes like... bummer." But the other day, I saw this mead in a store and I've gotta say, this is just about what I imagined mead would taste like when I ordered it, so long ago. It was definitely a lot sweeter; very port-like, but a little smoother (I think mostly do to the fact that it's made from honey, rather than grapes) and the honey taste is very noticeable. Honestly, I wouldn't be able to tell you if the hops or hibiscus taste was present. I like to try a lot of different beers, so I'm fairly familiar with the taste of hops, but I wouldn't begin to speculate for how it acts with mead. This mead is very good, in any case. It's probably horrible, daily value wise, but between it tasting so good and making me feel like a greek sea-captain philosopher, I guess I'd just prefer never to know. Choo Choo!!! Next stop, my thighs ;P
Love this meade. I'm a big fan of honey in the first place and I found this by accident and have been drinking it regularly since.Still haven't had a chance to try the other flavors yet as its a pain to find the stuff without having to order it. Definitely recommend it and if you do get, serve chilled.
I am always on the lookout for table wines to pair with meals that I prepare. Sometimes grabbing a bottle on a whim turns out to be a serendipity. That is the case here.What I love is this wine is full bodied and pairs beautifully with just about any meat dish. While I do not personally eat meat I know a thing or two about pairing wines and I guarantee that this will inexpensively transform a grilled or broiled steak into a memorable meal.The taste is dominated by cherry with a nice mix of spices. Also, it opens up in thirty minutes or less, and that's where the flavors merge into a fruitier wine that still maintains a full body.  This wine also goes well with vegetarian style dishes, especially those with a strong tomato base. Among my favorite dishes to pair this with are eggplant in a tomato sauce (or, better, caponata).It stays out of the way of heavier dishes, but can distract from or overwhelm lighter fare. Ironically, when pairing with cheeses the opposite is true. It enhances creamier cheeses like brie, while it competes with some of the more complex cheeses like Parmigiano-Reggiano.The wine itself is actually a blend that consists of 77% Zinfandel and 23% Petite Sirah. While I love it as a table wine it has a whopping 14.9% alcohol, which is a bit strong to serve with meals if you want the wine to support the food instead of hogging the limelight.I always keep a few bottles in my wine rack because for the right meal or occasion - like enjoying a glass with friends - it's perfect.
I am not a wine connoisseur; I just know what I like. Usually I prefer a nice blush with dinner but because of the health benefits of red wine I have been branching out. A local health food store was doing a taste test of this and one other wine, which led me to by this one. The wine has a very smooth flavor with a hint of sweet and is perfect healthier replacement for my usual preference at dinner.
Taste like a more expensive bottle of wine.  Perfect price point to serve at a dinner party or for guests coming over.
a memorable blend of berries,spices and reds.Pairs well with pasta, fish, chicken and any vegetarian dish. Definetly want to add it to my wish list.
I know reds are supposed to be healthier than whites.  Being new to frequenting wine i've recently been trying different types of reasonably priced wines and this was so good i spent a lot of time tracking down where i can get another bottle.
Had this wine at the Library in Myrtle Beach, SC. Pairs well with everything from appetizer through main course, fish fowl, beef, and pasta.  Has long smooth finish.
A superior red blend in a whimsical label.  Full bodied, moderately fruity with excellent balance and a long finish.  Very hard to come by in FL but well worth the search effort.  Suits my  (admittedly untrained palate) to a T.  I'll keep looking.
Best dry white wine out there IMO. I hate sweet or heavy white wines and this is absolutely perfect. Chill it, make a salad or fish - or just grab a book and enjoy.
This port is on par or better then any of the Barringer vintage port of cybernetic.  Goes most excellent with cheese expecially Bleu and doesn't cost as much.
My friend Cindy purchased this bottle of wine when we went to Olive Garden last week. She knows I love a sweet wine and believe me, this is the best I have ever tasted. I cannot believe Cindy paid $28.00 for one bottle when it is so much less here on Amazon. I hope they get some in soon because I intend to order several. May God Bless.
We purchased this Nero di Avola after reading a positive review in Food and Wine and thought it sounded great. An outstanding everyday wine, spice, tannin, rich and goes with a variety of dishes. An amazing deal for a great drink and the producer seems committed to organic and sustainable production to boot! We got a case locally for $9.79 a bottle - including tax!
This is an ingenious idea for taking wine to picnics, tailgating, etc. And the wine is pretty good too! Everywhere I have taken it, everyone wants to get some too (I should get a cut for advertising it :) )
This is a great anytime wine. It's not bitter at all 10% alcohol. The taste is sweet,fruity(citrus), & ambrosial! I need a second bottle! :)
If you like Prosecco, you will LOVE this wine. Fresh and bright, pleasingly dry and without the cloying aftertaste of many, even more expensive, sparkling wines. This is nicely priced as well.
I love this wine! It is light and tastes like a wine spritzer.  Put in some fruit and I'm all set!
This is cheap champagne ....but by far the best I have ever tasted!!!!  Sweet with no after taste at all. Not like the usual sour taste you get with champagne.
At the time of this review this wine was priced at less than eleven dollars, making it an amazing deal. In fact this compares nicely to2009 Pio Cesare Cortese Di Gavi Docg 750ml, which goes for twice the price at the time of this review.Gavi itself is the perfect wine for shellfish in particular, but any white fish in general. The bouquet contains pear and even citrus, both of which are very dominant in this bottle. There are nuances of other herbs that I cannot easily identify.  I am not a wine connoisseur by any stretch, but I am relatively good at pairing wines with meals, so that is the focus of this review.Going deeper into the comparison between this and the more expensive bottle that I sometimes serve: this one is more straightforward in taste. The other one has a complexity that someone who appreciates fine wines will enjoy more, but for a table wine this one is a solid choice.Some cheeses that this wine pairs nicely with are Spanish Manchego, Asiago (especially the pressato variant), and even blues like gorgonzola and Saint Agur blue. I am sure there are more, but these are the ones with which I have enjoyed this wine.While shopping for Gavi bear in mind that this wine is best consumed within three years of its vintage, so this 2011 vintage should be consumed by 2014 at the latest.
It's a pleasant surprise at the first sip! Pretty sweet, peach flavor that just goes down nicely! Wish I could find a place that will still sell this :(.
This was an amazing wine that has a rich foothill history. Paired beautifully with pheasant and Polenta. Can't wait to get another bottle!
If you are looking for a lovely zinfandel, treat yourself - this is a delicious zin that stands out even in a region of zins.  And if you find yourself in the area, visit their lovely winery.  You may be able to meet the winemaker.
I have enjoyed this wine from the first day that I bought a case until we finished it several years later.  It is a beautiful, smooth, full flavored wine with a lovely balance.  Even though we mainly drink it with food, we have also enjoyed it while nibbling on chocolates!  Yum, I think I need some more!
I've enjoyed C.G di Arie wines since they started producing them - but this wine is my favorite.  It is full bodied and deep and I just love it - both just on its own and with meals.  We enjoyed it with friends at a dinner party, and they liked it so much that they ordered some on their own.
This zin stands out as having an intense nose, a smooth finish, long on the palate, with a complex berry structure, internalized tannin and acid with a rich finish. It will age well but is accessible now. If you don't finish the bottle at the first sitting you will be pleased that the second night the wine will present you with a rich maturity.
Five stars for me! This is the perfect wine to take with you if invited for dinner, we took it to a friends for dinner and it was a perfect pairing, big and fruity!
We had a bottle of this incredible Petite Sirah last night at a local restaurant and regretted not having a second bottle handy.  It was deep in color, velvety in the mouth and had such a smooth finish!!! Normally, I am gun shy with Petite Sirah, but this wine made me a believer!Okay, C.G. Di Arie.....you are on my wine map.
I was never a big fan of Barbera. . . until I had THIS Barbera! Barbera usually seems ho hum. . . kind of boring. But this one is slightly mysterious. . . truly special, and now I'm totally spoiled. Yum!
This was purchased for my husband's birthday and he loved it too. Bright fruit flavor, paired well with the pasta.
We frequent the winery often, as we live close by. This is a great wine that one can drink every day. We enjoy taking this to people's homes for dinner, as it seems to please everyone's pallet.
This was amazing.....my new favorite! It is beautiful in the glass, deep ruby/purple color and perfect with food. I served it with spicy tuna and it was incredible. Velvety finish, I wanted more!!!!!!
Petite Sirah is not a common wine to find locally so i was so pleased to find this online. This is one of our favorite California wines, i will purchase this one again.
We had this wine in Caldarola Italy in September 2013 and we have been looking for it ever since. We would love to buy it in the United States. It was crisp and full of black cherry flavor with the bubbliness typical of prosecco. We have been pining over this ever since we first tasted it.
Flavors of the mango and moscato are perfectly balanced. This would be perfect for a brunch (way better than a mimosa) or served with dessert.
i absolutley love this wine. my new number one favorite. if i wouldn't stop myself, i could drink the whole bottle by myself...yes i do recommend you try it :)
Found this at Costco last year for about $7, they no longer have it and I can't find it anywhere.  It is truly a wonderful tasty Moscato!
Smooth mango flavor,and delicious drink to enjoy on a night out. Most definitely a product recommended for others to try.
We have enjoyed Beau Vinge Juliet 2005,2008, and 2010. We have always loved the Juliet. But this is the first bottle of Beau Vinge Romeo 2010 and we are in LOVE!!! It is wonderful! Thank you all so much for your wonderful wine!!! Jim & Carol Morgan  Jackson Tennessee
Buy as much as you can.  This is the best Sauvignon Blanc I've ever drank in my life. Enjoy, Cheers!
Merlot wines have been described as good "starter wines" for folks just beginning their journey into wine appreciation.  They are smooth and reflect the essence of the fruit flavor.  Mendocino County is known for some of the best Merlot vineyards in the U.S.  The wine pairs well with red and white meats so is very versatile and therefore universally appreciated.  This particular Merlot is espcially good!
If you like Pinot Noir it doesn't get any better then this.  Edna Valley isn't the king of Pinot Noir wine anymore.
If your preference is flabby, alcohol-fueled fruit bombs, then you're in the wrong aisle.The 2011 Bravium Winery Pinot Noir Sonoma Coast Volamus Vineyard is a classy wine that pairs beautifully with food or can be sipped with friends in front of a warm fire.  The winemaker's style is all about highlighting the natural qualities of the fruit, embracing the subtleties of the terroir, and balancing the fruit and acid to create wines that are ready to be drunk immediately or aged for several years.  Beautiful structure, color, and one of the best pinots I've enjoyed this year.
I have drank many bottles of the Bravium Pinot Noir and it is absolutely addicting.  Very fruit forward, slightly bold without being harsh.  This wine can be paired with a variety of foods (unlike a Cabernet or stronger red).  I would recommend this for happy hours, get togethers and just about any social gathering.  The ones I attended where this wine was served were the best!  Keep up the good work, Bravium!
I purchased 6 bottles of this wine for summer dinner party. It is crisp, dry, and a perfect wine to sit on the deck and enjoy with appetizers or seafood.  I would purchase again.
As far as a value wine goes, this one is very good.  I would highly recommend it for the price.  Great seller too!
Beautiful wine. So irresistable I buy a case everytime I get the chance since its not sold in my area.
If you like a sweet red you will LOVE this. I am not a wine drinker but I LOVE this wine. We can get to the store and still buy a case every time we buy it
This wine has a delightful flavor. Fruity and very smooth. This wine is a great wine to relax with. Second only to Sweet Walter White.
This is one of the nicest Sauternes at a most reasonable price. The quality manifests itself in the palate shortly after sipping as a pleasant, lasting impression.
I found this gem for $9.99 at local wine shop. It tastes like a good Brunello. Highly recommended!  I will be drinking many bottles of this tonight.
I was fortunate to have a bottle of this last night at dinner with a friend.  It is an absolutely glorious wine, but as my friend and I agreed, really should be held back for half a decade more at least (and perhaps a few decades) to let it mature.  Unfortunately, most restaurants can no longer afford to lay up wines for a long period of time - many risk going out of business before the wine reaches optimum age.This wine opened up beautifully after a just a few minutes.  A bit of smokiness and a bit of flower in the bouquet, no acidity in the taste with good grape and currant tones, and a wonderful purple colour all combined to make this a real experience.  This wine is four-fifths Cabernet and one-fifth Merlot, so it has strong body without being overpowering.If you get the chance, don't pass!
I normally review table wines, leaving the fine and complex ones to connoisseurs whose educated palates can better describe them. In the case of this one, though, I have been drinking it for over twenty years and know a thing or two about it. My heritage is also Calabrese, so this wine is special to me.It's a complex wine along the same lines as a good Barolo or Amarone, and it is best when paired with heavier meals than the light, vegetarian ones that I usually serve. However, it also has a touch of fruit and distinct spice, and can be enjoyed after a meal.If you do pair it with food you will want to serve it with a meat dish like lamb, or a spicy Calabrese dish like spaghetti with garbanzo beans, garlic and hot red peppers sauteed in olive oil.The wine itself is made from primarily Gaglioppo grapes (although a small percentage of Trebbiano and Greco grapes are permitted). These grapes and the wine itself have been around since ancient times when Calabria - the boot of Italy - was part of Greece. Indeed, this wine is claimed to have been served at the first Olympic games.In order to earn the Riserva designation this wine must be aged a minimum of three years and contain 13.5 percent alcohol. Not the stuff of a daily table wine to be sure, but definitely one that I personally believe earns 'vino da meditazion' (a wine that merits your attention while tasting and enjoying it.) Considering the relatively low price that is saying a lot about this wine.Usually when I review a wine I recommend recipes and cheeses. I am going to depart from that format for this one and recommend a book:By the Ionian Sea Notes of a Ramble in Southern Italy. That book was written by George Robert Gissing to chronicle his 1897 visit to Calabria, which was when and where my grandfather was born. It will add context to the wine itself, as well as being an interesting read.
Honestly, I am always pleased with wines from Goose Ridge.  This one isn't just a nice, refreshing white wine like blends from other locales.  It's actually quite complex with distinct flavors between when it hits your tongue and after you swallow.  You'll want to go back for a second and third glass! There is enough Chardonnay to lend structure to the Riesling and Gewurztraminer.  Due to the non-chard grapes it tastes of tropical fruits but the french oaks grants it a vanilla - toasty finish that makes the wine hard to forget.  One of the best white blends in this price range.
Tried it at Olive Garden.  Loved it! Order it every time we go. Have looked for it outside of the restaurant but cannot find the Malbec but can find a few others by the same winery. Good stuff just like the Malbec best!
Excellent  wine wonderful flavor will definitely order again again and again thank youThank you very much for helping me find this Chardonnay
Just like their new Estate Cabernet, this Estate Merlot is the best they have released so far.  It is not your typical flabby Merlot, it is full bodied with just the right amount of oak!
This wine has a very nice oaky flavor with a hint of floral added. We have had the Don Carlo Cabernet Franc before and loved it, so we thought we would give this one a try. It hits the mark as well.
We were in Walla Walla, WA in August 2013 and went to a local restaurant (The Brick) and your wine was recommended to me.  I prefer Merlot's and the waiter said it was very good and he was correct.  One of the finest Merlot's that I have had in the past few years. As soon as I got home I researched the availablity of the wine and found it on Amazon.  Have 3 bottles ordered and soon on its way to me.  Thank you.
As the seasons change, so do my wine preferences. Curling up with a good book and a heavy pour of Don Carlo Estate Cabernet Sauvignon warms me from the inside out. The chocolate undertones only add to my delight. Cab is very popular and grown all over the world. Trust me, I have tried quite a many. This estate vintage is memorable as a stand out. I have already ordered more bottles before they are sold out. Thank you, Don Carlo. I look forward to our long romance.
I received a bottle of this wine as a gift and I am so happy that it is now available on Amazon. I just ordered some more for Christmas dinner! Listen, I am just now learning to appreciate good wine (expanding my palette as I leave my bourbon-soaked 30's, you see) and my descriptive vocabulary is lacking, but I know what I like. And I really, really like this cab. I let it breathe for about 20 minutes before I started making dinner, and by the time the food was ready I had already consumed two glasses. It is full-bodied and really smooth, just a great drinker. Like me. I appreciate that.
This Wine is the best I have had in many years. The fact that it is a(small) Estate grown makes it a plus for me. Also a real NW success story to this one. This one will impress anyone who knows about real wine. I will be serving this one to people who appreciate only THE BEST ! My hats off to the Wine maker  for creating this one.Very nice ...
Loving these wines and winemaker.It is great fun to visit them at the vineyard. If you can't get to the vineyard, order it here or visit their tasting room in downtown Walla Walla, Washington.Kudos to you at Don Carlo!
After contacting seller complained about the wine being delivered during a very hot week (stored in shipping facility over the weekend), seller courteously refunded my money which I didn't expect.  I opened one wine yesterday, it tasted very smooth and good.  Just as what was described.  I am very satisfied with the quality of the wine and don't think the hot temp had done any damages enough to ruin the taste.  Will buy from the seller again.
I have tasted their other vintages but this new Estate vintage is the best so far.  Nice depth and quite full flavored for a new release.  This will age well too!
This is such a great cabernet!  We love and keep ordering as soon as we run out!  Can't wait to try their next release!
I moved to the Walla Walla Valley last year, and it is 'wine country'.  I have tried many of the wines now available here, and although many are very good; Don Carlo Cabernet Sauvignon is the one I serve most.  It has never failed to impress anyone who tries it.  At a dinner party earlier this year,  a member of a competitive winery admired it, and recently referred to it as 'the best cabernet in the Valley&#34;.  Thought that was a great compliment from someone who is in the employ of a rival winery.  I am pleased to be able to serve such a high quality wine to my family and friends........and it makes a great special gift for any occasion.  Can't wait for the new releases to be bottled.
What a beautiful wine, goes well with any food!  Will definitely be adding this wine to my top 3.  Wine was delivered quickly too!
I have been fortunate enough to have this wine on two occasions and found it to be excellent. It works well for all ocasions and does a great job of representing California wines.
I had this wine at a Mario Batali restaurant in Las Vegas. It is the best Moscato I have ever had. I cannot find it locally. I hope this becomes available on Amazon very soon!
This is an excellent wine that goes down smooth and leaves a taste on your tongue that calls for more.. It is a must for the ladies,, you will get lucky!!!!
I live in San Francisco and have the luxury to try many wines through many of the tastings events that come through town.  Through all the tastings, trips to wine country etc. I have to say Albertina 2005 Reserve Cab is one of my top 3 favorite cabs of all time. That is saying a lot since my wife and I probably drink anywhere from 3 to 5 bottles a week.  Fred, the owner, is a great person to boot.  This is a very complex wine and not like most CA cabs that are one note and fall apart.  If you enjoy complex, full body, nice acidity, robust dark fruit, leather, huge long mouthfeel cabs....then this is your wine.  It drinks like a $100 bottle in my opinion.
I have tried several different vintages of Albertina wines and I have been impressed with each and every bottle. I am not what one would call a fan of wine but this wine made me want to love it!! I joined their wine club after trying the wine for the first time and am VERY sad that I now live in a state where I cannot continue to receive the shipments. I've given this wine as a gift with rave reviews. I've taken it to parties with rave reviews. DEFINITELY worth the money.
This vintage was the start of great Cabernet line which was a move away from all Cabernet grapes to traditional mixtures of other grapes. It is a distinctive wine that is made special by the mountain soil that the grapes are grown in.
WOW! A great example of Fred's Cabernet wine. Very well developed and easy to drink. Enjoyed it with a hearty steak but it is tame enough to have with just about any meat. Great nose and smooth!
Impressive, full-bodied...and I am very picky about my Cab. It is now our house wine and all of our friends love it. The 2009 cab Franc is also fantastic. Enjoy!!!!
I like this wine.  I bought three bottles just to try and I was a happy costumer.  The price is ok and the convenience of getting it at your door makes it a winner.
Love the 2007 Cabernet. I have all vintages from 2004 in my cellar, and each year they just keep getting better. First found this winery on a trip to Mendocino. Visited the winery, and it was a little bit of effort. Way up a windy road. But was it worth it! The winemaker led us out in to the vineyard for our tasting. Gorgeous location does not begin to tell the tale. Memorable day, and terrific wines. Fred is a most gracious host. Highly recommended...
I'm down to the last bottle of the 2007 vintage in my wine collection. Might have to save it for a 'special' occasion or, maybe not. This cab is not as heavy as some cabs can be, there's no 'hot alcohol' finish, and the tannins are as smooth as a whisper. Pair it with red meats if you want, but I find it to be simply one fine wine that stands on it's own. Let's see, I think tomorrow night might be that 'special' occasion.
It was incredibly delicious and Amazon's service was amazing. My wine came with information on the vineyard as well instructions on how to get the most of the bottle. I haven't really ordered wine over the internet before but I am a new fan of Amazon's service, and I am definitely ordering this bottle again!
I have drank cases of Cabernet from this Boutique Winery starting with its first release in 2003.This vintage was made from 100% Cabernet grapes. I loved it and it is still one of my favorites. From the 2003 I moved on to the 2007 vintage and it is  along the lines of traditional Cab formulations, but the vineyard soils are perfect for Cabernet grapes. You will find its taste unique in the Cab world.
We served this wine at one of my daughters wedding parties.  Fantastic wine!  Very complex with pleasing aromas and very smooth. It was one of the favorites at the party and the first to disappear. You will be happy and proud to serve this to anyone.  It will compete with the best.
I am new to this winemaker but recently tasted this at a friend's dinner party. All I can say is buy it before it is gone!!!!
Recently went on a wine tasting.  This particular Cab Franc was outstanding.  This is an impressive dinner party wine that could be used with multiple pairings.  On the menu tonight will be grilled lamb chops with a papaya, avocado salsa, grilled veggie kebobs and this Franc!
When you're wandering the aisles of the wine shop, you rarely find a Franc 'standing' by itself. Why? Because most often the Cab Franc grape is used for blending with the more 'mainstream' reds such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and so on. Just forget about what you think you might know about wines, this Cab Franc from Albertina Wine Cellars really rocks! I love it.
Received this as a gift over Christmas and I had not ever heard of it before. A friend from Argentina sent to me as a gift - as an alternative for some wine they could not find from Argentina. Someone in Argentina recommended to them, they sent to me and it is a lovely wine. We like it so much that we have ordered it a gain and may need to see about a subscription :).Sellers are great, all recyclable packaging, etc. Don't hesitate to give it try.
I discovered Cabernet Franc recently as a wine worthy of its own merrits. Usually it is blended into other red wines particularly Cabernet Sauvignon. Lately, I have come to appreciate this varietal by itself when done well. This vintage is done well and the true flavor and complexity of a nice Cab Franc comes forth with this vintage. IF you like a strong red fruit flavor with a depth not always found in Cabernet Sauvignon this is worth trying. I am sure you will not be disappointed. Venture out of the Cabernet Sauvignon rut and try a Cab Franc particularly from Albertina.
We have been drinking Albertina wine since the 2002 vintage. With every annual release I think "this is my favorite" wine.  Well for the 2009 Cab - it truly is currently my favorite wine. It is a bold, fruit forward delicious wine.  Give it a chance,  you will not be disappointed.
Very good wine. Really smooth finish, phenomenal, almost savory taste. Will buy again, but in larger quantities.- T+D
This particular company and wine is a class act.  My interest was mainly in the name &#34;Albertina&#34; as I believe it is a Dutch name.Packaging was protective but equally easy to open.&#34;Wine is mild  and delicious.
I'm a newbie when it comes to wines, but I think I made a good choice for my very first wine purchase! It pairs very well with a meal (steaks, burgers, and grilled chicken) and on its own. I also appreciate the fact that it's gluten-free since I have a wheat allergy. (I didn't get sick -- yay!)
I discovered Albertina Wine Cellars at the Home winemakers Exhibit in San Francisco years ago. His booth had a little sign that said Fruit Forward. MY curiosity got the best of me and I have been a fan every sense. This 2009 is once again a great choice and they have kept true to their roots of a wonderful wine that can be laid down for many years.
Gold Medalist and Best of Class.  This wine has so much to offer. I had this at a party recently.  After swirling it in my glass, the complexity of the aromas was really quite a treat. After a sip I was sold. Needless to say, it is a Gold medalist in my book. Anyone looking for a good cab should try this one.
On a recent trip to the wine country, we did the wine tasting tour, of course.  Never a fan of Merlot, I was certainly not expecting to be transformed into a devotee!  This particular Merlot won a gold metal award and understandably so.  Try any of the Albertina Wine Cellars wines.  Great boutique cellar and surprisingly priced for quality products.
I must start by saying that I am not a huge fan of merlot.  That being said, the 2009 Albertina Merlot is absolutely exquisite.  We opened a bottle with elk meat and it paired perfectly. It is a slightly tart, fruit-forward wine with a smooth finish and not too heavy.  It is a pleasure to drink as a stand alone wine or with food. I look forward to my next bottle of Albertina Merlot.
I like red wines I can drink before dinner, during dinner and after dinner and this one works for me. So smooth and mellow this fine Merlot. And such a steal . . I mean deal for only $24.00. We've been up to the Zmarzly Estate, walked their property, checked out their vines, and had a great lunch on the deck. I won't lie, the drive is a bit far, but the end does justify the means. Now I'm happy I can buy my fix right here at Amazon ;-)
Not sure I should be saying how much I like this wine, because I don't want the supply to dry up on me :).Got a handwritten note with the delivery which was a nice touch.The wine holds up well for a couple of days when properly corked.
Purple garnet color, black fruit with red cherry. Full body. Some unusual multiple dimension to the fruit, unexpected complexity. Nice acid level and fine tannins to balance. For a CA merlot, this is excellent and a great QPR.
This is one of Fred's great wines, even if it is a Merlot. Well developed and a pleasure to have with a rib eye (it has that much strength). A recommended buy for immediate enjoyment but has the body that will hold for years.
Clean crisp taste and flavor.  A really good buy on Amazon.  Its more expensive else where.  This series of wine is just right for those who &#34;really&#34; dont drink wine...and like it tad sweet. It has just the right amount of sweetness, citrus to mellow any mood.  I love it and will order more.
We like our wines sweet, and have tried lots & lots of dessert wines. Our local store carries four from Quady: Essensia, Elysium, Electra & Red Electra. We like all 4! But Essensia is our favorite, not just from Quady but out of all dessert wines we've tried, Essensia is our top wine. Well, there is an ice wine we like better but its 4 times the price, making it too pricey for us to buy more than once. Essensia on the other hand is cheap enough that we always have a bottle in the fridge. The description claims "lightly fortified"... HA! 15% alcohol is one of the strongest wines on the market.If Essensia is still too pricey, try Hermes Muscat of Patras from Greece. Its very similar to Essensia but half the price.
This sweet wine has a very mellow and full body taste for a muscat.  What I love most is it does not taste like Kool ade and allows me to drink something I really do love.
This wine is perfect for a summer bridal shower, turn it into a slushy and it is EPIC! I would highly recommend, especially for anyone who doesn't usually like wine.
This arrived to me in the mail, neat and tidy, in exactly one week. After opening the package,I spent the first 10 minutes admiring the whimsical presentation of the Quady Electra-Orange Muscat bottle. It's sweet, playful and elegant,much like the wine itself. The first sip awarded me with a surprisingly light dance of delicate bubbles across my tongue. It is sweet in the decadent way we all love but light enough on the alcohol for you to enjoy a glass or three. It's the perfect treat. I look forward to purchasing more products from Quady. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys the sweeter side of life's indulgences. :)
This wine was on par with an Orange Muscat we had enjoyed from another vinter. We will order this again. Importantly, it was well packaged and arrived in a timely manner.
If you put this Moscato in a ziploc bag for half an hour, it turns into a wonderful slushy! MUST TRY!!!Was lucky enough to go to their vineyards in Fresno, Ca and fall in love with this drink!
This wine is so tasty! Its wonderfully sweet and delicious, I really enjoy it. Low alcoholic content too. Very good.
I love sweet drinks so yeah I'm a chick drink type of person.  But I love dessert wines and this is one of the tastiest I've ever tried.  I based my purchase on other shopper reviews here on Amazon and as usual I was not led astray.  Very smooth and sweet, really it's all you need for dessert!  Delicious!  I will buy again!
An extraordinary Moscato of profound and complex character. It is sweet but not too sweet. It has made a wine drinker of my wife. It was so good that I ordered Quady's Red Electra.
I am not a drinker, but I love this wine. This is perfect for those like me who don't enjoy the taste of alcohol. I tried another Moscato a few weeks back and it took me two hours to finish a small half glass. Usually wine, no matter how fruity or delicious is smells, tastes like cold medicine to me. Not so with this one. That's why I call it dangerously good. It's easy to drink and so delicious that I have no trouble finishing a glass. I also appreciated that there was a handwritten note thanking me for my order on the invoice.
I've been attempting to try all the brands of Moscato wine I can find. This Quady Electra Moscato quickly became one of my three favorite brands (so far). It's a really refreshing wine and tastes like an excellent wine for the Summer months! I will definitely keep a bottle of this in my wine rack at all times!
lovely wine
This series of wine is just right for those who &#34;really&#34; dont drink wine...and like it tad sweet. It has just the right amount of sweetness, citrus to mellow any mood.  I love it and will order more.
Quady Electra Orange Muscato is the quintessential dessert wine.  light, refreshing, fruity, YUMMY!! my wine collection includes several bottles of this gem and I always take a bottle or 2 to events I attend. YUM YUM YUM
I'm not a huge wine drinker but this one is a must try! It is absolutely delicious! Very, very good! I just hate that it doesn't ship to OH where I'm from.  I found it on clearance at world market & bought all 6 bottles! In fact I'm saving my last bottle for a special occasion! You must try!!!!
It still has most of the flavor of the juice, this is (I believe) because of cold fermentation. The extra citrus flavor and the slight carbonation make this a very enjoyable wine to sip. I haven't had anything quite like it.If you are in to dessert wines at all, this will be a hit.
The Quady Electra Moscato is so good. It's very sweet, so its perfect as a dessert wine or a sweet treat. Just get it. Its delicious.
I don't like the bitter wine. And when I purchase a sweet wine its not sweet enough to me. But this wine is perfect if you like sweet youwill love this wine.
I've reordered the 3 pack of Extra Dry. I've mostly used it as a perfect mixer for premium gin (vodka in my wife's case) and it's a big step up from Noilly Prat. I've also added it to a few pan sauces when there's no other wine open. Excellent flavor there too.  Not off putting. I keep the open bottle in the fridge. But, I buy the 375s.
It has a reputation as a fine vermouth and the martini party I had featuring it in my cocktails bore this out!
I used to use mostly Noilly Prat dry.  It's hard to believe what a difference Vya makes in a martini.  I've gone from 10-1 down to 5/6 to 1, as this vermouth brings so much the drink.  I buy the 375s and keep it in the fridge.  Wish they had a 187 6 pack so it would always be at it's freshest.
Russian vodka and Vya 5/1 is  my favourite drink. I tried several other dry vermouth before knowing about Vya thru a google searck.
I've tried quite a few vermouths in my martinis over the years, starting with M&R of course, and finally settling down on Dolin, a vermouth I thought would be impossible to best. Then one day at my local shop, I found a tiny bottle of vermouth that I had never seen before - Quady's Vya. It bested the Dolin. Very smooth, very complex flavor profile, goes great with just about any gin I throw at it. Incredibly happy that this is now available to me through Amazon, and in full-sized bottles, no less! Highly recommended.
I had a martini that tasted so delicious that I asked the bartender what was the vermouth he used and he showed me the bottle of this product.  Had to have it!  It seriously changed the martini experience for me, forever.
I bought Vya Sweet Vermouth after I interrogated the waitress at a restaurant serving one of the more delicious Manhattan's I'd had in a long time. The Vya vermouth was new to me and I thought it might be the source of that sweet and spicy something that made my drink taste so good. I bought a few bottles to try and sure enough, this was the key ingredient to turn my Manhattans in to something a little different and very delicious. It is the only vermouth I've tried that I would happily drink on it's own. It has so many more other subtle flavors compared to your standard vermouth, but nothing overpowering. It keeps my mouth interested and makes it very happy.
Beautiful scenery of their vineyards from their tasting room. They have great wine. I enjoy their Malbec. They also have photo-contests and the winners get there photo published on one of there wine labels! If your local to San Miguel check out their Google Virtual Tour before you go. :) http://goo.gl/OWctiU
Another one of our favorites from Eden Canyon. Incredible medium-bodied blend with bright flavors. If we could give it ten stars we would!
Let's get serious for a moment...nah, wine's too much fun - especially when drinking yummy stuff like 2007 Freedom From the Press. There's simply nothing else like this coming from Paso Robles. The style, elegance, approachability (yet, age-worthiness), and long/lingering finish all speak to the high quality juice being produced by this wonderful little winery. Bravo - keep doing what you're doing Eden Canyon! Good people making great wine. And for those of you who have read about this wine, but have not yet tasted it - what are you waiting for? Silly to put off simple pleasures, yes? Cheers! Steven Poe, MS
Eden Canyon Vineyeards produces incredible wine with each harvest! I've personally been a wine club member for the past 3 years and am delighted now to see them available on Amazon!Their cabs are terrific, the Estate and Freedom From the Press are two of my favorites to be enjoyed with family and friends, or a quiet evening by the fireplace. Each and every bottle is delicious and I enjoy every one of them!
This is a terrific vintage.  My wife and I have enjoyed a case of this wine and are getting more.  This vineyards estate bottling is the best of their production, and we have been able to sample a wide variety of their wines (they are all excellent).
I recently had this wine at a wine tasting event. Both the wine and the winemaker truly stood out above the rest. It's the perfect blend of blueberry, chocolate, coffee and happiness!
This is a FANTASTIC wine.  I have enjoyed this wine on numerous occasions and frankly each time is better than the last.  Simply fantastic.
If a wine could ever be described as simply GORGEOUS, Eden Canyon Vineyard's '08 Jolie would fit the description to a tee.  Wonderfully paired with grilled lamb chops marinated in Smith & Wollensky's steak sauce.
Jolie is an amazingly delicious, smooth and flavorful wine.  I give cases of it to my parents and sister for Christmas, and I always hope they will have some left when I go to dinner at their houses.
SOOOOO GOOODDDDD!!!! i want more!Great wine to mix with the assorted gift basket of cheese i ordered... great aroma and taste..
Perhaps the best Bordeaux style wine we've had. Beautiful and very smooth. Eden Canyon is our new favorite California winery.
Eden Canyons Jolie is a superbly smooth, drinkable wine that also has the strength of character of its underlying Bordeaux nature.  I have had many cases of this and served it at large functions and my guests have always enjoyed it.  We drink it with all kinds of foods, even foods where we might have otherwise considered a lighter red, and found it to be a good match.  We have enjoyed many Eden Canyon wines and have liked them all.
Received this bottle for Christmas and paired it with a strongly-flavoured white Stilton. Nose had cherry and red fruit to it; balanced, rich mouthfeel; tasty lingering finish and not too dry; medium acidity and faint notes of oak. Buttery aftertaste. A great value and an excellent example of a California Cab; highly recommended.
When one thinks of California wine, immediately 'Napa' comes to mind. This is unfortunate, as casual wine lovers (wine snobs are already well familiar with Paso wines) are overlooking a rare treat that ranks alongside and even can surpass (particularly if you favor red wines) the long-vaunted Napa Valley: wines from the Paso Robles region.Emblematic of the quality of this area, Eden Canyon Vineyards routinely crafts some of the finest reds (The Jolie is an unexpected treat, and the 2005 Cab is one you'll want to save for special occasions only! However, I'm putting this review under the 2008 Cab as it is the one I've purchased most recently) in this already extraordinary wine location. The first sip strikes you as a gentle, mild wine, but in reality it is only gathering steam for your second sip, where the complexities of the wine begin to identify themselves. Sure, the usual adjectives apply: chocolate, cherry, spice, oak... yet all combine to make a cab that is utterly unique. Not sure how they do it, but like the 2005, it's a Cab's cab- everything you'd expect and more.Had the privilege of meeting owner/winemaker Elaine, who took the time to explain the complexities of the wine, but who also- like her wine- has a personality larger than life as well. Her obvious passion in what she does can be told in every sip. There are a few wines in the Paso region that should not be missed: Eden Canyon tops that list- especially at the price point it's offered at. If you know your wines, you won't believe you paid what you did for what you're drinking.Incredible wine, great customer service (wine is delivered refrigerated during the summer- at an affordable price! What winemaker would pay for that???)... repeat customer for life here. If you know a wine drinker and are looking for a great gift, you found it.
This is an elegant but earthy juice. Tropical fruit, peach, star fruit, and almond character. The hallmarks of all great Moscatos. This one pulls back from the syrupy sweetness of mass-produced Astis. The effect is both feather-light and wildly flavorful and it shows tiny, persistent bubbles that just won't quit!I have never been a fan of Moscatos... however this one has changed my mind.5 Stars!
This is one of my favorite Moscatos ever!! I suggest you try it if you haven't yet.  They have it at my costco right now for $11.99.
This is a very nice sparkling moscato. I was buying this one almost exclusively until I found the cupcake brand. I'm a bit of a Moscato snob so I'm always on the lookout for a nice brand.I would definitely recommend this as a very tasty selection.
This is a great wine for anyone who hates wine!  Very smooth with a floral fruit scent and taste.  Incredible. No bite like the red wines.  I'd love to try the other four Risatas.
A very good choice to pair with spicy, or richer dishes, such as a bolognese, perhaps even buffalo wings. Starts off fruity but finishes very dry. A surprisingly good wine, given its low price. Not one for the beginner.
Got this wine as a gift and fell in love with it . It's fruity, smooth and crisp. Perfect with orderves or seafood.And lovely on a hot summer night! Can't recommend it enough!
Glad to see Mercer Estates on Amazon -- I just had the pleasure of enjoying this wine the other weekend -- what an treat!  A high-end wine that rivals what we have in the Napa Valley, but I say, better.  And the value -- this price is amazing for this quality wine.  Try this -- you won't be disappointed.
Smooth and lush dark berries and fruit without being jammy. Initial chewey fruit with nice tannins washing away the fruit only to have the dark fruit resurface for a long nice finish. Everything I like about a nice Cab but without over-the-top tannins. Perfect wine for a NY steak or to simply sip with a mellow cigar. Similar to a 2010 Hunt Cellars Petite Syrah which scored higher because of slightly more complexity.  I bought this at my local Costco for $10.99 for a test-taste.  Will go back to purchase several more bottles!
I had Zig Zag Zin in a restaurant and was amazed at the taste. I am only a "wine with dinner occasionally" drinker and not an expert but have tried red wine for the "health benefits". I usually drink white zinfandel and red zinfandel when the restaurant has a good option. I tried Zig Zag Zin and will now purchase it by the bottle for myself and as a gift. It's good.
We love this wine. It was a perfect complement to our dinner and was great with our chocolate decadence dessert!
Got this a gift for my Mother.  The label was just enough tongue-in-cheek to appeal to the baby boomer / &#8220;once upon a time&#8221; hippie in her.  I have had the wine and loved the versatility.  Not the super syrupy alcohol bomb so many Zins are right now.  Lighter with some spice which makes it easy to pair.
I tried this wine once and loved it and now its available on Amazon which is a great convience for me!  I will be sharing this with friends and family for the holidays
I ordered this mostly because the label had made my curious.  After opening and tasting I was amazed at the full bodied flavors and bright acidity.  I will be ordering more for sure and again they must have a great shipping dept as it arrived promptly and in perfect condition.
This was a truly remarkable find. Was a gift that I was hoping to share in experiencing...it was so good I only got to share in one bottle...would like to find this again and place an order for me!!!
BEST GIFT EVER SO MY UNCLE SAYS, AND HE'S THE TYPE THAT ONLY ENJOYS A GLASS OF WINE NOW AND THEN.........
You know that whenever you purchase something that you can ingest that has a Pink Floyd Darkside logo on it, you're going to be in for a very wild acid-laden OMG WHERE ARE MY HANDS GO HTEy WheRE JusdshERE ANYMITEUAGO
This is a good wine for the price and certainly very drinkable. I bought it for the novelty (after reading mostly good reviews) and was not disappointed in either. I would buy this wine again.I am not a connoisseur, but am not a novice, either.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas last year. He's been an avid Pink Floyd fan for years, and absolutely loved the gift.  He said the wine was excellent.
I surprised my daughter for Christmas by sending her this wine. She is a fan of Red Wine and long time fan of Pink Floyd, she was thrilled! The wine was delicious!! Cant wait to get some for me!
The Dark Side of the Moon Cab Sauv is a delicious wine and definitely worthy of the &#34;Dark Side of the Moon&#34; label.  And it makes a fine bottle to add to ones collection.
It's fairly sweet for a cabernet and not quite what I expected. Tannin is very slight. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
Received this Cabernet as a gift. We opened one night with friends along with a couple of other  (much higher priced) California Cabs.The Dark Side not only held its own but was actually preferred by my wine snob friends. I then looked on line and was pleasantly surprised at the reasonable price.
I've just ordered yet another case of this wine. I am, and always have been (yes always, even before the formed) a Pink Floyd fan. I am also, and always have been, a cabernet fan. So when two of my favorite things combine is their force doubled? Or quadrupled? I put on a version of Atom Heart Mother from 1970 and blasted it, and poured myself a glass of the Wines That Rock Pink Floyd 2009 Cabernet. Yessssss....For a sub-$20 California cabernet this is actually pretty darned good wine. And the fact that it's labeled with DSOTM makes it a neat conversation piece with fellow Floydians when you're sitting down to watch Dark Side of the Rainbow (which we did, and served this wine with a dozen hard-core fanatics - went over quite well thankyouverymuch).So slap your favorite pre-WYWH Floyd album on the turntable (yes, you can put on DSOTM if you must), turn it up to 11, pour yourself a glass of this wine, and toast Roger, David, Nick, and Rick (RIP).
This was a gift for someone and I happened to taste it as well.... it was mersmerising.... loved it soo much n i will surely recommend this to my frens as well...
My son and his fianc&eacute;  got this for me and my wife. We loved the Pink Floyd cover, then we wine made us say WOW. Very enjoyable. Thanks son. We will open the other bottle on his wedding day.
If you're looking for a good quality red blend wine, try this. Give "Steal Your Face" wine to a Gradeful Dead fan, and you'll have a friend for life.
My family enjoyed this rich, velvety red wine blend.Wines that Rock's latest is a perfect pairing--a classic wine for a classic album.
I had bought this wine because I work at a rock and roll themed resturant and I heard plenty of customers rave about it. Unfortunatly, though my work will not allow me to directly buy bottles from them, so I figured I would order one. This wine is soooo good, its so smooth and vanilla-caramelish with a distinct berry taste, I plan to buy many more bottles and would highly recommend it to any red wine lover out there.
Bought the wine for a deadhead friend and really did not expect it top be anything special.  Opened it up last night and we were both pleasantly surprised with the liquid inside.  A bit earthy to start with  and not too heavy with the tannins on the end.  Very much recommend this wine.
I bought the three pack for a Christmas present. My wife loves these wine bottles. Sorry I can't say what they taste like because she will not open them. My order was on time and bottles were in excellent condition upon arrival. Thank you
My brother-in-law is a giant dead fan so i bought him a bottle for his birthday.  I brought it to the party and of course he was blown away - but then we opened it and the wine was great!  Even the non dead-heads loved it.  Everyone asked me where I got it.I am going to try the Stones next.
I bought this as a gift for a very good friend of mine. She is a total Deadhead, from the license plate to the rear window decals! Its a great gift! I was very pleased with the speedy delivery too! I will definitely buy from here again. A well deserved 5 stars!
bought a 3 pack to sample before buying more to use as gifts for all my deadhead brethren. wine is delightfully smooth, goes down all to easy. will definitely be saving a few bottles for myself and buying a few more
I bought this Wine to bring to a friend's house for her birthday.  It was the hit of the party.  Not only was the bottle itself a big hit, but the wine was delicious.  Every Dead fan wanted to know where I bought it so that they could buy it. The good news was....they also loved the wine. KUDOS to WINES THAT ROCK for creating this fun and delicious gift!
Got one of these for my dad; a huge Grateful Dead fan, and he loved it.  Just ordered him a second bottle of it.
I bought this to have at a party because I thought it was very cool. I loved it so much it's become my go to wine with dinner. Just a great wine!!!
Gave this wine as a gift to a dear friend that is a wine lover. He absolutely loved it. Says he served it at a party and it was a big hit.
Great quality wine, great tasting , great gift. When you bring Forty Licks to the party, people remember the wine and who brought it.
When I first heard about Wines that Rock, I thought, what a clever idea so I decided to serve it at a dinner party I was having.It was the hit of the party and got rave reviews from even my most sophisticated wine drinking friends.
Great gift for the person that has everything or you just don't know what they like.  Great for us old timers, the labels bring back memories
I bought this for my dad who is a rolling stone "freak" he has seen them in concert over 20 times and has alot of Rolling Stones memorabilia.I thought he would like the bottle for his collection but come to find out he decided to open the wine with me and let me share a glass with him and it was fantastic.Great gift for holiday gifting for any Stones fan!
A sommelier at a wine shop suggested the bottle for me.  I brought it to a dinner party.  It was the hit of the party and great tasting, too.  Terrific wine!
Fun and delicious red wine with album music info on label.Your visitors will be surprised by such an unusual R&R; item.
The Rolling Stones Forty Licks Merlot gets a lot of attention when you bring it to a dinner party. Not only does everyone love the look of the bottle, but the Merlot is great tasting!  This combination has proven to be a real win-win situation. I enjoy seeing the reaction of every host or hostess when I arrive with a bottle of WINES THAT ROCK!!!!! Try it....you won't be disappointed!
Check this out!  I'll be honest, I bought this wine because I thought the label was amusing and interesting.  While in general you shouldn't judge a book (or a bottle) by its cover...I confess, this wine itself is great.  In my experience, wine with catchy labels is usually sub par.  But this Chardonnay was as pleasing as the label was entertaining.  I have since purchased four more bottles--one to drink this weekend, and three to give as Christmas gifts.  Cheers!
great taste, When I &#34;m listening this kind of music is perfect !! people love it, the same group with the same wine !!
Ordered it for thanksgiving. Went really well with dinner. Very smooth. A great choice for a decent price. You won't be disappointed.
Still not a wine snob nor an expert on wine.  BUT, we enjoyed this wine a lot.  It went well with all kinds of food (although I know you are supposed to drink it with a red meat meal).My husband liked it a lot too and he's a lot more picky than I am.  It is a good value at a reasonable price.
The package was six great bottles.  Now, I wished that I would have bought twelve bottles of this excellent wine.
Inexpensive. Served with dinner. The price does not reflect how nice this wine is. Will visit Parducci in the future.
I've been familiar with Parducci wines, so I ordered a case online. This particular blend is very nice and smooth, opens up in 20 min after opening the bottle. Highly recommend to medium to full body wine lovers!
A wonderful wine for our holiday get togethers. Well rounded and everyone loved it. It was smooth and easy to drink.
Very nice and smooth and a very good value! I highly recommend this wine and plan to buy another bottle.
For the price, this is a nice Merlot. Soft and fruity, without bitterness as the finish. This is one of my favorites.
This wine was delicious.  I would recommend it and its a perfect gift.  It arrived faster than I expected too!
I cannot believe how good this wine tasted with our salmon dinner.  It made the dinner.  Flavors were clean and crisp and again it goes to show me I have never had a bad wine from Parducci.I will be ordering this for myself and my friends over the holiday seasons.
A great QPR on this pear and mineral focused Chardonnay from Mendocino.  Finally a Chardonnay with some acidity and brightness rather than just a ton of oak and sugar.
Clean and crisp and goes with almost any meal.  I would highly recommend this wine to any Chardonnay drinker.  They will find this is definately one of the best! And priced resonably as well.
Delicious and crisp. Good wine good value. Got for hubby to commemorate trip to Mendocino....good memories...can't wait for a taste again.
I enjoyed this wine over the holidays with family and friends.  It was clean and crisp and excellent choice for our holiday dinner.  I guarantee I will be buying this great wine over and over and also buying it for gifts for my friends.I cannot belive how prompt it arrived and the perfect condition in which it arrived.
Got this for my mom last week as an early birthday.  she loved it, said she already opened and enjoyed.  easy slam dunk gifting.
My wife and I had this Syrillo with a brisket last night. Fantastic. Very smooth velvet texture, an interesting mix of Syrah and Tempranillo. Very well done!
I purchased 3 bottles of this wine a few months ago and finally took them to a dinner party last week. All of my friends are wine snobs so I was nervous - I had never tasted this winery's wine before - but the wine did not disappoint! All 10 people at dinner really enjoyed it and drank these bottles up before anything else that evening! It has the perfect balance of fruit, spice and smoke. Nothing was overwhelming or out of place. Just perfect. I wish I would have ordered more!
An unlimited expense account and worldwide business travel have tune up my taste in wine over the last 20 years. I fell in love with the Reininger 2009 Syrah so when I saw this blend from Reininger I had to try it. I was stunned. I knew it would be good but had no idea that it was such a good wine and a relative bargain when compared to other wines in this class.After a fair number of bottles under my belt the only two things I would suggest are that you be sure to decant this beauty at least an hour before serving and get it while you can as a friend called me last week (Feb 2014) to tell me that he hears they are down to the last ten cases before this wonderful wine is nothing more than a delightful memory.
I've never tried Napa Valley wine before and I don't know why I waited so long but I will be buying more of this.
I first tried this wine several years ago ~ it instantly became a favorite! Smooth, subtle flavor for those of us who are amateur wine-drinkers!
It was a little surprising to me at first to see that Gloria Ferrer makes a small selection of still wines in addition to their better-known sparkling.  I have never encountered a Gloria sparkling I haven't liked so their still wine was worth a try.  I am happy to say that this lives up to my expectations that were set high by the sparkling wines here.  Well worth a try.
Had this wine with friends, we loved it and it was so delicious! Its creamy and just a tiny bit sweet which was perfect! Would so recommend this to anyone, especially for nummy appetizers!
This wine will not let you down, no matter what you looking for in a wine. Don't ask questions, get a bottle you won't be sorry.
I love Blanc de Noirs! It is my favorite brunch bubbly - of course I love to have it anytime. Perfect with BBQ or just by itself.
For the price, no sparkling wine can beat Gloria Ferrer Blanc de Noirs.  Delicious, pairs with just about anything (chocolate, steak, shrimp scampi) and is also a lovely pale shade of pink.
I am no fancy wine connoisseur, but I I know what I like.  That might be a nice $7 bottle from Trader Joe's or it might be splurging on a bottle of Gloria's Blanc de Noirs.  This is a great wine with lovely flavor - definitely something worth savoring.  The silly side of me just loves that it is a pink wine - anything that is unexpected or different!
This is my favorite sparkling wine! I am not an expert but I know what I like and this makes me happy! It is good by its self or with food.
Is it Mimosa time? Sonoma Brut is not just for Mimosas but it's a anytime sparkling kind of wine, Cheers!
I don't understand.One can find this terrific wine sold for about $14 a bottle by any number of wine merchants; so, why would I consider paying over $20 per bottle from Amazon? ($132 + $9.99 shipping for a box of 6 at this writing)We consider this wine California's best value in the sparkling category; and, like others here, rely on it as our everyday sparkling. Would love to source it from Amazon; but, at this price, it just doesn't make sense.(As you might have gathered, my 5-star rating is directed solely at the wine's quality and value proposition.)
I had this wine at a huge tasting in San Francisco 3 months ago and am still thinking about it. This white is perfectly balanced! It's just fruity enough with citrus and melon; just crisp enough; just lightly sweet (not sure if it's a sweet flavor or residual sugar but either way there is just enough of it) and altogether very balanced and refreshing. Now that it's summer, I want it again! Plus, the staff was extremely friendly and engaging at the tasting - I still remember them. Definitely support this fantastic little winery.
This is my new favorite wine since visiting Sonoma/Napa this fall. This Petite Syrah is perfect with a steak or french chicken dish. Smooth and &#34;inky&#34; is the only way I can describe it. INCREDIBLE!!!
I'm always on the lookout for a good chardonnay.  Big, buttery chardonnays to be exact.  I know some of you like the crisper variety, but not me and this wine was delicious.  My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed.  It was reasonably priced, shipped promptly and packed professionally.  I highly recommend it and am going to buy some more.
The Paint Horse Cabernet is one of my favorites and I was tickled to find it available on Amazon!  The balance between the berries and the plum is truly delightful, a classic without being too heavy. This is a small family owned winery located in the heart of the Sonoma Valley that produce their wonderful wines from the heart and the winemaker focuses on classic balance.  The wine itself combined with the beauty of the label would make this an outstanding gift.
I bought this as a gift for my daughter and needed a wine that could ship into CO.  I read the reviews and got a good feeling about this Cabernet, and ordered it.  My daughter loved it.  She says she will definitely get it again.  She has since shared it with friends who are true wine lovers and they thought it was exceptional.  I will be buying this again.
We love to share this wine with good friends and a great steak.  Its savory notes of berry and plum are well balanced.  We are pleased Amazon is now offering it.  I'd write a longer review, but I've got to order some more before it's gone :)
We generally prefer reds other than Cabs, ones that pair better with food.This one is a welcome exception, clearly reflecting the care taken to produce it.
We received a couple bottles of this as a gift and were very pleasantly surprised.  It is a great tasting, full bodied wine that goes with about anything you would normally drink red wine with. We can't wait to open our next bottle!
We served Painthorse wines at our son's wedding and it was the perfect complement to the organic food and summer weather...it has become the favorite wine of many of our guests!
I bought this as a gift for my daughter who likes merlots.  Having gotten burned before, this time I read the reviews closely on many different labels.  This was a brand I had never tried, but the reviews were glowing and they shipped into Colorado, so I ordered it and kept my fingers crossed.  She tells me it is wonderful.  She has shared it with friends who also found it quite good.  I have not tasted it, so I cannot tell you what makes it so great, but she tells me she will definitely be buying more.
Ripe and beautifully balanced, this wine offers great concentration and depth. Bursting with ripe berry and hints of Santa Rosa plum, it is a classic Cabernet Sauvignon.
I had this wine at my cousin's wedding last year and it was excellent! Great buy! I also love the logo on the front :)
Great! I thought we could only get this great wine when we visit Sonoma. Planning my holiday menu around this Chard now!
Great wine. Goes with everything.I would consider giving for Holiday gifts. I wish I had purchased more than one bottle.
Purchased this having never tried it and we enjoyed it.  We had it for Thanksgiving dinner and it complimented the meal well.  I would recommend based on the quality for the price point.
Great full body Syrah, great value, yes, i would recommend it to a friend!I love the wines from this region.
Always high praise for the wine of this region! Delicious! A must...Thank you Amador County, you deserve the accolades..Buy now!
This is a favorite one in our house, but very hard to find, this wine is very well balanced with a great aroma and deep burgundy color, we serve it with most everything, if it is available, i suggest you try it.
I love the C.G. Di Arie wines.  Some of the best wines I have ever had.  The Barbera is one of my favorites.  The interlude is also another favorite.
Bought this vintage for a special dinner, and was amazed.  Incredibly fruitful and complex Bordeaux style blend with great spicy and berry notes and a subtle, yet velvety smokey finish.  Will definately buy again !!  Absolutely awesome  wine.
This is an amazing wine, I wanted something different to make a statement at a dinner party, this did it! Its a big, red Cabernet blend, I love Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon, so this blend had all the elements to be a great wine!go for it! you will love it!
Recently we took a bottle of this wine to a restaurant to celebrate our anniversary.  Needless to say, we had to share this gorgeous blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Syrah with some dinner guests. This is definitely a wine to purchase to celebrate special occassions with family and friends.
I haven't tasted the 2009 vintage, but the Santa Rosa Press Democrat newspaper (in the heart of the Napa-Sanoma wine country) just selected the 2008 as a wine of the week and recommended it. "C.G. Di Arie, 2008 Sierra Legend Syrah-blend, 14.1 percent, $35. A syrah blend with great bones. Complex, with notes of blackberry, cherry, chocolate, vanilla and coffee. Edgy."My wine-ish friends tell me you can't go wrong with the DiArie blends.
The 2009 Sierra Legend is a wonderful blend of Primativo, Syrah, Cab Franc, and Cab Sauv. Its is a smooth blend that can be paired with many dishes. It's just wonderful. Normally reds give me and instant headache but the C.G.Di Arie wines are so smooth and low on sulfates that they are easy to fall in love with.
My family and I were introduced to C.G. Di Arie wine and could not be happier we did. It is a must have in the  house for any special occasion or just when you need a wine night.
Primitivo is like a Zinfandel but a lot brighter in the fruit style. Does not have the pepper you expect from Zin, easy to drink with anything! Nice fruit sweetness, but not a sugar sweetness.
If you are a fan of Syrah, do not pass this up. Frankly, I'm surprised it's still available. This is a big, bold, elegant, beautifully balanced, absolutely delicious Syrah with a long spicy finish and an incredibly intoxicating aroma. I consider this wine a treasure to enjoy as many times as possible before it's totally sold out!
I have been drinking this wine for several years and 2011 was one of the best years.  This wine can go with almost anything, from cheese and crackers to seafood and even some desserts.  It is worth the price.
What a great Sauv Blanc, crisp and bright, great with cheese and crackers, if you have friends that are white wne drinkers this will please them.
I love Pinot Noir and this was absolutely wonderful!!  I will be sending my niece some who is also a Pinot Noir gal!
I was excited to see that Amazon was starting a wine shop.  Pinot is a favorite and this one had very good reviews.  I ordered six bottles for the value shipping and was not disappointed.  It was packaged very well to protect from breakage.  The wine itself was a good quality wine that all enjoyed.
I have had my friend order this wine for me before as she is a wine club member at this winery and it was really a nice touch to have with my turkey dinner.Now I can order directly from Amazon, which i just did and it arrived in a prompt fashion so it will be on the Thanksgiving Day table for all to enjoy!
My friends love it and it taste great for their Christmas gift.  Perfect for the intermediate wine drinker.  Came just in time for the holidays.
This Rose is incredible! Its the perfect wine for the summer months! I absolutely love sitting on my deck drinking this fantastic Rose. It's not sweet like you'd expect a Rose to be, but it is just wonderful. I would recomend this winery to anyone.
This is one of my favorite Roses -- California Barbera makes the most wonderful Rose! Dry but with delicious fruit.And if you think you don't like Rose - maybe memories of white Zinfandel ruin it for you -- give  yourself a break and try this one. It could make a believer out of you, as it did me.
Normally, I am not a fan of Merlot.  I typically go with a Cab but this wine made me change my mind.  This is the only Merlot I will buy going forward.  Love to get toasted with the toad!!!
I love this Tempranillo.  It pairs well with most foods, including the spicy foods that my wife tends to make.  It has a nice complex fruity flavor and aroma (plum and raspberry undertones).  And even some spicy flavor undertones without too much tannin.  Very drinkable and enjoyable.  If you haven't tried Tempranillo yet, try it tonight - you'll add a new favorite to your short list.  And you'll be supporting a small family-owned winery in Southern Oregon.  We've been to their vineyard just outside Medford, Oregon.  Check out that Applegate Valley appellation - at least 12 small, family-owned vineyards tucked back in a beautiful Southern Oregon valley - a very nice way to spend a weekend. [...]
After our trip to Healdsburg and wine country, we came back with 21 bottles of wine.  This one turned out to be our favorite.Do not miss out on this one!
Deep red color, big taste, okay price, but open this wine and let it stand at least 3-4 hours before drinking.
Five star wine. What else can I say?  I highly recommend this Cabernet. Great service and a great wine. I plan to buy more in the future if they still have some in stock.
I had received an "off the cuff" advertizement for this wine and ordered three bottles to give as a gift to an "aviation minded" good friend for Christmas.Well the package arrived and I opened to inspect the shipment and became mesmerized...Well after the third day, I determined to "try" one bottle ..."just to make sure it was satisfactory"...And the absolute worst thing happened...I fell in love with it! So gentle a texture and the after taste so splendid. Well by the time I got to the third bottle I knew I was in trouble and had to order more. If I have my way...no one else will discover this gem and I'll have it all for myself! I would say..."I'd recommend it to a friend"...But I'm afraid they'd buy it all up!. Worth every penny!
this wine was delicious and the zombie art was cool. I would definitely drink another bottle of this wine. yeah!
Got this wine for a hostess present for a Halloween party. It was a great hit. It started up a lot of conversation and the hostess immediately opened the bottle at the party.  The wine is a mellow fruity wine with just enough body to call it a red. Very drinkable for cocktails and would pair nicely with almost any party platter. I am a Walking Dead fan and will definitely buying it again for any of those parties. Its a great wine and conversation starter.
This caught my eye on name and label alone.  I was hoping for some better reviews on taste but have decided to stock up for Halloween.  I am so excited and so bummed at the same time because October is so far away!
No matter what the label looks like, This is a truly SMOOTH, FRUITY tasting 13.7% alcohol treat. It's DARK, and Great smelling.If the label wasn't so ugly, Id give it for Christmas guifts.