My wife and I have been drinking Senseo pods for years.  We have always used the medium roast.  On our last shipment we noticed the coffee tastes stale and old.  Very nasty.  The old pods have the sense logo on the pods themselves and these new pods do not so I don't know what that means but that seems to be the way to identify the bad tasting pods.  These are so bad we can't even drink them.  I'm going to try one more order and if that tastes the same we may actually quit sense and move to Keurig.  VERY disappointed in the new medium roast and I would not recommend as it tastes like coffee that is a week old.
OK, I admit I have a serious, anaphylactic milk allergy. But after reading the reviews here, I thought this product sounded so magically wonderful that I'd give it a try anyway.Big mistake!!!I'm out of the hospital now and back at my computer, so that part's good. And I did get a helicopter ride to a major medical center, even if I wasn't awake for it.Still, all things considered, this product was a lousy purchase. The FDA needs to put a stop to the money-grubbing corporate monsters who market this stuff. Save your money, and save your life!
This is by far the worst tasting canned drink (energy or just regular soft drink) of any sort that I have ever had. The taste can only be described as like cherry cough medicine with all of the medicinal taste pushed to the front. I took a big swig to start with and was shocked at how bad it was. I followed up with another tentative taste to confirm it really was so horrible and then I asked my wife to try it and see what the flavor was. She took a small taste, grimaced and said, &#34;Robitussin.&#34;On the positive side, I drank it on Easter morning so I would stay awake during the sunrise service and then drive for an hour to go to a family get-together and it did keep me awake.
This energy drink has a horrible taste, and an even badder aftertaste.It didn't  seem  to give me much energy either.Not recommended.
I consume energy drinks on a daily basis. For a few years, I drank Rockstar. For the past 2 years I have been making my own with Sodastream - I buy the diet energy because it is no calories and no sugar, but plenty of caffeine. I usually drink a full 1liter bottle first thing in the morning and I must admit I add more syrup than you're supposed to. I use about 1.5 caps of syrup instead of 1 cap. This doesn't make me race around, but just gives me the nudge I need to get on with my day. Sometimes i'll make another half liter later on in the day.This was my first time trying or even hearing of GURU, and unfortunately, I found them to be extremely ineffective. I have drank 6 of them in the past 11 hours (!!) and I took a 2 hour nap during those 11 hrs. I felt no energy at all from them. My last one of the 6 was about a half hour ago. I feel nothing, except a slight stomach ache most likely due to all of the sugar.The taste isn't bad. It has a typical energy drink taste. It has a little less carbonation than a coca cola would. I like a lot of carbonation and that is something else that I am spoiled with, with my sodastream. I can put as much carbonation as I want.I don't mind drinking them as a regular drink, but I won't be going to them specifically for energy. It definitely was not worth all of those calories and all of the sugar.The product info here on the page is a bit misleading. In one place it says 97mg of caffeine per 8.4oz  serving, another place says 100mg, but on the can it says 125mg.My sodastream claims 80mg caffeine per 8oz serving. Maybe the &#34;natural&#34; caffeine in GURU is not as potent?The sodastream syrup also has some vitamin content -  20% daily value of Vitamins B6 and B12, Niacin, Folate, Riboflavin, and Biotin, as well as 50% daily value of Vitamin C. It may not mean much, but I like having that vitamin content, as I am a picky/poor eater and I need to consume them wherever I can.The can says not to mix with alcohol and I am wondering why.I wouldn't recommend these to someone who drinks energy drinks regularly and has a tolerance for caffeine because they are ineffective.
I used to love Zico coconut water. No any more. This new formula is terrible. It taste nothing like how coconut water is supposed to taste. First, is that this now comes in a plastic bottle and is from concentrate, with the added ingredient of "natural flavors", whatever those may be. I don't know how to put it into words, but it just lacks vitality and freshness that should be in coconut water. It taste nothing like their previous product which comes in the paper Tetra-Pak cartons:ZICO Pure Premium Coconut Water, Natural, 11.2-Ounce Tetra Paks (Pack of 12).These may be cost-cutting moves and they show. This product is terrible. Go with the original non-concentrate Tetra-paks.
I somehow managed to drink one bottle (it was hot, I was  desperate).  It really tastes bad.  I have all the rest sitting in my cabinet, never to be sipped by me.  When I am dead, I'm sure they will be thrown away.  I know, what do I mean by "bad."  Well, I almost felt like I would get sick if I drank a whole bottle straight.  Maybe it is good for you, but the taste is so raunchy that I would have to be on a desert island to drink it.
This water is disgusting and tastes like another brand also sold at Costco. The after taste is stale bread, I ordered 2 cases of http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BN6BX9M/ref=oh_details_o08_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1 when I got this with a coupon and subscribe & save discount and now I'm choking this down.Move on to something else if you want a clean crisp coconut water, this definitely isn't it!
I realize that taste in tea, and particularly green tea is a matter of personal preference. For me, I found this tea to be unpleasant. Opening the tea bag, I detected an aroma reminiscent of lawn clippings. As I drank the tea, I find the unpleasant aroma becomes an unpleasant taste. I am not sure how to describe it . . . perhaps wet lawn clippings or even a mossy taste. I do not get the sharp "bite" I normally expect from a good green tea.I will try this for a week, and see if I am missing something, but as for now, I can not recommend purchasing this tea.
I used to like Slim Jims way back in the day, so I was glad to get these from Amazon. But I'm very disappointed. I'm not sure if this is how they're supposed to taste, but they're very strange and unpleasant.I noticed that these don't say they contain pork, but they do contain "mechanically separated chicken." They also contain textured soy protein and corn syrup. Gluten-sensitive people should be aware these contain wheat flour. Since the packaging doesn't advertise that they are anything but a "smoked snack stick," and that description only occurs in fine print above the ingredient list, I'm going to guess these aren't aimed for people who care about niceties like "meat-looking snacks actually being composed of meat." At 140 calories, 3 carbs, and 480mg of sodium per stick, they aren't too bad in my opinion for the size of snack you get in the package. And on the plus side, they are quite filling.But that's about the only good quality these things have. Their casings are fibrous and almost papery, and toward the bottom the sticks are coated in a strange slick reddish oily liquid. The stuff inside the casing is an odd texture and even more odd scent--dry and oily and redolent of smoke flavoring and spices. They taste dry and powdery and yet soaked in oil and binders. They knock you off your butt with cloying smokiness, and there are weird bits of gristle all through it--some chunks so big I couldn't eat them. Every bite chewed down to a cardboard-y feel. The flavor lingered in my mouth long after eating the stick and my husband, a vegetarian who normally doesn't mind at all if I cook or eat meat around him, said he was overwhelmed with the stench of the stuff on my breath even after I brushed my teeth and flossed (which was actually a necessity as the sticks' fibrous contents had gotten stuck in my teeth).I cannot imagine anybody wanting to purchase these and cannot imagine them as a valid snack food. The only way I could eat them is if I were starving hungry and/or drunk. I can actually see these going well with cheap beer. But otherwise, I'm certainly never buying any.I don't think they were anywhere near this bad in my youth. I can't even imagine what happened to Slim Jims in the last 20 years, but I'm sorry to see a cherished snack from my childhood destroyed this way.
I found this oddly fibrous and inedible. It was almost like there was paper or rubber in my mouth as I chewed on this. At first I thought it was just that stick, so I opened another one and it was exactly the same!
Rarely has a product offended my taste buds as much as this bar did. I'n definitely not going to stock up on these bars.
I was under the impression I was getting a box of 15 bars at least there was nothing otherwise that would indicate something less. I received one bar on a hot Saturday afternoon delivered by the Post office. The bar was soft and we had to refrigerate it for several minutes before we could taste it. The first taste was enough to appreciate the fact we only received one bar of the Think This Chocolate Fudge Bar. There is a slightly bitter taste plus there is a lingering dryness that will take a while to disappear. While the bar touts only 20g of protein and zero sugar, I think we will opt for a High Protein Bar that has more flavor and less of the after lingering effects. I just ate a Hershey bar and now the original taste is gone. By doing so I messed up terribly the sugar and protein count for today.The bar states that the mission of thinkThin is to positivity impact the lives and wellness of others and to lead in changing the endemic destruction of weight and poor nutrition related diseases in our country. I am afraid the maker has gotten somewhat carried away in his/her ambitious mission statement. I may never buy a protein bar again. Sorry! I do agree that you would probably lose weight since after the first bite I wanted nothing else to eat.By the way the bar does not hold up to the very hot heat outside here in Texas however In have to fault the Post office for part of this since the delivery was made in the late afternoon thus that little bar has been on that truck all day.
Just make sure this is your only food source, and i guarantee you'll start dropping pounds. Starvation is a more tempting option than letting these pass your lips.Because i'm a slow learner, i've tried two different flavors: chocolate fudge and chocolate covered strawberry. In both cases, for the first half second or so, i thought they might be decent. The first flicker of flavor is unoffensive. But then that vanishes and something dreadful replaces it. I can't even describe it.There's nothing redeeming in the texture either, something along the lines of fluffy damp sawdust.And lest you think i have a problem with all high-protein meal bars, i assure you, i'm a lazy person and often end up eating zing or clif or builder bars instead of tracking down an actual meal. Some are good, some are decent, some are not so good, but they're all better than these.
Yuck.  This bar tastes like chalk and non-food bulk with the slightest hint of chemical-laden chocolate.  There's no way I could get all the way through this thing.  In the event that you are able to eat the whole thing I'm sure it's quite filling, as it's a very heavy, dense bar.  That said, I think the box it came in had better texture and flavor than this thing.  This is only "food" in the loosest possible sense of the term.
The only word appropriate for describing this product is gross. I eat a lot of protein bars, my favorite being Quest bars. I tend to steer clear of protein bars that have that artificial/chemical flavor and unfortunately these fall into that category for me. Some flavors are better than others and although I wouldn't consider this one the worst (that title belongs to the cookies & cream variety), that's not to say this one was much better.These have that typical "protein bar" texture that's a bit difficult to explain... it's somewhat dry and crumbly and almost seems to dissolve in your mouth as you chew, and the flavor was sickening and very artificial tasting. Everything about this bar just tasted so unnatural and I've come to expect more from protein products at this price point.Overall I found this bar to be awful and cannot recommend this product.
For a healthy snack, the thinkThin Chocolate Espresso is not what I expected. I've eaten a few types of popular nutrition bars before, and they are either the really fruity-soft kind or the really nutty-hard kind, none have been like this --- the soft-but-hard kind. Let me explain, the thinkThin is a 2/3" thick piece of chocolate bar formed with expresso inside, it's a very dense heavy chunk mushed together. And while you're suppose to 'think thin', the bar gives the opposite impression! And after taking several bites, you certainly dont feel thin, it's a very clunky taste, sort of soft but dry and hard paste that doesn't even have a very good flavor. Feels sort of like eating cardboard if cardboard had an edible texture! And you will need a drink to wash down your healthy bar!I do taste the expresso, not really the chocolate cause it's just a mess of flavors and none really stand out. It sure tastes healthy, if healthy means it has no [good] taste and we all know, healthy is something most people don't enjoy eating but only because they have to!"High Protein. Low glycemic. Sugar free, Wheat free. Gluten free. 0g trans fat. All natural. 20g of protein. 2g effective carbs. Best taste. No ingredients produced using biotechnology- wow, if this is what biotech does to food, NO THANK YOU! Please take technology out of the process...machines do not have tastebuds, that's why this thinkThin bar has ZERO taste. Definitely no sugar, which is why it's like eating cardboard, which also doesn't have sugar but lots of protein! ;)"Delicious wholesome weight management" - because after you eat this, you'll not want to eat anymore since it ruins your tongue/appetite.Not recommended. Yikes. Worst tasting health bar ever, think I'll go back to fruits and nuts, thinkThin has someone managed to destroy chocolate and expresso ;(
I ate one and threw the rest away. That should sum up how I feel about these supposed "ThinkThin" candy bars. They are definitely not Nutrition bars as they do not contain anything close to nutritious. I get snack attacks and am always looking for something healthy to munch on other than fruit. So far the only bars that I have found to be even close to healthy and that taste reasonably good are Zone bars. These ThinkThin bars do not have much flavor and have an unpleasantly gritty texture. It amazes me when companies will call candy bars healthy and nutritious when they are far from it. These ThinkThin bars contain Fat and Sugar but No Vitamins. The front of the package says 0g of Sugar but the ingredients list 10g of Sugar Alcohol (Maltitol). The only good aspect to these candy bars are that they are Gluten Free but they do contain Soy. If Gluten Free (but with Soy is ok) is your overriding requirement and you don't care about flavor, taste or grittiness then you might want to try these ThinkThin bars. If you are watching your diet or trying to lose weight, not sure that these bars would be a good idea.
The Chocolate Espresso flavor of the thinkThin bars is the only one I have tasted and I found it disappointing.  There was no coffee flavor to the bar other than bitterness.  Is that supposed to be the espresso flavor?  I have tasted many other things with a better coffee flavor.  The chocolate flavor is strong but more of a baking chocolate flavor, not candy flavor.  Of course since the bar contains zero sugar, barely any fat, and is gluten free, it isn't going to have a "rich" flavor to it. It contains 20 grams of protein but only 10% Calcium and 15% Iron for the RDA.  It leaves a strong after taste that made me grab for a beverage to get rid of it.  If you like a bitter chocolate flavor, then you would like this bar.  Personally I won't be eating another of this flavor.
you can taste the SUGAR.. so there has to be more than a sm amount .on this product.  very sorry I bought  this productI want dry roasted peanuts.. NOT 3 KINDS OF  SUGAR,!!!!  PLUS ONIONS, GARLIC,PARIKA ,GELATIN AND SOME STRANGE &#34; NATURAL FLAVOR&#34; that could be anything, YEAST,CONSTARCH,DRIED CORN SYRUP, MALTODEXTRIN..!Very very disappointed with this product... I will not reorder ........... and will be looking for  just 2 ingredient dry roasted peanuts  that are.......1.)..PEANUTS2.)AND SALT...........MY RECOMMENDATION... Keep Looking............
I bought these and the salted variety because I make homemade peanut butter. I should have paid closer attention to the ingredients. These peanuts include cottonseed oil, a hydrogenated oil. I don't know why they don't just roast them with peanut oil. Well actually I do know why: Peanut Oil is more expensive than cottonseed oil.If roasted with peanut oil these peanuts would be healthier and in my humble opinion taste better. I've switched to buying peanuts from The Peanut Shop of Williamsburg [...]which are also available via Amazon Prime though unfortunately not part of Amazon's Subscribe and Save Program. I just bought the last 3 cases (two unsalted and one salted) though so you'll have to wait until they get more. They are more expensive but better quality and healthier food normally is more expensive.If you care about your health, stay away from hydrogenated oils and, accordingly, stay away from Planter's Peanuts. Once you become accustomed to the taste of unadultarated peanuts you'll never go back.
Sugar isn't good for you either, but Spenda is REALLY not good for you, it's not even a food! When I found this out I actually called them and told them I was irritated and that I felt misled. I gave away my Splenda and haven't touched it since I found out about it.
I've been craving New England Clam Chowder and it has been so long since I've had it, I can not remember who has the good stuff.  I tried shopping at Whole Paycheck and they had this and one other brand so I thought I would give it a try.  It was very bland and not worth the calories or the trouble of heating it up.  I would definitely not purchase this again.  I noticed that every other reviewer as of today has given this soup 1 star only as well; I guess I wonder who likes it?  what was wolfgang thinking?
I would love to review this product. However, it was shipped and never left the warehouse. It's been two weeks -- still sitting there.
If you put this sauce in your mouth, you'll have the urge to quickly remove it. It tastes awful. Not much more to say about it. Not much more I can say about it. Bleh!
I tried this out on a number of people with varying tastes ranging from those who prefer sweet to spicy barbecue sauces. Nobody liked it at all, and nobody would give it another shot. With that said, I'll stick to masterpiece and doctor it up.
Sweet and Sour Sauce on Steroids; Sugar Addicts Delight; Trailer Trash Ketchup; you choose the best title.Sweet? Of course it is sweet. This stuff is forty-five percent sugar; sweet enough to melt your teeth.  Not a surprise that everyone likes it. If you liked the cereal which was only thirty percent sugar, this fluid is half again better.This concoction goes all the way back to 1996.  That was a whole millennium ago.  It has "garnered international acclaim."  Just look at the reviews before Vine.  Have you ever seen so many five-star two-sentence puff pieces?The label tells it all. "Great right out of the jar."  We should have a contest to find the best new use.  My plastic bottle arrived in near-zero weather, still liquid.  Could we use it as windshield-washer fluid?I have tried it on salad, cheese, and beef.  It works on everything.  There is nothing subtle about it.  The flavor overwhelms anything that you apply it to.  My favorite?  I poured a big glob into my coffee. It really adds some zing and the seeds are not a problem; they sink right to the bottom.  Maybe I could take a liking to this after all ...
This sauce was sweeter than I thought it should be with not much exciting flavor. Sort of like the duck sauce that comes in packets at the Chinese takeout, but with some peppery heat mixed in. I detected very little in the way of mango, and the ginger taste was missing too.We tried it with some grilled chicken. Perhaps some egg rolls might have been a better pairing.Normally I like sweetness in a dipping sauce, but it must have flavor behind it, else it risks being rather insipid, like this. Would not purchase again.
I do not like smoked foods (cheese, meats, etc). So, I took a gamble by purchasing this tea because I was looking for new and unique flavors. The description says "golden black tea with a delicate smokey flavor." Delicate could not be farther from the truth! This was shipped to me along with 5 more boxes of different Twinings flavors. When I opened the package, all I could smell was this - despite the fact that each bag is sealed in a paper bag, inside a plastic wrapped box! The smoke smell was overwhelming. When I showed it to my husband, he said it smelled like tobacco. The smell was so bad, I could not even brew a cup.Other reviewers obviously enjoyed this, but for me it was a complete waste of money. I could not even give the tea away.
The chocolate coating on my Mallomars had a dusty discoloration, like you sometimes see on chocolate that's past it's prime.  That "sugar bloom" usually doesn't affect the taste, so I tried them anyway.  I found the chocolate to be quite bitter.  On about half of the cookies, the lower cookie half had separated from the top half of the cookie.  The cookie was crumbly and stale.  The marshmallow had a "stretchy" quality, not the fluffy goodness I'd expected.With so many other reviewers raving about the product, I don't think this is just a difference of opinion.  I think I had a bad batch, or these weren't stored properly before delivery, or something.  Maybe they were outdated -- I searched the box for a sell-by date and did not find it.
Marshmallow, chocolate, cookie...put it all together and its a visit to my grannys house as a child. Where she would break out the Mallomars (her favorite) and let us grandkids demolish them in seconds. I would always eat the cookie part first than the squishy marshmallow chocolate hat.So we were looking forward to this box arriving from Amazon, we hadnt had these in years.The anticipation was thick, were they going to be as good as we remembered? would they still smell so sweet and chocolatey? Rustle, Rip, Tear...and .....sad face.All the cookies had seperated from the tops, the chocolate coating the cookies and marshmallows had cracked and separated, turning an ashy brown color. I picked up a cookie and bit into it...stale. I picked up a mallow top hat and the chocolate fell into my lap. The expiration date wasnt past, and they were packaged ok, so I dont understand what went wrong.They were just nasty, and broken and disappointing....more sad face.
My 7 year old took one bite of this product and then pushed the rest of the box to me and said I could have it. I was greatly surprised by this because chocolate and marshmellows are her 2 of her favorite ingredients. After taking a bite of the product myself, I understood her distaste of the product. Package-wise, the box didn't appear to be crushed at all and arrived looking like new. However, a majority of the cookies had separated somewhat to the cookie part. This product is a take on the Smores concept, however, it lacks the taste of a smores. The marshmallow is light and sweet, similar to frosting almost. The chocolate is ok, but it's only a very thin covering over each cookie. By far the worst issue w/ this cookie is the cookie portion. It tastes horrible, looks and tastes like sawdust.I would never purchase this product and would not recommend it.
It's difficult to fairly evaluate when the product arrives in bad condition. The celophane bag seemed intact, but the cookies inside were crushed. The chocolate coating was discolored and the cookies were broken and tasted stale.
I was expecting to get smores like goodness out of this product.  However, the box of mallomars I received were 1) stale, 2) had white residue on the chocalate, 3) cookies lacked any semblence of edibility.Questions raised are: 1) Storage problems at Amazon?  2) Shipping problems 3) Did the cookies expire.The sxpiry dating was still OK.  Not sure why the cookies were problematic as they were.
When I saw these available through the Vine program I was compelled to order them simply because I hadn't had a Mallomar in probably thirty to forty years. Well, my taste buds have clearly changed. I watch what I eat now and try to eat simple and healthy. These are basically junk food. After eating two of them I immediately knew the remainder of the small package would go to one of my grand nieces or nephews. Marshmallows, milk chocolate and some of the unhealthiest oils and saturated fats are the primary ingredients of these cookies. Nobody that cares about eating healthy will buy these. Then again, to their credit, Nabisco is not marketing them as a "health" food. There are a lot of alleged "health bars" on the market that are just as bad for you as these. But even as traditional cookies go, if I'm going to eat junk food cookies (Oreos, Famous Amos, etc.) there are many others I would choose before Mallomars. But, to each is own. There's little doubt there are a lot of people who love these things. They've been around for years, actually decades, and there's still a lot of people who pay little attention to what foods they put in their bodies. If I turned the clock back thirty years to when I was raising a family with young children, knowing what I know now about the importance of good health, I would never give these to my kids.
I love blueberries.  I love Luna bars, but this bar was terrible.  Just terrible.  The texture is that of a wet, soggy power bar.  The taste is bland and awful, I am not sure.  This was so terrible I spit it out.  Its difficult to describe the taste because it was so...gross.  This is so terrible, I am not even going to keep typing about it.  I am not kidding.Note: "Pure" and "Organic" does not mean that it has to taste bad and feel disgusting.  This product merely does.
I really tried to like the Wild Blueberry bar but I just did not enjoy it all. It sounds good in theory-no cholesterol, no trans fats, no artificial ingredients,  no refined sugar, it's rich in Omega-3s, it's got fiber, it's got calcium and it's a full serving of fruit. On my first taste, I chewed it a couple times before spitting it out. My second bite went down but I just couldn't get into the flavor. The calorie count is rather high for a small bar and I think I could find something more satisfying, more tasty, and just as healthy to eat for about the same amount of calories.
love blueberries but barely tastes like blueberry, good idea but no real flavor and not filling in anyway
The texture reminded me of the center of a Fig Newton cookie but slightly moister. I would use these on a camping trip or hiking event but would not use on a daily basis.  The flavor was bland and I did not care for the texture which I found to be pastey.  Tended to stick to the roof of my mouth and was a little hard to swallow.  Did not get a distinct blueberry flavor. The most flavorful was when a bite would contain a nut.  The actual appearance of the bar is not appealing in the least.  I almost threw half of it away but then went ahead and forced the rest down.  Organic healthy snacks can be healthy and taste good but not this bar.  I kept thinking of wet soggy flavored cardboard.
I received one small bar through the Vine program. Opening the wrapper revealed an ugly looking brown mess. Throwing caution to the wind I took a bite. It tasted like I was eating a piece of cardboard with a barely detectable blueberry hint. This horrible tasting thing has 190 calories and a whole bushel of fat. No way could I take another bite. This ugly, calorie laden and fat enhanced glob is resting comfortably in my garbage can. Don't believe the hype.
My two favorite things, cherries and cashews! Unfortunately, I could have a candy bar instead of this 190 calorie bar. The smell is not enticing and the taste is flat. Not sweet, not salty.... just blah.
The main problem with the Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, is that it doesn't taste like cherry or Cashew.It's made of just a few assorted nuts and a few assorted fruits rolled into a bar. And I'm not sure exactly what it tastes like. it's like one bar of flavor confusion. I can't tell what it tastes like.Maybe I would have liked it better had it actually tasted like cherry and/or cashew
I don't know if it was the weird, acrid aftertaste of something the resembled blueberries the way blue Gatorade resembles blueberries, or the dry, choking mealiness of a bar that nevertheless left my fingers sticky, but I'm just not at all a fan of this bar. If there were nuts in it, I never noticed, although that may explain the thin wafers I had to prod out of my gums afterwards.
Okay, these are good for people who are on gluten-free, kosher, vegan, or soy-free diets, and they do have vitamins, but the taste is very bland.  The bar is all natural--organic and raw. Were those blueberries I tasted or cardboard?  I'd rather go hungry than eat this.
Upon opening the wrapper, I noticed that the inside of it looked as though the bar had sweated profusely while on its trip to my home. Not a promising sign. The bar itself looked very unappealing, like something that had been made with an industrial extruder into which someone threw blueberries, oats and other healthy-type food. At least it smelled edible. The bar is definitely blueberry flavor, but with a twist. Imagine if you had a piece of blueberry pie while you were out at a nice hillside picnic. Now imagine that you dropped your pie piece and it rolled down the hill and into a nearby forest, all the while collecting dirt, leaves, twigs and other detritus. Now eat that pie. That is what this bar tastes like.
Yes, it may claim to be all organic and such...but, yuck! This is the worst bar I have ever had. I am always looking for a good, healthy, organic AND tasty bar, but this...tasted like cardboard, with a nut here and there. I have eaten two of these, and the first one was so bad that the second one made me gag. I love theClif ZbarandKashi. They are tasty, this is not.Although the list of ingredients sounds good (health wise) and the flavor says cherry chashew, it asll tasted disgusting to me. If you are looking for a vegan/organic bar that actually DOES taste like what it is supposed to be, check outPROBAR Fruition Superfood Snack Bar, Strawberry. The Fruition is seriosuly yummy. With a capital Y, the good Y.
No refined sugar, no gluten, dairy or soy, no cholesterol, trans fats, preservatives or anything artificial, sounded great to me but....I tried this PURE organic cherry cashew bar from Amazon and all I can taste is the overwhelming rancid nuts. I have to rate this item based on my experience, so sadly I can only give it one star. Not much else I can say based on what I tried other then all the ingredients listed are good simple and organic. Problem with all these natural foods which contain nuts especially raw nuts is that they are extremely volatile and have 0 shelf life because there are no preservatives. Too bad something with the best of intentions can't make it to the public to enjoy before going bad. These bars sound really good and probably are if you are lucky enough to get one that hasn't spoiled, I haven't been that lucky.
The Pure Organic Wild Blueberry Raw Fruit and Nut Bar is surprisingly bland. Its ingredients include a variety of "organic" ingredients - several different kinds of nuts, dates, blueberries, rice protein concentrate, agave nectar, lemon juice concentrate, and blueberry flavor. Nothing is cooked or processed. But for all of its positive qualities, I could only eat one bite before throwing the rest away. Unfortunately, the blueberry flavor is only minimal. It was like eating soggy, mushy mixed nuts without salt. Though it seems healthy for you, I can't recommend this product based on its taste and consistency.
Every few years there is always a new fad, ruse and/or gimmick for food.  Some of these "marketing schemes" are, but not limited to, food being "light", "fat free", "100 calorie serving", "low carb", "sugar free" and in this case "organic".  I must admit, I like to be very aware about what kind of food I am eating.  Cognizance and cuisine should be a given when making a wise choice about not only eating food, but what type of food.This is an organic raw fruit and nut bar by Pure, the flavor is "cherry cashew".  The first thing I noticed when I opened the wrapper is the bar isn't very appetizing.  It looks like a small burnt fruit cake that was moist.  As for the taste, I found it to be very tart.  There is also this very acerbic aftertaste.  As for the texture, it was chewy and I felt like I had powder in my mouth. I realize this is a "raw" and "organic" fruit bar, but come on.  If that wasn't enough, this bar is 190 calories and 8 grams of total fat, this fruit bar is small.  I suppose in this case organic doesn't equal "figure friendly" or "low in fat".Overall, I didn't even finish the bar.  I ate maybe half of it.  I can appreciate what Pure is doing by making and marketing an organic fruit bar; in contrast, when eating food taste is still paramount.  I also think that unneeded calories and high fat content shouldn't be disguised as "organic".  Which leads me to believe how "organic" is this food product...?
When I want a snack, I don't care if it's good for me. I just want it to taste good. I tried this bar because I like cherries, and I like nuts. I figured we were off to a pretty good start right there. I was wrong.The number one ingredient on the lable turned out to be dates. Dates? Yep. Dates. Apparently the dates and some rice protien makes up the soft-cookie-like, chewy base. I shared the bar with a friend, and I thought the base was mostly flavorless, but she thought it tasted like prunes.While the label says "cashew", there are also walnuts and almonds in the bar. I thought the walnut taste overwhelmed the cashew taste, but that could be because I'm sensitive to walnuts. My throat tingled for an hour after eating the bar. Someone with a more severe walnut allergy might have great issue with a cashew bar that has walnuts in it.The cherries were tart, but there were so few in the bar that it was possible to take a bite and not get any cherries. Perhaps they should have infused the date/rice protien base with some cherry juice to get some more flavor in the bar.I suppose if you're used to eating flavorless things like rice cakes and unsalted granolla this might be a nice bar for a snack. But if you eat like a normal person, this bar is just something to gnaw on. It's not a very satisfying snack at all.As I swallow, I'm reminded to recount one important point I learned trying this bar: Absolutely stay away from it if you're allergic to walnuts.
Based on the mostly positive reviews, I purchased it. Well, believe the negative reviews. The cheap (think dollar store) glass teapot WITHOUT strainer holds 18 ounces. Since I just received this yesterday, I only used one flower which failed to bloom and the tea flavor was not impressive. The concept is unique, but way too pricey for what you get. As for the bamboo box, it is pretty but not really sufficiently sturdy to store anything except very light weight items.
I love the gluten free, I love the no GMO, I like the all-natural. It's been a while, but I've liked chips by this brand.I got a 24 pack of 2 ounce chips, and I found the Sriracha chips inconsistent. Some bags had stronger flavor than others. And sadly the ones without much flavor made me realize that I really don't like the the taste of the chips. When I got a really good chip it was almost a mix between salt and vinegar and a spicy chip. Even in the same bag the flavor seemed very inconsistent.But after having the flavorless ones that I didn't like, I'm beginning to taste what I don't like even when the flavoring is good.The chips themselves taste like either old oil or too much oil or overused oil or something. I read other reviews where people say they're different and worse than the used to be and I hope that's not true. They were months from the best by date so that wasn't the issue.I think partially they just hit me at the wrong time. I expected spicy and the bag wasn't so I was turned off. Then another time I expected bland and got pretty spicy. It's hard to like something you can't pin down.Sometime I'm going to have to try jalapeno--my favorite--to see if they taste how I remember. But for now, I'm totally turned off from kettle chips!
"Green Tea with Pomegranate and Acai" seems more like an attempt to cash in on a health fad instead of creating a balanced and delicious tea.  Here you have three products that have recently been hailed as miracle foods all bundled into one cuppa together.Although the health benefits and drawbacks of both green tea andpomegranate juicehave been well-documented, theAcai berry'sclaims are more tenuous.  Acai berries have fewer antioxidants than grapes or blueberries, and no credible evidence exists supporting the other miraculous claims.  Even so, with this tea listing "pomegranate and acai flavors" as the final ingredient on the package, the amount of each fruit is so minimal as to be inconsequential.  There is far more "organic hibiscus" and "organic rose hips" in this tea than either pomegranate or acai "flavors."But the real bottom line on any tea is the "Green Tea with Pomegranate and Acai" just doesn't taste very nice.  It tastes like none of the listed ingredients, and comes off as more of an attempt at makingKool-Aid-flavored  tea than anything else.
My container is overwhelmingly strawberry.  I had no apple, one cherry, couple blueberry which is my fav, few pomegranate, and grape.This is NOT a variety pack.
I truly wanted this bottled, flavored water to taste great.........BUT IT DOES NOT!  The aroma is delicious but the flavor is just plain water.  To try to make up for the poor quality of the product and the money I wasted buying it, I tried filling the bottles for reuse with my own filtered water but it just tasted musty, like it was going bad...really bad.  So I ended up just recycling the nice bottles.  As far as flavor goes....there is not any flavor, none at all.  It turns out to be just an expensive way to drink bottled water.  Not worth it by any means.  I don't know how the other reviewers could come to different conclusions but in my opinion....this bottled water is a big waste of money and I will never be buying it again.
While I love the Bumble Bee Albacore Tuna in spring water, I hate this snack pack just as much.  Not only is the color unappealing (like a faded brick red color) but the smell is something I cannot even describe.  The crackers are like unleavened crackers with a slightly sweet, very dry and slightly hard consistency.  The tuna when I tasted it was about like the smell.  It has the consistency of cat food in the mouth, the taste is slightly sweet with a slightly bitter overtone from too much spice.  I would never recommend this product to anyone, not even a cat.  Nine Lives - you have nothing to worry about.
I got the surprise of my life when I opened the can of tuna fromBumble Bee Sensations Tomato Basil Tuna Kit!  It looks just exactly like cat food!  The kit (a bit hard to open) appears to be intended as a take-along lunch item.  It comes with a package of 6 small crackers (too sweet), a plastic spreader and a tiny can of reddish, too moist dark tuna spread with all the texture of mush.  UGG!Grandma's $0.02 - Horribly unappealing visual presentation, unattractive smell, nasty texture, this is one "sensation" I can do without. Pass the C-rations please!Not recommended
Have you seen that cat on YouTube who says, "No no no no no"?  Someone probably tried to feed him a can of this Bumble Bee Sensations Tomato Basil Tuna.I have had pouches of lemon pepper tuna and enjoyed it, but the tuna in this can looks nothing like what's on the package.  Instead of small chunks of light tuna with bits of tomato, this is a tuna pt&eacute; without much texture and a sickly pinkish-orange color, like potted meat.  It doesn't smell bad, but it tastes like mild tuna with too much sugar and vinegar added&mdash;there is no identifiable taste of tomato or basil.  The only thing that would make it worse would be a strong fishy smell and taste.The best part of this kit is the package of six crackers, similar to Ritz, very crispy.  There is too much tuna in the little can for the crackers and I ended up just throwing the rest of it out.This little kit was a good idea, but in practice, it is not so pleasant.  The photograph on the label is very deceptive, but I don't think anyone would buy this if it were a photograph of the actual contents.
I eat all kinds of cheap stuff (including other Chef Boyardee products).  I also eat a lot of mac&cheese;, from cheapo generic box dinners to higher quality made-from-scratch real stuff.But this is the worst I have ever eaten.  It drips and tastes like the nacho cheese sauce at Target's food counter.  Barf.
My two year old normally loves mac n cheese, but she won't touch this stuff. After tasting it for myself, I can see why, bland, tastless and way too runny. I won't buy this again.
I like Boyardee's canned Macaroni and Cheese, and I assumed that this would be the same product.  They turn out to be as different as chalk and cheese - literally.  The canned variety tastes of cheese.
I was looking forward to trying this product because I am a huge lover of Mac N Cheese. I was thinking it was going to taste similar to Cheetos but no. Barely a cheese taste at all. There was a bad aftertaste-I spit it out. They are this generic tasting air puff junk! Yuk! Nobody in my family liked this-I just threw them in the garbage.Skip-go to a bag of Cheetos if necessary.
I don't want to call these things cheesy puffs. They are not real cheesy puffs. They taste kind of flat and stale, &#34;cardboard&#34;y. The cheese flavor is weak and kind of off. They are trying so hard to be &#34;healthy&#34; or natural they end up being unsatisfying. Of course it's not like this kind of junk food can ever really be &#34;healthy&#34; in the first place, so what's the point?
I've always enjoyed using Pamela's baking products for my gluten-intolerant grandchildren. However, I won't get to try this one because it contains both dairy and tree nuts, which was not revealed in the item description, and to which our kids are also allergic. This is not an item that can be returned, but I donated my three bags to another family with celiac but no other allergies. Amazon should be more careful in listing all the allergens in its "allergy free" products.
This drink is horrible. I tried to drink it but I didn't even make it half way through the container. The coconut water tastes like some really watered down milk. I thought maybe i was an acquired taste but in all honest truth it is just nasty. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Received this yesterday, and today, everyone in my family tried it.  It tasted REALLY awful.  I would never, ever buy this product again.  I'm honestly shocked it has so many good reviews.  I don't know if we got a bad batch or what, but it was downright disgusting.  I couldn't even drink half of it before dumping it out.
The taste is definately not my thing.  For me it started out bland and as the chill wore off it went downhill from there.  I had to force myself to finish the container.  I did not think that the listed health benefits of the drink made it any better than other drinks of the electrolyte replenishing variety on the market today.  I do like the design of the container and although I was tempted to suggest a straw would be nice it is not absolutely necessary and would just add to the landfills.
I have had other Acai drinks so it's not the taste of Acai that I find revolting - just this stuff.  it's thick, kinda gloppy and has a nasty vinegary aftertaste.  I tried filtering it through a gold coffee filter to get rid of the sediments and that helped the texture but didn't do much to improve the taste.  Ultimately, the only way I was able to drink this stuff and not waste it was to mix it with some apple juice or grape juice.  The best way to explain the taste is to compare it to the juice you get when you press wine grapes.  Wine grapes aren't very sweet and when you press them, you get a thick, sourish juice.  That's similar to this crap.  Maybe you could put some of this into a smoothie with a banana but I think you might be wasting a good banana.  My best advice is to try this before you buy a whole case of it.  maybe you'll like it and think I'm wrong.  If you do, great!  But if, like me, you find the product is simply ghastly, you'll have saved some money.
I love trying new things, and I adore fruit-flavored anything, so when I saw the Amazon Aca&iacute; flavor of O.N.E., I couldn't resist.  The flavor was enticing, and the description of the beverage was certainly appealing:  "This ancient Amazon Secret boosts energy, stamina and vitality, combats premature aging and helps clean and detoxify the body."Well, who wouldn't want a refreshing drink that can do all that?  When it arrived, I noted that the container advises this drink is best chilled, and so I held off from my taste test, putting it in the refrigerator for several hours.On a side note, I found the packaging interesting.  From the photos, I had expected a standard can, but what it actually arrived in is a soft side container shaped and sized like a can, but it feels more like a juice box.  I admired what seems to be an effort to save the environment by utilizing as much bio-degradable material as possible in the packaging.Finally, the moment came when I felt my O.N.E. Amazon Aca&iacute; had chilled sufficiently and I was ready for my first sip.  With great anticipation, I opened the container, and inserted a straw.I was very glad my first sip was only that - a sip.  I was not pleased with the flavor.  But I persevered, drinking a third of the beverage before finally abandoning it, hoping that perhaps it is one of those tastes that you must `get used to' before you actually enjoy it.I just couldn't do it.  It tasted like I was drinking a fruit concentrate that needed diluting.  I heartily enjoy fresh-squeezed juices, but this was just far too strong a flavor.Not only that, but in addition to the Aca&iacute; juice I knew was in this drink, there is something called `Acerola', which the manufacturer describes as `Amazon Cherry'.  While I enjoy fresh cherries and cherry flavored food items, apparently I am not fond of cherry juice - at least not Acerola.It is with sadness I report that I would not drink another of the O.N.E. Amazon Aca&iacute; beverages.  I had looked forward to a new taste experience that may have the added benefit of improving my health through antioxidants, vitamin C, and other vitamins and minerals that One World Enterprises infuses these drinks with.
I drink am a frequent coffee drinker - at least a couple of cups a day.  So I was glad to see this product available.  I often switch between light roast and dark roast coffee - depends on time of day, my mood, and availably.  I like to enjoy a good Dark French Roast at night.  I made a pot of this for my husband and me to try.  We were not impressed - it had a strong odor, and a very bitter after taste (neither of us finished our cup).  As far as the impact of the low acid - we couldn't judge since we didn't drink enough.
I generally don't have a very discerning palate when it comes to coffee. Almost any coffee becomes drinkable with enough flavored creamer. So when I made Puroast Low Acid Coffee, I wanted to have a second opinion. I made it for my roommate, whose time in the Pacific Northwest turned her into a bit of a coffee snob.First, I opened the package and smelled the coffee. It had the aroma of one of those motel room brews--the kind that aren't fabulous but will do the trick when you need some caffeine. Then I made the coffee in my Gevalia coffee maker. I sampled it black to get the true flavor. That flavor was ... burned. Even after adding a generous amount of liquid creamer, the coffee still tasted burned. Next, I gave some to my roommate. She put some half and half in hers, and she could barely choke it down. The coffee was completely unpalatable, and we dumped the rest of the pot down the drain.While I like the idea of a low acid coffee, I cannot recommend this brand.
Sorry, but I could not drink that. Some people call it old world coffee. I call it old cheap hotel coffee. It is soooo dark in color, just like ashes. The smell is not pleasant at all. And it tastes just like a bad coffee made with terrible tap water you can find inside of a cheap hotel. Sorry, I rather drink no coffee than drink this! One star for me.
I do get bouts with reflux, and try to cut back on things like coffee, chocolate, mint, and other things that they say accentuates it, but this coffee doesn't taste very good. Kind of metallic.We made it with filtered water in the same coffee maker we use for our regular brands, and it was just ew[...] Sorry to the folks who make this but it just wasn't there for me.I like New Orleans coffee because when they add chicory, you get robust flavor with less caffeine and acid because you don't need as much to be satisfied. You can also buy chicory and add it to standard coffee. My favorite of the standard brands is still Folgers.Mrs. Olson was right. Mountain grown is the richest coffee.
I like the aroma and flavor of coffee but many brands, particularly the big "S" brand, do a job on my stomach.  I was anxious to try Puroast low acid coffee.  I prepared it in a drip coffeemaker.  I was highly disappointed with the brewed coffee.  I don't use sugar in my coffee but this definitely needed it.  The taste and aroma were awful.  It has a burnt flavor, even for a French roast and extremely bitter aftertaste.  The aroma was not particularly inviting either.I wish I still had my PH meter because I would have loved to test the acidity of this coffee vs. regular coffee.  Based on the bitter aftertaste and how it reacted on my stomach, I'd guess it is anything but low acid but I have no scientific means to validate my subjective opinion.  Frankly, even if it is low acid, I can't "stomach" the taste.
This is a difficult review to write.  I have reflux and coffee is a major trigger.  I LOVE good coffee, dark, strong, robust coffee.I was so happy to find this product and had hoped I could "have my coffee and drink it, too."  It is not to be.  I would rather have nothing than drink this.Coffee is such a personal thing.  I know most people drink it because they are addicted to caffeine (otherwise there would be NO on buying the majority of the coffee sold in grocery stores).  I drink coffee because I absolutely love the taste (I normally drink decaf everything so caffeine is not a factor for me).For those who absolutely cannot have coffee and aren't particular about flavor, I think this product will be a godsend.  Just like the gluten free products are godsends for celiacs, but you won't catch me eating them either!
The moment I opened the bag I did not smell the wonderful smell of coffee, as I sniffed close to the opening I finally smelled the coffee and it smelled stale.  When I brewed my first cup, the odor still remained stale with the addition of smelling like the second brew from used grounds.  This really affected my reaction and taste to the coffee.  The smell of coffee is appetizing and enhances the taste, but since I already had an issue with the smell, the coffee ended up tasting weak and stale.  The process of removing most of the acid must affect the taste and smell as well as color because it took away the best parts of coffee, the appetizing smell, the rich slight bitter taste, and the dark, smoky caramel color.  I decided to use the rest of the grounds as an odor neutralizer, but even that was not as effective, it did not neutralize other smells like regular acidic coffee.  I guess I will stick to regular coffee, truthfully instant coffee smells and tastes better than this low acid coffee.
My grandma buy these HUGE plastic bins full of Folders ground coffee. Puroast tastes like the very last pot she makes from a plastic bin - weak, stale and bitter. My daughter is coffee connoiseur, so I gave her a cup, she took a sip and asked me where I managed to find such low quality coffee.Going wihout coffee is better than drinking this.
It might be a matter of taste, but this is the worst cup of coffee I ever attempted to try. My spouse and I tried three sips and dumped it.
With both a stomach problem and a love of coffee, I thought this would be a great solution. I was wrong. I just didn't care for the taste. I recommend trying some low acid coffee once somewhere you can get a small cup before purchasing a 10-pack of bags for home brew. :(
For the sake of comparison, I obtained samples of both the Orange and Wild Berry flavors of the Gatorade Carbohydrate Energy Formula.The first interesting thing that caught my eye was the list of ingredients. For the Orange flavor: water, maltodextrin, isomaltulose, dextrose, citric acid, sodium citrate, monopotassium phosphate, natural flavors, salt, calcium lactate, glycerol ester of wood rosin, yellow 6, niacimide (vitamin B3), pantothenic acid (vitamin B5), pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin B6).By contrast, for the Wild Berry: water, maltodextrin, isomaltulose, dextrose, citric acid, sodium citrate, monopotassium phosphate, natural flavors, salt, calcium lactate, glycerol ester of wood rosin, red 40, niacimide (vitamin B3), pantothenic acid (vitamin B5), pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin B6).Clearly, what we have here is a bottle of chemicals, some common and some not so common. Just what is glycerol ester of wood rosin? Tree sap perhaps? I actually found this on the web "Glycerol esters of resin acids of wood rosins used as food additives in beverages and chewing gum are those prepared from wood rosin that is harvested from the stumps of the longleaf pine." Some chemist must have worked late one night to come up with that one. To its credit there was no high fructose corn syrup in the bottle. How did they miss out on that old standard? The yellow 6 and red 40 ingredients must provide the reassuring neon glow of the liquidsIn a taste test, the flavor of the Wild Berry was sharp and fruity, although what fruit was not obvious to me. There is no way that I could drink more than one swallow, let alone finish a whole bottle of the Wild Berry. The Orange was sort of, well, orange but the taste was less pronounced. Both left a sweet lasting unpleasant aftertaste.Each of the two promised 320 calories in a twelve ounce bottle. However, there is no way that I could drink a whole bottle of this concoction of any flavor. Of course, this is not the highest calorie per ounce food that I have encountered. A five ounce bag of potato chips in my food pantry has 650 calories.If I were stranded on a desert island, and the only "foods" that I had for survival were Orange or Wild Berry Gatorade Carbohydrate Energy Formula, I would certainly force myself to drink the Orange flavor, but I would prefer the potato chips. If you wish to enhance your sports performance, there are probably more effective alternatives; ask Senator Mitchell.A final note: The bottles are labeled with number 1 recycling symbols. So, you can toss the empty bottles in the bin after you have poured the remaining contents down the drain.
We love our Soda Stream and usually drink the bubbly water plain or make our own syrups (very easy to do), but I purchased the Root Beer flavor on a whim. We poured the recommended amount of syrup into the carbonated water and slurped. It was OK for a split-second, THEN came the after taste - YUCK!!!If you are NOT of the persuasion that Splenda is natural and don't enjoy aftertaste and don't want to acquire a taste for fake sugar, then this product is NOT for you.From now on, I'm not buying anything without reading the label first.
I bought this as its advertized as a Green Super Food!If it had as much greens as it claims, it would have ALLOT more Calcium in it, which it only has 30mg, which is only 4% of daily intake, and does not amount to anything.The only vitamin that comes close to 100% is vitamin A.(no big deal)I know that eating greens has calcium in it, and is a good source of Calcium thatdoes not cause plaque in your arteries, that is now being found with certain forms of calcium pills/tables/capsules...It seems this has a little bit of allot of different things, but not much of anythingin my opinion.I see where people here had allot of energy after drinking this.I can now see why. there is allot of fruits & veggies (but not much) that give off allot of natrual sugar.I do mot see the supplement facts on this page, which there should be one!I'm very disapointed in this product.
You'd think 20 years into the "Starbucks Revolution" some coffee companies would get a clue and just make their coffee taste better.  "Yuban" is right.  I've banned it.
I am so disappointed in Kraft and their South Beach Living products.For a lineup of products that are supposed to be healthy for people watching their carbohydrate intake, they have been a dismal failure lately.  And these chocolate-covered soynuts are no exception.One look at the nutritional label shows a whopping 6 grams of sugar and 9 grams of total carbs.  EEEEEK!  If you're ditching sugar, then this is NOT GOOD!  Then you look in the ingredients listing and see in addition to sugar there is also corn syrup used.  Why not use other sugar alternatives like Splenda, ACE-K, stevia, or erythritol instead?  It doesn't make sense.I tasted these and the chocolate was pretty good (again, it's made with sugar, so why shouldn't it be?).  But when you crunch into the soynuts, all I have to say is EWWWWWW!  Soynuts are disgusting no matter how good the chocolate you surround it with.  Plus, soy ain't as healthy as we've been told, so I try to avoid it whenever possible.If you're on the South Beach diet, then you can certainly do better than eating this product!  Try some REAL FOOD instead of something with confectioner's glaze and gum arabic (what is that anyway?!).
Soy.  The word itself is enough to make me start to say "yuck" -- but I figured, dark chocolate covered, I'll try it!  I'm glad I did!  These things are GOOD!  The soynuts have a pleasant crunch, with just a hint of salt that balances the dark chocolate nicely.Tasty, tasty, tasty!!!On the down side, the product arrived on a sunny, 70 degree day -- when I brought it in and opened up the first pack, they were all melted and gooey, and not in a good way.  So, I wouldn't order this in the summer unless your packages get delivered to an air conditioned space.Also, the "100 calorie" packs contain about 28 pieces -- a small handful.  For me, this was just about enough to get the taste, and then they were gone.  Personally, I could easily eat the whole box at one time, but I guess that would destroy the point of the product being part of the South Beach diet plan.
I welcomed the opportunity to review a product I normally would not buy, or try (mostly because I don't do the "South Beach" diet).  The snacks were certainly tasty, with a crunchy, grown-up chocolate taste.  But there's hardly anything there, so I couldn't get no satisfaction.  And then, if you see how much the product is per pound, well, you're better off finding your own soynuts and drizzling chocolate on them yourself (thereby consuming more calories through the effort).
I don't.  Texturally, it is both chalky and watery.  I just couldn't bring myself to finish the bottle, no matter how nutritious it might be (not so much).  I also found the flavor surprisingly tart - and not in a good way.I am a big advocate of organic ingredients; unfortunately, the only organics here are the sugars.  I also object to the 22 grams of sugar.  Instead of adding acid to up the tartness, why not just cut the sugar content?In fairness to the manufacturer, I haven't found ANY pre-packaged protein or 'smoothie' type drinks that were palatable.  I'd rather eat the packaging they come in.Make a fresh yogurt smoothie with fat-free yogurt and fresh or frozen berries; it tastes better, has NO fat, is lower in sugar and has the digestive benefits of yogurt.  Take your daily supplements with it and you have a far superior combination.
Imae a Flintstones Vitamin and Mylanta shake : That is pretty much whatmix 1 Berry, 11-Ounce Bottlestasted like. I felt like I was drinking a mix of Flintstones Vitamins and Mylanta which is not a good thing. It's supposed to be a health drink and/or meal replacement but it's only semi-healthly. It has a lot of sugar, which isn't really a "Healthy" thing. Plus, it was really chalky, like Mylanta is, which is just nasty. Honestly, no amount of nutrition is worth something tasting this bad
I'm always willing to try something new.  I like to test the latest sports supplement or product.  I was curious about this new energy drink called Mix 1 Berry.  I received my sample in the mail, after chilling it overnight in the ice box I drank the whole bottle and I wasn't impressed.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the extra energy but it tasted like yogurt in a bottle.  If the taste was modified so it wouldn't be so syrupy, it might make a good breakfast drink.  But as it stands now, it's kind of funky tasting.I wouldn't recommend it.
I was very disappointed with Mix 1 in the Berry formula. I dunno, maybe I got a bad batch. It was really dreadful. Sourish, unpalatable. My husband asked why I was making a face when I took my first sip. I said, "This is like something they'd give folks in a nursing home for nourishment, without concern for the pleasure of a beverage."Sadly, I cannot recommend it, despite it's impressive line-up of supplements.Mir
I'm always interested in healthy, portable snacks. This, however, will not be one we are adding to our shopping list.After chilling, as suggested in the directions on the bottle, I opened the bottle and took a tiny sniff, hoping for a nice mango smell. Alas, the smell is reminiscent of baby formula, and if you've smelled it before, you know how appealing that is. Not good.I did take a tiny sip, but it tasted as bad as it smelled...rather suggestive of some kind of medicine, like milk of magnesia or something like that. That's the kind of texture it had, too...chalky.It very well may be extremely healthy, but I could simply not get past the smell/taste, which makes it basically unuseable for me. I (without telling them anything) had the kids try it, pouring a tiny amount into several cups. None of them got past a tiny taste. Two of them would not even taste it after smelling it.I am wondering if there are other flavors of this that are better, but this one is no good.
I love Mangoes. I wanted to enjoy this drink. I could not.It tasted awful. They added whey protein isolate. I don't like the taste of a dairy product with a juice. It makes the drink taste like a melted creamsicle. It separates very easily requiring you to shake it to get the whey into suspension. If it were a chocolate or vanilla flavor the whey would have been fine. Also the cost is over the top. For 11 ounces this works out to about $2.08 a bottle. If you can get over the taste it probably is a healthy sport drink/meal replacement. I would try to find it sold by the bottle, to see if I like the taste, before I bought a $25 case of this.
Well, what  can I really say other than Yuk Tooey...it tasted like sour mango cake mix. I think you may have to mix it with something else and add it to a smoothie or something because alone, its not very tasty...sorry.
It sounded so promising; a mango flavored, healthful, convenient fast meal in a bottle.  Alas, it was not to be.I'd put my little bottle of Mango Mix in the fridge to chill it after I received it and waited for an opportunity to give it a try so that I could judge it best.  A few days later, the morning arrived.  Upon opening it, the first whiff reminded me of "Ensure", with a very definite medicinal smell.  My first taste confirmed this, along with a not-too-sweet fruity (mango?) taste.  The consistency was rather like melted ice cream, but no where near that appealing.  Then, the finishing touch, a strong vitamin aftertaste. Bleah!  But I was not giving up that easily.  I wanted to find something positive in my experience, so I tried it over ice.  This made it taste like watered-down-sour-fruity-vitamin muck, and,  if anything, accentuated the vitamin taste.I can't recommend this to anyone that is desiring a good-tasting nutritional drink. If you can stand the vitamin and sour-milk flavor, I suppose the nutrients may be worth it, but otherwise, I have to suggest you keep looking.
It's rare when a product comes along in life where we get to have easy mixed with good.  Yet here is another example.  The sauce is easy to use because you can get it hot and ready even faster than you can cook the noodles.  But now comes the problem.  This is one of the most bland sauces I have ever tasted in my life.It's called a tomato basil sauce.  I taste the tomato, and thats it....  I'm pretty sure nothing else is in it at all.  Literally.  You could grab a can of tamato sauce and get the same effect.It's just as easy to heat up a jar of regular spaghetti sauce. And you don't have to sacrifice taste.  Now to me that seems like a better deal.
This product makes a big show of the fact that it contains no fructose and is "packed with vitamins".  It is being marketed as a healthy treat but it is NOT.  This is NOT a "sports chew" or healthy snack.  It is glorified sugar sprinkled with sugar.  The primary ingredient is evaporated cane juice...a type of sugar.  This product contains 35 g of carbs and 0 fiber.  That means all the carbs are coming from simple sugars.  It is essentially a 140 calorie bag of vitamin C.  Give your kid an orange or a a glass of orange juice instead.  It has no other nutritional value except the added vitamin C which you can get from other sources.  As a comparison,Welchs Fruit Snacks Twenty Four 2.25 Ounce Value Box Assortmenthas 130 calories per service, contains 100% daily value Vitamin C, 25% Vitamin A, 31 g of carbs and 1 g of protein.  it doesn't matter if the sugar is "organic."  Sugar is sugar and will have the same negative impact.
If you want your water to taste like the crappiest lemonade on the planet, then use these PowerBar powders.  These are not good.  Yes they have electrolytes, so if you need electrolytes for whatever reason then you might dig these things.  But you are gonna have to deal with the horrid lemony flavor.  Disguisting.
Sadly this is my first negative review of any product I've gotten from Amazon. Where to start, it's not as good as Crystal Light, it's not as good as Gatorade or any other electrolyte / sports drink. The lemon tastes very chemical or flat, lemon should be sharp and tart. There's too much of a saltly flavor. It's unfortunate that the packaging is a less environmentally friendly (read multilayer plastic) than Crystal Light (paper).Bad flavor, overpackaged with plastic, a copy of another decent product, and I have to provide my own water. Oh and how fun is it to figure out 16.9 fluid ounces - oh that's 500mL or a half liter or a middle sized water bottle. Directions for mixing were not exactly awesome. I wasn't alone in the house not liking this one, a 12 and 17 year old were not impressed either. Pass on this one.
This is probably the most harsh review I've written on a product.  The initial taste was moderately acceptable, but it did not take long before the "after-taste" kicked in.  I don't know if it was the sucralose, or something else in it, but this one stays with you in a not-so-tasty way for quite a while (it's been at least an hour since I tasted it, and it's still there).  Sorry, but this one just doesn't make it for me.
If you like artificial sweeteners (and sucralose in particular), then you can probably just skip this review. Personally, I'm not a fan (don't like the taste and I'm wary of artificial anything). When I ordered this product, I was not aware that it contained sucralose. I can't find it listed anywhere on the Amazon product page and I didn't think about researching an ingredients list because frankly, I wasn't anticipating that it would have artificial sweeteners in it. I was expecting it to be like Nuun or Ultima - electrolytes without the sweet.Even though I really don't like ingesting artificial anything, I decided to see what it would taste like. I have to say, even if you don't mind artificial sweeteners, this stuff is sticky sweet. It's way sweeter tasting than Gatorade in my opinion (and that stuff is pretty sweet to me). It takes a little like overly sweet Crystal Lite. I did not find it refreshing at all. I actually think it would have been pretty good if they'd left out the sucralose and just went with the natural lemon flavor.I recommend Nuun or Ultima instead if you are looking for electrolytes without the sugar.
I'm a big fan of beef jerky, but this particular flavor from Mr. Z is awful. For something that calls itself "Sweet & Hot" I was very surprised to find that it was neither. I don't like real hot foods, so I was a bit leery about even trying this. But it wasn't even close to being mildly hot. And there really wasn't any sweetness, either. I've had other Mr. Z beef jerky in other flavors and liked them. This one, though, is a different story.
Why would any company take healthy grass fed beef and then add neurotoxins like monosodium glutamate?  If you eat this stuff, be sure to follow it (or precede it) with some detoxifying and protective nutrients!I've enjoyed beef jerky since I was a child, I love the flavor as I chew it.  Of course that was mostly before I learned to be aware of eating healthy.This product has an interesting flavor but it is inconsistent from one piece to the next.  Some pieces seem excessively spicy while others are not spicy at all.Unfortunately for health reasons the rest of this pack is going in the garbage.
YUCK YUCK YUCK!  This is some of the worst beef jerky I've ever eaten.  It is sweet instead of peppery or salty.  It leaves a funky aftertaste and the pieces are all sort of bunched together and not really individual enough to eat easily.  I tossed this product without even finishing it.  I will never buy it again.
I am not really sure what the "Z" stands for in Mr. Z, but I will assume that means it should be your last choice.  First and foremost let's cover taste:  it tastes just fine ... I enjoyed it ... but in the beef jerky market, there are lots of great choices so that doesn't mean much - moreover, taste is a matter of opinion.  In my *opinion* I believe you will like it; so let's just stick to the facts:#1: In the package I ate; the cuts are small and crumbly - at least half of the contents in the bag were smaller than a square centimeter - I prefer my jerky to be in bite size chunks, not a handful of crumbles.  Worst case; that means the bags you get will be the same - Best case, the product is inconsistent and you might get lucky if you buy it.#2: Given the quality, it is expensive.  At roughly $1.40 per oz, that is about $0.10 more per oz than the leading premium brand - "Jack Links" - however, as I just discussed, the quality is more comparable to a cheap generic brand that sells for about half the price.I suggest sticking to the real premium brand, Jack Links, for bigger, more consistent, and tenderer bites - at a slightly lower cost.
Perhaps I got a bad bag. I've posted a photo to prove what I'm saying. There were only a couple of larger chunks and a lot of small ones and plenty of beef "sawdust." The flavor was unremarkable and the beef was dried out. That was the last Mr. Z I'll be eating.
I originally rated this product with only one star because I didn't like it at all when I drank it.  However, I have come back to revise my review after sharing it with other members of my family.  They absolutely loved it and were fighting not to drink all the cans at one sitting!  After one adult and three children (aged 9-15) said it tasted very good, I decided it was just me who didn't like the taste.  Unfortunately I can't seem to change the number of stars I gave it, but if I could, I would give it five because I was definitely over-ruled in my opinion of the flavor.  Don't go by what I say; go by what my family says. :-)
That being said, I don't know if it does work if one does drink it because I just couldn't stomach it.The description boasts a blend of raspberry and acai that is "bittersweet"... Seems to me they left out the tartness of raspberry altogether and bitter is an appropriate word- unfortunately the combination of bitter and sweet equals a taste that is like a nibble of unripe fruit and a packet of sweet n' low/saccharine.  The taste is that foul and bitter.  The other flavors of Celcius seem to have better reviews here on Amazon and those may be worth a try, but raspberry acai is just unfortunate.  My first thought was that that they left the "ai" out of the "acai" (sorry to be crude, but really yucko tasting stuff)...I would like to try the other flavors as they seem more promising but I think I will taste them in one can experiments from a local convenient store and make sure I like them before being left with 23 cans of doorstop.The premise- 100 calories burned per can is quite appealing.  This product is marketed as a supplement. It does contain caffeine, guarana, and taurine, and a few other ingredients in their special blend, MetaPlus.Fingers crossed that one of the other flavors tastes better, as I could also use the 3-hour extended energy boost that the cans claim.
We tried this, while it contains natural ingredient it does also contain 200 MG of caffeine. I was really expecting this to taste good, I love mango and peach. This tastes nothing like mango or peach (not to us) It is the most horrible tasting stuff I have ever had the opportunity to drink. I can't even describe the taste. It has guarana, green tea, ginger extract, it is to be low in sodium, no sugars, no aspartame. It does sound somewhat healthy. There is a disclaimer at the bottom stating not recommended for people that are caffeine sensitive, children under 12, women pregnant or breast feeding.I can't recommend this solely for the horrible taste it has, this is more like an energy type drink.
I was excited to give these a try... They arrived nice an cold from the UPS man so I quickly popped a can open and boy was I surprised... This does not taste like Tea nor the claimed Peach or Mango... It was very sour and bitter and was not sweet at all. I guess I am a spoiled southerner with my sweet tea but I tried to drink this on 5 other occasions along with a workout to try to get a boost of energy but I just cant stomach the taste. Adding sugar or anything to try to make it taste better would go against everything that the drink stands for and then some so these are definitely a no go in my book.
I was intrigued by the claim that this non-carbonated but caffeinated drink would actually burn calories although I wouldn't quite know how to really prove or disprove that it does. But I found it interesting enough to order this "dietary supplement", as it says on the can. At the very least I figured it would be healthy (green tea and acai) and taste great given that it contains: No sugar, no Aspartame, no preservatives, very low sodium, no high fructose corn syrup and no artificial colors or flavors.But I was in for a surprise - it tasted awful. Imagine a can of carbonated soda that was opened and then sat out on a table for a day and you get a pretty good idea of what this tastes like. Very flat and simply not good. Both my husband and I tossed it after just one sip. Even if it burned double the calories it claims to burn, I highly doubt I could down the entire 12 oz or even just a third of it. Maybe if it were carbonated that would help but honestly: Save yourself the money, this is NOT good.
Obviously I can't attest to the calorie-burning claims of this product, but I did wonder if it would give me an energy boost to overcome that afternoon slump, but I didn't even notice that benefit.In addition, I did not like the taste AT ALL.  Even if I did see a huge energy/calorie burning benefit, I probably wouldn't drink it.The peachy mango taste is so fake and gross.I tried it cold out of the fridge and at room temperature. If I had to drink it, I'd drink it room temperature.
I would have been hideously disappointed if I had paid retail for this at the store.  It sounds so exotic and healthful.  It turns out to taste like watered-down pineapple juice with a slight hint of bitter/vegetable-ness that keeps it from being kiddy fruit punch.  Measure for measure it has as many sugar calories as a soft drink.  The fact that it contains Vitamin C and some tiny amounts of other vitamins and minerals hardly justify its health claims.  Then there is the non-recyclable aseptic packaging, coupled to the thousands of miles it had to be transported to our shelves... No, no.Next time I'm in the mood for fruit, I'll stick to something wholesome and local, like an organic apple.  Next time I'm in the mood for juice, I'll choose something half as expensive and twice as flavorful as this O.N.E..
I like to try new things, so I was very open to this exotic-sounding drink.  However, I have to report that this product was a real disappointment.ONE cashew juice tastes a lot like the juice packed with canned pears or peaches, just more watered down and with an unpleasant musky aftertaste. My mom and sister tried it, too, and we all agreed that a sip was more than enough. I actually poured the last half of the container down the sink (and I NEVER waste food-- it just was not something I wanted to put into my body/seemed somewhere between "bland" and "yuck").This drink is made of cashew juice, water, and cane sugar- lots of sugar. I'm not sure what I would think if it wasn't so watered down and musky. As it is, I have to vote that it is definitely not worth the price.I also am bothered when products make crazy health claims.  This product had a bit of that snake-oil salesman stuff in the product information, claiming that it will cure all sorts of health problems. With no proof to back that up, I think it is just plain wrong.I did enjoy a review sample of coffeeberry juice by the same company O.N.E. Coffee Fruit, 11-Ounce Aseptic Containers (Pack of 12)e, so I would recommend that as a better unique drink to sample-- if you have some extra money in your pocket!
Though touted as "One Natural Experience", this product is made from cashew-fruit puree, and has added sugar ("organic sugar cane juice") and citric acid. It has a lot of vitamin C, but there are other, less-expensive fruit products with substantial vitamin C. It has a little calcium and an even smaller amount of iron.The taste is reminiscent of peach or apricot nectar, though not as strongly flavored. I'd rather have those.If O.N.E. Cashew Juice were 50 cents, it might be worth considering as an alternative to soft drinks. But at nearly $2, it's outrageously overpriced. You'd be better off grabbing apples, bananas, or navel oranges in the produce section.
This has a fragrance and a taste that is offputting to me, I've tried it several times - hot, iced, sweetened, not, additions of cream, lemon - and I just can't get past that "whang" it has.  I'm sure others probably love it but I won't be buying it again.
I love coffee...and I love tea, but this really left me wondering what I was drinking and why.  It isn't either one really, and didn't catch my interest as something novel and new either.Unfortunately, none of my taste test victims were thrilled with it either, whether they were coffee or tea fans.  I can't recommend it.  It just didn't please our palates.
I'll have to pass this on to someone to try out, as I have no access to an espresso machine (who actually has one of those???).  The package looks nice...
This is a premium Rooibos herbal tea (with no caffeine) marketed as red espresso. The manufacturer recommends preparing this using an espresso machine but I prepared this as regular tea and it works great. It is good quality herbal tea that is rich in antioxidants that are known to scavenge tissue damaging free radicals. The health benefits of these compounds should persuade a health conscious person to try this product. Priced at $[...] for a pack of 2 (8.8 OZ each), I would say it is pricey for two bags of herbal tea. Other websites marketing herbal tea sell similar product at a much lower price.
Bought because I love Kona coffee however I tasted nothing of the distinctive flavours of that blend. In fact tasted no flavour at all. Unfortunately now stuck with 2 boxes that no one will drink. Will stick with the emeril's from now on.
I was shopping in my local grocery store and passed by an endcap with this coffee.  It smelled so good, and was strong in a good way.  I could smell it through the box.So...I ordered it here.  Much to my dismay, the coffee I thought was so great tastes terrible.  It has a burned flavor.  The beans used to make this coffee must have been over-roasted big time!  I won't be buying this flavor again.
Do NOT buy this product.  Although Amazon is showing the Classic Hazelnut flavor, they are shipping the regular Hazelnut flavor.  The regular flavor is terrible and tastes like 1/2 peanut butter.I wish Torani would stop messing with their flavors and/or test them with someone who can taste.  This tastes nothing like hazelnut.  It tastes like some kind of sweet chemical caramel flavor dominated by an off peanut butter taste.If you want the REAL hazelnut taste, look for "Classic" Hazelnut.  Unfortunately, you cannot trust Amazon to ship you the right version.  I have purchased this several times in past years, but now I receive the regular Hazelnut.This is just like the Caramel versus Classic Caramel debacle I experienced with Amazon last year.  If you use the subscribe and save, you will really be screwed because ALL grocery items are non-returnable.I suggest you buy at a local grocery store to be sure you are getting the CLASSIC Hazelnut flavor.  Hopefully, in 6 months and enough customer complaints, Amazon will fix this.  They also need to fire their Torani rep who keeps supplying Amazon with the wrong product or is "helping" by switching to new formulations.
It's pretty easy to make a simple, tasty vinaigrette. I'm going to give you my secret recipe.Chop two cloves of garlic fine. Put in a bottle or jar, add a pinch of kosher salt and a half cup of good balsamic vinegar. Cover and shake. Then let sit ten minutes. Then add one cup of good olive oil and some fresh ground pepper. Cover and shake again. Store in your refrigerator as long as you need it.This Napa Garden salad dressing mix isn't that much easier and doesn't taste as fresh. The key problem is that the mix uses dried herbs. And too many of them. The result is a taste very much like a bottled italian dressing. Great. You can make your own Italian bottled dressing, just like you would buy in the store.And because there are so many herbs, the taste gets muddled and over done. The addition of dried tomato doesn't help and simply makes it seem all the more like a bottled dressing.I followed the instructions on the bottle, adding the mix to two different kinds of vinegar and then oil, all of which I had to measure. I never measure my vinaigrette. So this preparation didn't really save any time.And it didn't taste that good.Why would I bother? Why should you bother?
We searched for a long time to supply our teenage sons with the Teriyaki Beef Jerky that they crave. Local grocer brands have too much salt, MSG and other additives.Mr. Z's Teriyaki Grass-Fed Beef Jerky sounded the perfect other option since it was made from healthier cows. So why did they spoil it by adding all the nitrates, MSG, hydrolyzed soy protein and high salt content? This jerky is also much too tough for our liking. Taste and ingredients are no different then what is found at any grocer.We found the best natural jerky at Trader Joes. We were hopeful that maybe we found another supplier when TJ's is sold out(which is often). However, after trying Mr Z's, we will stock up on a summer supply of the healthier, softer chew and tastier beef jerky at TJ's.
When I ordered the MR. Z PREMIUM BEEF JERKY, I was attracted to the fact that it was listed as premium high quality grass fed beef.  The only places that tend to use grain fed high quality beef are those who are honoring a health oriented diet- or so it OFTEN goes.  I expected it to be relatively safe to eat- safe from chemicals and lacking in some ingredients shown to be bad for health.With MR. Z, this is not the case.When I got my package of Mr. Z Teriyaki Beef Jerky, I was very disturbed to see what they are calling *premium grass-fed beef* is polluted with all kinds of bad ingredients- among them MSG, sugar, glycol propylene, sodium nitrite and caramel color.Some people might not mind this, but if you are at all health conscious as I am, this is quite disturbing.TASTE TESTI took a taste of this jerky so I could let you all know what it is like and the effect was awful at best.Initially, the flavor is a flat flavor, barely any beef at all. Then comes the sickening sweet flavor of sweetened soy sauce followed by an acrid fizzy flavor of MSG- yes, you CAN taste MSG.Unfortunately, the MSG is so strong that it has stayed in my throat fizzing and feeling icky for over a half hour now.  I also experienced some dizziness and heart palpitations- very typical of high MSG content in something for me.TEXTUREThe texture of this jerky is moist and easy to chew- not leathery like some jerky is.  There is a lot of salt as well, not unusual for jerky type products.  The color is very reddish caramel color- from the coloring added, I am sure.FINAL COMMENTSThe package instructs you to use up all opened packages in three days unless you plan to refrigerate it, however, no mention of a time frame of refrigeration is mentioned once opened.I am very repulsed by this product.  Although I am not a big meat eater, I don't mind an occasional bite of good quality grass fed game meat or organic meat or wild game meat or meat product once in a great while.This MR.Z Beef Jerky is terrible.  I can not recommend this to anyone- if nothing else based upon the high MSG content alone.
Ok, when you start screwing with the original delicious flavor of cashews, then you are experimenting randomly.  These do not taste good!  Plain and simple.  Pepper belongs on eggs only and NOT on cashews.  There is a tangy citrisy flavor that doesn't make it either.I honestly say, I tried a handful, husband tried a handful and we said, NO WAY!  The claim is SEA Salt, whatever that is;  I know I wouldn't drink sea water, so why would I like SEA Salt.  The cashews are hot and spicy and overall, the heavy seasonings take away the original flavor, and without original flavor you have something completely different.Cashews generally are a good source of snacks and these have no transfat which is good.  It's a good thing I have a few enemies in my lifetime, because they will deserve these!....Rizzo
The product description currently states that these nuts have "a hint of pepper."  Don't you believe it.  There's at least as much pepper on these as there is salt, and there's too much of both.  I can't taste anything but the pepper when I eat them, and they're so salty that I'm thirsty afterwards.  This is a terrible product, and the company needs to seriously scale back their seasonings.
We have picked up a number of Emerald nuts recently.  We liked Emerald Cocoa Roast Almonds, 11oz Canister (Pack of 4) and absolutely loved Emerald Marcona Almonds, 11.5oz Canister (Pack of 4), but we did not care for these at all. I have no problem with the quality of the product, but I do have a problem with the recipe.In theory pepper and sea salt sounded like a great combination.  Salty with a slight peppery taste sounded great, but in reality, the pepper was overwhelming. Everyone in our family tried them and no one cared for them. The sea salt alone would have been good, and even a lighter coating of pepper would have been okay.We love Emerald nuts in general, this one just wasn't a hit with our family.
After having the privilege to test Emerald's Marcona Almonds, I was very much looking forward to testing their Sea Salt and Pepper Cashews.  In fact, when the box came in the mail, I raced to open it so I could try out these little gems.Unfortunately, what I expected to be a favorable experience turned out to be terrible.My first taste of these nuts was like having orange pith (the white part between the peel and the orange) fried in oil, doused in a vat of salt and sugar and dipped in black pepper.  There is virtually no cashew flavor left in these little nuts.I love cashews.  I have eaten them raw and roasted in many ways for years.  This experience with Emerald Sea Salt and Pepper Cashews was an assault on my taste buds.The salt with citric acid combination is terrible.  When you combine it with the maltodextrin AND sugar, the cashew flavor is corrupted beyond recognition.  Then adding the black pepper makes it even worse.  A handful of these *nuts* is like dumping a salt shaker in your mouth.  It is almost repulsive.The nuts themselves are pretty greasy as well.I am very sorry that these cashews were treated this way.I would have preferred the graceful simplicity of simple roasted cashews with a DUSTING of sea salt and black pepper over them- nothing more.  The sugar and maltodextrin ruin this mix- and the addition of citric acid makes the finish quite bitter.  I do not like these at all.If you love sweet things and don't mind bitterness and a mouth full of salt, you might enjoy these.  However, if you love cashews and prefer the seasonings to COMPLIMENT them instead of overpower them, pass on these.
First off, let's start with the product description for these cashews that appears on the product page: "Lightly roasted with natural sea salt and a hint of pepper - Value added seasoning for the consumer who is tired of plain old cashews." From reading that description, one would assume that these cashews have "a hint of pepper." That is not the case. These cashews are LOADED with pepper. When I first opened the container and saw these nuts, it looked like someone had wet them and dredged them in black pepper. And believe me...You can taste the pepper; and it stays with you. Very, very spicy. Too much so for me. I also agree with other reviewers who have said the nuts are too salty. WAY too salty, with 270mg of sodium in a single 1 oz. serving. Now, back to the "value added seasoning" description...Nowhere in the product description does it mention that these nuts have SUGAR added to them. Sugar? With salt and pepper? Add that to the "granulated onion" that also appears on the list of ingredients and maybe you can understand what I mean when I say that there's just a bit too much going on here flavorwise. You can't even taste the nuts!! I love cashews. And I love seasoned cashews. But these just don't make the grade. I think my biggest complaint is definitely the amount of pepper that are on these. It's WAY more than a "hint." Stay away from these nuts unless you want to make your taste buds very, very angry and give yourself some major heartburn.
They took a great nut-and ruined it by putting too much salt & pepper on it.  Usually one nut leads to another -- for those on a diet, try this nut, it will curb your desire for seconds.
I love cashews and I've loved other Emerald cashews I've tried....but these are just too darned salty (and I love salt). The pepper further adds to the problem. There's just not a lot of cashew taste, because the sea salt and the pepper overpower the taste of the nuts.I would not purchase these in the store - especially since our local Kroger sells other similar Emerald brands for $6.99 for the 10 oz cannister. That's just too much money for a mouthful of salt.
I love cashews, but Emerald Sea Salt and Pepper Cashews have too much pepper on them for me.  They look dirty, taste peppery, and leave a burning sensation in my mouth.  The pepper takes over completely and there is very little actual cashew-taste.Emerald has some good products, like the Emerald Marcona Almonds, but this time I think they are trying too hard to be different.  I am definitely disappointed and would not buy this product.PS.  I rinsed them off and they tasted fine.  (Hardly an endorsement.)
I love cashews, was VERY hungry when I opened the container, and was ready to scarf down a handful of these!Unfortunately, they are nothing like "sea salt and pepper" flavor. This is one of those weird combos of ingredients that end up tasting very artificial.  In fact, the coating of sugar, granulated onion, and salt even has a strange texture that feels sort of plastic-y on the tongue and does not seem to dissolve.  The ingredient list is ridiculously long for a product marketed to appear simple and natural.  Why was all the artificial and processed junk added, when the basics of cashews, salt, and pepper could have been so tasty?If these had truly been as advertised I'm sure I would have eaten half the container. :)  Instead, I was only able to eat 3-4 nuts, then closed up the container.  When I find time I'll try rinsing them off with hot water in a colander so that they don't have to go to waste.On a positive note, the packaging is nice-- reseals easily and is convenient.
I love salted cashew nuts spiced up with cayenne pepper, but this product is way too salty and hot. Cayenne pepper powder and salt lumps were found at the bottom of the canister. The product description says, it has "a hint of pepper," but this is an understatement. I have to say this is not one of the best Emerald products.1.Cashew Party Bag - 5 lbs.2. Whole Cashews, Rstd/Salted 8 oz.3.Snacking Sensations-Almond Brothers Gourmet Nut Tray4.Pecan Paradise-Almond Brothers Gourmet Pecan Tray5. Everybody's Pistachios-SALT + Pepper
as another reviewer stated, my family also tested Emeralds Macona Almonds and loved them. So I was excited to try these cashews as cashews are my favorite nut.  Sadly, this product is a big time disappointment.Like many companies, Emerald is now trying the "if "blank" sells well, then "blank" with crazy added seasonings will be better".  When it's not true-it takes the simple and delicious cashew and douses it with so much seasoning that the cashew itself can no longer even be tasted.  If you like cashews then skip this product and stick with this companies simply roasted cashews instead.
I love Cashews, but this product SUCKED! It had too much Pepper. I washed them off and put them in the toaster oven to freshen them up. Now they are semi descent.
When I got these nuts I expected what the description said,sea salt and a 'hint' of pepper.Instead I got a salty,hot assault on my taste buds.There is no taste of cashew left.All you get is an overpowering hot,peppery mess.I would never buy these and do not recommend that you buy them either,unless all you want is heat.Then I recommend you stick your tongue in your car's cigarette lighter.The resulting taste is about the same.
I gave this an honest try, actually one and a half tries.  The second time I fixed a bowl, the dehydrated berries, strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries exploded into the milk and I had pink milk!  Not to appetizing. Dehydrated berries are not favorable to me.  I'll go buy fresh if I need.The Back to Nature Summer Berry Blend cereal has too much sugar, 17g sweetened with natural ingredients, natural or unnatural, it's too sweet.  I don't use sugar in my cereal.The multigrain flakes are hard and yet with a maple brown sugar taste.  Sorry, but I can do without dehydrated berries and maple brown sugar flakes.  .....Rizzo
Bearing in mind that reviewing food is quite subjective, I have to say I didn't care for this cereal at all.  I found it too sweet, with an overwhelming strawberry taste (and the strawberries became slimy very quickly), and the flakes were crunchy to the point of hardness with a pronounced unpleasant aftertaste.  I was disappointed to have this reaction because I had been looking forward to trying this cereal. I love strawberries and other berries, enjoy most breakfast cereals that have flakes of grain, but, no, I was not a happy camper with this cereal.
I hope the FDA gets busy and starts to more closely monitor companies and the products that they put out in the market with marketing key words like "Natural" and beautiful "Green Inspired" packaging.  Bottom line this product is not for those individuals like yours truly that are actively living a healthy lifestyle.  This cereal is loaded with SUGAR and even more disquised as added Carbohydrates.  Sugar is the worse enemy in maintaining good health and a healthy lifestyle.  I suggest people get themselves more familiar with nutritional values and breakdowns so that products such as these are for those ho live to eat rather than those that eat to live!
Since my family and I had decided to live 2009 healthier, I was all geared up to try out this cereal. But what a disappointment it turned out to be!About the only thing I can describe it as was that it was like eating cardboard. There was very little flavor despite including dried berries with maple and brown sugar!  And a single bite would take forever (or so it seemed) to choke down.Sadly, this is one item we will not be adding to our pantry in our effort to live healthier.
This is simply awful. This Back to Nature product comes in a plain paper package with the words nature, natural, whole grain, and wholesome abundantly splashed on the package. What a disappointment. This "cereal" is 30 percent sugar, e.g., 17 grams of sugar of a total of 55 grams per cup. This is more sugar than in a tablespoon of granulated sugar which comes in at only 13 grams. By contrast, Cheerios has 1 gram of sugar per cup and Shredded Wheat has 0 grams of sugar. Back to Nature uses at least six different kinds of sweeteners including: malted barley syrup, evaporated cane juice, molasses, grape juice, brown sugar, and honey. It may not be corn syrup, but it certainly is not wholesome. Sugar has been associated with diabetes, obesity, hyperactivity in children, and may be addictive. Why would you want to eat this stuff?
This brand of cereals is marketed in relatively a small box. The cereals are glazed, moderately sweet but hard to bite. You can pick each cereal with your fingers like a penny and it feels hard. It has dried strawberries which add some fruity flavor. I would recommend adding extra sugar when you add milk. This product has no special feature that makes it to stand in a crowded market place full of different brands cereals and breakfast food.1,Kellogs Nutri Grain Cereal Bars 48 Count Variety Box2.Hi-Country Cereal Mix3.6 Grain Rolled Cereal Mix - Bulk 50 Pound Bag4.Kashi Heart to Heart Honey Toasted Oat Cereal, 12.4-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)5.Kellogg's Product 19 Cereal, 12-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 4)6.Post Waffle Crisp Cereal, 13.75-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 5)7.General Mills Cereal Breakfast Pack, 1.14-Ounce Boxes in 8-Count Packages (Pack of 5)
There is nothing healthy about "Newtons Fruit Crisps".  They are effectively pure sugar.  The first three ingredients are: "Enriched Flour, Sugar, Invert Sugar".  I'm afraid adding a little "apple powder" and "apple puree" isn't going to add any significant nutrient value to this refined carbohydrate poison.  Each "serving" is 8 grams of sugar with no fiber at all.Now if you don't care about health at all and actually eat these... they are not "crisp", they are somewhat chewy with ok flavor.  I can imagine these being like "Pop Tarts", an item which can sit on your shelf for *years* and still be edible.  There is nothing fresh or real about these.If you are looking for something similar to Fig Newtons look elsewhere.  "Fruit Crisps" are nothing like Fig Newtons.Enjoy them if you wish, but I think I'll just throw the rest of the box in the trash.
Pluses: Crispy, as advertised. Texture, mouth-feel are good.Minuses: Tastes fake, too sweet.My take is get fig newtons... they're good.
This is a toaster pastry (pop tarts), which comes in 1.5 x 3.5 inch little bars. It has crunchy outer crisps covering the inner fruity Apple Cinnamon. It tastes "raw" if you eat this without toasting them. Toasting adds a little extra flavor and the warm crisps feels and tastes good. I did not find anything great when I compare this product with other toaster pastries available in the market. I hope you are fan of pop tarts and appreciate the taste of this snack.1.KELLOGG SNACKS (KEEBLER) 31132 "POP TARTS" CINNAMON FLAVORED TOASTER PASTRIES 3.67Oz.2.KEB31732 - Kelloggs Pop Tarts Toaster Pastries, Strawberry3.KELLOGG SNACKS (KEEBLER) 3800019721 POP TARTS (Pack of 6)4.Nature's Path Organic Frosted Strawberry Toaster Pastries, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)5.Nature's Path Organic Frosted  Cherry Pomegranate, 6-Count Box (Pack of 12)6.Nature's Path Organic Toaster Pastries, 24 Strawberry & 12 Blueberry Frosted (Total 36 counts)
I love the speed and agility, as it were, of the Nescafe Dolce Gusto brewer. I accept the limitations as a trade-off for convenience. I do not like this flavor.Not every product can be translated into a single-cup device. In this case, the process for making the drink is the same for the other two-capsule drinks (cappuccino, latte machiatto and others). However, the goal here is to create a kind of frothy hot chocolate. It does that as it should. The problem is the taste.A good hot chocolate earns its designation by using good chocolate and good milk. This provided neither. It tastes artificial on every level.At least the coffee products they offer use real coffee. Those resemble more of a better version of a gas station cappuccino. The Chococino resembles hot chocolate made from Count Chocula cereal.--Brockeim
I love soda probably more than I should and one of my favorite flavors for it is cherry. But this soda was sickeningly sweet. I had a Cherokee Red and then this and the Switch tasted like bad cough syrup. I know they claim that it's only good ingredients and nothing bad for you in it, but that makes me wonder how the heck their getting this so sweet. Maybe if they dialed the sweetness back it would be OK. But as is, I tossed most of this down my kitchen sink and that's a cardinal sin in my house.
The initial taste does hint of black cherry, but then the apple and grape juice filler comes to fore and dominates the after-taste.  It has a slight metallic taste and is not very pleasant.  The carbonation offers no benefit in the taste or feel category.  The price is high - about $1 per 8 oz can.  If I want juice, I'll stick with real juice without the carbonation.
I got a can in the mail. Open the can and saw that the calories are from 35 grams of sugar (fruit juice) and nothing else, I thought to myself, this is all sugar melted in water and carbonated, I drank a sip and could already feel sticky in my mouth on the teeth. It's going to rot my teeth for sure and leave a sticky mouth feel. Carbonated just not like what I would call a good carbonation like soda or mountain dew. It's less carbonation than those but has as much sugar or more than a can of soda. This is just sugar water. And, you can basically imagine, putting 35 grams (about 35 teaspoon of sugar, melt it in a warm water and then cool it, and that'd be exactly what this is... less the carbonation). I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. it will shoot you through sugar high and make you crashing down like make you fall asleep while driving.
Some may like this product but I'm not one of them. I've tried three different flavors and have found all of them to be too sweet anand consequently are not good at quenching one's thirst. The size is nice but really, that's the only good thing I can say about this product. Note, this is a very subjective review and others may love "Switch", just not me.
The Switch Orange Tangerine looked very promising. 100% juice, with some zippy carbonation. I placed it in the fridge, and let it get a nice chill. Hours later, I popped the top, and my wife and I sampled...And it tasted like drinking furniture polish. It's not like we we're searching for derogatory statements about Switch. Here is how the conversation went:Wife takes a swig, looks at me with eyes all googled. "Yuck. It tastes like furniture polish."I take the can from her, thinking she must be insane. I chug some down. "Ah, yeah...it does taste like furniture polish."We poured the remainder down the drain. If you enjoy drinking cold tangerine flavored furniture polish, by all means...BTW, this drink left a nasty aftertaste...still belching it up.
I didn't like this carbonated juice.  Although it appears to be all juice (not artificial flavors) it tastes somewhat artificial.  Perhaps it tastes more like canned orange juice (which tastes NOTHING like REAL orange juice)!  I fully expected to like this as I do like fizzy fruit juice drinks.  This one did not do it for me.
I could not finish this drink, it is like drinking orange syrup. It may not have any added sugar in it but one can of 8.3 ounces has 34 sugar grams and 36 carbs. I'll stick to water when I want to quench my thirst!
This product taste like an orange juice, an artificial one but with less sugar and less flavor I didn't like it.
It is a good thing the can is so small. The product is several cuts below Sunny Delight. Terrible!
These are definitely not worth close to a dollar a piece.  If they were at my local grocery, I might give twenty to thirty cents per can for them.  I didn't really like the flavor that well, but if you did, they might even worth up to fifty cents per can.  Otherwise, pass these up.
I wrote a 5 star review of the Kiwi Berry flavor.  That isn't usually my favorite flavor of anything, but it was surprisingly good.Orange Tangerine (which would generally be among my first picks of fruit-flavored beverages is flat by comparison -- literally.It seemed to lack the right amount of carbonation.  It also tastes weaker and too sweet.Try the Kiwi Berry instead.
Yeah it's gluten free and whatever, but unless that's a really big issue for you and you're having trouble finding sugary drinks to enjoy on your gluten-free diet, there's no real draw to this drink over say, orange fanta or any number of other carbonated juice type drinks. I thought it was massively overly sweet, and I have something of a sweet tooth. The orange flavor wasn't particularly authentic or delicious, and it left a sour aftertaste. I got a free sample this time, and I cannot see actually paying money to buy this product again. On an environmental note, packaging and shipping these things in tiny little cans makes for more waste, and I don't appreciate that either. Not a fan.
This is not orange and tangerine juice; it's mainly apple and grape juice flavored with orange and tangerine. And I really don't care about the vitamin C content; vitamin C is easy to get.What I do care about is that this is definitely the worst-tasting soda of any type that I have ever tried. I couldn't pour it down the drain fast enough.
I was offered the opportunity to taste this product because of Vine. I would not normally purchase this type of product, so my review and opinion will be biased in that regard.I'm not a big soda drinker, I'd just rather drink water or coffee. I will occasionally drink a diet soft drink, usually Diet Pepsi or Diet Coke.Did you know that a single 12oz can of Coke Classic has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar? This 8oz can of Switch has 140 calories and 34grams of sugar. And this is healthy? 4 ounces less is size, same caloric content and more sugar per ounce that Classic Coke. OK, so it's not "added" sugar, but still, that's a lot of sugar. 100% Orange juice, 8 oz, has 120 calories and 28 grams of sugar.The can says it is "Orange Tangerine" but in fact the contents are #1: Water #2: Concentrates of Apple, Grape, Tangerine, Orange, and Acerola juices. Then they throw in some "gum acacia", "natural flavors and colors" and some "ascorbic acid(vitamin C)". And as a little surprise bonus, they have added "soy". Soy?I asked my wife to taste this product with me. I poured the drink into two glasses and we both took a sip. Her reaction was swift and strong... she hated it. I agreed with her. It was for me, sickly sweet and left a sugary aftertaste in my mouth. Not only that, but the taste was just nasty. It didn't taste at all like orange or tangerine to me. It just tasted terribly sweet with an undefined cirtus something taste. The carbonation did not add anything positive to the experience. Neither of us finished drinking our 4oz portion. It went down the sink.I would not purchase this product in the future and if I could have given it 0-stars, I would have. It's that bad.
I've tried other flavors of Switch carbonated juice drinks and have enjoyed them. However, this particular flavor of orange tangerine was way too sweet. I felt like I was drinking some sort of carbonated orange ade drink and could barely get it down. While I would probably purchase the other flavors of Switch, I definitely would not purchase this one.
I didn't like this drink at all! It had a very strange, almost chemically taste to it. I also didn't appreciate Switch marketing itself as "all-natural" but had ingredients like "natural flavors and colors". What are they?? Are they even natural?? I even let my three year old try it but she couldn't even swallow it and spit it out in the sink. Too bad. It would have been a good alternative to sodas but not with this horrible taste. My daughter and I much prefer the OOba Hibiscus drink.
I have a big sweet tooth and thought I would really like this, but it was too sweet even for me. I even tried adding water, but that didn't help. I haven't tried any of the other flavors, so I can't comment on the brand in general, but I'll never try this flavor again.
I tried this along with two of my children and we all agreed that it tastes like spoiled OJ but fizzier. Maybe it would be an acquired taste but I won't  be drinking it again to find out.Oddly enough the black cherry version is quite good.
I was completely put off by SWITCH KIWI BERRY. Another entry into the already boring sparkling juice market, this flavor not only lacked anything new or interesting, but went a step further in its poor flavor.I didn't really taste kiwi, and the "berry" was bland and unidentifiable (raspberry and strawberry, according to the ingredients list); it was, like most of these juices on the market, mostly apple and grape and not much in the way of uniqueness. In fact, the can I tried actually had a metallic flavor to it--I don't know if it was actually picking up the tang from the container, or if it's just the poor flavor profile of the beverage. I really don't care enough to try it again to find out.Also, I don't know why they're calling this line SWITCH. It's probably a marketing thing--they want people to "switch" from IZZE or whatever they currently drink. I won't be switching anytime soon, at least not for this boring, low-quality drink.
I tried this, just one can, and am glad I had not bought more.  I do admire the company for coming up with an alternative to typical soft drinks but it's not for me.  I'd describe it as a sickeningly sweet syrup with very little carbonation added.  Plenty of carbonation is essential to a soft drink, it makes it sparkly and refreshing, plus it counteracts the sweetness.  As I said I'm glad it was just one can, my only regret is that I wasted 1.5 ounces of perfectly good vodka trying to make it more palatable and it didn't.
Summary:  way too sweet, no berry/kiwi flavor, small serving.Upon first taste, both of us found this juice to be excessively concentrated sweetness.  Additionally, both of us detected no hint of berry or kiwi flavor.  Neither of these problems is surprising when looking at the ingredients.  It is made from juice concentrates + water to reconstitute, and the first two juices are apple and grape, so no wonder it tastes like apple (or white grape).  The mild carbonation that is there is insufficient to cut the excessive sugariness of this juice, which makes it have a very thick and non-refreshing mouth-feel.  I think it needs more carbonated water (or serve with crushed ice and let it melt for a while), and it definitely needs more actual  kiwi and berry fruit flavor.Next we compared Switch Kiwi Berry to Trader Joe's similar Strawberry Kiwi Juice.  The Trader Joe's juice actually tastes like strawberry & kiwi, and is not too sweet, and not too thick on the tongue to be refreshing.  So it is possible to make a juice of these flavors that is actually good.Finally, it is in a very stylish slim can, which means that it does not hold very much: 8 oz specifically (the usual canned soft drink contains 12 oz).By the way, fruit sugar (fructose) is still sugar, and this drink is full of it.  When they say "no *added* sugar", that means they didn't add any *more* to the overly sweet apple and grape concentrates they were using, which is not the same thing as saying "no sugar" or "no sucrose" (table sugar).disclaimer: we do not drink sugary soft drinks, so if you do, you may like this one.
Short on flavor and not as advertised. Says no sugar but doesn't admit to the sugar found in the concentrated juices. My teens felt it was just ok with the flavor. I did not like it at all. Is it better than drinking pop? Probably but does the high price warrant the small differences?
This 8.3 Fl oz can packs a walloping 135 calories.  Switch's can claims that it contains no added sugar or corn syrup and provides 100% of one's daily Vitamin C; it is made with 100% juice plus carbonation and is all natural.This drink cloyingly sweet and tastes like a kiddie drink (think dissolved lollipops). I prefer getting my Vitamin C from orange or grapefruit juice.  Lots of fruit juices are available that are natural, e.g., cranberry, apple, etc.
Whose crazy idea was this?  Someone who used to work for Bear Sterns or AIG selling derivatives?  Or is this Bernie Madoff's way of getting back at us all from jail?  Why take a nice juice like Kiwi Berry and add carbonation to it?Not only is is toooo sweet for a refreshing drink the carbonation makes me want to lose it.  The two things you can say for it is that it's ONLY 8.3 ounces (why not 8.2 or 8.7) or 245 ml (why not 250), and the can is returnable for a 5 cent deposit.It's not that this small amount has 33grams of sugar, it's that it's like chewing gum, the flavor lasts and lasts and lasts...rinse out with mouthwash or beer to get rid of it.  Yuch.Zeb Kantrowitz
What is supposed to be the purpose of this soda? "100% juice"--but not 100% of what's on the front of the label. Kiwi, raspberry, and strawberry juice concentrates are lesser ingredients; apple and grape juice are in the majority. And so what if it has 100% of the RDA of Vitamin C. So do a lot of other things. Is it possible to OD on vitamin C?The bottom line, though, is no matter what the combination of juices is, it tastes like cheap candy. Not pleasant at all.
This product is carbonated and 100% fruit juice with NO high fructose corn syrup. It has packs 140 calories in a little over 8 oz. of product.I prefer my drinks with 0 calories or just plain water.The taste wasn't pleasing to me and it left an unpleasant aftertaste. Also, the sweetness of the drink made it less than a thirst quencher.
I did not find this drink special in terms of taste; it is kiwi juice infused with carbonation, and a burst of strawberry. Carbonation makes the juice acidic and produces stronger effect on taste buds than the fruit juice.  It does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free, no sugar and no artificial flavors. I hope other reviewers find this drink a little more interesting.1.IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Clementine, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)2.The Switch Watermelon Strawberry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)3.The Switch Black Cherry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)4.The Switch Fruit Punch, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)5.The Switch Grape, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)6.Vita Coco Coconut Water with Passion Fruit, 11.2-Ounce Containers (Pack of 12)7.IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Clementine, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)
I find this product to be too sweet and syrupy and consequently does not quench my thirst. The size is nice but that's the only thing I liked about it. This is a subjective review of course and other's may love this product, just not me.
The label says it's Watermelon and Strawberry but I did not taste either one of these flavors.  I did taste adulterated grape and apple and something "musty like".  There wasn't really any carbonation either. With the lack of a great flavor and at 140 Calories for this tiny little can of 8.3 ounces with 36 grams of carbs and 35 grams of sugar (albeit natural fruit sugars), I'd rather have a glass of water.  It's wonderful that they do not use any added sugars or corn syrup or preservatives but the flavor and calorie count of this drink just does not justify consuming it.  Then you have to consider the high cost to buy it.....  . NO....I will not be buying this drink EVER again!  The concept of it is marvelous but the follow through...not good!!
I was unimpressed with SWITCH WATERMELON/STRAWBERRY. It's just another entry into the sparkling juice market--a market that really didn't need another brand, especially not one lacking in anything new or interesting.Like all the other sparkling juice drinks, its flavor comes mostly from apple and grape juice concentrates; the flavors on the label are only a small part of the ingredients list. The result is that this doesn't really taste like watermelon OR strawberry.  Instead, it fits some food scientist's "flavor profile" of those two tastes, kind of watermelon-ish, kind of strawberry-ish, but lacking in both. The flavor is just not anything to shout about, and no better than the other products on the market.I'm also not sure why it's called SWITCH. I guess it's a marketing thing--they want people to "switch" from IZZE or whatever they currently drink. Well, I know that *I* won't be switching anytime soon, at least not for this boring, low-quality drink.
I'm sorry I opted for this item.  I got only one can but it apparently counts as a full case.Just as well, I didn't care for the taste.  Much too sweet.
Picked this item on amazon. Sounded really good because I like fruit juice. It is marketed as a way to SWITCH from regular soda to fruit juice. Like others have said, it's too sweet, sweet, sweet and does not have a "natural" watermelon/strawberry flavor.Your kids might like it if you're trying to get them off the phoney stuff (coke, squirt, etc.), but......you're better off with making your own juice and adding a bit of seltzer water....oh, now that's yummy!!! I'd recommend staying away from this product and perhaps drinking the best available: H2O
Yikes. It might not have high fructose corn syrup, but you wouldn't know it from the taste. Really, really sticky sweet, and no discernible fizz on the tongue. You can see a few languid bubbles when you pour it in the glass, but it's nothing you notice in the drinking.  It's at least twice as sweet as Kool-aid and every bit as fizzy. You could cut it with about 2/3 soda water and it might bring the sugar down and the fizz up to an appropriate level for adult consumption. Now that I think of it, I wish I had tried that--it's more a flavored syrup than an actual beverage.
I can honestly sayThe Switch's Watermelon Strawberry flavoris terrible.It has 4 main ingredients1. Carbonated water2. these juice concentrates - Strawberry, Watermelon, Grape, Acerola, And Apple3. Natural Flavors4. Vitamin CYet TheWatermelon Strawberry flavoris terrible and tastes too artificial. You'd think with all these natural, real ingredients, It would taste real. All I basically tasted was the Watermelon. It's flavor overpowered the Strawberry flavor. Sorry, I can't recommend this flavor
I received a can of the Switch watermelon strawberry soda through the Amazon Vine program.  The can, slim with a normal soda can height, contains 8.3 oz.  The ingredient listing shows mostly fruit concentrates. Plus the packaging is enticing with all its promises of a healthy alternative.This may be a natural soda, but it tastes like an artificially sweetened diet soda.  The combination of juice to carbonation is good, but the watermelon strawberry flavor is overwhelmed with sweetness.I compared the nutritional label to a can of Coke and Dr. Pepper.  Even though these are not considered healthy alternatives, Coke and Dr. Pepper both have about 27g of sugar per 8oz serving.  At 35g per 8.3oz serving, the Switch soda has about 8 more grams of sugar.  With this difference, it's not difficult to see why it tastes so sweet.I wouldn't drink another of these.  I couldn't even finish this one, it's far too sweet.PROS:100% naturalNo preservatives or artificial colorsNo sugar addedCONS:Sickenly sweetTastes artificialHigh sugar content
It's like eating whey Grass with carbonation.  NOT RECOMMENDED! I couldn't get through more than 2 sips. GROSS!
Well, if this is all natural you can have it! The first thing you'll notice is the can is only 8.3 ounces. The sugar is higher in this can than in a 12 once Coke! The soda is also too sweet and syrupy for my taste and I would advise all to leave this one on the store shelf, grab a Coke and get your natural fix elsewhere!
This stuff comes in the shape of a typical red bull can and tastes like strawberry soda mixed with red bull.  I drank this stuff not knowing whether it had caffeine in it.  The label did not say anything, so I did not know what to think.  So as a test I took it at my usual bedtime.  It didn't keep me up for more than 10 minutes.  I am normally very intolerant to caffeine.  Since I hardly ever drink it, a normal soda can keep me jittery for a couple hours - a red bull for about half a day - this product did not seem to get me jittery at all.  So my verdict: tastes bad and no caffeine effect.
This drink could have been great, but it was too much of a mixture of various fruits (like apple!) It basically tastes like bubbly fruit punch, not exactly strawberry watermelon; although I can taste a slight watermelon flavor. Looking at the ingredients list, it shouldn't surprise.... it's a mixture of fruits, strawberry being on the bottom of the list.I do recommend the cherry Switch drink, but that's the only one out of three that I liked.
I got a can in the mail. Open the can and saw that the calories are from 35 grams of sugar (fruit juice) and nothing else, I thought to myself, this is all sugar melted in water and carbonated, I drank a sip and could already feel sticky in my mouth on the teeth. It's going to rot my teeth for sure and leave a sticky mouth feel. Carbonated just not like what I would call a good carbonation like soda or mountain dew. It's less carbonation than those but has as much sugar or more than a can of soda. This is just sugar water.
This is just too sweet for me.  Cloying.  It's OK if you dilute it about half and half with plain seltzer.  And an 8.3 ounce can of this has as many calories as a twelve ounce Coke!  I don't buy the line that sweetness from juice is healthier than sweetness from high fructose corn syrup.  As far as my digestion is concerned, one sugar molecule is like another.  The can even boasts that the drink is gluten free!  Oh no - I guess that means it isn't whole grain. :-)I won't be buying this stuff.
My favorite oatmeal has always been with cinnamon. Even as a child when my grandmother used to cook me oatmeal she would always add cinnamon for me. I was very excited when Quaker Oats came out with their own instant Oatmeal Cinnamon and Spice. It was delicious. I started eating it and it was the only oatmeal that I would eat.To my dismay, they seemed to discontinue the product and I stopped eating oatmeal.I was very happy when I "discovered" it again. But this version is different. The flavors are NOT there. The taste is sweet sweet sweet and my cinnamon tastes artificial. In other words. AVOID this one. It is not the same. Quaker Oats should bring the old version back.
The "Sugar and Maple" label on the top and front of the box also states "Natural & Artificial Flavors," as does the ingredient list on the side of the box.But "Artificial" is not mentioned in the Product Details or Ingredient list on the selling web page. Instead, there is a disclaimer that the ingredients may "differ."  That is deception.  Was that really necessary?We don't buy ANYTHING with artificial flavors in it.Quaker has a long reputation of excellence and should know better.
I'm 35yo and I remember eating this stuff for breakfast all throughout my youth.  I loved it.  Loved it to the point that there were days that I would eat it for breakfast and dinner if I could get away with it.  For some reason I stopped eating it.  I saw this and decided it was time start it up again.  I'M SO DISAPPOINTED!!!  The flavor is completely different.  The end product is soupy and letting it sit for a bit doesn't help.  The portions sizes do seem like they might be a bit bigger but that's the only good thing I can come up with.  It might be a healthy choice but I think I'll just stick to my fresh fruit breakfasts.  This is just bad.
Planters, the company, behind tin and glass boxes of peanuts, has decided to diversify their portfolio and to begin making snack bars that capitalize on their tasty nuts. Sounds ideal? Hardly.I found the taste of these nut bars awkward and preserved. One feels bloated and full (at 220 calories per bar, it's hardly surprising!) after eating one of these bars but not satisfied. The peanutbutter backing serves the purpose of underlining the flavor, but there is no flavor to speak of, and thus nothing to highlight.Planters, do everyone a favor and stick to producing peanuts. Leave the snack bars to Clif Energy Bars and other companies. And the consumer will be better off getting tastier morsels of nutrition elsewhere.
Disappointed again....These are chewy and interesting but not particularly good. Maybe it's me, but why is mocha bitter? I don't remember mocha ever being bitter in my childhood, but all of a sudden everything labeled "mocha" is sharply bitter.Bitter is the first thing that touched my lips....and the after taste  sticks around far too long....They may be called South Beach, but the best thing to do with these, is bury them in the sand...I just don't understand how they could market this product...did they really sit around a table and taste this and say "this is great?" Who are these people? Oh, do I sound bitter?
I was super excited to try this product, but I have to admit that I was extremely disappointed. The overall appearance of the bar is very nice and mouthwatering; however, as soon as I took a bite, I was inundated with the extremely strong taste of coffee. I couldn't even taste the chocolate because the coffee flavoring was so strong.I would only recommend this bar if you are a lover of strong coffee. The only redeeming factor, in my opinion, was the fact that each bar has 9g of fiber. However, you can get fiber in many other ways. Hopefully their other flavors taste better than this one.
The mocha-flavored bar smells and tastes like instant coffee granules.  Texture is squishy, gummy, sticky, and gritty.  Why spend 120 calories on this imitation candy bar when you could get not only fiber but also lots of additional nutrients along with satisfying taste and texture for half the calories from an orange, an apple, or a pear?
I didn't care for these at all. They are very fudge carmel like in consistency and I expected more of a granola type bar you would take on a hike. I only ate one and am still debating whether I will be hungry enough one day to finish the box...  I liked the flavor but the entire consistency was just not for me.
I found these bars to be way too sticky and sweet.  This seems to be yet another one of these products that is trying to make you think it is healthy by plugging into the granola bar genre, but they blow it by making it as sweet as a candy bar.  Texture-wise it is like chewing sticky caramel with stuff embedded in it.Additionally, the peanuts tasted a slight bit stale to me (even though the date stamp on the bar wrapper was 4 months away).  To be sure, I compared this product with a freshly opened jar of Planters Dry Roasted Lite Salt Peanuts, and those tasted nice and fresh compared to the stale peanuts in these bars.  Too bad the manufacturer couldn't do a better job with peanut delivery, I wanted to like this product.
I was so excited to try these out but the obscene amounts of sugar shocked me out of my delight. Does a nut bar really need 5 different sweeteners? There's the bane of my existence - corn syrup, followed by sugar, evaporated cane juice invert syrup, honey and brown sugar on top of that, excuse me Planters but why are you poisoning us with this? These bars are so sweet that my cavity was singing the day I tried them, I mean blaring pain and the bar itself isn't so spectacular, the nuts are mostly chopped up into random pieces with sweet syrup on top and some sort of bread crumb like stuffing in between.I wouldn't recommend these to my worst enemy and I would advise to stay far away from these. Corn syrup is packed into 90% of processed foods; even jarred pickles have this stuff in the sauce they swim in, I feel like a science project when I get anything that isn't raw these days, and this is another bad, shameful product that people will eat for sure and pay for it with their poor health twenty years later. Cheap food is expensive, it makes us sick later, and this is yet another product to add to this problem.- Kasia S.
I was all excited to get these Planters Big Triple Nut Bars because the photo on the box looks like crispy peanut brittle studded with giant almonds and cashews. Even better, there's my good friend Mr. Peanut tipping his top hat with one white-gloved hand, holding his cane at a jaunty angle in the other. He's got such a big grin on his face, I know he's winking at me from behind that monocle! Yes, the box says "chewy granola bars", but I thought that would mean that they are both delicious AND healthy.Wrong! Mr. Peanut, how could you do this to me?First of all, the packaging is very deceptive. The box could hold 10 or 11 bars instead of 5. Yes, it's more than twice the volume of the product it holds and that is deceptive. The photo of the bar itself is enlarged approximately 100% so maybe that was the excuse. In reality, the bars are very small, weighing a tad over 1 1/2 ounces each and measuring about 1 1/4 inches wide by 4 3/4 inches long by 5/8 of an inch thick.The smell is okay, like roasted peanuts, pretty much what you would expect.But what about the taste?The flavor is pretty much one note, peanuts. That's the only thing I could taste. Normally, that would be a good thing because I love peanuts! Unfortunately, the peanuts taste stale and have an unpleasant aftertaste. The bars are also way too sweet and much too salty. (I had to brush my teeth and use mouthwash both to get rid of the taste.)I couldn't see any cashews or almonds in the bar at all. I did finally find one and a half very small almonds buried inside as I broke off each bite looking for the nuts. I couldn't identify any cashews by sight or by taste and I could identify the almonds only by sight and by the slight crunch, no almond flavor either.The texture (other than the tiny crunch from the almonds) is like soft peanuts mixed with cornmeal and coated in sticky soft goo. I really didn't enjoy the texture at all, it just didn't feel good on my teeth when biting down.I'm not surprised I couldn't tell the cashews from the peanuts but I couldn't even tell the oats from the peanuts by texture or taste and barely by sight because of the sticky goo.Honestly, I don't know what was worse, the soft sticky texture or the cheap bitter peanut taste or the overwhelming sweetness or the heavy saltiness.Actually, I do know what is worse than all of that: the ingredient list and nutrition information. The box touts the 7 grams of protein but neglects to highlight the 12 grams of fat and 23 grams of carbohydrates. (An ounce is a little over 28 grams so that's quite a bit of fat and sugar.)The one good thing I see is a lot of vitamin E because of the tocopherols added as a flavor preservative.Other things that bother me are that the crisped rice is rice flour, sweeteners are listed eight times, and almonds and cashews are listed just before the under-1.5% ingredients. Since peanuts aren't really nuts (they're legumes), I think putting "Big Nut Bars" and "Triple Nut" on the package is very deceptive given the scarcity of the cashews and almonds and calling them granola bars is a bit of a stretch as well.Ingredients:PeanutsCorn syrupCrisped rice (rice flour, sugar, malt extract, salt, caramel color, mixed tocopherols)Peanut butter (roasted ground peanuts)SugarEvaporated cane juice invert syrupWhole grain rolled oatsAlmondsCashewsContains less than 1.5% of:Whey (from milk)Soy lecithinSaltHoneyVegetable oil (peanut and/or cottonseed oil)Resistant corn dextrinGranola (whole grain rolled oats, brown sugar, whole grain wheat, coconut, canola oil, wheat bran)Xanthan gumMixed tocopherolsNutrition Information:Serving size one bar (46g or 1.62 oz)Calories 220Calories from Fat 100Total fat 12g (18% of daily value)Saturated fat 1.5g (8% of daily value)Trans fat 0gPolyunsaturated fat 3.5gMonounsaturated fat 6gCholesterol 0%Sodium 230mg 10%Total carbohydrates 23g 8%Dietary fiber 3g 12%Sugars 13gProtein 7g 7%Vitamin A 0%Vitamin C 0%Calcium 2%Iron 6%Vitamin E 110%Phosphorus 10%It may seem silly to give such a long review of these candy bars but I really felt let down by Planters, Kraft, and especially Mr. Peanut. I know these aren't gourmet brands but my experience is that they have consistently decent quality. It really seems like this product was just an excuse to use up low-quality and leftover ingredients by creating a sweet, salty snack food to make people fat and give them diabetes and cavities. Offhand, I can't think of a less enjoyable way to eat 220 calories especially when almost half of them are from fat.I'm sorry, Mr. Peanut, but I think it is kinder to be honest with you because we've been friends for such a long time. I would want you to tell me if I didn't taste good to you, either!
I did not like the taste of this; tasted more like the stuff you feed the birds. The sweet and salt combination does not work well for any candy bar. Although this is a little larger than granola bar, I much rather have granola bar. Lessening the salt content and increasing the cashew nuts may improve the product.1.Cereal Bar Maple Nut 5 bars2.Cadburys Fruit & Nut Milk Chocolate Bar with Almonds - 3.5 Oz/ Bar, 24 ea3.Sugar Free Belgian White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Bars4.Homemade Gourmet Chocolate Candy Bars, Milk Chocolate
I requested this item from the Amazon Vine program and decided to have my family help me get more info for my review. I love eating healthy and was looking forward to a better alternative to the already semi-healthy granola I was enjoying. So, I sat my family down at the table. My dad, mom, two brothers, one sister and one grandmother and asked them to taste test it.My mom and sister were the first to protest. Now, I hadn't tried it at this point but everyone else had. My sister and mom told me it was too bland and the chocolate was too grainy. It didn't taste natural.My two brothers were next. My older brother (who is 28 years old) told me that the only time he would eat this would be if he was walking through the woods and hadn't eaten anything and had stumbled over it. My younger brother (22) said that while the taste wasn't awful, it "just wasn't good either".My grandmother was indifferent. She was the first person to like it a little bit even though she claimed it tasted like dry oatmeal and tiny flakes of chocolate.My dad said the same thing. That it tasted as if there was no chocolate in it at all and the granola had an oatmeal taste that didn't sit right with him.I figured that maybe they were making a fuss out of nothing so I decided to try it. In my hand it looked harmless but upon eating it, I found that I could not produce enough saliva to even slightly moisten the granola chunks and the chocolate used was horrible and crumbled in my mouth instead of melted.This is my very first bad review and I have to say... it deserves it. I will never purchase this item and if anyone wants the half of bag I got, it's being fed to my hampster. He happens to think it's wonderful!
I tried this myself because I figured if it's got good stuff in it, I might incorporate it into a healthier lifestyle for myself.  I like chocolate drinks but even the best of them taste a little like chocolate and a lot like vitamins.  Maybe one designed to taste good to kids would fit that bill.Ugh!  This drink is awful!  Too sweet, tastes more like vitamins than the vitamin drinks I've tried, and that gunk in the bottom of the straw (yes I know it's supposed to be some sort of probiotic) was a huge turn off.  Even knowing what it was, I was hesitant to actually drink liquid thru it.  The straw was hard to pull off the container.  And I was thrown by how sweet this was, then I found out it was sweetened with sugar.I don't have kids but my friends with young children are trying to cut DOWN on sugar intake, not give them drinks that are intensely sweetened with it!  Who's bright idea was this?  I'm sure some kids like it, and no doubt they're bouncing off the walls fifteen minutes later!  Kids will eat and drink what tastes good to them, because they don't care if it's good for them or not.  Sure it's got vitamins but the amount of sugar in it negates any 'healthy' aspect in my opinion.But to each his or her own.  In any event, this stuff tastes vile and has too many calories for me to buy it again.
I tasted an ice cold Boost Kid Essentials - Chocolate, and was horrified! I would actually prefer to drink one of the chocolate weight loss shakes over this Boost.Thinking that perhaps it tastes good if you're a kid, I gave one to my three year old.  I provide you her review, verbatim, below:Daughter:  MOM!  Something is wrong with this chocolate milk.Me: Why?Daughter: Oh, Mom.  It's not good.  Oh, yuck. It's really not good mom. Something's wrong with it.Me: It's just yucky.Daughter: You can have it, Mom.I had high hopes for these drinks. There are days when my 3 year old eats absolutely nothing.
This has to be the worst "nutritional" chocolate drink I've ever tasted. I gave some to my 8YO son who typically loves stuff like this. He took a big slurp, then got a funny look on face and said "EWW!" He gave it back to me and explained that he was sorry but he just couldn't drink it.So I tasted it. "EWW!" was how I felt too. If you took baby formula, watered it down and stirred in some chocolate syrup, that is what this stuff tastes like.Also, do NOT mistake this for a healthy drink! The main ingredients of this Boost Kid Essentials drink are WATER and SUGAR. If you read the ingredients list, you will also find 2 other sugars: maltodextrin and fructose. How much sugar do kids need? Is there an RDA for that?My son was not impressed with the straw. He was certain it was dirty, as it was filled with brown stuff and smelled bad. I had to get him a clean one from the cupboard. Interesting concept, but it looks gross. I'm not sure the probiotics are supposed to be brown anyway.I'll give my kids a multivitamin and some yogurt for the same effect with less sugar and better flavor.Too bad there is no 0 star rating as this stuff has NO redeeming qualities.
I love apples, apple chips, dried Apples, etc. I thought me and my daughter would like these so we decided to check them out. I waited until she got home to open them and we both took one at the same time excitedly, biting into each with anticipation. We looked at each other at the same time, but I was the first to speak. "Gross,"was all I could think of as I spat the mushy apple back out. Ella's twisted face watched in agreement before doing the same. She didn't like them either, she Told me, and we quickly got a drank to get the taste out of our mouths before moving on to taste the next product, which thankfully was so much better! I do not recommend these at all, and it's very rare for me to give anything only 1 star. We couldn't even swallow that first bite  blech.
I like apples of all kinds, and I also like natural or organic foods.  This Peeled Snacks, Apple-2-the-Core sounded like the perfect thing for between meals.  How does something with some much potential go so wrong?  What I found inside my bag was in a word - terrible.  Apples were not meant to be mushy and chewy, and that's exactly what I got in my Peeled Snacks.  It was all I could do to eat one bite!  They need to go back to the drawing board and dry these until they are crunchy.  I strongly suggest you pass on these.
I seriously can't believe how well this product is rated.  My family of 4 thought they were really gross. All 4 of us actually spit it out.  We kind of wondered if we maybe just got a bad pack of these but when comparing ours to what's pictured and described by some other reviewers, we realized that this is how they're supposed to be.  They stank.  They look like little pieces of leather and pretty much have the same texture and taste.  They were very dry, not moist in the least as some others have stated.Unfortunately I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.  I even tried to give a slice to each of my 2 dogs and only 1 of them would even touch it.
This snack seems like a good idea, but the package says peeled snacks.Yet absolutely every piece has skin on them, which on these soft snacks is like having a piece of rough paper attached to each piece of apple. It's enough to make you choke. Some pieces even have the rough part of the core. I would be afraid to have a small child eat these for fear that they would get a jagged piece stuck in their throat.This is really deceptive packaging as far as I am concerned.
Another fine mess from a company with many decades of experience in &#34;feeding&#34; kids: the never-noble Nestle!Kid Essentials is JUNK. It is NOT food. It's basically just water, tons of sugar, thickeners to make it seem like a milkshake, and trace amounts of no doubt low quality chemical vitamins (organic vitamins cost money and where's the profit in that?). What parent would feed their kid this kind of vaguely semi-nutritious junk? The same who'd give them Wonder Bread instead of organic whole wheat, I suppose.Such parents aren't bad, just too lazy to educate themselves about what their kids really need, instead of listening to corporate advertising. The subsequent doctor bills and poor school performance are probably never even linked to the pseudo-nutrition of junk like this...but they should be.This syrup tastes good, but so what? In a nutshell, it ain't healthy. Sugar and maltodextrin are not fit to be the main ingredients in a &#34;health drink&#34; for kids, period. The laughable addition of a tiny tiny trace amount of &#34;probiotics&#34; ON the straw (?!) is the funniest part. So now Nestle is promoting probiotics? The sugar in this drink will kill those probiotics very quickly...but it sure looks good to put &#34;Probiotics!&#34; on the container. Yes, they're good for us. Yes, there are almost none of them in here. Give your kids a Jarrow multi-probiotic or other quality probiotic daily and watch the doctor bills shrink. That's for real. This product is not.Any parent wishing to help their kids be healthy will stay away from this marketing ploy. It's not nutrition, it's a sweet snack, and that's all. But then again, this is Nestle doing what they do best. For those who don't know the massive irony about Nestle selling a kid's nutrition product, there has been a world-wide boycott of their products for over thirty years (now kept very quiet by our wonderful corporate-owned media). This used to be a big news story when it started in the 1970s, but now it's barely mentioned.It's well worth taking the time to read the wiki about it and go to Baby Milk Action and other websites to judge for yourself, once you learn all the facts. Nestle is notorious for giving away horribly unhealthy baby formulas in third world countries and calling them better than breastmilk. Please read up about this, and look at the corporation's pathetic green-washing about the issue on their website and with their cheesy Foundations that make them look like they're fighting the problem instead of causing it (a very popular strategy these days by many mega-firms).Nestle is, in short, a very nasty company that values profit over people whenever possible, it seems. They are slowly stealing the best water in America and across the world from pristine aquifers, and have destroyed many aquifers already. Who cares about farmers and other local citizens? Not these guys. They waltz in and take the water and leave communities low and dry. Read about the Massachusetts and Maine lawsuits that recently worked against them, and many many other good American folks that have fought to try to prevent this massive corporation from stealing their last bits of clean water, now a truly precious resource. But Nestle still tries to steal our water at every turn. No wonder the Nestle boycott is going strong after over thirty years (kind of amazing, come to think about it; how bad are these guys that they still do all this sneaky stuff in the face of so much public outcry? I guess money really is God to Nestle). Admiration and thanks are due all the good and honest people willing to stand up and fight these kind of companies on behalf of all of us and our kids, who deserve to have some clean water to call their own in twenty years.So why would anyone want to support this kind of company? It's a very good question, and one worth asking yourself next time you go shopping. Would you rather support local people and firms and their usually high-quality products, and help your community directly, or buy mega-business plastic &#34;food&#34; and support one of the worst multi-national &#34;food&#34; conglomerates? Nestle bought out Ozarka, by the way. Get a good water filter, save a ton of money and plastic, and get much much better water. It's not hard to do.Seems like a pretty easy choice, and one we all need to make a lot more often if we really care about our kids, our water, and our families. And if that's not enough to convince you to avoid this company, look at the price! If you buy 27 of these, you get a big break: it's only about three clams per tiny container! Are they kidding us? This is full of cheap sugar and cheap vitamins, and worth maybe a quarter of that, as an occasional sweet snack at best. This would all be a joke if Nestle weren't so successful at selling fake nutrition at insane prices; they are genius at that.&#34;Kid Essentials&#34;? Not even close.&#34;Corporate Profit Essentials&#34;? Now that's a lot more like the truth.Edit: I wrote an earlier version of this review where somebody commented that some parents have &#34;no choice&#34; but to feed their kids this sugary junk if they could only eat through a straw. To that I can only say, are you serious? Any parent has the choice to not feed their kids junk/non-food, unless they're trapped in the desert somewhere, and then why would they have this swill?Any parent could easily make their own version of this drink that cost far less and contained higher quality ingredients...for half the cost at most. Any decent smoothie would blow this away for nutrition. There is almost zero reason to use this, in fact...except for very lazy parents who won't do the work to see what food young bodies really need---and don't---and feed them accordingly.Assuming that this is the only option for sick kids, and that it's the only liquid that will flow through a tube (?!), is simply poor judgment. Kids deserve better than this. Much better. It's malnutrition caused by junk like this that contributes to the mess we're now in, and the incredibly low academic scores of American kids vs. children from the rest of the &#34;developed&#34; world.We owe our children real food, like our grandparents once ate, not synthetic non-food.
The title says it all... it's mostly sugar and water with stuff added. Has almost 250 calories and there's a warning on the label to "use only under medical supervision" or something like that. I don't even want to try to feed it to my kid to see if she likes it or not.
So, I'm cooking up this Barilla spaghetti. The water is just about to boil, so I put the spaghetti in the water. A small piece of raw spaghetti breaks off. Without thinking, I pop it in my mouth, grind it up, and swallow. After about one minute, I start having the allergic reaction I typically have when I consume legumes.Uh-oh.I try to check the box ingredients, but Amazon has put a sticker over them. I read the description on the back of the box, and it mentions two of my lethal enemies: lentils and chick peas. Great. Mr. "I could eat pasta for every meal every day" (me) is having an allergic reaction to "spaghetti" made with beans. Long story short: this isn't spaghetti. It's extruded bean paste with binders and fillers. Maybe it tastes good. Maybe it has regular pasta consistency. I don't know, and I'm glad I didn't get a chance to find out. A full bite of this covered in sauce would have put me in the hospital for sure. If you don't have an allergy and want high protein bean paste masquerading as spaghetti, I suppose this is fine. If you want genuine pasta, this isn't it.
Four of us tried this drink and none of us liked it.  I guess I was expecting more of an apple flavor but it was based on apple tea, which was an odd taste.  The color and flavor were weak, though since I didn't like the taste that didn't bother me too much.  Furthermore, my husband is a neuroscientist and says that GABA is exactly the opposite of what the vendor purports -- it's an inhibitory neurotransmitter (though  Wikipedia tells us that GABA *is* be an excitatory transmitter in children and insects, so this may do you some good if you're a young bee; otherwise, I'd pass this up -- unless you enjoy the flavor of watery apple tea.
Apparently Pu'erh is not my cup of tea. I was looking forward to trying this because I love tea and I love cardamom, but the pu'erh is so distinctive and strong in its flavor that I couldn't even pick up on the cardamom. All I could detect was a taste of something that, to me, had gone rotten. That's the best way I can describe it. It left a picture in my mind of wet tea leaves rotting in garbage. Two sips was all I could take before dumping the cup and throwing out the whole box. Yuck. I will stick with my black teas, oolongs, and green teas.
Pu-erh tea is a black tea produced in the moutainous Yunnan province in China by  a special open-air fermentation process.  Supposedly the fermentation mellows the taste and favor of the tea.  Unfortunately this Numi Ginger Pu-erh tea is anything but mellow or favorful.  It tastes like plain water with a hint of ginger.  It has no tea favor.  Furthermore it has an unpleasent fishy smell.  This is not my cup of tea.
It's weird, I'm really sensitive to any amount of fishiness flavor and this tea has a bit of it. Enough that every time I've tried it, it has undertones of fishiness, eek! I don't know what it is in this tea; it's just black tea with cardamon which should be delicious, but it's not. It's fishy to me!!! Maybe it's gone bad, but I don't know; I just got it as an Amazon Vine Reviewer...FYI: I L-O-V-E Numi's Earl Gray tea. It is the very B-E-S-T!!!
I usually drink Yogi Ginger. I love ginger tea and find that making my own tea using actual ginger root has helped many tummy aches/abdomen craps. My teen hates the taste of the "real" ginger tea but requests it when she has abdominal problems because it always works!Anyway.The Numi Organic Ginger tastes like black tea - I don't even taste a hint of ginger.The Yogi Ginger tea I usually drinks contains (according to ingredient list on package): ginger root, lemongrass, licorice root, peppermint leaf, and black pepper.The Numi Ginger contains (according to ingredient list on package): Organic Black Pu*erh, organic ginger.There is also a statement on the package that says, "higher caffeine" - not..."contains caffeine" - so I have no idea what that means, other than, I guess it contains caffeine - where as the Yogi Ginger is caffeine free - and tastes 100% better.
I've tried many different teas, and honestly had not run into any I actually disliked until I tried the Cardamom and Ginger teas from Pu'erh. They're nicely packaged and brew fine, but both the aroma and the taste was not to my liking at all. On the packaging they also mention that they are higher in caffeine than most teas, but do not exactly say how much caffeine they contain.
I have purchased Numi tea bags in the past and their tea is usually pleasant tasting for a non-loose leaf type tea.  However, I'm very disappointed with the quality of this tea. Ginger and pu'erh tea is supposed to be strong; neverthless, to me this tea is just tasteless very dark water. I can't recommend this tea at all.
I'm wondering if I got an old box or something because there are a lot of good reviews of this product, but I am experiencing something different. When I make this tea, I don't detect any flavor at all from my tongue. It smells slightly fishy and tastes like hot brown water. I drink hot tea daily and have no issues with my senses. It's this tea. Tasteless. I checked the experimentation date -- it says July 2015. Since that's over a year away, I should be able to taste this tea. I tried this tea for 4 days over a period of two weeks. I'm throwing it away and I've never done that before.
Puehr always reminds me a bit of Lapsang Souchong tea, with a smoky aroma that really is an acquired taste.Tea drinkers who drink puehr aren't really the kinds of tea drinkers who drink tea from a tea bag.Puehr is usually sold in cakes or bricks, and it is tea that undergoes an aging process to improve the flavor. I only buy puehr from the Puerh Shop, online. I usually purchase it in "mini bricks" which I can steep using my tea ball strainer, for one cup of tea at a time.This tea has just a smidge of cardamom flavor, but it is really overpowered by the smoky puehr-like aroma.If you like cardamom tea, I recommendSadaf Special Blend Tea with Cardamom Flavor 50 Tea Bags Net WT 3.5 OZ (100g)with Cardamom flavor instead of this tea. Sadaf Special Blend with Cardamom flavor contains black tea, and natural and artificial cardamom flavor. I purchased some from my local Persian grocery store. You can probably find it in any middle eastern or international grocery.I'm going to have to be brutally honest here: I thought this Numi Tea product was vile. The aroma was disgusting (only barely resembled Puehr), and I ended up throwing it in the trash. Sorry, Numi Tea! I'm sure their other tea products are better than this one.
I am a huge tea lover but I personally didn't like anything about this tea. The aroma was really off putting to me. Hard to describe it exactly but first impression was somewhat fishy but in a strange mulchy wet leaf way. I couldn't really taste the ginger it was very weak on all levels. If you love strong ginger beverages try Gold Kili it is hot and spicy and works well mixed with a good english tea like Ahmad No.1 English Tea which is amazing tea on it's own. Numi was just not good, I would not recommend it at all.
I'm a tea junkie. I compulsively buy bag and loose leaf looking for new and interesting flavors (for reference, my preferred brands are: Rishi, Republic of Tea, Two Leaves and a Bud, and Revolution).Unfortunately, I find that Numi's Cardamom Pu'erh to have little taste and aroma. It's like slightly flavored water.I would not recommend buying.
I wanted to give this organic tea a try because I have never tried tea that is labeled as "spicy."  I typically stick with more traditional teas or ones that are fruity flavored.  It definitely is spicy, so spicy that it burned my throat on the way down.  It was not even because the boiling water, this was closer to drinking hot sauce than regular tea.  Even worse is that the first time I used one of the bags, after I was down steeping, the entire contents of the tea bag had emptied into my tea cup.  I have a couple tea leaves sneak out of the tea bag before, but never has the whole bag emptied on me before.  I guess it was an improvement the second time I used the product and half of the bag managed to stay in by the time I was done with it, but even that is unacceptable for a tea bag.
I tried several bags of this with varying steeping times but I did not like it all. It was fishy smelling and the taste was off-putting. Adding honey did not improve it at all and even my co-worker commented on the smell.  I can definitely see it affecting digestion but for me it was not in a good way. Perhaps it is one of those things your body has to get used to but I would be afraid to drink more than one cup in a day even if could get past the taste. As someone that likes to drink multiple cups of tea in a day this flavor would not make my list.
I drink a lot of tea and don't think I'm a snob, but I like my tea to taste pleasant.  This tea smells horrible and doesn't taste like much.  Since it's ginger, I was expecting ginger flavor and smell, maybe even some sweetness and/or spiciness.  But I found it very bland and it smelled a little like fish.  (And yes, I brewed it correctly!)  Instead, I would recommendGood Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free, 18-Count Tea Bags (Pack of 6)- it smells great, and has the sweet and spicy flavor you would expect!
My wife and I love trying new teas and we'll give anything a fair shake, from black to green to flavored herbals and everything in between. It was inevitable we'd find one that was awful, and Numi's Cardamom Pu'erh was finally it.It's a shame too, because I was greatly looking forward to a cardamom flavored tea, but frankly the flavor is incredibly neutral and isn't much different from a mild black tea. The real problem here is the incredibly strong scent. If you want to be charitable you could call it "earthy." If you want to be accurate you'd instead say "it smells like fish food flakes." It makes every gulp actively unpleasant, and getting to the bottom of that mug was like a marathon that just wouldn't end.Based on all the five star reviews apparently there's a market for it, but all I know is that I never want this tea anywhere near my mouth or nostrils ever again.
Something has changed with this product.  It does not taste as smooth as it did when it was first introduced, plus the k-cups are so POORLY CONSTRUCTED that coffee grinds get all in the k-cup holder and into the brewed coffee.  UGH.  I no longer give this product more than 1 star, due to changes in quality over the past few months.  I am canceling my autoship for this item.  No more "Coffee People" brand for me.
With the first sip, you can taste the bitter, burned nut flavor in this Gloria Jeans k-cup.  Top it off with a major aftertaste (cream & sugar didn't help) & this blend went straight to the bottom of my list.If you want a nice hazelnut coffee, tryMillstone Coffee, Hazelnut Cream, 12-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 3).
I tried this Numi Chocolate Puerh tea four times and was disappointed and left with a very upset stomach. I used a big mug and the taste was barely detectable, it did however have a pleasant aroma of cinnamon with an ever so slight scent of vanilla. I then tried it in a smaller cup with the same results, barely any taste to it. I then tried it in a tiny 6 oz tea cup and it still really had no flavor other then a slight taste of cinnamon in hot water. Very weak tea with awful side effects of extreme nausea. Not sure if this was from the acid in it or something else, maybe the cinnamon. I can't recommend this on any level, it is weak and tasteless with awful side effects at least for me.  I love plain Rooibos and I will stick to that.
After opening the fancy box and unsealing the gold bag, I was excited to brew a few cups of succulent, chocolate richness.  Instead, I got a pot of synthetic-tasting sweetness that was completely unbefitting of the Gevalia name.  This tastes like a cup of store-brand coffee seasoned with those artificial flavoring tablets or Coffee-Mate flavored creamer.  What's more, there was none of the characteristic freshness that "bag" coffee typically has.  For a much better cup of chocolaty coffee, try Millstone's Chocolate Velvet, which has an immeasurably smoother, more natural chocolate taste (and carries a much smaller price tag).  One part Gevalia Kaffe Dark Chocolate mixed with three parts unflavored coffee makes a more palatable cup, but the saccharine sweetness and totally artificial taste are just way too intense when brewed "straight." Truly not a good cup of joe.
I normally like Gevalia coffees and with this flavor, the coffee portion itself is good. The chocolate portion is in itself a little bitter and the bitterness seems to get a little worse as an aftertaste. Gevalia unflavored coffees have always received a positive response from me, but i will stay away from their flavored coffees if this is any indication.
The Gevalia "Dark Chocolate Truffle" coffee comes in a cute cardboard package citing its 1853 origins.  The coffee is contained in a nice gold-colored foil bag, which you have to cut to open.  The finely ground coffee looks quite dark.  After opening the package, I brewed the coffee using the same method that I use for my regular ground coffee, pouring water over a heaping tablespoon in a paper filter.  The liquid was also quite dark.  The taste was a mixture of coffee and chocolate flavors in about equal intensity.  The coffee flavor was not very strong considering how dark it was.  The chocolate flavor was pleasant.  I would rate the combination of tastes interesting, but not exciting.  However, the chocolate flavor left a slightly bitter aftertaste that seemed to last for a long time.Ingredients listed on the package are few: arabica coffee, artificial and natural flavor.  I like to know what I am putting into my body, so I called the 800 number listed on the package.  The phone menu that I encountered had no option for information on the coffee itself, so I made a random choice.  The call-center person who answered was pleasant enough, but had no immediate information on the ingredients.  She looked up what appeared to be a script for answering ingredient questions.I asked what the ingredients were.  She replied, "Coffee with a small amount of corn derived ingredients."  I asked if the corn ingredients included high-fructose corn syrup.  She could not say.  This time she said that the corn-derived ingredients were "an insignificant amount of corn-derived ingredients."  I tried something different next.  Tell me about the chocolate, I said.  The answer was a surprise.  "It does not contain chocolate."  Then she repeated the mantra, "It has a small amount of corn-derived ingredients."  I thanked her and hung up.  Apparently, you can make anything out of corn,My conclusion is that you cannot trust this product.  It is intellectually dishonest to pretend that this is small boutique-type product when in fact it contains uncertain quantities of unknown chemical additives.  It is totally irresponsible not to reveal the nature of the ingredients when asked.  People do have allergies and other dietary requirements that make it necessary for them to know what they are consuming.
I received this coffee through the Vines Program.  I had expected a high quality coffee with natural flavorings.  Instead, this coffee is artifically flavored and it tastes like it.  The basic coffee does not stand out on its own and is actually rather bland.  The artifical chocolate flavoring sort of tastes like chocolate, but not like a quality Dark Chocolate.If you are not looking for anything other than perhaps something warm to drink, this might be an ok product.  If, however, you tend to drink coffee from places like Starbucks, Tully's, or other high end providers, this will probably not be your favorite coffee drink.This coffee did nothing for me and I wound up throwing out the pot of coffee and putting the rest of the grounds into my compost bin.
I was excited to try this flavored coffee and I have drank Gevalia coffees for over 12 years and love their Traditional Roast and the limited edition Royal Vinter varieties. When I opened this one I noticed the overwhelming artificial smell of the product and read on the box that the flavors were indeed artificial!I brewed a pot of coffee and tried it with my daughter and we both disliked the smell and the taste was disgusting and a strong aftertaste followed. I could not taste chocolate and even adding pumpkin spice creamer did not disguise the awful flavor.A few nights later I made a pot of this coffee for my husband and I to drink because I wanted his opinion. He also hated it and said to NEVER brew it again.  This product was a good idea but the ingredients make it unpalatable and if you are going to add chocolate then make sure it is REAL so the flavor is right.
This coffee is way too bitter.  It also has sugar, which I despise sugar in my coffee.  When I saw it had sugar it in, I chilled it (got it really ice-cold) before I tried it, so that I could give it a shadow of a chance.  But even though it was chilled, it was still too bitter and sweet.Perhaps if there were no sugar in it, I might could have gotten over the bitterness and gave it a few more stars, even if I couldn't have given it 5 stars.But it was absolutely horrible.  Never again.  (And I do love coffee.)
The caveat to what follows is that I only drink coffee that is iced and massively sugared and massively creamed. What I generally do is brew some at home, take it to work, and then doctor it with cream/sugar in the afternoon. So, I picked this up to see if it was a viable alternative for days when I haven't had time to make coffee. Alas, this was so nastily bitter than seemingly no amount of experimenting made it drinkable. Despite the affected branding, this is basically a small can of black coffee. I have no problem with that per se (although the cost does raise one's eyebrows), but the harsh taste just didn't work for me. I guess results may vary, but since all this is is black coffee, it's not that hard to make your own to taste.
I had high hopes for this drink despite the fact that I prefer unsweetened drinks.  I poured it in the glass and was unhappy with how dark it was.  I took a sip and choked.  This drink is bitter and to me undrinkable.  It was like drinking the bottom of a burned pot of coffee.  I tried adding milk to the cup but it didn't lighten the color at all.  Even with the milk I couldn't drink it and down the drain it went.  Awful!
This illy issimo caffee coffee came from Amazon and I was certainly disappointed in the taste.  With all the coffes available on the market now this is the very last one I would choose if buying.illy issimo Caffe Coffee Drink, 6.8-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)
I think a review with just the word "ugh" in it would sum up this product nicely.  I don't normally put any sugar in my coffee, but I just couldn't stomach this.  This is dark, bitter coffee with a strange metallic taste--what I'd imagine coffee would taste like if you brewed it and left it in the pot for 5 days before drinking it.Even if it tasted good, the size is ridiculously small.  It's a TINY can.  I can't recommend this drink to anyone.
You get regular cold coffee. Thought the expresso in this would make it a stronger flavor, but it did not. Tasted like regular roast coffee with milk. The chocolate flavor was not discerenable at all.Iilly issimo Coffee Drink, Cappuccino, 8.45-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12) B002IEVJRY illy issimo illy issimo Coffee Drink, Cappuccino, 8.45-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12) Grocery & Gourmet Food Just OK! . This was your ordinary chilled coffee and cream drink. You get regular cold coffee. Thought the expresso in this would make it a stronger flavor, but it did not. Tasted like regular roast coffee with milk. The chocolate flavor was not discerenable at all.From the can and / or ingredients. "Rich espresso taste blended with lowfat milk and cocoa." unless I missed something cocoa is chocolate but could not taste any.
I am a big fan of coffee and cappuccino.  I decided to try this as a great option on-the go.  In short, I did not care for it.  The coffee flavor is off, and the drink has a weird after taste.  I would not recommend.
We did not finish this drink.  I drank some, then gave it to my husband, and he would not drink any after one taste.  He thought it tasted a bit like tobacco.  I didn't think it was all that bad but it wasn't anything special and I never finished it - poured it out in the sink.  It is only 100 calories.  The can says "Do not shake" in small letters toward the top which I read after shaking and spurting it open.  It's not rich but at least not over-sweet.  It's just not very special in my opinion.
Sludgy, thick, burnt coffee grounds is what comes to mind after one swallow of this concoction.  If you can finish the rest, more power to you.
I took three swallows and could not drink anymore to me it tasted like motor oil!  And the aftertaste was the worst!  I brushed my teeth three times and could still not get the stench out!  Skip at all costs!
I love illy coffee. I think it is among the finest in the world. I even enjoy illy iced coffee in the can--but not this version. It tasted like bland epresso mixed with nonsparkling seltzer. Only 50 calories but I wIsh they added more calories if it meant this would be tastier. Not sweet at all. Sorry illy. It is a miss.
This coffee drink is so strong that it dried up all the spit in my mouth for a week.  Not really, but you get the idea.  My daughter happily took it from me and finished it off and thinks it was amazing.  Of course, she really likes Starbucks too.  So, if you love expresso and strong coffee, this IS your drink.  If you are a coffee wimp like me though, look for a lightly flavored cappucino instead!
I'm not a coffee drinker so I had my wife try one of these and she said immediately it tasted watered down and was VERY watery. So much so she wound up pouring it down the drain. She occasionally will drink the starbucks types of coffee drinks and this particular brand/variety was no good to her. If you like watered down, weak flavor this might be your thing, for her it was no winner.
That is the third ingredient.  Potassium citrate is the fourth.Is potassium bicarbonate a "natural" ingredient, since it is found rarely in nature?  I drink coffee every day and have never added these two chemicals to my cup of coffee.I have read that potassium citrate is used as a diuretic, particularly in veterinary treatments.  Was it really necessary to add these two chemicals to the "Espresso Style" coffee mix?  If it had been nothing but plain black coffee of typical good illy quality, then it would have rated a 5.  I will not be buying it.
I have to say that I misinterpreted what this product was. I thought it was a "coffee drink" as stated and expected it to be like a frappacino. And "no sugar" I thought meant artificially sweetened. Imagine my shock when I popped the can and took a sip of this lethally strong, bitter, black, straight coffee. My tastebuds were just about killed. Even after doctoring it up with lots of milk and sweetener, I couldn't finish it. This one's not for me.
I love Illy coffee and thought I would enjoy this canned beverage as much as their lovely fresh brewed coffees.WRONG!!!There is absolutely no resemblence between Illy's coffee and this "drink."  It is bitter, and leaves a very strange "off" taste/feel in your mouth after consumption.
I really love Illy espresso coffee beans so was excited to get the chance to try this product from Illy.When I tried this beverage the first reaction I had was that it tasted like chocolate milk. I took a second sip, and my reaction was that it was over-sweetened chocolate milk. The dominant flavors I got were Sweet, Chocolate and milk. I did not really get much of a flavor of coffee.Given what great coffee Illy offers, I am sorry this product does not more prominently feature the "coffee" part of the beverage. Too Sweet by a lot.
We love illy issimo coffees. They're not expensive and they usually hit the spot. I was excited to try theilly issimo Coffee Drink, Caff&egrave;.It was very disappointing. I found it, while sweetened, to be bitter and watery. (Yes, I know that, scientifically, bitter is not the opposite of sweet, but we know that sweetener changes the flavor of coffee.)  I passed the can to my Gentleman Caller, who is more of a coffee aficionado than I am. He drinks fine espresso as well as old coffee from the bottom of the pot if that's what there is. He agreed that this was bitter.illy disappointed us.I wouldn't buy this if it were offered again. I'd rather buy a soda.TheIlly Issimo Cappuccino Espresso Coffee Drinkis far more to my liking.
This is the worst canned coffee I've ever had. And let me make it clear, I like black coffee a lot. I also like flavored coffee. I like the thick feel of a good dark roast in my mouth, which I've had from canned coffee, and I like bitterness as well.This delivers a thin mouth feeling and an alarming chemical aftertaste. Stay far away from this.
I tasted this product, and all I can say is yecch!  I'm normally the type who loves a cold cappuccino drink, whether I get it from the store or at one of the local coffee shops, but illy issimo's Cappuccino Coffee drink had a bitter, metallic taste that I have never experienced in other store-bought cappuccinos.  It might be just me, but I would strongly suggest that in the future the makers of this drink rework the mixture and find some way to treat the cans so that this product doesn't come out with a metallic, bitter flavor such as what I experienced when I drank it.
I love coffee. I love iced coffee. I do not like this. It's not good. I am pretty tolerant of tastes being a little off, but this is way off. It has a stange consistency too. Almost like it is carbonated a little. I couldn't even finish this and I did give it a chance. I studied business in Italy for several months and love a good espresso and even like it chilled. This is not even close to being something I would crave. This is one of the few 'do not buy this' reviews, but I can't recommend this product.
You ever wondered what flavorless snacks might taste like? Trust me, you'd likely prefer them to this set of snacks.What to say here? The dried fruit didn't taste very good (and was pineapple and cranberry, not cranberry like it said on the box), but the humus was ok (I've never had it before so I cannot compare to other kinds, but it was like room-temperature re-fried beans).The edamame, whatever that is, was ok, I guess, but had an aftertaste I didn't care for. And the crackers? First off, shattered during shipping. Second, they tasted Wheat-Thins, only without that cracker's edginess.As for the Almond Rocca? Well, I've never cared for Almond Rocca, so I didn't bother to eat it. If you like it, you'll like it. If like me, you don't, then you won't. Not much to say there.Really this is a pretty sad collection of snacks. I'm sure one could do better with just a little bit of searching or perhaps even prepare your own snacks to take the place of these mediocre offerings. This selection just does not do it for me.
First of all, each of the products in this package with the exception of the candy, is made in another country. These are: China, Thaland, Jordan and Canada. That said, I cannot recommend that you feed your children stuff that has not been regulated on the production as this stuff has not. I tasted each item, the best, obviously, was the candy. but the crackers from Canada weren't too bad, nor was the bean paste from Jordan. Wasn't fresh though - wonder how long it took to make, get over here, then shipped out to me. Hmmmmm.Nope, we're the largest agricultural producer in the world, and we host many of the best cooks as well. Why go to China and eat their smog-infested soybeans? As fast as their cancer rates are rising, think I would pass on that! On a product like this, a little common sense has to come into play to protect your own family's health. Can't also see why they say it's a healthy snack with those 560g of salt too. Wow. But then, when something's been on a boat, etc., for as long as this stuff has, well, SOMETHING has to preserve it! Look for something else. Your body will thank you and so will your family!
I'll try (almost) anything once but out of that comes things I will never eat again; like the GoPicnic GoEnergy, Hummus & Crackers.Why?(1) The tastes were very bland and (2) the crackers were too hard. With such tasteless, too dried-out options, why would I choose it eat it again?This one just wasn't my cup of tea (but I could have used a good swig of tea to wash it down and kill the after taste), but I'm not everyone.  So best I can recommend is you proceed with caution if deciding to purchase.
This is a GREAT idea-I never seem to find the time to get my lunch together and get out the door on time, so I was so excited to try this package out since it was all in one box that I could throw in my purse and not worry about.  The problem is when I opened it, I was so disappointed because the portions are so small! The Humus is tasty, but you only get about one real spoonful and a few crackers.  The fruit in it is also yummy, but you only get 4 little squares.  I can't say that this is a full meal or that it gave me energy.  It really actually just left me thinking about how I needed something else to eat because I was still hungry.  I don't overeat and am a generally healthy person, but this was just too little and really just made me angry because I just started to enjoy the taste of something in the box only to realize I had just eaten the first and last bites, what a bummer!!!
I like the idea of there being some sort of worthwhile 'healthy' and filling alternative to the junk food prepackaged junk boxes kids often get, but this isn't it.  I can't speak as to value, as the price isn't available yet (though I suspect it won't be cheap), so on its own terms, here's what I think of this package:A big box promises a lot more food that one actually receives, but it's a relatively 'fun' box, from a child's perspective.  This is great, but doesn't really have much bearing on whether one should purchase it or not.The food is, pretty much entirely, a sad affair.  First of all, nothing to drink!  They can call this a "picnic" box - and they do - but it's really the sort of thing a small child will take to school.  So the lack of any drink at all just seems strange.  Additionally, one receives a "Turkey Snack Stick," which is a bit like a Slim Jim beef jerky thingy, but at less than an ounce, it's not much.  The same is true for the excruciatingly small "White Cheddar Cheese Slice."  It's decent cheese, but it's also less than an ounce in weight.  The "Snapea Crisps" feel like empty calories, and they taste like nothing.  I'll grant them that they're baked, not fried, but they're still very oily and would hardly constitute anyone's sense of either a tasty snack food or a vegetable.  Like the cheese and the tueky stick, this 'treat' weighs less than an ounce.A half ounce of "Sunflower Crunch" isn't bad, but the sweetness isn't there, and for the money (I assume) one could get a much bigger allotment of plain old sunflower seeds.  The Gummy Bears weren't bad, although again, the serving size was less than an ounce.  About the only really decent thing is the Strawberry Applesauce, which weighs nearly as much as all the other food combined (but is still only three ounces in weight!) and has a pretty great, not overly sweet taste.The box comes with a buildable spork - vaguely cute - and a small temporary tattoo.  Paying more than $1.25 for this individual package (they come in a package of four, so $5 for that) would be, in my opinion, a waste of money.  And I'm probably being generous.  Don't buy.
I got this item free and my family of 4 dug-in to try each item. Temporary tattoo was a hit with the 8 year old  - and boy did it last on her skin. Mrs. May's Sunflower Seed Crunch  & Surf Sweets Natural Gummy Bears were very good.  The Collapsible spork - everyone thought it was very cool and was washed and used a few times. The Turkey snack was terrible. The Chedder Cheese had a terrible texture and it tasted terrible - and it went in the garbage. My kids wouldn't try the applesauce since they don't like the mixed flavours. My husband did try it but found it very sweet.  The Baked Snapea Crisps - it had a weird after-taste - the kids wouldn't try.If you are looking for Ready-to-go snack - I would pass - neat idea that just failed with 8-39 year old crowd.
I had high hopes for this shelf-stable meal.  Maybe that's why I was so disappointed when I ate this.  The ingredients are actually pretty good as is the nutritional profile.  Ok, let me break it down one food item at a time:1) Strawberry Applesauce - This is the largest food item and is pretty good.  It's not too sweet and that's fine with me.2) Baked Snapea - This missed the mark and was virtually tasteless with the consistency of freeze-dried vegetables.3) Sunflower Seed Crunch - Another miss.  I would have preferred raw unsalted seeds to the tasteless clumps in the package.4) Turkey? - More like a SlimJim mixed with sawdust.  This is listed in the title as a turkey stick.  Keep in mind that it's only 0.8 ounces -- not that I wanted any more.5) Cheddar Cheee - Ahh... reminds me of Hicorky Farms.  Good enough.6) Gummi Bears - If you like gummi bears, these are as good as it gets.  Natural sugar and vitamin C fortified.7) Spork - cool.  Towlette - handy.  Tatoo - for the kids.I'm sure other people love these meals and I respect their opinion.  I think this product should be targeted at health-concious adults who intend to feed it to their kids.  If, and I mean IF, this was the intention then I would raise my rating; but, that's not how it's advertised.  Personally, I didn't like it because of it wasn't umami (tasty)...
This package is supposed to be a ready-made box for a picnic, but it is highly inadequate both in quality and quantity. What kind of a marketing expert comes up with a crazy idea like this that includes a collapsible spork, a moist towelette, a temporary tattoo, games, jokes & fun food facts in a picnic box. The only food I saw was a Turkey snack stick and a white cheddar cheese slice, both of which are highly inadequate even for a six year old. The strawberry applesauce is also included in this package, but nothing else is there to eat with like crackers for example. Except for Turkey stick, Sunflower Seed Crunch and Calbee baked crisps which actually are adult food; nothing is worth eating or taking it to a picnic. The portions are very small. Picnic food and all the necessities could be made in less than one hour and you can pack for a family of four. A quick snack pack could be done in less than 10 minutes. This product beats my brains.1.First Class Picnic Hamper - Gourmet Food Gift Basket2. American Picnic Gourmet Father's Day Gift Basket
This was pretty bad for dark chocolate or any other chocolate for that matter. The consistency was sort of like chalk, extremely crumbly and way too sweet/milky to have that great punch that dark chocolate has. I would like to say that the overwhelming sweetness was due to the lower cacao percentage that I like, this comes in at 54% where I prefer around 72% and up. But it is just way too sweet. I ended up breaking it up and making a small batch of muffins and not a soul noticed.
I admit that I am not a big dark chocolate fan. I first noticed that the chocolate does not have that sharp bitter taste that most dark chocolate has. Then again, it doesn't really have any taste. By the time I was done eating the chocolate bar, I kind of felt like I ate some wax. From there it did not agree with my system. It might be organic and dark chocolate, but give me a Hershey's bar any day.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
I should have known that it wouldn't taste very peanuty or even have a hint of  honey... and unfortunately I was right..It is overly sweetened with sugar.. not honey..and then filled with oil.. not even peanut oil rather rapeseed and cottonseed oil.well  if you want to eat peanuts and hydrogenated oil( rapeseed and cottonseed oil)) this is the product for you...The product is just sugar, peanuts and Oil...  the honey in the name is the smallest component in the product and  therefore it should be called peanut sugar oil...spread............ No taste of honey in this item..and certainly not a peanut butter like you would expect.Do your self a favor and get a more natural product with minimal or no sugar added... and definitely one that doesn't add MORE OIL to the mix.I will forgo a reorder of this product in place of getting some real peanut butter...
ThinkThin's protein bar is digesting. I took one bite of it and would have thrown it in the garbage -- but my husband saw what I was eating, took a bite then threw it in the garbage. The aftertaste is so overpowering I had to brush my teeth.
I thought I was getting a package of several of these snack bars to sample, but instead I received only one.  Thank goodness. Once I got past a decent chocolate coating, I was quite turned off by the artificial and medicinal strawberry flavor, and the gummy, pasty texture.  (I note that the word "strawberry" doesn't appear once in the ingredients.)  I had a hard time finishing it.  Yes, it's high-protein and gluten-free (not what I'd describe as low-calorie, though).  But when I consider other 200-calorie alternatives that would still help me with weight management (another touted benefit of this product), I would happily choose another option.
There are lots better tasting high protein bars than this.  I just didn't like it.  Very flat tasting.  Not very good chocolate and you had to really use your imagination to taste any strawberry flavor.  It's a real stretch to call this chocolate covered strawberries.  I don't recommend these at all.  I guess nutrition-wise they are fine, but if they don't taste good, why get them when you can find other bars that are good tasting? Glad they only sent one to try.  I would have had a hard time getting through a box of 15 and I don't like to throw food.
This chocolate covered strawberries bar was pretty disgusting.  It tasted like neither chocolate nor strawberries, and while there is cocoa listed in the ingredients, there aren't actually any strawberries in it.  I guess that's why it doesn't taste like strawberries.  What it does taste like is cherry cough syrup.  It left a pretty unpleasant taste in my mouth, so I ended up brushing my teeth a few minutes after eating it.This is not a product that I will ever eat again.
Not a lot more to say than that, the chocolate is waxy and has no taste and the strawberry cookie center tastes terrible. All that and it's still 200 calories...no thanks.
The only word appropriate for describing this product is gross. I eat a lot of protein bars, my favorite being Quest bars. I tend to steer clear of protein bars that have that artificial/chemical flavor and unfortunately these fall into that category for me. Some flavors are better than others and although I wouldn't consider this one the worst (that title belongs to the cookies & cream variety), that's not to say this one was much better.These have that typical "protein bar" texture that's a bit difficult to explain... it's somewhat dry and crumbly and almost seems to dissolve in your mouth as you chew, and the flavor was sickeningly sweet in a very artificial way. Everything about this bar just tasted so unnatural and I've come to expect more from protein products at this price point.Overall I found this bar to be awful and cannot recommend this product.
I'm a pretty big fan of Think Thin's Crunchy Peanut Butter bar and wanted to try some of the brand's other flavors so I bought this flavor and a few others at the store.  I thought that Chocolate Strawberry sounded delicious  I couldn't have been more wrongThe bar looks like many of Think Thin's other creations.  It has a chocolate coating on the outside.  The inside appearance would not lead one to guess "that is chocolate strawberry" because there is no red color.  It is more of a tan/brown color.  Unfortunately, the taste is also not something that would make a person exclaim "this is chocolate covered strawberry!" If your chocolate covered strawberries have tasted like this thing, I weep for you because you must have dipped them in a solution of stale/wet vitamins.  When most companies try to imitate fruit flavors it just doesn't work and this bar is no exception.I have consumed many nutrition bars and have my favorites. The Chocolate Covered Strawberries bar is not anywhere on my list of great protein/nutrition/meal replacement bars.  Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.This bar contains milk, peanuts, soy and tree nuts and is gluten free.  A snapshot of the bar's nutrition facts and the actual bar are included in the product image gallery.These bars are a product of the United States.
I eat protein bars frequently, and I have tried most of the ones on the market.  This is definitely the worst protein bar that I have ever tried.  I took one bite of it and started to gag while I was chewing it, and ended up spitting it into the trash can.  Later that day, I asked my son to try it, and his reaction was almost as bad.Of course, everybody has different tastes.  What is disgusting to me might taste wonderful to another person.  I would recommend buying a single bar to try, rather than an entire box of 15.  Just a FYI, these have 11 grams of sugar alcohol.  If you are sensitive to sugar alcohols (it can cause stomach cramps, loose bowels, etc), then be careful eating this product.
I was hoping for a healthy gluten-free treat that would help me loose weight. I suppose I could be more disappointed, but I'm not sure how. This is my first time trying health/energy bars. I usually just munch on carrots or apples and a little cheese or something like that.With 300mg sodium and 9g fat, 3g of saturated fat and 12g sugar alcohol out of 60g total weight it doesn't seem all that healthy to me. Moreover it has no vitamins or nutritional support. It apparently just tries to fill you up.More important it has all the tasty attraction of wild hickory nuts and cardboard. The Caramel Fudge  does have a hint of caramel and fudge taste and the Chocolate covered Strawberry has  a hint of that taste too. But the flavor is just a hint.The texture is fine for the first small taste, but I could not finish the bar as my mouth began to feel like I was eating Metamucil with a kind of grainy tongue coating texture. Even drinking cranberry juice could not fully clear the unpleasant sensation from my mouth. I've been told by a friend this is common to most health/energy bars. Yuck!If all I had to eat were thinkThin bars I'd probably lose weight by not eating. I would not be very happy or very healthy if I did.
These bars presently sell in a box of 15, $1.94 per bar.  I received one  1.76oz  bar to evaluate and I'm grateful for that. I would have felt guilty tossing a whole box.When I plucked the bar from an 80 degree mailbox the "chocolate" was still firm and  perky. There is something vaguely troubling and mysterious about chocolate that refuses to melt.The interior has the tantalizing and piquant hint of cough syrup and the texture of play-dough. I'll swear I can still feel it stuck in my esophagus a day later.In my opinion you're better off to just THINK thin and skip the bar.
This is a truffle based on Italian stracciatella, or chocolate shavings in cream. The result is a bit sweet, and a bit gritty. The chocolate part almost tastes like coffee grounds. The white chocolate is overly sweet and has an artificial overtone, not like vanilla, hard to describe. Kind of fruity-fake. I really didn't like them. Worse yet, instead of the usually large box for even a tiny part that Amazon uses, they came in a padded envelope and were completely flattened and ruined. And melted--even though it's not all that hot out yet. I suggest you buy these locally if you like the idea of stracciatella truffles.
We received these truffles and they were melted and re-solidified when I went to eat them. It wasn't hot when we received them either, so they didn't melt in our mailbox -- they could have melted en route to our house, but that would be a major packaging issue and I don't plan on ordering chocolate from Amazon again.They also tasted like big balls of frosting, if you like that kind of thing, you might enjoy these.
This bag and another came complete melted into something that was not recognizable.  Therefore, I can't tell you how it tasted.  It was ALL melted and even putting it in the freezer didn't help.  As with other reviews when the product has been damaged, Amazon will probably not accept review because it reflects unfavorably.  Any time I have put up a review where the item has been damaged, the review has been rejected.  That doesn't seem very fair.  All reviews should be posted. We will see.
I'm a big fan of Lindt, but by the time these got to me, they were a melted, liquid mess. It had gotten all over the mailing envelope and was even on my front porch! Too bad.
I would love to be able to review this item, but couldn't taste any of it since it came completely melted.  Inside of the bag was just a complete, melted bunch of goo.  Couldn't even muster a little taste. Very messy. You would thing that Vine would ship these items more carefully. doesn't do much good if you can't sample it.
Way too sweet, not enough chocolate or peanut butter flavor. Melted in delivery and these are really not good after being melted and refrigerated again - the texture is lost.
and all screwed up. I do not suppose I will receive a replacement, as I don't believe that's allowed in Vine. Too bad, it smelled good! I would like to add a picture but I cannot find an upload button.
Most high quality coffees have layers of flavor and nose you want to smell. I brewed this using my French press and was extremely disappointed.  This Melitta Classique Supreme is some of the worst, most bitter, awful-tasting coffee I have ever had.  There is no depth to it, it is not a "good bitter" like espresso, it is flat and harsh to the palate.Perhaps I am spoiled by having excellent local coffee producers, from which I purchase whole bean and grind them fresh before each brew. But I've actually had canned coffee from supermarkets that possessed more personality than this stuff.
I am a true coffee lover  and it is my favorite beverage morning or night.  I enjoy brewing coffee at home and buy a variety of brands in varying price points.  After reading the description of the Melitta Cafe Collection I was excited to brew it.  I was extremely disappointed by how stale the coffee smelled when I opened the bag and was not impressed by the flavor after I brewed it.  It tasted like a pouch of hotel coffee, no flavor, stale and bad aroma.  The packaging looks upscale and is a great price but unfortunately the coffee was not good, I had to throw it away.
I do not know whether our product was out-dated, but my wife and I were both very disappointed in this brand of coffee. It had a bitter taste and simply wasn't what we had hoped. In comparison to other dark roast brands, I simply cannot recommend this one. We did not care for the flavor.
I guess I'm just a purist when it comes to coffee and I do like good coffee. This is just another artificially flavored coffee to me and I guess I just don't like flavored coffee, what's the point? I had one cup which I barely got down and it repeated on me all day yuck! If you like the flavored stuff then go ahead and try it but if you are a real coffee lover you may want to stick to good unadulterated real coffee. There are lots of flavored creamers out there why mess up good coffee beans?
This was not acceptable either as a sweetener in a baked product or drink, for the trade-off in calories.  Compared to Splenda, it has a more noticeable "bite".  I wish it were better, but that is the conclusion.
Let's admit first that this stuff doesn't actually taste like sugar. It has a bitter, artificial taste.So do artificial sweeteners, and plenty of people use those. If you don't object to the taste of diet sodas, for example, Sun Crystals could be a more wholesome, or at least a more natural alternative for sweetening your coffee. You can also bake with them, something which isn't true of most artificial sweeteners.Sun Crystals recycles and donates 1% of their sales to environmental causes. If you can enjoy the flavor, give it a try. For me, black coffee is a better alternative.
If you're gluten free because of celiac or gluten intolerance, Kind Bars *look* like they're great.  But they have a problem--they have a double-whammy of being both high fructose (most celiacs have acquired fructose intolerance) and having inulin.  Inulin is just bad news for sensitive tummies.  If that's you, eat these and you'll have a rumbly, painful tummy.It would be funny, but they taste so yummy.  Larabars are a lot less lethal and less expensive. (Larabars made without apples are mostly dates, which are o.k. in small quantities, for most people with celiac-disease related acquired fructose intolerance.)
Enfagrow is a decent brand of children's formula but I found this milk formula's ingredients a tad alarming. although this is a rebranding / reformulation, the corn syrup solids are still in the ingredients list (albeit they've been moved one ingredient down). They say that most humans in North America are 99% made of corn, and Enfagrow wants to make sure that they start early (:::j/k:::).This formula also has nonfat milk instead of whole milk, which is alarming. What ingredients have been stripped away from the whole milk?I wish that it was possible for every mother to continue to breastfeed her baby until the child could be transitioned to real solid foods. However, that is impossible. That is why Enfagrow and other brands need to take their formulas seriously. Even with the reformulation, I would still not give my baby this formula.
This so definitely is no longer a trustworthy product.  Changes in the formula haven't been for the better.  The description sounds good, but read the list of ingredients on the can.  Corn syrup as the #1 ingredient makes this a major no-no.
I have found Stash teas to be very hit or miss.  I love Moroccan Mint teas in general and decided to give Stash's a try.  Upon opening the packet there was no mint scent at all.  That was a red alert as mint has a crisp and strong scent for a very long time (I found a box of mint tea in my pantry that was two years past date and when opened still had strong clean mint scent).I've made tea with the Stash Moroccan Mint Green four times now and it not only doesn't have the mint flavor, it doesn't have much of a green tea flavor either.I tried using hotter water, steeping a long time and nothing makes it better.using it as a filler tea now with various others.
These were my favorite noodles to use for my lasagna until they changed it to these very, very thin noodles that are flat instead of wavy. You need to use at least 1/3 more to get the noodles to even be able to taste that they are in there. Not sure why you changed them, Barilla, but you had a great product until you did this. I won't buy them again and I've been using these (before you changed them) for over 20 years. Guess I'll have to buy the old fashioned kind and cook them in boiling water first and then layer them. At least then I'll know there are enough and that they are thick enough.
I like the overall concept of this item - it allows you to easily send a collection of snack items as a gift for college students or anyone who would like a small "care package" from home. Plus, all the items are gluten free, which is important to me given that my niece is gluten sensitive, and is attending college. I was thinking this would be something I could order for her.However, after tasting the items, I won't be ordering it for anyone. My assessment of the items:>Multi-Seed Crackers - wonderful! Crunchy, tasty, just a little salt. Loved them.>Blueberry Pomegranate Trail Mix - another hit. Tasty, although a bit light on the blueberries for my taste. Sweet and filling.>Sharkies - basically a watermelon flavored gummie bear. Not offensive, but nothing special either. But, better ingredients than you normally find in a gummie.>Popchips - a popped chip that is BBQ flavored. I liked the texture, but the BBQ flavoring was too sweet, tasted artificial, and had a bad aftertaste.>Hummus Dip - very poor. Way too processed in terms of texture, and had a flat, metallic taste. Product of Jordan.>Sheffa snack mix  - a combination of chickpea noodles, corn nuts, sunflower and pumpkin seeds.  The concept sounds good, but it had a significant rancid taste to it. The sell-by date was 6 months away, so perhaps that's what it is supposed to taste like? In any case, it was horrible. Product of Israel.>Raspberry drink mix - OK. It was not offensive, but not something I'd want seconds of. Lots of vitamin C, so it might come in handy when you have a cold and your taste buds are not that active.It also comes with a Go Picnic box lunch that contains:>Multi Seed Crackers - wonderful!>Ginger Zip dried fruit and nuts - pretty good>Almond Roca - tasty>Beef Steak Nuggets - it looks like dog treats and, while I have never tasted a dog treat, I expect this is what they would taste like. Beyond horrible.>Parmesan Peppercorn cheese spread - semi-edible provided you're really hungry.I also did not like the fact that while the outside of the main box said "Made in USA," at least two of the products were not from the US. I guess they technically "made" the assortment (e.g., packaging) in the US, but I see that as false advertising since not all the food products are US-made.After tasting these items, it is not something I would want to send to anyone. The multi seed crackers, the dried fruit/nuts, and the trail mix are worth 4 to 5 stars; the rest is zero to (at best) 2 stars.  Overall, 1 star since the bad items were REALLY bad, and I'm not happy with the false statement on the box lid about it being made in the USA.
The product description for this item is very confusing.What was actually in the box:1 package cheese straws1 package beef bites2 small packages of cookies1 bag of pretzel things1 bag of cashew crunch1 turkey stick snack boxFor a total of 26.5 ounces of food in the package, bringing the cost to over $1.05 per ounce.There was no Emergen-C fizzy energy drink mix, no Late July Organic Mini Cheddar Cheese Bite Size Sandwich crackers, no Pretzel Pete's Honey Mustard Pretzel Nuggets, no Crummy Brothers Organic Chocolate Chip Cookies, no Surf Sweets Super Sour Worms, and no GoTrek ready-to-eat meal, full of fun & tasty foods like Jack Link's Beef Steak Nuggets, Copper Cowbell Swiss cheese slice, Sheffa Zesty snack mix, Mariani dried cranberries & pineapple, Swiss Delicato chocolate with almonds, nougat & honey.There was not seven items plus the GoPicnic mealIn total there were 5 foods plus the GoPicnic meal (granted if you counted each tiny package of cookies as a separate item, you could say that there were 6 foods plus the GoPicnic meal)This is a work in progress, as I only tried 3 of the foods so far, but I wanted to write while my impressions were fresh.The pretzel thins are tasty, a bit dry, but so far the best thing I have tried from the box.The beef bites have a soft, rather greasy texture, but the flavor is ok.The cheese straws were awful, dry, a rather funky cheese taste with some seasonings that did nothing to make the cheese taste better.Not everyone will have the same reaction to the tastes, a friend that was over was crazy about the cheese straws, while my daughter and I were only able to eat one each and then we wanted to go scrub the taste out of our mouths. My grandson backed away from me when I offered him one of the cheese straws, but he really enjoyed the beef bites,to be continued
I like vanilla flavored coffee and expected to like this.  I figured Starbucks would deliver premium quality for a premium price.  But, this coffee didn't pass the taste test.  It was a pretty mild vanilla flavor and a pretty weak coffee flavor, neither of which appealed to me.  Yet the worst aspect of this coffee was the kind of artificial flavor aftertaste.  I'm not sure if that's worth buying unless they figure out a better formula.
Starbucks Natural Fusions Vanilla coffeeisn't all it's cracked up to be. You can clearly smell the vanilla when you open the bag but..... brewing destroys itAfter I brewed a pot, Could not smell the vanilla nor taste it. The Vanilla was gone.Save your money. There's no vanilla flavor, just vanilla scent in the coffee grounds fresh out of the bag
... consistently bad.--- EDITED 11-27-2010 ---Has anyone read the ingredients? This product contains corn maltodextrin (which I have an allergy to), vegetable glycerin, and Indian sarsaparilla root. This is probably where the odd and nasty taste I am getting is coming from.And why the hell are these in coffee? Shouldn't it be JUST coffee and whatever flavoring is added?Way to go Starbucks! 1 star!--- EDIT ---I've tried many different Starbucks coffees, from morning blends to more flavored coffees and not one have I enjoyed or liked.The vanilla flavor in Starbucks Natural Fusions is a joke. When you first open the bag you are hit with this amazing aroma of nice fragrant coffee with a delightful hint of vanilla. When brewing, you completely loose the vanilla smell. And once tasted, the vanilla is GONE. And I don't think I should be expected to have to add something (be it milk, cream, or some other product) to bring out the flavor of the coffee. A good coffee can stand alone straight from the pot.No matter how weak or strong I made it, it had a not so pleasant taste to it. I'm thinking that it had a lot of quakers in it before the coffee was ground, thus this odd taste was present.The only redeeming quality is the look and design of the bag, initial smell, and the fact that it gives me my caffeine for the day, even if I have to chug it.Back to the drawing board Starbucks and come back with a better tasting blend.Pros:Smells great!Didn't get a bitter taste from it (oddly enough).Cons:Didn't taste like vanilla by any stretch.Isn't all that palatable to my or three other peoples taste.Pricey for mediocre coffee.
I love Starbucks.  I love vanilla.  So why didn't this work for me?  Why didn't this become my go to coffee in the morning, the one I would want to brew on cold evenings at home, the one that would accompany after dinner desserts with friends and family?  I really couldn't tell you.  I found the taste to be off, in that I didn't even think of vanilla as I drank it.  It also had a very bitter after taste that stuck with me for awhile even after only one sip.  I even attempted to add more milk and more sugar to decrease the vial flavor but amazingly it was like the coffee fought back, denying all my attempts at actually making something drinkable.I am sorry Starbucks, but this was a fail for me.  Actually threw out the bag so I wouldn't even have it in my kitchen.  I'll try again with something else perhaps not "natually fused".
I'm usually a big fan of Starbucks' bagged coffees and of flavored coffees in general, but this one just has an odd taste and aftertaste to it.  It doesn't even really taste like vanilla to me -- just like some kind of flavored hot beverage.  I even tried brewing this with different strengths to see if that made any difference, but it doesn't seem to make any difference.  I'd stay away from this one.  It really just doesn't taste good.
We got this Vanilla coffee hoping it would be a good coffee. Hubby brews the pot as one of those lovely breakfast in bed scenes. Smells good as it's perking in the pot. I smell the cup when he places at my bedside table. I cannot describe exactly what I was tasting...Perfume...Chicory...something not so good. Down the drain it goes. Thinking we might need to make it stronger....maybe it will taste good this time??? NOPE. Down the drain. Rinse pot. Add our usual Starbucks Beans for the next pot in anticipation of a good cuppa and it still tastes like the awful vanilla. I've had to send the pot through its clean cycle now. Tomorrow we will try our regular beans again and hopefully we won't be reminded of that awful vanilla.....
Yes, I did smell the vanilla (and even saw it) when I opened the bag and pour the contents out. However, once the coffee was made, the taste was a disappointment to myself. Perhaps I got used to another coffee which was much more to my liking. In any case, not only did this coffee taste bitter to me, but the vanilla taste was weaker than I expected (again, this is in comparison to another vanilla-flavored coffee I've had, which gave me a stronger vanilla "experience"). This Starbucks product is pretty strong coffee (the instructions tell you to use 2 TBS of ground coffee for 6 ounces of water) and to my taste - seems quite bitter if I follow their instructions. However, once I add some milk to it, the bitterness is masked somewhat - but I would not drink this black if I have a choice. Personally, I would not buy it myself or recommend this product to a friend.
I am one of the biggest Starbucks fans and have tried nearly every blend of coffee bean they have.  While I am not a huge fan of flavored coffees due to the nature of the artificial flavoring they add when Starbucks came out with ALL NATURAL Fusions I was intrigued.I have tried all three blends they offer: cinnamon, vanilla and caramel.Caramel blew me away and I loved it and the description on the bag of vanilla had me guessing it would be the same subtle syrupy sweetly decadent taste that I would like.Not even close.  The vanilla did not impress me at all the while the scent of the coffee smelled heavenly and even my kids remarked on it, the flavor was off putting. The aftertaste made me grimace and I slogged my way through the first cup and offered one to my husband who did not like it either. We poured the rest of the pot out.  I took to to work and brewed a pot and two of my coworkers loved it so to each their own.I would not buy this flavor again or the cinnamon but I have bought multiple bags of the caramel.  I am glad Starbucks is making natural flavored coffees and is a leader in the industry by being the first to do so.
I drink Starbucks coffee at home each morning.  I like a strong bold cup and therefore usually brew the darker roasts.  I am not a huge fan of flavored creamers but on occaision I will get a vanilla flavored coffee at a bagel shop.  I was excited to see Starbucks new line of flavored coffees because I assumed the quality would be just as good as their regular coffees and that the premium price would provide a genuine good hint of vanilla flavor.  I was deeply dissappointed in the strong artificial vanilla smell and taste when I brewed this coffee.  I couldn't even drink it with my 1/2 & 1/2 in it. It was worse than any gas station flavored coffee or instant vanilla coffee beverage I have tried.  The aftertaste was terrible and I had to throw away the remaining coffee.
I got a free sample of this product (ground coffee beans) from the Starbucks company today (December 29, 2010).  The artificial vanilla flavor was NOT impressive.  It simply does not taste much like vanilla.  The added "vanilla" just provides some off-beat chemical flavor.  Even worse, is that this chemical flavor lingers on the metal coffee filter, and contaminates the flavor of any coffee that is subsequently brewed.Another overall problem with Starbucks coffee is that, in an attempt to imitate Peet's coffee, the Starbucks company provides a generous roasting of their coffee, but they over-roast their coffee to the point that the overwhelming flavor is one of charred or burned wood.Thus, for my 5-cup a day habit, I stick to Folger's, and when I want to treat myself, I buy Peets.  I am not sure why the Starbucks company is so successful, but I am sure it has MORE TO DO with their nice furniture, the creative nomenclature of their coffees, various other marketing gimmicks, and the endless selection of sugared, candied, confectioned, and embellished coffees, and LESS TO DO with the quality of the coffee itself.As a graduate student at U.C. Berkeley, I lived directly across the street from the first Peet's coffee shop, located at Walnut Square in Berkeley, California.  I first went to Peet's in the year 1973.
I love fruit chewy candy.  Now that I've tasted Sorbee Crystal Light Sugar-Free Chewy Candy I can say with certainly that I live ONLY SUGAR fruit chewy candy.  This product is peculiar in taste.  It doesn't taste natural.  I would rather consume a third more calories with sugar included than whatever substitutes for sugar in this product.  Moreover this product is made with "palm oil and/or palm kernel oil" - not what I want going into my body.  I'm sorry for my honesty, but I would not ever buy this product.  I do however like crystal light drinks. :)
I have occastionally used crystal light packets in the past to spruce up my water and enjoyed the flavors and thought "What a great idea, a candy...."  They look like a starburst in similar packaging but are not soft like a starburst, they are more hard and work into soft, like a now and later.  They stick to the wrapper something fierce and the taste is, well, horrible in all four flavors, most especially the lemon, which would come in somewhere behind licking your coffee table after polishing it with lemon scented spray.  The texture is like plastic.  Other than the calories being low, I can't fathom any reason to buy these.  Not huge on the list for many people, but the list of ingredients is a bit appalling.  The front of the package says natural and artificial flavors, but really?  I don't know what is natural in these, hydrogenated starch hydrolysate is the first ingredient....and it goes downhill from there.  This one is a huge pass for me.  I would not buy these and would not recommend them.
These tiny candies look like a softer version of Starburst.  They have about 12 calories per candy.  A full serving is 100 calories.The good: The strawberry and lemon candies didn't taste too bad.The bad:The orange candies have a horrible after taste.They stick to dental work.They are so soft that most are bubbled or seeping out of the wrappers when the bag was opened.I ate a full serving and spent the rest of the day in the bathroom.I can't say I'd ever pay money for these.
Sugar Free Crystal Light Sorbee Chew Candy is a flavorful, Gluten-free treat. With 1/3 fewer calories than regular chew candy, it comes in four yummy flavors...strawberry, lemon, orange, and raspberry. Similar to Starbursts, it is a sticky candy that melts in your mouth. Each serving size (approximately 8 pieces) is equivalent to 100 calories. Clearly labeled that it may contain soy, milk, peanuts, and tree nuts, those with allergies need to be careful. The list of artificial ingredients is a cause for concern. Also, the package indicates that excessive consumption may cause a laxative effect. After sampling the recommended serving size on a few occasions, my stomach felt queasy. Due to the amount of unnatural additives plus the unpleasant side effects I experienced from eating this candy, I do not recommend this product.
I really can't believe I'm saying this, but I hated this candy! In my world, even the worst candy is better then many things, but this Sorbee Crystal Light Sugar-Free Chewy Candy was just terrible. It looked like Starburst, it had the texture of Starburst, but it tasted like some kind of failed science fair experiment. The flavor is difficult to describe other than to say it is very sour, with a chemical aftertaste and no discernible fruit flavor. I ate one of each flavor and threw the rest of the bag away.
Disclaimer:  These candies were given to me free as a part of me being in the Amazon Vine program for the purpose of providing this review.Other reviewers said that the packaging indicates that eating a full serving of these candies may have a laxative effect on a person.I didn't notice that warning on the packaging, and as a result of eating these candies, a few hours later my bathroom sounded like a haunted house.Even if the candy didn't leave me feeling like I had a small person inside my lower intestine trying to kick its way out, I still wouldn't buy them as the flavor is just plain bad.  Every flavor is either overly tart, has a bad aftertaste, or both.I wholeheartedly do not reccommend this product, it tastes bad and will leave you reeling in digestive pain.  Terrible terrible stuff.  Just awful.
This is probably the worst mix drink I have ever had.  First it is too sweat due to too much stevia added.  Then the flavor is incredibly horrible.  This does not taste like pomegranate, it tastes like sick bubble gum.  I would avoid this product like the plague.  I would rather get my vitamins through my supplements.
I took one sip of this and could not drink any more. I regularly drink Emergen-C and love that. Maybe it's the extra herbs or something, but it has a yucky after taste, kinda medicinal. It smells amazing, but I will be dumping this out.
This sounded like a fantastic opportunity to add flavor and nutrients to my everyday water.  As someone with fairly intensive fatigue after 6 months of chemotherapy (for rheumatoid arthritis) I'll take all the help I can get...  The packaging is convenient, the powder is sugar free and supposedly energy boosting.  Sounded good to me...The packaging is easy to open and attractive.  Made me feel like I was about to enjoy something fun and funky.Alas, it was funky.  And not in a good way.  I only took a couple of sips because the flavor was not my speed- too tart and dry, a bit chalky, instead of quenching... It has ascorbic acid providing vitamin C and due to G6PD deficiency, I avoid products with added ascorbic acid as it can cause red blood cell oxidation and lead to hemolytic anemia.  For people who are not G6PD deficient- it isn't a problem and if someone likes the taste of this it may be beneficial to them, or it may not. If they are uber-acai pomegranate fanatics than maybe they will enjoy the taste... I'm a pomegrantate fan but I'm starting to thing that acai tastes like the first syllable of the word acai, or maybe I have just tried the wrong products with the flavor.
I love the taste of pomegranates and this had barely a hint of that taste.  I dumped the packet into my water and stirred, and stirred, and stirred...it would not completely dissolved.  The drink had an overpowering nasty flavor with a gritty/powdery texture.  I had to double the water to water down the nastiness.  The aftertaste was bad as well.  I did not notice any boost in my energy...but maybe all the extra energy was used up trying to get the taste out of my mouth.
i only got one little packet of these, not the 30 count that is says.it tasted like medicine and made me very jittery.it also made my heart race.i didn't like it
Nothing is too sweet for this kid so this stuff must taste really bad.Regardless, you don't drink your way to health.  If you need vitamins, take a pill.  If you need fruit, eat one.  If you are thirsty, drink water.Do not believe that any sweetened drink, natural or artificial, is healthy.
First of all, there is no way to evaluate the "health" efficacy of a single dose that, by appearance and taste, represents a merger of KoolAid and the archaic tablet, FIZZIES. Moreover, anyone who can stand the taste but who is diabetes or metabolic syndrome prone should still avoid this product. Finally, any claim that the product contains, in addition to sugar, more than token, trace amounts of substances that improve and/or maintain "health" is wholly unsubstantiated. Was overrated as 1 because there is no ZERO(or a minus rating)!
Sorry, I don't like panning a product but there is no where else to go with this stuff. The label is too small for me to read the ingredients and I don't seem them listed online other than in reviews. One reviewer says it "contains 20 calories and 4 grams of sugar (print is so small I'm reading with a magnifying glass). Each packet contains 100% of your daily needs of chromium, copper and zinc, and 143% of your daily requirement of selenium. The EBOOST blend contains 340mg of Acai fruit and green tea extract."  I'll take their word for it.I have no way to assess the health value, nor did I feel any energy boost. However, I can tell you I didn't like the taste. It was very sweet but maybe not sugary, which I also wouldn't like but more of an artificial sweetener taste. If you want sweet colored water with a nasty aftertaste, this may be the drink for you. Otherwise try something likeEmergen-C Vitamin C Fizzy Drink Mix, 1000 mg, Raspberry, 0.3 Ounce Packets, 30-Packets
The powder smells like Kool Aid. Adding water makes it foam for a minute. At that point it tastes a little creamy, which I actually liked. But it quickly subsides into a flat drink, both in texture and flavor. The good thing is that it's only slightly sweet, but the rest of the flavor is pretty awful. There is a moderate amount of sourness, finishing with a slight bitterness reminiscent of biting an aspirin. The flavors of acai and pomegranate are vague at best.As for claims of boosting energy and metabolism? I don't feel more energetic than I normally do. The ingredients read like a multivitamin with salts and acai/green tea/etc. The claims made on the manufacturer's website for each ingredient sound dubious, and pretty lazy at that with each ingredient described to do the same exact thing. I doubt any studies were conducted to verify their claims.I'm sticking to drinking real green tea.
Thank goodness every drink that is 'GOOD FOR YOU' doesn't taste like this.  I rec'd the pomagra/acai flavor and it was absolutely awful.  I mixed it right after reading it several times, not that it was that hard to understand but it was just small print on the package. Mixed the powder with water and tasted it and wanting it to taste decent and it tasted like a nasty mediciny syrup you might have gotten as a kid. I left it on the sink and went back later thinking my taster might have been off but NO, it was just as nasty this time.  Down the sink it went.
The product simply tastes horrible.  I can only describe it as chaulky and disappointing (for my taste).  However, not too sweet.  After taking this, I did not feel any more energetic than I normally do.  According to the product label, one serving contains 2,500mcg of B-12, which is large by any measure.It should be pointed out this product does not contain artificial ingredients and travels well in its self-contained single serving packet. However, such packaging typically costs more than it should.
This product tastes awful! I mixed it with water per the directions and watched it begin to fizz, which was pretty cool. But the taste of this stuff is terrible. It reminded me of Golytely, that nasty drink required before a colonoscopy. I finished the 8 oz glass, but soon after began to feel nauseous. The drink also left a yucky aftertaste, much like the diet drinks of old that contained saccharin.On the positive, it contains a lot of vitamins, which is probably why it tastes so awful. However, I would rather pop a vitamin pill than drink this again. And while it claims to boost your energy, it contains caffeine, which may have something to do with that.If you really want to try this, I highly recommend that you hold your nose and chug it down. Then, eat something or chew gum to get rid of the aftertaste. As an alternative, I recommend taking a multivitamin with a glass of water. If you need that caffeine boost, drink a cup of coffee or have a cola.
Not many natural drinks that are energy focused have a warning on them for people with high blood pressure.  This one does.  Since that's not explicit on the listing, I was duped into getting this to review. Unfortunately, I'm not even going to chance it.Here's to full disclosure on products sold on Amazon. Everything can't be in the disclaimer and most people don't read pages full of disclosures. The least they could do is put a full copy of the product packaging on here, since it is big & shown clearly on the packaging.
How do I describe this drink? Nasy and sweet tasting. It didn't taste like pomegranate, it tasted like sweet Alka Seltzer. My husband and I both tasted one sip,and both said "gross!" at the same time. It might give you a boost with the caffeine, if you can get the strength to drink the whole eight ounces. Sorry, but I won't be tasting this drink again, we dumped it out. Others might like this, but we couldn't get past how sweet this drink was, and how it left a nasty after taste.
Artificial sweeteners taste bitter to me, and sadly, that is all I could taste in the one sip I drank.  I checked for the ingredients online, since they are impossible to read on the little packet.  One site listed Stevia and cane juice crystals (another name for sugar).
I only had one packet of this so am unable to evaluate it on it's health benefits. Truthfully, even if I had more I probably wouldn't be able to evaluate it properly because I doubt I would be willing to choke down any more of it.I can say it didn't affect my energy levels whatsoever. As far as the taste goes, it is absolutely disgusting and has a long lasting aftertaste to boot. Imagine bitter splenda and that about sums up the flavor...
I am a junkie for drink sticks and am always looking for a new flavor.  The fact that this is also a healthy energy drink, with no crash is a plus.  In addition EBOOST puts some of their process towards the National Breast Cancer Research.  Sadly, this is where all the positives end.The flavor of this beverage is almost medicinal. This drink is almost like a cross between TUMS and Alka Seltzer.  Speaking of Alka Seltzer, when I put the powder in the water it started fizzing like Professor Honeydew was going off the deep end.  I digress to the taste, I really do not detect pomegranate at all.  If I had to pick a flavor I would say a very, very bitter mixed berry. Overall I am very disappointed with this drink stick.  At least the color of the beverage is rather tranquil, once it is mixed.
(Note to Amazon-Vine Admin: I don't know how I am supposed to form an accurate opinion with one tube of the product. This is the best I can do)This was pretty gross. The best part was watching it fizz. First I wasn't sure how much water to add & I didn't have my microscope, the package print is truely microscopic. After a moment or two of squinting I saw the 8 oz. of water directions & did my best guestimate in my water bottle.There was a lot of pink fizzing action. And a pretty pleasant fruity smell. When the fizz died down, I gave it an experimental taste--and the first sip wasn't totally awful. Then the bitter kicked in. It was still vaguely fruity on the front of my tongue but seriously bitter in the back. I got no pomegranate or acai flavour.As to the healthful effects of the vitamins & such...with one tube, who can say. I am, in some ways, glad there isn't more because of the nasty taste. But I can't guage whether my e was boosted or not.This is ground up pop-rocks and Flintstone vitamins in a tube with unsweetened Koolaid. Take it to your next Harry Potter-themed party and use it in the potions for effect.
I took a long time to try EBOOST after I received it, because I was worried it might be bad to take it with a multi-vitamin (I hadn't considered this when I ordered it). But today I was feeling a bit tired, so I thought I'd go ahead and try it. There were no warnings on the package, so I figured it was probably ok.I sound like I'm building up to some kind of terrible reaction, but nothing happened. There was no effect at all, good or bad, because I just couldn't drink the stuff. I tried, but it was so nasty. It's very sweet on the surface, like artificial sweetner. This didn't bother me so much, though. What bothered me was the bitter, flat under-taste it had. It tasted like the lemon-lime laxative doctors force you to chug when they want to clean you out. Really awful. And it didn't go well with the artificial sweetner. It was bad enough to make me shudder.I'm sorry I can't write about how beneficial I found this drink mix. But it can't do me a lot of good if I can't drink it in the first place.
I am a huge coffee drinker and I am always looking to try something new. I have tried other Wolfgang Puck coffee that was decent so I decided to try the Jamaica Me Crazy coffee. I was expecting a high quality and pleasant tasting experience. Instead I got this nasty and extremely bitter tasting coffee that I truly despise. It was a lot more than just the bitterness; it had this very weird taste unlike no other coffee that I had ever tried. There really isn't many types of coffee that I don&#8217;t like and even far fewer that I really hate. This coffee would absolutely be my least favorite in probably several hundred different types of coffee that I have tried over the years. I ended up giving the coffee away and will never make that mistake again.
I was sort of excited to try these because licorice is one of my favorite sweets & I'm always eying up new flavors to try out. This just sort of seemed a natural fit for me as far as a vine review goes.The good thing is that the texture to these are pretty good. It's nice & chewy without being too chewy or too soft. It's a happy medium, although I do recommend that you try to get these as fresh as possible since I can't imagine trying to eat these when they've a little old or have been exposed to air & not stored properly.The bad thing is that these just have this funky aftertaste to them. The basic taste is fine enough. It doesn't taste like pomegranate & normally I'd be OK with this since candy often labels things "watermelon" or "strawberry" when it doesn't taste anything remotely like the fruit. Since this is supposed to be mostly organic & natural, I really expected it to taste more like actual pomegranate. Then there's the occasional weird aftertaste these have to them that's somewhat unpleasant. I can't really explain it but it's not a taste that I'd really care to have in my mouth.One thing I do want to mention is that out of the 11 ingredients in this product, only 3 are organic. That doesn't bother me much, but I know that there are some people who get irritated at how some labels mention "organic" but only a small part of it is actually organic. At that point you really can't call the product organic since it has non-organic product in it. (There's no USDA organic label on this anywhere, if you were wondering, which can only be put on if a certain percentage of the product is organic.) Note that this product didn't have "made with organic ingredients" on it, just "made with organic sugar". The people who label watch for organic products will know what that means. I mention all of this because I know some are very picky about product that have organic anywhere on it.Overall I wasn't really that enthusiastic about this product. It wasn't horrible but I can safely say that I probably won't be buying any of these in the future. I might & I stress *might* try one of the other flavors, but that'd only be if the price was right.EDIT:Updated to say that I won't be buying any of this in the future. The licorice I ate later is really making me feel a little gross. Like another reviewer said, it's just sitting there like a pile of lead & is giving me some pretty bad indigestion. If you have a cast iron stomach (which admittedly mine isn't as strong as it once was but is still pretty good), then you probably won't have a problem with this. This has to be the first licorice product that has remained unfinished in my house ever.
Newman's Own Organics Pomegranate Licorice Twiststaste decent but they just don't taste of pomegranatefor starters, a bitter after taste some foods leave in your mouth - that came first. I had to chew a few more pieces to get that to go away. That was unplesantsecond, they taste nothing like pomegranate. They basically tasted like ordinary red licorice. It's not worth the money. don't bother.
These little meals seem like a great idea, but I'd expect the contents to be healthier. Sodium Nitrate/Sodium Nitrite is a carcinogen and it causes cystic acne and boils in some people. There is absolutely no reason to put it in food and nothing that contains it should be considered healthy.
My relationship to food is very much a balance between cost and taste -- I'm willing to pay for pricey food that's amazing, but I have a very keen internal sense of what's "worth" it and what isn't. This box of snacks ain't worth it. First of all it's only a meal for folks who tend to eat smallish meals. Yes, it has 410 calories, but I would guess most of that is the chocolate and trail mix. There's not enough bulk here to constitute what I would call a meal, and unfortunately, the "main dish" is awful. The box contains:A 1-oz. package of roasted and lightly salted edamame, which I actually liked, but I suspect most people will hate. It's got a very subtle flavor that most people I know hate.A .75-oz. package of fruit/nut/ginger trail mix. I like trail mix, this struck me as a bit sweet and the two handfulls don't last long.A 1.6-oz. packet of "chili lime salmon spread" to have with 6 small circular crackers. The crackers are totally fine (hard to screw up a cracker), but the salmon spread is awful. I love salmon, I love chili lime concotions, I love seafood spreads. This was nauseatingly bad, way too fishy and the red pepper base totally overwhelms the chili lime flavor. This part of the package needs a completely new recipe. (And why is this packaged with a plastic fork? It's a spread, it needs a knife!)A .4-oz. square of dark chocolate. This was quite good and just the right size.So, a pretty mediocre bundle of organic snacks at an outrageous price makes this a terrible value.
This is truly some nasty salmon.  The taste and mouth feel are awful.  I love fish prepared in a variety of ways - but not mashed up with some yucky seasoning and put in a can.  I have served more appealing cat food (to cats of course).  The trail mix was mostly dried bananas.  The dried soy beans were flavorless.  The chocolate was ordinary.  The crackers were just OK as well.  All in all, a very disappointing box of food and certainly no picnic.
OK, I'm all for having some convenience here and there and a 8 point meal by weight watchers standards sounds intriguing, but this "meal" is really only a snack. Most of the items in this box, you would be better off buying in larger quantities and making your own servings from them. Dry roasted Edamame very tasty, trail mix good, crackers - check, but none of them are something you can't buy in a larger quantity, Chocolate same as the everything else in this over priced snack pack. Now, we get to the reason I was interested in trying this "meal"....the salmon spread! YUCK, I couldn't even finish it, it tasted like what I would think cat food taste like(probably worse)! Do yourself a favor and buy some similar items and buy some small reseal-able containers and make you own nutritious snacks or meals, they'll taste better and you'll save a lot of money.
I am sorry to say that I was disappointed in Maxwell House International Coffee Peppermint Mocha Latte. If Teddy Roosevelt had been served this coffee at the Maxwell House hotel, Maxwell House may never have earned their colophon ("Good to the last drop.") This beverage boasts of two flavors; peppermint and mocha. Peppermint flavor has a strong beginning and a weak ending. Also the peppermint flavor does not linger. The mocha flavor is weak to non-existent throughout. I tried following the package directions; four teaspoons per six to eight ounces of water. I then kept adding more and more mix. Unfortunately, I could not find an acceptable ratio. This has to be the worst Maxwell House product I have tried. I do not think it is worth the money. It is very expensive. For the same cost, you could buy coffee beans, peppermint candy, cocoa and milk and create a much better home-made concoction. For the price of one canister, you could probably buy two cups of latte at Starbucks and enjoy it much more.
I am a big fan of eating cereal any time of the day, especially for breakfast. It's fast, convenient, and a healthy start to the day. I was excited about tasting this cereal because it is gluten-free and contains quinoa, which Dr. Oz says is a must for any diet. On first inspection, the cereal looks as if it's a combination of Corn Pops, Rice Krispies, and Wheaties. It has a lot going on in one box. In terms of taste, it has a vanilla flavoring that lingers in your mouth long after you have eaten it. Not very appealing! As for  the nutritional value, I was surprised at the lack thereof. Comparing Original Special K (serving size is one cup) to the Crunchy Vanilla Sunrise (serving size is 2/3 cup) without adding any milk, SK has 15% Vitamin A of the daily recommended amount and CVS has 0%. As for vitamin C, SK has 35% and CVS has 0% and sugars SK has 4g and CVS has 7g. It doesn't look like the Crunchy Vanilla Sunrise is all that healthy. Overall, if you like the taste, it's probably better than eating a sugary cereal; however, I wouldn't buy it.
I eat cereal every day and always look for different varieties which are low fat and with new flavors so I was excited to get these. First Amazon does not ship dry packaged goods well. This is one of several boxes of food that has arrived at my house either crushed or in crumbs. After getting beyond the look, the flavor left a bitter after taste. I enjoy vanilla, but I suspect that the extract in the cereal created this effect. The cereal itself includes flakes, rice crisps and puffs-too much going on for one cereal. The manufacturer needs to stick with one look and perfect that.All in all I would not recommend this cereal. There are better ones out there and for less money too.
See that disclaimer on the product page that says the actual ingredients may differ from what's listed? Apparently, the manufacturer thinks it's OK to switch to using the "Big 8" allergens; there's no milk listed in the published ingredients, but there it is on the side of the box.Two differences that will seem trivial to anyone who doesn't care about milk products: the ingredients list online says, "coconut milk solids," and the list on the box reads, "coconut, milk solids." The allergen statement on the box clearly indicates it contains milk products.Since I am allergic to milk, I couldn't try the actual product; I have no opinion of its quality.:( And I love curry!!
I was disappointed, to say the least, in this product. When I prepared it, I ended up with a sticky mass. The package directions don't give much in the way of directions for cooking--just two different recipes. I obviously overcooked the product. It was such a gummy mess that I had to throw it away. I would not try it again unless the package directions were much more specific about how to use it.
I am sorry to be doing this; I hate giving poor reviews to products. I cooked this up last night into a horrible mush.  First of all, the cooking directions are vague at best, so I just cooked it the way one normally cooks pasta, only I cooked it for a very short amount of time, because the pasta strands are so thin.Even for boiling it for less than 5 minutes, it cooked up into a mushy gunk.  Well, I ate it.  I was hungry.  One of the worst pasta meals of my life.  In all honesty, I cannot recommend this pasta.
Not good at all. The vermicelle has absolutly no flavor on it's own what so ever. It's more of a filler for a dish. I soaked it for a minute in room temp water like it said, then put the olive oil & the garlic in the pan as directed, heated it & added my sliced peppers & shrimp, then added the vermicelli as directed. It was like a paste & NO, I didn't over cook it. Very angry as it made the rest of the dish awful so I wasted my time as well as my electric cooking it & all the other ingredients I had put into it. I would personnally NEVER buy this & if someone gave it to me I'd throw it out, as I did. Lucky for me I had other actual rice to cook to use for my remaining ingredients as I did a small amount instead of cooking all of it together just in case I didn't like it. I was able to pick out the shrimps & the peppers to save them. Those items aren't cheap to buy. You may feel differently about it but I can't imagine why since it has zero flavor.
Since I really enjoy rice noodles and I love brown rice, Peacock Brown Rice Vermicelli seemed like a natural hit. Definitely not.Using the fry method of preparation, I followed the recipe on the package and the noodles came out tough and tasteless. They didn't absorb the flavors of the other items in the dish (I substituted scallops for shrimp), and the texture (mouth feel) was an unpleasant, rubbery blob.Not giving up, I tried the soup directions, using chicken stock and green onions. Again, no flavor. A mouth full of Peacock Brown Rice Vermicelli is like a mouth full of nothing, but it has calories. It did not absorb the flavor of the stock or onions, but in the soup the texture was more palatable.Before this, I wouldn't have guessed that there was a food that had absolutely no taste characteristics. Water is more flavorful than Peacock Brown Rice Vermicelli and has a much more pleasant texture (and I don't particularly like water).
I'm pretty easy going about noodles. And I like my pasta with no fuss. So I was disappointed with these Brown Rice Vermicelli. Following the packaged instructions, the  noodles came out so al dente they tased like crunchy hair or easter grass. No one in my family liked them. I ended up eating mine on top of my fried rice like a garnish, but frankly they were just too hard. Only after the noodles had sat uneaten in the bowl in a sink filled with soapy dish water, did these noodles actually soften up to a reasonable texture. So my advice?- soak 'em longer than the package says.I also have to say the instructions weren't that good. Its really hard to mess up noodles... But these yes... It is possible.Overall, I can't recommend this product. I like my pasta fuss-free, and this was a high maintenance low mileage generic tasting stuff. I've had better- and a lot less fuss too.
I have never had a drink with such a strong aftertaste and odor. And to add insult to injury -- it's hot and perfumes the air with an acrid smell. I seriously had to open a window after brewing this. I didn't get a hint of lemon or of ginger, I imagine this is what battery acid must taste like.
I am always a little cautious with beverage mixes so I used half a packet in the recommended 1 cup of hot water (50% recommended strength)It was so extremely ginger bitter that I couldn't take it.  So I added another cup of hot water.  I managed to keep drinking it but only about half way (this is at 25% strength).  I ended up just dumping it.I haven't drank any more - if you like chewing pickled ginger or something like that maybe you'll like this but it is NOT like ginger tea - it's not subtle and it's extremely bitter.  Could smell the lemon - could only taste ginger.Not at all for me.  I'll try to pawn off what I have left on someone else but my boyfriend won't take it either.  He tasted a sip of mine said "it's okay" and then refused to drink any more, so I'll assume that regardless of what he said, he doesn't like it either.
Looking for a change from your typical coffees & teas?  Well, let's give Gold Kili's Instant Ginger Lemon Drink to see if it's worth a rank among the staples of hot beverages.This caffeine-free lemon drink comes individually packaged in foil packages, though the name ("Instant Ginger Lemon Drink") is a bit too generic in my opinion.  Still, it's up front about what you're getting.The instructions are simple: Pour contents, add hot water (250 ml), stir, and serve instantly.  Upon first opening the packet, the smell of the mix isn't overly appetizing.  The oddly coloured crumbly mix isn't very appealing either.  Also, after the pour, I realized that the 250 ml it calls for isn't even a full cup.  Maybe that's a good thing (it is).The timing to try this out couldn't have been better.  My sore throat looking for a bit of relief.  Unfortunately, this drink just made things worse.  It was just, for lack of a better word. . . nasty!  The first moment it hit my tongue, I felt my lips pucker and my throat constrict.  Lemon & ginger are both powerful flavours, but they can be used well together.  This is not an example of that.  Instead, it has an overpowering taste of that fake lemon flavouring you'll find in low-quality desserts and drinks.  I even tried adding a bit more hot water to dilute the flavours a bit, but to no avail.Overall, just avoid this toxic concoction.  It's not at all worth it.
I love ginger - I have been known to make pots of tea from fresh ginger and honey, and I'm finishing off a ginger syrup that I made that is fantastic with bubbly water (and even vodka). So, I was looking forward to trying this. Having tried it, I can say that I would not ever purchase this.I tried it hot first, following the instructions (then putting half in the fridge to cool). First, it doesn't look at all like the picture on the outside of the foil packet. Instead of a lovely golden yellow, it is the light brown of a beef or vegetable broth. Hoping that wasn't a harbinger of things to come, I sat down to enjoy the flavor. Unfortunately, I didn't really enjoy it. There was VERY little lemon flavor - more like a slight lemon aftertaste, and only if you're really looking for it. The overall flavor is much more bitter than fresh ginger would be, with an almost medicinal taste. The ginger bite is there, and is about the only thing that really reminds me of what ginger should be.Then I tried it cold (with an ice cube to help cool it down). The flavor didn't seem as strong, but it still had the bitter taste. After those first few sips of both hot and cold, I honestly couldn't drink any more of this. The aftertaste was too much and I genuinely did not want to finish the drink. So - I didn't.Overall, if you're used to something like Stash Ginger Honey tea, or even tea made from fresh ginger, then this is no substitute. The flavor profile is very different, and the bitterness is hard to get past. If you have the opportunity to try a smaller amount before purchasing this, then I would highly recommend you do so. It definitely seems like something that would appeal to a very specific (and possibly limited) audience.
I was looking forward to trying this drink because I have a tea I love that is ginger and peach combined.  When I opened the pouch the first thing I noticed was the smell.  It smelled terrible... the word I would use is repugnant.  I went ahead and boiled water and poured it in the cup.  The powder mixed easily with the water and it looked like tea.  My first sip was my last.  It was so spicy that my eyes watered, my tongue burned and my nose became to run.  I had to race to the refrigerator to get a cold drink to soothe my burning mouth.  The rest of the drink went down the drain.  You MAY be able to mix this with a pitcher of iced tea and make it taste better but I'm not willing to experiment.
I'm sorry, but on my first mouthful of this beverage, I gagged and almost choked.  I mixed it according to the package directions, adding the amount of hot water listed on the package (which turned out to be 1 cup of water).  It had a very appealing color and a strong ginger smell that was very aromatic.  I was really looking forward to trying this beverage.Then, I actually took a swallow, and it was so awful I could barely get it down.  The initial taste is of a nice ginger beverage, but then this unpleasant aftertaste took over, rising from the back of my throat and quickly encompassing my entire mouth.  It was accompained by the worst tingling/burning sensation I've ever felt in my life.  And that was when I began to choke.After I got that initial swallow down, I decided to wait a few minutes and try it again.  Same result.Reader, I poured the rest of this vile concoction down the drain.  And my drain now runs quite a bit better.
I', a fan of lemon and ginger.  I enjoy teas and I will use fresh ginger in recipes.  But this was downright awful.  I followed the instructions, and the smell was so wonderful.  It reminded me of a fancy tea house.Then I tasted it... yuck... burning sensation from the ginger.  I do not recommend this, unless ginger 'burns' are your thing.
I love ginger dressing you get at Japanese restaurants on your salad, I love fresh ginger when added to my juicer machine for my freshly made veggie juices, BUT this hot tea is utterly disgusting. You feel it burn your palate and I don't mean the temperature. Then if that isn't bad enough it lingers in your mouth. Yes you taste the lemon but just slightly as the ginger knocks out your taste buds. NOT RECOMMENDED.
At first I was a little disappointed that I only got one pouch to try, but after tasting it I'm glad. The ginger in this drink is so strong that I can't bear to finish it all. I drank about half of it hot (it makes about 8 ounces)and it did not taste right. I let it cool down and drank a little more, then proceeded to dump the rest of it out. I feel that was torture enough. It's SO strong. I normally like teas and other things with ginger flavor, but I cannot recommend this drink.
I was looking forward to trying this beverage mix. I mixed it as directed with 250ml (8 oz) of hot water. It dissolved quickly.  And just FYI, the color of the drink was darker than that pictured on the box. It was a murky brown color. As far as flavor goes, the ginger was just too strong and nasty. I didn't like it at all.
When I selected this via Vine, I knew that it'd have a strong ginger taste to it. Whenever you add ginger to something and heat it up, ginger is going to be something that you can easily taste. I just wasn't expecting it to be this gingery.This smelled good when I first mixed it (although it looked like brown water), but it's the taste that killed me. This was pretty spicy and the ginger taste was incredibly strong. I couldn't taste the lemon in this at all, the ginger taste was so overwhelmingly strong. The comparisons of this to a medicine are pretty apt. It reminds me of some of the cold medicines that I'll add to hot water whenever I get a runny nose. Not exactly a taste that I'm eager to drink on a regular basis.I drank a little of it, but I ended up having to dump it out. Even when considering that ginger is a miraculous plant, I still wouldn't buy this even as an occasional pick me up. I can see drinking it for a cold since it'd definitely clean your sinuses out, but it's just too strong of a drink for me. I'd much rather go for some fresher ginger than this. I'm not sure that I'd drink this to help with nausea either, to be honest. (Ginger is AWESOME for upset tummies.) It's just too strong, although if this is at the store next time I get nauseous, I might give it a try.Overall this is probably something best suited to hard core ginger enthusiasts rather than those who just like an occasional ginger with their sushi and drink tons of ginger ale.
I tried this not knowing if I would like it or not, I love ginger ale, ginger beer, ginger oookies, but don't like hunks of it in an entree, so I thought the ginger with lemon sounded really appealing as a hot drink I could have at work.  It came in a little pouch like a teabag, but with loose bits.  You apparently can drink it hot or cold, and I tried hot.  It wouldn't have mattered much though, the ginger taste is so extreme it would only be for people who LOVE ginger in all of it's forms.  I couldn't finish it, it was just too much for me.  So, for ginger lovers only all others should probably steer clear.
I found the ginger WAY too spicy, and I couldn't handle but a couple of sips. It was even mixed in an enormous cup with plenty of extra water, but no dice.
I love ginger in general & I really like ginger tea, so I expected good things from this drink mix. I was disappointed. The mix dissolved instantly, which was great. The first sip was almost okay, but the flavor seemed to get stronger and less pleasant with every sip. Neither the ginger nor the lemon nor the honey came through. All of thr favors were dark and muddy. The  drink itself was murky, cloyingly sweet & medicinal. It really reminded me of Thera-Flu, which is fine if you have a bad cold and will suffer a kinda awful drink because you know it will knock you out right away. But I wouldn't drink Thera-flu for pleasure, and the same holds true for this drink. I couldn't even finish the cup.
I used one packet in a large cup and added hot water. I thought this drink would be yellow but it ended up looking dark brown and I would compare it to rusty looking water. I had never tried a lemon ginger drink before and didn't entirely know what to expect. I figured it would be like a strong lemon flavored tea. Instead I got rust colored and spicy hot cup of disgusting water. I could taste the lemon but the ginger was incredibly strong and was quite honestly the nastiest thing I have ever drunk. I forced myself to consume about half of the cup to give it an honest try but ended up pouring the rest down the sink and will never try again. It also left my lips tingly as if I had just eaten a bunch of hot peppers. I know everyone has different taste but I find it difficult to believe that some people actually like this stuff.
I wasn't sure what to expect with the Ginger & Lemon drink but it was worse than I thought it would be. It tastes pretty bad. My and husband and I both tasted it and neither of us could finish it. It doesn't have a good flavor at all. My husband said it tasted like cold medicine. And it does. The nicest I could say is that it slightly tastes like a cough drop which is a little better than tasting like cold medicine.
I cook with ginger, add ground ginger to tea when I'm sick and chew ginger gum on cruises to prevent motion sickness.  I have to say I agree with others who felt this product is too heavy on the ginger flavor.  I couldn't finish the glass, and actually found just the aroma of the ginger to be too strong from the moment the crystals mixed with the hot water.  The first sip felt like there was a fire in my nasal passages, like the feeling of eating something intensely spicy.Suffice to say, everyone's taste buds are really unique, so if you are a real big fan of ginger, this may be your "cup of tea".  Unfortunately, I think those who are not really big fans of ginger would probably prefer a beverage that is stronger on the lemon and honey and less bold with the ginger portion of these packettes.
The only redeeming quality about this product is that the ingredients are all-natural. It tastes just plain horrible! I cannot recommend it to anyone.
I am a huge lover of ginger.  I regularly drink ginger tea brewed from fresh ginger root (very inexpensive, yet tasty) and tea brewed from dried ginger.  Both those things are good and enjoyable.  So, when I saw this product I thought it'd be a great chance to enjoy ginger in yet another form.  I imagined it would taste very pleasantly enjoyable...  DID NOT HAPPEN!  This is one of the most disgusting and vile things I've tasted in a long time.  It had an incredibly overpowering bitter flavor to it - so much so that I re-checked the instructions to make sure I had added the correct amount of water (I had).  I couldn't make it past two sips before I just put it down and said "enough of this madness!".  I let my boyfriend try it too, and he said the same thing about the flavor - gross.  I know that different people have different tastes and all, and maybe there's someone out there that could stomach this, but I doubt it.  My personal advice to anyone who's checking this product out, just don't!  You'd be far happier just making some tea out of fresh or dried ginger root, an option that's cheaper than buying this crap anyways.  Ugh...that taste lingers in one's mouth, too...
While I love the taste of ginger, but this was way over the top. It was astringent and almost bitter tasting which left a burning aftertaste in my mouth. The smell is great, but I just couldn't drink it again.
This was the vilest tasting "beverage" ever. I like lemon and ginger - this is overly sweet, so much ginger that it burnt my tongue with some lemon undertone. Frankly, one sip was more than I could bear. It also left a very unpleasant aftertaste.
Let me preface to say I have had dire stomach issues since a small child.  Acid reflux corrodes my insides and often times I turn to Ginger-Ale when I can consume nothing else.  But, as we know, Ginger-Ale has lots of sugar, a load of sodium and a great deal of carbonation.  When I spotted, "Ginger Kili All Natural Ginger and Lemon Beverage" I thought I had found a wonderful solution.  My doctor had even suggested sucking on ginger lozenges that are at a available at health food stores.  I thought I had one-upped him with this product.Happily, I brewed the hot water just knowing that I would love the combination ginger, lemon and honey.  I am deeply fond of all those tastes.  I poured it into my cup of boiling water, allowed to cool a bit and drank a hearty sip.  Oh my goodness, I have never tasted anything so vile since that horrid cod-liver oil that still haunts my memories of childhood.  This is just awful.I will NOT be finishing the cup of Gold Kili nor will I ever buy another package.I hope others find it soothing.....I can't get that awful taste out of my mouth.
I don't know what made me request this product to review. Perhaps I thought that it would make the time honored remedy of lemon and ginger easier. I was wrong. This packet is strong and off in the worse way. I've often taken sliced ginger in a cup and added some hot water, lemon and honey. After trying this, I'll be sticking to the better natural way of doing it.
I tried this and was expecting more of a lemon tastes, but the ginger was very strong. There is honey in it? Didn't taste that either. This is not a hot drink that I would try again.
I was happy to try this tea out, hoping it would help with my occasional morning sickness.  I've had success with lemon tea or with ginger cookies in the past, so had high hopes.  But, I can't stomach this tea when well, and there is no way I could manage it if nauseated!First of all,  I followed package directions as to the amount of water to add, so it was as strong as it was supposed to be.  I tasted no lemon, nothing but ginger, lots and lots of ginger.  It was very spicy hot.  Enough that it burned my mouth for a minute or two after taking one sip.  Same thing with the next sip.Do not buy this tea unless you have drunk STRONG ginger tea before and know that you like it.  And expect this tea to be very spicy hot.  And don't expect any lemon flavor.  Personally, I thought it was absolutely horrible.
The only thing I can think about this drink is that it has to do something positive for the body to taste this terrible. I thought it was going to be a nice light beverage like herbal tea. I was wrong. It's thicker (and yes, I used the right amount of water). It may have been better if it were carbonated but that's a long shot too.This rates as the worst taste experience of my life. Seriously.
The ginger in this is very strong. It smelled very intense in a bad way, and the ginger left a burning sensation in my throat. It the unpleasant burning was like drinking a very strong alcohol shot that burns and lingers there. This burning coupled with the bad smell and taste kept me from drinking it more than 2 very small test sips. Stay away from this product unless you are comfortable gnawing on a piece of ginger.
I'm not a huge ginger fan, but I have had a lot of ginger tea and the like lately because of a pregnancy (its supposed to ease an upset stomach). This stuff I would not reach for again. In fact, I might not even finish the cup in front of me. It's really....bitter? No, not even that. There's that weird sort of tang ginger has, and this has it big-time, even though I actually watered it down more than I should have (really, it's about 1 packet to 1 measured cup of water). I really only taste the lemon as an aftertaste.Also, the actual stuff is a bit weird. If you're used to the now common little packets of powder you add to a bottle of water, this is WAY more powder to mix in. The packet is about the size of a large teabag, but full. It's also a different consistency...almost looks like small betta fish food. It also smells weird to me.In short, if you want a ginger-lemon hot drink, there are many better alternatives in my opinion.
I had high hopes because I like Ginger and Lemon.  Not always happy with the way that honey tastes when it is previously added to drink mixes.Having said that, I have no idea what it is about the mixture but it smells a little bit like brewer's yeast to me both before I added water and after.I did my level best to drink the cup of Gold Kili and the best I could do was four or five sips.The ginger and lemon do not come through in a significant way.  The drink is overly sweet.  And, as mentioned... it smells different than you might expect and to me was not pleasant.
I seldom give a one star review, usually trying to find something positive about any product, but with this one, I found it lousy.  As a ginger fan, I was eager to receive the packet and conduct a side by side tasting with theInstant Ginger Honey Crystals Pack of 30 Bags - 18 g Sachetsand asked a friend from Jamaica to join me.  First of all, this product is tiny granules that are much darker than the Prince of Peace product.  When mixed with hot water, rather than being a lovely gold, it is a brown.  The first taste was awful and I mean really awful.  My friend added some sweetener to hers thinking it would be an improvement, but it was an unsuccessful attempt.  I felt the lemon flavor overwhelmed the ginger flavor, yet there was some heat from the ginger that tried to come forward.  The flavor was extremely unbalanced and tasted more like the taste of a lemon which has been cut and stored in the refrigerator, turning brown and developing a rancid flavor that creeps into the nose.  My friend held her nose and drank her half cup but I could not force mine down.  Instead, I gladly drank the other beverage.
I'm not a connoisseur of tea or coffee.  I do like ginger bread, and ginger cookies.  Last year, I was on a ship and took ginger pills for sea sickness, and I was told not to chew them.  I thought since I liked ginger (as in bread and cookies) that I would like those pills, so I chewed them.  BAD idea.  Yuck. Terrible after taste.  Well, sorry to say, this ginger lemon beverage was nearly as bad (at least to me).
I really was surprised at how bad this stuff really was.  When I ordered it I figured with ingredients like ginger and lemon that it would make a satisfying hot wintertime drink.  But alas it was downright terrible. I heated the right amount of water as per its directions and found it extremely strong and bitter.  So I added more water and mix and this time added some honey for flavor and still found it too strong, and very unsatisfying.  Finally I cut it with extra water and that was all she wrote, it was still bad.  Worse I feel than the taste of this stuff when actually drinking it was the terrible aftertaste that lasts for some time.  An hour later I could still taste some of it lingering, and it was not at all pleasant.  I do not, and cannot recommend this drink at all....
I'm glad I only received one serving of this for review.  There is nothing about this drink that I liked.First, the package I received did not have any calorie information so I don't know how many calories are per drink.  The product information on Amazon currently doesn't show the calorie count either.Second, the directions tell you to use 250 ml of hot water to dissolve the powder which translates into a hairline more than an 8 ounce cup as around 237 ml is equivalent to one US cup.  For US buyers who are not familar with the metric system or don't have access to a conversion chart, those measurements might confuse the user.Third, the color and consistency of the drink is like apple cider and one sip was all I needed.  The liquid has a heavy ginger flavor that masks any lemon flavoring according to my tastebuds. I felt my throat was burning from this drink and it wasn't from the hot water but from the strong ginger ingredient.I threw the rest of the drink out as this is not for me.
I love both ginger and lemon, and I love the flavors together. However, I couldn't finish this drink.I received one packet to try as a sample and I made it hot and followed the instructions. It dissolved nicely.But, the taste of the ginger was so sharp and pungent that I couldn't finish it. I let it cool down (I only had the one packet) and still did not like it. How disappointing!BTW, if you're looking at this product because you love ginger and lemon together, you should try Carr's Ginger Lemon Creme cookies. They are amazing!
I'm not a huge ginger fan but its okay and I love lemon so I decided to try this. I was highly disappointed with this drink. The taste is awfully bitter and spicy. There is so much ginger in this that it actually made my tongue burn and I only used a half of packet. I can't imagine the burning sensation if I would of used an entire packet of this stuff.  It also leaves a nasty bitter aftertaste in my mouth. I took one sip of this and that is all I could take of it. I wanted to like this drink but it's just not for me.The only good things I can say about Gold Kili beverage is that it's an instant drink and it mixes up really well in your glass.
I really tried this with an open mind. I love hot tea in the afternoon as well as other 'soothing' drinks. But this one was a killer. It comes as a powder to mix with hot water. It doesn't say how much water on the packet so I assumed that one packet is for one cup of water (as per the directions on this site).One sip put me into the gag zone. I'm sorry to say that it was horrible. It was bitter, spicy, too strong, and way over the top. I like ginger but in small doses. This was like chewing on a piece of ginger root. I guess there are some people that like that but for me, it was not a good experience. I tried additional sips just to be sure but it was a killer taste each time. And, it's hard to get the strong ginger taste out of your mouth.I know this is a personal choice but my choice is to stay away.*****Added note*****My husband tried it and liked it. He would have given it a 3-4 star rating. It just goes to show the difference in what our taste buds like and how this is truly a personal taste opinion.
Was so excited to try this. I received one single serving and was rather disappointed I didn't get a box as I love lemon, my very favorite flavor. I mixed it with the 8 oz of hot water and it doesn't quite look like the box, mine was darker. First sip and I was very disappointed, yikes it is ginger to the max. I like ginger but this is almost ginger gone bad and I couldn't taste the lemon at all. Now I was glad I had only one packet.Wanting to give it another chance I put it in the fridge and later added ice to see if it was any better. The answer was no. It made me feel kind of sick and that is strange because ginger is so good for the stomach. I had no ingredients to look at on the pack all I know it was made in Singapore. If you like SERIOUS ginger then this is for you.
The smell is wonderful.I like ginger. Granted, I don't just pick up a chunk of ginger and toss it in my mouth and start munching.That is what I think I can compare this to. *I don't know; maybe this is what this tea was made for: those kinds of people.* According to the packet, you just pour the packet (implied ALL) into a cup, add 250ml (a little over 8 oz) of hot water into it, and presto! PURE. NASTINESS!This is the strongest tea I think I've tasted/tried to drink in a LONG. TIME. >.&lt;I tried to dilute it, which helped some, but the overall taste was just.....AWFUL! The first time or two I sipped it, it tasted bad, but then I thought it was due to something I had recently ate; so I drank some (regular, non-flavoured) water and waited a minute or two - also allowing time for tea to cool down. But none of that helped. :(It was just too strong for me. It wasn't bitter, but it just left a nasty, almost dirt-like taste in the mouth. It was just too much. I couldn't drink it and ended up pouring it out.I would NOT recommend this unless you are a ginger-LOVER...and even then I'd be hesitant. : \
I don't have much of a review for this product. I received it through the Vine Program and I did not like it at all. If the stench from this tea wasn't enough to stop me from drinking it, the taste was. I've had detox teas that have tasted better than this. I don't know if it was the over powering of the ginger or another ingredient, but this is something I'd never try again. Sorry.
This drink went down the sink after 1 sip. It smells great, but taste is so strong I can not believe it.It tastes like chewing raw ginger, burns and it's very intensive. Don't like it raw, do not drink it.
Obviously everyone's tastes are different, so just because I didn't like this doesn't mean you won't. I tried this hot and was only able to get through a couple sips. I tasted no lemon whatsoever, and the ginger was totally overpowering and bitter. As another reviewer mentioned, this is not a lemony golden color in your cup, as shown on the package...it's a dark swampy color. Like coffee with a lot of milk in it. I guess I was hoping for a light gingery lemon flavor that would be soothing, but this was far from it. I'm always on the hunt for new teas other warm beverages, so I'm glad I got to try this. Unfortunately it just wasn't for me.
Upon opening the package, you get an immediate pleasing scent of the ginger: this would be a great air freshener for a room at moderate levels.Unfortunately, for me, the tea tasted just terrible - the ginger and honey / lemon combination are more than just intense, they are so overpowering over the top of each other vs. complimentary, I just couldn't take it past three sips.  There is also a strong taste of something like cayenne pepper that burns the heck out of the back of your throat: in addition to having a bad taste, the cayenne reminds you of it long after you're done with that last swallow.
This is pretty much one of the most unpalatable things I have tasted. If used as directed, the taste of ginger will completely overwhelm you. Instead, I missed the packet into a big pitcher of water and it STILL tasted extremely strong. It is rather unlikely that I will ever drink this again. Only try this if you LOVE ginger.
Being a lover of ginger, lemon, lemongrass, and all those wonderful flavors, I thought this sounded like something I would really enjoy.Um..no.This tasted like a cup of liquified Hall's cough drops, with some Endust lemon furniture polish sprayed in it. I tried it hot and cold, neither option offered a taste I could stomach. Even on ice, it was shudderlicious!I don't think there is anything else you could add to it, to make it taste good! Not a repeat for me.
I love lemons and hot drinks like tea and cocoa, so Gold Kili's Ginger & Lemon Beverage Mix seemed like something I'd really enjoy.  Instead it had a terrible medicinal taste with a bit of a burn going down, then there was an aftertaste.  I couldn't even make it through an entire cup of this beverage mix.
I only took a couple sips of this before I decided it wasn't for me.  The first sip sort of burned the back of my throat as it went down, and it wasn't because of the temperature.  The second sip was a little better, I guess I was expecting it, but still too much ginger for my taste buds.  The lemon was sort of an after taste, which wasn't bad.  There were not directions on the package as to how much water to use.  Perhaps it was meant for two cups, or a VERY large mug?Maybe if it was mixed with tea and diluted it would be better.
To me this drink mix has a strange too-sweet aftertaste, a little like bubble gum. The ginger is strong, which I like, but I really wish they would have left this unsweetened. The package says it's sweetened with Honey, but then in parenthesis: Fructose, Glucose and Sucrose. I thought that Honey was made up of mainly of Fructose, Glucose and Maltose? Anyway, they are all naturally occurring sweeteners, for what that's worth.I didn't taste the lemon much, just very strong and sweet ginger and that weird aftertaste.
Ginger, lemon and honey seem a natural flavor combination. Unfortunately, this drink ends up being entirely unappealing -- it is a dirty brown color, it smells musty, and the taste is too strong and powdery. The only real positive is that at least the dry pellets dissolve quickly and completely in hot water, so the consistency is nice and even. I could not stand to take more than a couple sips.
This drink tasted absolutely awful to me.  I don't think I could even force myself to drink this if offered big bucks to do so.  I took one sip and cringed.  The taste was awful and very bitter.  I tried to force myself to take another sip but I could barely get it past my lips.  It was horrible.  My husband tried it and so did my daughter and neither of them like it either.  The smell was really bad as well.  Just smelling it made me want to get sick.  I know this is a harsh review but it's 100% honest.I've never had a Ginger & Lemon drink before but, I enjoy lemonade as well has hot or cold tea in many different varieties but this is not something that I would recommend to anybody.
I was really looking forward to trying this, but it tasted like a bunch of raw ginger put through a juicer & heated up (and I followed the preparation instructions). I coudn't taste any lemon at all. I do use ginger from time to time, so I am not anti-ginger, but this tasted terrible & upset my stomach.If you decide to try this, I hope you REALLY like ginger.
Well it certainly is unique..it tastes bad hot or cold.  I could taste no lemon at all, just a bit of honey flavor came through..Thank goodness..otherwise it's like you're drinking water that you grated fresh ginger in.  Sprinkle it on your sushi or meat when you cook..don't drink it!! By the way, I love ginger but this stuff is pretty gross
This is close to horrible lemonade.  The stevia is too intense.  The flavor is terrible.  I can't imagine this is a product to be consumed.  I have a key lime tree and would rather make real lime/lemonade and then take supplements for vitamins and minerals I need.  I would not buy this product.
It is unbelievable to imagine anyone liking the taste of this product.  I'm a green tea drinker.  Several glasses a day.  I also drink lots of Vitamin Water, especially on the Sabbath.  This is no Vitamin Water.Crushed medicine poured into a small packet with a slight flavoring of Kool Aid to mask the horrendous taste.Don't run...FLEE...........................1 STAR.  Wish I could give less.
I took 1 sip and had to dump it. I regularly drink emergen-c, which is a similar powdered, fizzy vitamin drink. Maybe it's the herbs in the eboost, but it had a metallic, medicinal, bitter taste to it. Too bad it doesn't taste as good as it smells.
This seems like one of those products designed with just enough features to exploit a current trend without actually providing anything new or different.* It has a pink packet to tie into the breast cancer fund raising machine, and perhaps to head off anyone saying anything bad about it. It's a slimy trick for you to transfer affinity for one thing to another.* It has 41,667% of your daily B12 requirement. Do they seriously think that your body can absorb that much? B12 absorption is a problem for a significant number of people, but as your single serving speeds past your large intestine, is 41,667% of your requirement that much better than 20,000%? The Vitamin C dose is a more reasonable, Linus Pauling-like megadose of 1667% percent.* It says sugar-free, but it's not counting the maltodextrin. You might not count that as a sugar, but that's what it turns into. Not that I care if there is sugar.* There's some potassium bicarbonate so you can have some fun watching it fizz as you add water and get some bubbles on your tongue. It's a little bit of show business, but maybe it helps if you have an upset stomach (although the citric acid might not help that).* The EBOOST blend is mostly green tea extract, mainly, I think, because people will buy things that say "green tea".And, besides all that, it doesn't really taste like anything. It's vaguely citrus-like, but it doesn't really taste like pink lemonade, regular lemonade, or anything lemony. It doesn't taste good, but it's not really repugnant either. If I was really thirsty, I'd chug some of this. If I could choose another drink, I wouldn't drink this.EBOOST claims to be an energy sort-of drink, but it didn't do anything to perk me up. How do you expect a "sugar-free" (and caffeine free) drink to provide energy? What do you think energy is? There's only 5 Calories here, altogether. If you have to change the TV channel, EBOOST might be the extra bit of energy you need to do it without exhausting yourself. 5 Calories is about two minutes of being alive at just your base metabolic rate.It also says it's a "recovery" drink, but recovery from what? It doesn't have the electrolytes and protein an exercise recovery drink has. The package says "vital elements of performance", but performance of what? I guess you need the water, but you have to add that yourself.I think this product is just a scam to get your money. It can't possibly do any of the things it advertises. The EBOOST website says the FDA regulates dietary supplements, which is true, but manufacturers can sell dietary supplements without FDA approval. Authority and approval are different things, so words like those on the EBOOST website try to use the authority of a big institution to try to give their product a bit more appeal, even when that institution didn't do anything.
Everyone could use a little energy boost every now and then. Some extra nutrition is also good, and anything that increases the body's resistance to illness is certainly welcome. This is why energy drinks are so popular and why so many consumers love them so muchThat is, unless the product happens to be Eboost Pink Lemonade.First, let's talk about the few good points of this beverage. It does contain a good amount of nutrition, including many important trace minerals. It does increase alertness and it does make you feel energized. It is good for a quick boost when you're feeling a little sluggish or drowsy and need a jump- start to your day. These are certainly good qualities and they are expected with this type of drink. But there is one problem that will spoil the experience for most consumers.You have to actually consume the product.To say that Eboost Pink Lemonade is difficult to tolerate is the understatement of the year. This product is absolutely nauseating, and I don't know how anyone could possibly consume it with a straight face. It combines the fizzy effervescense of alka- seltzer with the taste of sour lemon and metal. Do I need to say more? I haven't taken many medicines and I have never stayed in a hospital, but I know people who have and some of the substances they have to drink, well, let's just say that what I have been told sounds very much like the flavor of this product.Based on aroma and appearance, this didn't seem like it was going to be such a bad experience. I like carbonated drinks, citrus, lemonade, and what not. The appearance seemed promising and I was anxiously awaiting my much- needed energy awakening. Then I took one sip and couldn't believe my taste buds. I went ahead and finished it regardless because I wanted to be able to judge the energy- boosting qualities (which are fairly good) of the product. However, energy or not, it is very difficult to get past the taste and I would bet that many first- time consumers will take one sip and send the remainder down the nearest drain.Everyone needs the occasional boost in energy and there are some good products on the market that accomplish what they claim. Eboost Pink Lemonade might succeed at increasing energy, but one cannot possibly ignore the fowl- tasting liquid as it coats the taste buds and sends the facial muslces into spasms. It is the nastiest energy drink I have ever sampled and it earns a much- deserved one star rating.
I'm a fan of anything lemonade flavored, so I figured that I'd enjoy this drink. After all- how can someone mess up lemonade? Guess what, readers? They messed up lemonade.This drink has three strikes against it. First the lemonade flavor is pretty bland. While I understand that not everyone really goes in for a bit of a kick to their lemonade flavor, this just has no lemonade kick to it. Then there's the fizzy. This drink has two stages of it- first the drink is almost overbearingly fizzy, then it quickly falls flat within about a half hour of drinking. Unless you want to chug your drink, be prepared for your drink to go flat. (Even shaken up sodas don't go flat this quickly.) Finally the last strike against it is that it has a horrible aftertaste. It's vaguely metallic & sort of also reminds me of baking soda at the same time. I do feel a little more alert, but I can't tell if that's from the vitamins or the fact that this just tasted that horrible.I know I didn't pay anything for this sample, but rest assured- I wouldn't be buying this in the future. Save your money & buy some of the Crystal Light-esque mixes that have the vitamins in it. This stuff just isn't worth it.
EEEWWY! Help me Mama! Give me the soap to wash my mouth out! YUK! HAK! HAK! PAAA-TOO-EE! I've tried some weird energy drinks before that were pretty rough tasting but nothing like this yucky stuff. I used about half a 16 oz bottle of spring water (what a waist of good water) to try this stuff with. I just poured what was in the packet in the bottle. I thought it was supposed to have some effervescence to it but it didn't really do much that I could tell. It mostly just sat on a little foamy stuff it made. So I put the cap on the bottle and gave it a couple of good shakes to mix it up. Still no bubbles or anything like that. Oh well, now the taste test. EEEW! Nasty stuff!{;- I've had some nasty tasting drinks before and this is just about as bad as anything I've ever tried. It has a strong tart taste that sticks in the back of my throat and is trying to make me gag. And then there's the strong chemical flavor that tells me there is nothing natural in this drink! Its been several minutes after drinking it and I still have that gaging sour taste stuck in the back of my throat and a slick nasty tasting feeling in my mouth. I think its about time to go use some Listerine to wash my mouth out and I really hate that stuff!When I received this from Vine I was very disappointed that I got only one packet to try out. Now I'm glad that I only had to drink one of these! As for the energy pick-me-up that I should have got, didn't happen. Even if this had a better flavor I still wouldn't buy it for an energy boost. There are too many others that taste a lot better and work better than this stuff ever could.
This "pink Lemonaid EBoost" has a dreadful metallic and medicinal taste. It is sweetened with stevia and contains citric acid for tartness.  The pictogram directions show that you should pour the powder into the glass before adding water to capture more of the bubbles.EBoost contains 500 mg of potasium per serving  which is generally a healthy mineral but probably contributes some of the unpleasant metallic notes to the flavor. As with most vitamin supplements it is unlikely that this one is really improves immunity, energy or focus.  These appear to be typical supplement  puffery and nonsense which if done carefully are able to avoid FDA scrutiny. In addition the extreme levels of several of the supplements are questionable and may be poorly tolerated or even unhealthy if you use the maximum dose of 4 servings daily.  The most extreme is Vitamin B12 at 2500 mcg per serving.  This is 417 times the (recommended) daily value for Vitamin B12. There is also  1000 mg of Vitamin C giving about 17 times the daily value.  The maximum daily use of 4 EBoost servings would provide double the recommended "tolerated upper limit" of Vitamin C and could cause diarrhea. While the Vitamin B12  in 4 daily servings would total 1670 times the  daily value it  is apparently not likely to cause harm.  Nonetheless, it is foolish to think that it is good for you at this level.  The  100 mcg of selenium in each serving is another  problem since 4 servings  would reach the "tolerated upper limit"  of 400 mcg  of selenium.I think it is a really unhealthy approach to promote such a questionable megavitamin and mineral supplement as an energy drink. The green tea extract seems to contain an unspecified amount of caffeine and there are vaguely described amounts of other ingredients that are allegedly good for you according to the EBOOST webiste.  My best advice is to stay away from this sort of poorly thought out and ill described supplement/energy drink.  Hopefully the dreadful taste will help keep most people away.
Ewwww Grosssss! No long written review is necessary in this case. It tastes horrible like a carbonated medicine. No matter what the vitamins are, this is not worth it.
Wow. I read the back of the packet carefully, including all the "claims" of how this little powder can help my life and the ingredient list. I followed the directions and put it in the glass of cold water and stirred. It did fizz up and "effervesce" when it hit the water and it did in fact turn the water a total pink color, in keeping with the whole "pink lemonade" theme. And that is where any similarity to lemondade or an actual consumable drink ended. The immediate flavor impression was YUCK. My first gut reaction was that it tasted like a combination of saccharin and alkaseltzer (that old cold medication). It left an immediate bitter after taste and what felt like a coating of yuck around my entire mouth. I spat it out and rinsed with fresh cold water. I did try to drink it again, thinking that perhaps I had jumped the gun. Nope still a mouth full of YUCK. My father tasted it as well with exactly the same reaction followed by a comment revolving along the lines of "why don't you just make some real lemonade and obtain your vitamins from actual fresh fruit?" In this case, he's absolutely correct! I would NOT buy EBoost for any reason at any price ever.
I've tried the EBoost Orange Flavor packets which are not bad at all when you need an effervescent pick-me-up.  I like lemonade flavor better than orange flavor anything, so I had really high hopes for this, but it was just flat out undrinkable.  It tasted like saccharine flavored alka seltzer - I couldn't find a hint of lemon under that sweet-n-low taste.I tried a few sips, then tried sipping it with food, and nothing made it taste better.  I ended up dumping it after 6 or 7 sips.  Not yummy.  If you're looking for something similar, go for the Orange flavor, the artificial sweetener is not as noticeable in that one.
Love Pink Lemonade.  Hate this.  I thought this would be perfect to take in my purse and add to a bottle of water midday when I needed a little BOOST.  The flavor tastes like they crushed up some type of medicine pill and labeled it with the flavor of pink lemonade.  It was disgusting.  Don't bother.
The Low Down:Disgusting drink without any noticeable results. I do better with coffee or Earl Grey tea.Procedure:I mixed one packet of Eboost with one cup (8 oz) of water and let it fizz (per instructions).Look:Mix seems to stay suspended in the drink. Didn't completely dissolve - residue left at the bottom of the glass. Pink in color.Taste:Sour at first. A very tart aftertaste. A little, but almost unnoticeable sweetness. Almost has a thick texture and it leaves a metallic taste on the middle of my tongue. Currently 1/3 through the glass and I feel a little nauseated. I can't tell if it is actually something it is doing in my stomach or if it is that taste at the back of my mouth. This tastes nothing like any lemonade I've ever had.Reaction:I don't feel more energized. This could be due to the fact that we just had a baby and I haven't gotten much sleep - but I don't "feel" this drink affecting me in any way on the positive end.Analysis:I read the packaging and I think "Gimmicky." It uses words like "unyielding," (to describe the energy you'll receive) and "unclouded" to describe your focus. The package insists that this product will give "all those who RELY on it a competitive advantage." Does anyone else see this as ridiculous? Maybe this product wasn't made for my demographic, but I am really missing out on the efficacy of it. I don't feel more energized. I don't feel more focused.And frankly, I am a little concerned that I just injested 41,667% of my daily requirements of vitamin B12 (there are not, apparently, any known side effects of injesting such a copious amount... but still, it's a little absurd - the package claims that there is this much in the solution).
I'll stick to crystal light.  This is just disgusting.  Doesn't taste anything like Pink lemonade.  Maybe just sour.
This stuff is vile, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I think only the lowest common denominator, those who enjoy stuff like Four Loko and Joose, could ever possibly like eboost Pink Lemonade, and even then, only after drinking copious amounts of alcohol. I wouldn't wish this junk on my worst enemy, let alone drink it for the gratuitous amounts of energy.
I hate to do this, but I would never buy this product.  The taste is so horrible you can't drink it without making a face.  It was as sour as some of those really sour candies.  I guess I can say I did get a boost of energy from it, but I doubt if it was from anything more than the laughing my husband and I did while watching each other drink this. I was expecting the taste to be bad because we drink vitamin supplements like this now and then and they never really taste good, but this was truly awful.
The one packet I received from Amazon Vine had no mixing directions on it, other than "Fill (Fill what?), Mix, Boost!"  I tried mixing it with 8 ounces of water; it was fizzy and unpleasantly tart with a chalky aftertaste, something like carbonated lemon-lime drink mixed with Alka-Selzter.It definitely didn't taste like lemonade and wasn't sweet at all.  I didn't feel any particular boost of energy from the drink, so can't recommend it either for its taste or its energy effect.
You know all the jokes about health food? And the jokes about energy-enhancing foods in particular? People say that protein bars taste like wet cardboard, and energy drinks taste like Mountain Dew that's been exposed to radioactive waste.Yeah, all of that holds true here. This drinks tastes awful. Find some dollar-store pink lemonade mix, toss in too much carbonation formula like they do at bad backwater restaraunts, then crush and pour in some multivitamins. It's equal parts chalky, metallic, and awful.I'm not spending any more time on this review, except to note that Amazon shipped my single packet trial to me in a box that could have held a large hardcover novel. I'm going to go plant something green as soon as the weather turns nice, and apologize to the planet.
This is a vitamin C/mineral powder that you add to a glass of water to make a bubbly drink.The good side:  You get 1,000mg of vitamin C and trace elements like zinc, selenium,copper, chromium, and potassium.The bad side:  It tastes terrible!Haven't tried other flavors, but the "natural pink lemonade" just tastes bad--hope they will improve the taste.
This review is done in tandem with a review of another flavor of this same product (see my review of the pomegranate flavor). The change in flavor added nothing to its taste. It was all I had to do keep this down after chugging it, which is the only way to drink it, in my opinion. It's like taking some of those nasty medicines we were given as a child. Hold your nose, close your eyes and swallow. I take a teaspoon of cod liver oil everyday, and that tastes like cake compared to this. This drink leaves a yucky aftertaste.On the positive, it contains a lot of vitamins, which is probably why it tastes so awful. And while it claims to boost your energy, it contains caffeine, which may have something to do with that. As an alternative, I recommend taking a multivitamin with a glass of water. If you need that caffeine boost, drink a cup of coffee or have a cola.
There was almost nothing I liked about this product. It dissolves poorly, though it does effervesce nicely, once you finally get it mixed.  Initially, it has a nice pink lemonade taste, but it is followed quickly by an unpleasant aftertaste. I do not recommend this at all.
I can't really attest to the health benefits of this product, but it tastes bad.  Very very bad.  Do not buy it for that reason alone.  Pick up some vitamin water or crystal light instead.
I have already tiredEBOOST - Acai-Pomegranate - 5 Packetsdrink stick and found it absolutely dire.  The taste was bitter, extremely tart and tasted like medicine.  However, it is very possible that sometimes a company can produce a dud.  So perhaps this pomegranate beverage was a fluke.  I honestly believe everyone (including companies/products) deserve the benefit of a doubt.  This led me to trying EBOOST's pink lemonade drink.I can say with all honestly, that this drink is unconditionally disgusting.  The insidious and acerbic flavor made it next to impossible for me to drink.  Imagine the chalky taste of Mylanta, with a drop of lemon and the aftertaste of Tums.  Now take that taste and add fizz (why) to it and you have one gross beverage.  Speaking of the fizz when the product is mixed looks like a "cloudy" experiment of Dr. Frankenstein.This is a sad state of affairs considering EBOOST is promoted by having all sorts of good and healthy things in it, I wasn't even able to take a third sip.  In other words, it can't help you if you can't drink it.  I am very disenchanted by this brand and product and will not be using any EBOOST products again.  If this is the way "healthy" and "strong immune" is suppose to taste, then I guess I'll be ill.
There is nothing new about this sickly sweet cereal. It may be slightly more crunchy than other similar cereals but overloading it with sugar in lieu of real taste just does not work!Even my kids didn't like it. They had about the same opinion as me, little taste, way too sweet.I don't know who Kellogs think they are kidding with this product! It is not worth trying, their old staple Corn Flakes are way better!
a very flavorful "shot" which didn't raise my heart rate one iota or make me feel alert. Doesn't specify exactly how much caffeine is included, so you get thumbs down on that one.
I opened the can of Red Rain and immediately got a strong berry scent. It also had a strong berry flavor which wasn't too bad. It was also weirdly fizzy. Not carbonated soda type fizzy with big bubbles, but small bubble fizzy like Alka Seltzer. There was a slightly sweet aftertaste, but not an unpleasant one, IMO. As for the boost...well, there wasn't any. None. Nada. Zilch.I drank it straight from the can, so I can't comment on the appearance.While it is made with the dreaded "We're All Going to Die HFCS" at least it has no artificial sweeteners.Overall, tho, it was pretty much a "MEH" experience. While the flavor was o.k. the biggest negative was the lack of any boost...and isn't that the point of an energy drink? Hence, the "1 Star" rating.I don't guess I'll be purchasing any more of it.
Wow, this was a real chore to drink. What a dog of a taste, almost medicinal (think cough syrup). There was no noticable spike in my energy the day I drank it, though I didn't find myself slowing down either. But all in all, I could not stand the taste. Not one bit. Not recommended, considering their are 1001 other ways to get your energy fix these days...most of them better tasting than this. On the plus side, the name of the drink reminds me of the Peter Gabriel album "So," and how I haven't listened to it in a while. So there.
Okay, I'm going to rant a bit.High Fructose Corn Syrup is bad stuff.Messes with your metabolism, literally makes you hungry, and it is the main ingredient in a 'good for you' drink. Wow.Not good.And the product is so-so at best. If you did a blind taste test with this and the other energy drinks out there, I'm not sure you could tell them apart. It brings nothing to the table, and worse, it poisons your system while it does it.Stay away.
Okay, if taste doesn't matter, this might be the energy drink for you. For me, it was too gross to actually drink. Thought about it a while and couldn't come up with any good mixed drink use for it either.Contains: Carbonated water, high fructose corn syrup, citric acid, taurine, natural & artificial flavor, sodium citrate, caffeine, caramel color, inositol, potassium benzoate, niacinamide, pyriodoxine hydrocholoride, d-calcium pathtothenate, riboflavin, and cyanocolbalmineOuch! Okay, let's see, carbonated water, sugar, citric acid, caffeine and taurine for the energy, color, flavors, and then, what the heck? I'll try not too think much about it.
Let us take a trip NORTH of the border and peek at the original ingredients of Red Rain Energy Drinks (manufactured in Canada):Non medicinal Ingredients: CARBONATED WATER, SUGAR AND/OR GLUCOSE-FRUCTOSE, MALIC ACID, SODIUM CITRATE, NATURAL AND ARTIFICIAL FLAVOR, POTASSIUM BENZOATE, INOSITAL, COLOUR. Medicinal Ingredients: TAURINE 1000mg, D-GLUCURONOLACTONE 600mg, CAFFEINE 80mg, NIACIN (niacinaminde) 20mg, PANTOTHENIC ACID (D-calcium pantothenate) 5mg, VITAMIN B6 (pyridoxine HCL) 5mg, VITAMIN B12 (cyanocobalamin) 5mcg.Hmmm. What's the second ingredient of the can I just drained that was manufactured in Florida? not sugar, nope! High Fructose Corn Syrup...THANKS Corn Growers Lobby for poisoning my liver!I bought this thinking it would have the same ingredients listed on the Canadian website. We avoid HFCS at our house (it can be done!) and I miss the energy drinks I used to indulge in on occasion. So This gets a low score for flavour and a low score for changing the formula because--well, I can't think why you would change the formula of a successful product.So if you like energy drinks & you live near the northern border, try it in its natural form (many flavours to pick from in Cadnada)...otherwise, don't bother, you've tasted better. This is just another Red Bull knockoff. Yawn!
I am used to the bitter taste of most energy drinks.  When I lived in Japan I sucked them down all the time, and they had a saying "strong medicine tastes bad."  Which is just fine when you are dealing with a concentrated dose of vitamins that amounted to a shot glass."Red Rain" has that same nasty vitamin taste, but the difference is that it is in a big, big can.  And instead of a concentrated dose, they filled up that can with carbonated water (the first ingredient on the list) and high fructose corn syrup (the second ingredient).  I don't know if the big can is supposed to make you think you are getting greater value, but along with your B-Vitamins you are packing in a bunch of extra calories.And is there a boost?  Well, since all they promise is "mental clarity and focus" it is hard to tell.  I don't feel any more focused, unless it is the mental clarity to never drink another can of "Red Rain" again.
Not fries. It's corn. Not cheddar cheese. A blend of whey and something else. Soy bean oil. Marketed to kids as snacks? No thank you. Just cut up some potatoes and bake them in your oven. Sprinkles some paremesan on top, if so inclined.
Snikiddy All Natural Baked Fries, Cheddar Cheesearen't really that greatThe main reason - they taste nothing like Cheddar. At least not to me. Garlic powder is one of the ingredients. Honestly, I tasted the garlic more than anythingAnd for a product that's supposed to be Cheddar flavored, that's not good. just stick with Cheez-its for a cheese flavored snack.
I've always loved Honey Maid Cinnamon Graham crackers, you know, the ones dusted with cinnamon sugar.  So I thought I would love these apple cinnamon oat graham crackers too.  Boy was I wrong!  These crackers tasted stale and bland with only a hint of apple flavor.  Sure, they are 100% natural and maybe a little healthier than my regular graham crackers but since these are a "treat" and not a significant part of my diet I would rather enjoy the eating experience.  I'll stick with my tried and true favorites.
If you're going to get a sugar cereal it ought to at least taste great, so you're getting some pleasure in exchange for the unhealthiness. But this cereal doesn't taste very good. Can't see any reason to recommend it.
I received one box from the Vine Program. This is listed on the product page as a 4-box package for about 30 bucks. Unbelievable. The day I pay 7 and a half bucks for one box of cereal is the day I will check in to a nut house. Speaking of nuts, I have no particular urge to eat peanut tasting cereal in the morning. One would think that for this outrageous price they could have put in some quality nuts instead of cheapo peanuts. Another thing, this is far sweeter then a bowl of sugar. Yuck! Kellogg's has some very good cereals at reasonable prices. This is not one of them. It is a loser.
I like the version of this cereal that is made by the competitor of this cereal and eat it periodically. I tried this hoping to find a very similar product that I could buy on sale if the other wasn't. The other option was a cereal that was so different that it would  become a new option for me.The taste was adequate. The nuts were almost nonexistent....at least to the naked eye. They may have been rolled in dust, but there were definitely no pieces on the side of the cereal.The color of the cereal was awful, reminding me of the color of what babies leave in a used diaper. It was not at all appealing. In addition, there is a lot of sugar in this cereal.For the above reasons, I wouldn't bother to buy this in the future.
If you want a cereal that has lots of fiber and protein, and will keep you full for hours.... this is not that cereal.If you want a cereal that is just plain delicious, to be eaten for the pure joy of eating it.... this is not that cereal.If you want a cereal that tastes like stale kix rolled in the crumbs of some honey roasted peanuts, and is  satisfying in neither taste nor quality.... then this is the breakfast cereal for you.I think i've made myself clear.
These are horribly sweet....enough to make you cringe. I like a little sweetness but when it's overwhelming, it's not manageable. My mouth just revolts. I've always been a big fan of General Mills' Honey Nut Cheerios and I was surprised that this brand did such a poor job mimicking a similar product. They didn't crunch well either, instead of a firm crunch, they were more like puffed rice. I'll never purchase or recommend these to anyone. I'll stick with my Cheerios and call it a day.
As advertised, Crunchy Nut smells and tastes like peanuts -- something I don't find very appetizing when mixed with milk and ingested in the morning. I eat peanuts with beer at bars, not at breakfast. I'm guessing that the honey is supposed to cut the flavor of the peanuts, but it is hardly detectable.People will of course disagree with my thoughts on peanuts in the morning, but let's take a look at the side of the box.To keep the calories per serving at 100 (without milk), Kellogg's has shrunk the serving size to 3/4 of a cup. That means with milk, a bowl of Crunchy Nut is going to be 300 calories or slightly more. So if you go back for a second bowl, that's a pretty high caloric breakfast. Further, the base ingredient is yellow corn meal, which doesn't have much nutritional value.While there are certainly much more unhealthy cereals out there, in this day and age I'd like to see a more healthy, lower caloric cereal.
This cereal reminded me a lot of Quaker's Oh's.  It's a lot lighter and less substantial than Oh's, however, and has a weird aftertaste (a bad aftertaste).  The cereal is made with rice and corn instead of wheat, so it doesn't really make you feel full.  The roasted nut and honey taste is somehow adulterated so that it simply does not taste good in your mouth.  Calorically speaking, the folks at Kellogg's did a good job, and the cereal makes a better study snack than breakfast cereal, if not for the horrible aftertaste.Steer clear of this product.  Check out Quaker's Oh's instead.Even if you're on a diet, there is no need to torture yourself with unfilling food that tastes bad.One star.
I didn't realize that this product was gluten, egg and dairy-free.  If you had those dietary restrictions, you would probably think these were pretty yummy.  Since I don't, though, I would not buy them again.
These cookies are quite tasty. The ginger is there but it's subtle & not over-powering. The cookie is just a bit chewy, which is nice for texture.Although I could recommend the cookies on taste alone, I can't recommend them due to the condition in which they were received. The chocolate had melted & re-hardened at some point, perhaps more than once. The cookies were stuck together, and the chocolate was mis-formed. To make matters worse, the chocolate had bloomed & had the tell-tale signs of white. Chocolate bloom is characteristic of storing chocolate in warm conditions and of improperly tempering chocolate.Moreover, the manufacturer placed a batch sticker (050411) over the nutritional information on the back of the box. I attempted to peel back the sticker but still could not read nutritional information because the sticker did not come off. I have no idea how many calories are in the product, much less fat grams or fiber grams. Because the FDA required that nutritional facts are displayed on convenience foods sold in the US, a food manufacturer really should know better than to slap batch stickers over nutritional information. Likewise, Amazon should know better than to make improperly marked food products available for sale.I give these cookies 4* for the taste but took off 2* for condition. I took another 1* off for lack of nutritional information.Simply, I don't recommend.
Just look at the ingredients.  If the ingredients are words that you can't pronounce or have never heard of, there's a good chance that they are not good.  I do love tea, especially peach tea, but after looking at the ingredients, I don't think I can drink this tea.  Also, I have read some bad remarks on this product, so it doesn't sound like it is all that good, anyway.  I am pretty sensitive to chemicals, and I don't know if these ingredients are chemicals or not, but I do like to stick to natural, simple ingredients that I do know about.  So that it doesn't go to waste, I will try to find somebody who is not sensitive to chemicals and big words.  I know lots of people who can eat/drink anything and it doesn't bother them.
I wanted to like MIO. The peach taste was disappointing. I tried more concentrated taste, which was only more disappointing; and less, which was faintly disappointing. Other members of my family also tried it, to see if it was just a taste thing I lack, and no one liked it enough to take a second sip. The flavor reminds me of the smell of a sweaty steam sauna.
I like certain fruit flavors in beverages, like peach and orange - provided they are natural.  This tastes okay going in, but is far too artificial and leaves a nasty after taste.  The smell is a little off for peach - almsot chlorine like.  Perhaps that explains the reviewer who said she was able to bleach her porcelein sink.I'm not sure what the hype with these are.  I'd rather buy tea from Snapple or Arizona.  Or, even better, brew flavored tea and then ice it.While this may make a lot, it seems very expensive.  I am not going to buy this or try it again.
(Standard Amazon Vine disclaimer here)I really don't have much to add to the discussion here.  Just chiming in with the chorus: This stuff only moderately tastes of peach tea and really tastes like artificial sweeteners.I think this stuff is a great idea:  easily flavor water where ever you are, can take it with you, no need to refrigerate... but oh lord, the flavor.  Peach tea, on its own, is great; which is why I wanted to try this stuff.  But this liquid doesn't really taste like peach nor like tea.  It tastes like chemicals.I can't recommend this stuff and won't ever drink it again.
If one likes a drink that comes across as having been made in a junior high chemistry lab, is packaged such that--to get to use it--all the info is stripped away and destroyed, and that is inferior on the palate by far to even KoolAid or Sunny Delight, then this product might prove (marginally) desirable. But, if only convenience matters as to storage and application, however, it is outstanding !
This stuff is horrible.  It's basically sugar water (but with artificial sweeteners), along with some preservatives, artificial dyes and other trash that isn't even food.Ingredients:  Water, malic acid, propylene glycol, citric acid, less than 2% of: natural flavor, sucralose and acefulfame potassium, potassium citrate, red 40, yellow 5, blue 1, potassium sorbate.It tastes just as bad as it sounds.  And when you're squirting it into your cup of water, it looks just like food coloring as it slowly pollutes the entire cup.Not recommended.  Garbage ingredients, bad taste, bad aftertaste.  I didn't even finish my bottle before throwing it away.
I recently tried Snapple Peach Tea and became hooked, never been a fan of peach in the first place.  I jumped at the chance for the opportunity to try this flavor of Mio.  Needless to say, it was a huge disappointment, as most Mio's have been to me (I LOVE the Fruit Punch).  It's all peach, I don't taste any tea.  Maybe it's meant to be squeezed into plain tea?  But I have reservations about wasting a good cup of iced tea by adding this enhancer...
I thought the idea was a good one, I drink a lot of water. I'm a Diabetic so I'm always looking for more flavor where and when I can find it. Unfortunatly this tastes just plain bad to me, I squeezed a healthy amount into my cold filtered water and wow the first thing I noticed was the strange chemical smell. Then after tasting it, it  really was a sweet artifical flavor, very chemically not at all like good diet peach ice tea like AZ Ice Tea or Snapple. That's the flavor I was hoping for really. I tried it again and I just can't use this stuff, what a pity because I really wanted it and needed it be good. I would have been a customer if I liked it at all. I could not even give this a two star, I just thought it was that bad.
Interesting concept and package, but even a single drop of this stuff in a glass of water tastes... vile. Vile, yet peach flavored. It reminds me of some ultra-sour candy my kids used to like. Overly concentrated, and even diluted it has managed to fasten itself to my taste buds, which is not pleasant. I'm afraid I don't have anything good to say about this product.
Ugh. Has our collective diet really devolved into a state where big manufacturers and retailers actually sell this stuff - and more disappointingly, reviewers give it good ratings?Here's why this product is awful:* It tastes very artificial. Peach, really? Sorry, it doesn't really taste like any peach I've had. It taste like some fake fruit, with a bit of sourness from the citric acid...and get this, an AWFUL aftertaste that taste like the plastic bottle it comes in. Seriously, who actually tasted this stuff and approved it?* Just because the ingredient list says natural flavors, doesn't mean that it was derived from peaches. Did you know that an extract derived from beaver anal glands is used to flavor some vanilla- and raspberry-flavored food - and it only has to be labeled as a "natural flavor"? Who knows what the natural flavor in this thing really is, especially when you consider all the other artificial junk in this thing:* Fake sweeteners (which recent studies have shown still make you fat...and are potential carcinogens).* Fake dyes like red 40, yellow 5 and blue 1 - which still don't make it look appetizing.On the plus side, this stuff is certified Kosher. Go for it if that's your thing.I'll trade you for a glass of plain water.
As someone who struggles to drink enough water, I wanted to like this product. I'm always searching for healthy, non-sugary drinks. We tested the MIO in filtered water in clean glass cups with the suggested ratio of MIO to water. The peach MIO has a light flavor, but the taste is about 33% peach and 67% artificial flavor that is unpleasantly chemical. I can't even call the chemical flavor an "aftertaste" because it was bad going down as well as lingering. The product is a good idea because it's boring to drink water all the time, but MIO is going to have to work on its peach flavor.
Don't be fooled by the fancy delivery mechanism and the take as much as you want campaign.Sucralose is the main sweetener (Splenda).  Artificial sweeteners can cause the body to release enzymes that break down food more completely in your gut, giving you more calories that you would if you had nothing sweet.Given that the Mio Liquids have no other benefit, no C, no B, no D, no Calcium, just a lot of ingredients that are manufactured in a lab, well, I will stay away and not order again.Mine is in the trash.That said, if you don't care what you put in your body, the taste is not bad.
First of all, I must admit that I was a bit mistaken as to the product.  I kept seeing the words "Peach Tea" and thought I was buying some sort of Tea.There is no "tea" about this product.  This is a "Water Enhancer" - basically something to flavor your water so that you, ostensibly, will want to drink more of it.More disappointing, when you check the ingredients, there is no peach listed anywhere.  Instead, you get a laundry list of chemicals and dyes that taste like...are you ready...chemicals and dyes.I'll take plain old water over this any time!
Here is the MIO Peach Tea ingredient list that KRAFT has so well hidden on their site that I actually had to go to another website to find them:Water, Malic Acid, Propylene Glycol, Citric Acid, Flavor(s) Natural, Sucralose and Acesulfame Potassium Sweetener, Potassium Citrate, Red 40, Yellow 5, Blue 1, Potassium Sorbate PreservativeThe controversial ingredients are as follows: 1) Propylene Glycol, 2) "Flavors Natural" 3) Acesulfame Potassium Sweetener, 4) Red 40, 5) Yellow 5 and (last but not least controversial!) 6) Blue 1You can find out more about Franken-foods such as MIO Peach Tea Water Enhancer in the "Food Facts" website.KRAFT should try something really controversial like making a peach tea from TEA LEAVES, PEACHES & SWEETENER.
I like water but sometimes I need a little bit of flavor diversity.  I tend to turn to Crystal Light or my water infuser to vary my drink selection.  I was excited to try the MIO Liquid.  MIO seemed like an easy way to make a beverage that had the perfect amount of flavoring.  Unfortunately, I found this beverage to be lacking.Some notes on this product:Flavor: Do you like jello?  That is what I felt like I was drinking.  The liquefied version of some jello that I would not classify as peach or tea inspired. It tasted highly artificial and would not be a beverage that I would offer to a family member or friend to quench their thirst on a hot day.Color: The color was orange.  It did not resemble tea and had the appearance of jello.Ease of use:  I found this product to be burdensome.  It is messy and I would never let a young child use this product.  The product cannot be squirted at even a slight angle because it will splatter - clothes, the floor, hands - and stain.  I was so disgusted when I first used this product and some of the product splattered onto my white vinyl floor and left huge stains.  I had to scrub the floor multiple times for the MIO stains to fade.Health impact:  I tried drinking this stuff twice and on both occasions I developed headaches.  I do develop migraines after consumption of certain foods and beverages but usually the food/beverage culprits contain caffeine or chocolate.Packaging: MIO is packaged in a #7 plastic. #7 plastics are the most difficult type of plastic to recycle. Unless you live in a really progressive place that accepts #7 plastics, the product packaging will have to be pitched.In sum, I cannot recommend MIO.  The product stains flooring, does not taste like tea, possibly causes headaches, and is packaged in a plastic that is difficult to recycle..000001 stars out of 5
I am a Crystal Light peach tea fan so I was anxious to try this. My gold standard is Snapple diet peach.  Crystal light relatively closely approximates that.It seemed like Mio it would be convenient to use.First I had trouble with the packaging.  It was hard to appropriately tear the plastic cover off.  I also had trouble with the directions.  I am 49 and my near vision is going the way most people in their 40s goes... I can't read the directions without finding reading glasses.  Could the manufacturers possibly consider their over-40 customers valuable and print just a little bigger?!My first squirt of the liquid went past the glass.  Ok.  So that will only happen once but..  Although mixing crystal light powder doesn't bother me and I am sure this is a liquid version of something similar, squirting the brown liquid into the water was not appetizing.  I felt like it was a chemistry experiment.When I drank the tea, I continued to think of it as a chemical experiment.  It tasted "chemically"  Again, just not appealing.  I admit I may have been influenced by the "squirting in" process.It is not something I will buy again.  I will stick to Crystal Light and Snapple.
I wanted to like MIO. The peach mango taste was disappointing. I tried more concentrated taste, which was only more disappointing; and less, which was faintly disappointing. Other members of my family also tried it, to see if it was just a taste thing I lack, and no one liked it enough to take a second sip. The flavor reminds me of the smell of a sweaty steam sauna.
I have become more conscious of products with artificial sweeteners in them, and while the peach MIO tastes good, it falls within this "strange chemical" category that I choose to avoid, particularly because I am a woman of child bearing age. The third ingredient in this product is propelyne glycol, which is a petroleum-based chemical in the glycerine family, and variations of this are used in hair creams an cosmetics. There is also a sugar substitute that is 200 times stronger than sugar (acesulfame potassium) and is thought to cause cancer. No thanks!Its a shame because I like the overall concept and packaging of this product, and would be a great product if the the ingredients werent so scary.
I couldn't taste any mango peach, just tasted like I added plastic to my water with food coloring.  I liked the idea of a little flavoring for my water, but I guess I thought this would be a little more natural, which it is definitely not.
I couldn't find ingredients anywhere when I ordered this.So I was very disappointed to read "Sucralose" as the main sweetener.Anyone who is health-conscious and pays attention to natural health practices knows to stay away from these artificial sweeteners.You may not buy into that idea (do some research), but I do, so this product is a BIG NO.NOT RECOMMENDED.
As one other reviewer mentioned, I tried to find an ingredient list before ordering this mango peach water flavoring.  There was none listed on Amazon.  As I suspected, it is full of artificial ingredients.  I stay away from artificial sweeteners and the horrible taste they have.  I do not recommend this product.
Other than a bit of natural fruit flavor, there is nothing natural about this "water enhancer". Just one drop turned a glass of clear water into a bright orange glass of something that looked suspiciously like Kool Aid. I added a few more drops to try to get some flavor, which didn't really work either. With no electrolytes or yummy flavor, plus lots of chemical colors and sweeteners, I don't understand the point. Yuck!
MIO Liquid Water Enhancer tastes like a peach Jolly Rancher to me, no mango.  Same as a peach Jolly Rancher, I like the flavor despite the slight artificial taste and aftertaste.  It is fun to watch the peach color spread quickly through the water without stirring.However, a few minutes after drinking a couple of glasses, I developed a sore throat with a burning sensation that caused me to keep swallowing for about twenty minutes so I won't be using it again and can't recommend it to others.The MIO packaging is novel.  It really puts out a forceful little squirt when you squeeze it so I recommend trying it out in the kitchen sink the first time.  Although it didn't stain my countertop, it did stain a white cotton dishtowel a pink tone.  The bottle seems quite leak-proof so I think it would be safe to carry in your purse or backpack, although I would probably keep it in a sandwich bag just in case.Ingredients:  water, malic acid, propylene glycol, citric acid, contains less than 2% of natural flavor, sucralose and acesulfame potassium (sweeteners), potassium citrate, polysorbate 60, yellow 5, yellow 6, red 40, potassium sorbate (preservative).
This product, MIO Mango Peach flavor water enhancer does indeed have a great taste with neither calories nor sugar and I enjoyed using it--until, that is, I realized that it contains carcinogens with something awfully bad for you (it can cause cancer), propylene glycol! Not only can propylene glycol cause cancer, "according to the Environmental Working Group, propylene glycol can cause a whole host of problems. It is rated a 4 by them, which is categorized as a `moderate' health issue. It has been shown to be linked to cancer, developmental/reproductive issues, allergies/immunotoxicity, neurotoxicity and endocrine disruption. It has been found to provoke skin irritation and sensitization in humans as low as 2% concentration, while the industry review panel recommends cosmetics can contain up to 50% of the substance." (The Good Human)Ouch! So, what do I give this MIO Mango Peach water enhancer? Four or five stars for the way it makes water taste--but a whole lot less than zero stars for the way this product might well harm you in the long run.  I guess you might be OK using this sparingly but even then that's taking more chances than I would care to take.
I tried this in water, and it took a lot more than I expected to be able to get a strong taste. I am accustomed to Crystal Light and was a little surprised that this MIO took so many drops to get the strong taste I wanted. But the more I put in, the sweeter the water became; it seemed to get sweeter a lot faster than the mango taste amplified. I just couldn't drink it.Next I thought maybe it would brighten up my Diet Sprite; well it did make it pretty! But the MIO seemed to fight with the sweetener in the Diet Sprite in a way that created a funky chemical off-tasting residue in my mouth. So dumped that.One last attempt to redeem the MIO: iced tea! How can you mess that up? Easily! Add some MIO! The tea went from delicious, to tasting like someone had dropped perfume into it. I can't even begin to describe what happened when my tea and the MIO mixed; every sip not only smelled like my bath lotion, but it also faintly tasted like maybe the lotion had been dumped into my tea. Just an unpleasant, shudder-giving experience. Dumped that glass.No matter what I mixed the MIO into, it also left a slimy feeling in my mouth, kind of like snails had been living in there awhile.Not a purchase or even a recommendation for me.
What a great tasting drink mix!  It's by far the best I've ever tried, but I won't be buying or using it because of its ingredients.  Here are the ones that trouble me:1. Propylene glycol is a humidifier used in corexit, anti-freeze, deodorants, and many other products you don't want to eat (although it is approved for use in human and dog foods). Sensitive children may have an allergic reaction to this ingredient.2. Sucralose is an artificial sweetener that combines sugar and chlorine.  Although the manufacturer claims many studies show the safety of Sucralose, I have not been able to locate or read those studies.3. Acesulfame potassium is a sweetener often used in combination with Sucralose.  A 2010 study from Drexel University (find it in PubMed) indicated that safety studies were not sufficient to prove the safety of this ingredient.4. MSG has been given new names, among them "natural flavoring."  Could it be that this mix contains MSG?5. Red and blue dyes tell me that this product is aimed at children, and its great flavor means it will probably be a favorite among youngsters, the ones most likely to show effects from these ingredients.I had hoped that this drink mix would not be a chemical cocktail.  I was wrong.
I am a Crystal Light peach tea fan so I was anxious to try this. My gold standard is Snapple diet peach.  Occasionally they come out with a Mango/Peach which has been excellent.Crystal light relatively closely approximates the Peach version.It seemed like Mio it would be convenient to use.First I had trouble with the packaging.  It was hard to appropriately tear the plastic cover off.  I also had trouble with the directions.  I am 49 and my near vision is going the way most people in their 40s goes... I can't read the directions without finding reading glasses.  Could the manufacturers possibly consider their over-40 customers valuable and print just a little bigger?!My first squirt of the liquid went past the glass.  Ok.  So that will only happen once but..  Although mixing crystal light powder doesn't bother me and I am sure this is a liquid version of something similar, squirting the brown liquid into the water was not appetizing.  I felt like it was a chemistry experiment.When I drank the tea, I continued to think of it as a chemical experiment.  It tasted "chemically"  Again, just not appealing.  I admit I may have been influenced by the "squirting in" process.It is not something I will buy again.  I will stick to Crystal Light and Snapple.
I really enjoy naturally flavored spring water so I was excited to review this "water enhancer" for Amazon Vine.  The first thing that discouraged me was the list of really unhealthy ingredients. I wish the ingredients would have been listed in the product description.  I would have skipped this offer if I would have known it contains the artificial sweetener sucralose and Polysorbate 60. Polysorbate 60 is used in cosmetics and shampoos so I'm wasn't too crazy about the idea of consuming it. However, since I had agreed to review the product I went ahead and squirted one shot into an 8 oz cup of water.  It tasted like a cup of watered down kool-aid.  The taste wasn't horrible, but the after taste was unpleasant.  I added a second squirt and ended up with a cup of water that tasted like a mouthful of sugar followed by a bad after taste.  My kids also tried it and hated it.  Their exact words? "That's disgusting"  I think we will stick to naturally flavored sparkling water.
Hey, they have a cool commercial, right? And, the colors they used for their liquids have a bright, almost day glo quality to them. But, you taste this stuff and its horrible. If you ONLY use a little bit, it tastes like very watered down coolaid. One of the problems with this MIO liquid, is that if you follow the mixing directions from the commercial "Use a little, use a lot..you decide" you could put in two squirts for a glass of water. If you happen to do that, it doesnt taste strong, it tastes WRONG. I actually got sick to my stomach from drinking this stuff, and never drank it after that. Even watering down what i made too strong, couldnt make a drink that I could stomach. However, I did wonder why it made me sick, and looked up what the manufactorers stuck in this bottle. The main ingrediant is MALTIC ACID (C4-H8-O7), which is an organic chemical that occurs in fruit (apples). Next up is PROPYLENE GLYCOL (C3-H8-O2), which is anti-freeze. I know its used in some flavorings, but probibly not at this strenght. Next up, is Citric Acid (C6-H8-O7), which is in citrus fruits, as well as a common preservative. Its sweetened with Sucralose, and contains less than 2% natural flavors. So, its up to you. Maybe you are living or working in a situation, where you are required to drink tap water that has worst tasting chemicals in it, than you have in this MIO LIQUID. In that case, it might even IMPROVE the flavor of bad tap water. However, if you can avoid it, stay away from putting organic chemicals into your body that are better used for industrial purposes, or car engines. In fact, buy a squeeze lemon, and some artificial sweetener, and make your own flavor called lemonaid. Or, drink pure, clean, filtered water. I can only relate my experience. If mixed weak, tastes like watered down coolaid. If mixed strong, turns your stomach. (and yes, i have a strong stomach.)
After reading the ingredients, I can't drink this tea.  I do love tea, but these ingredients sound a bit too harsh for me.  Also, I read some bad things about this tea when reading the reviews.  I refuse to drink this tea.  I am a bit on the sensitive side, and I get reactions from most things that I cannot pronounce or have never heard of.  I will stick with the natural tea that I've been drinking.  I am a tea-drinker, but not this tea.Also, I couldn't drink this tea anyway, even if I wanted to, because the product was all over the outside of the bottle when I took it out of the mailer.  The packaging of this product must not be very good; it seems to have leaked through.
I love sweet tea.  LOVE it.  It's hard being in Ohio and having an immense love for sweet tea... as it's not common around these parts.  Luckily it's become more popular lately but rarely is the sweet tea served southern style.  When I saw this flavor I was pretty excited to give it a whirl.My first try I thought I put too much in as it was overly syrupy.  The second try I didn't think I had enough.  On and on and on I tried and I've yet to find a happy medium for this product.  It's either bland or ick.So sad :(
This is just plain awful. It tastes like you went to a self serve bar in buffet and filled you cup with 1 tea to 3 waters. It has a slight hint of citrus / lemon flavor, and you have to stretch your taste bud imagination to even get a  hint of tea.  Even after putting 10 of the MIO it still had hardly any tea taste. We much prefer the mangoMIO Liquid Peach Tea, 1.62-Ounce, (Pack of 4)ORMIO Mango Peach, 1.62 Ounce (Pack of 4)
At first this didn't taste like anything.  By time I added enough Mio to taste something, I was then disgusted by the flavor.  I like tea, truly I do.  This is not tea.  But I've found a few ways to describe this flavor:Sucking on brown saccharine?Chewing on stale aspirin?Someone dropped a cigarette butt in my water?Sweaty gym socks were wrung out in my glass?Someone left used motor oil on the bottom of my glass?This  drink is a great idea but a terrible rendering of such.  My teenager wanted to try it and I'm tempted to do a science experiment on him.  We call him Big Foot and I'm wondering if it would stop the growth of said feet.  I don't want him to stop growing taller (6'2" now) so I wonder if I sprinkle it directly on his feet, if that would work?  I'll get back to you.I keep trying to figure out how people like this.  I've finally figured it out and I have a message for them:  WATER is not spelled V.O.D.K.A
I've been curious about these little bottles for a while now, since water can sometimes get a bit boring and I try to avoid soda. When I saw the opportunity to try them as a Vine member, I was excited!They're definitely convenient little objects, and if you really wanted to, you could fit one in your purse to carry with you. The way it works is you're supposed to squeeze in a drop at a time until you've reached the flavor you want. Firstly, there are no drops. I had to squeeze the thing with a kung fu grip before anything came out, and when it did, it shot out in a little jet stream. I tried a couple of times, but couldn't get it to just drip. That said, it takes far more than a few drops to get any flavor! I ended up putting in a teaspoon or so before the color was finally tea-like and there was some sort of flavor. The flavor was seriously watered down, like a super weak glass of iced tea.Both my cousin and I tried the sweet tea MIO, and we were both rather disgusted by the flavor. Hopefully the other flavors are better!
I like tea, and thought that maybe this would be something great to jazz up my bottled water at work. As I put the drops in the bottle, I was a little surprised at how vividly colored this stuff is; I'm sure colorless liquid would be less exciting but this tiny bottle of flavoring packs a TON of color!The flavor effect fell flat; I could not add enough to get the flavor I expected, it just got sweeter and sweeter, to the point of being unable to drink it. I would like to suggest to the MIO maker that if they just took out the higher concentration of color and replaced that with a higher percentage of flavoring, that would go a long way in improving this product. It has an aftertaste that is even more pronounced than Crystal Light, and another side effect that is not refreshing. After dumping my bottle, I then had to get another bottle of plain water to wash the weird icky feeling out of my mouth. My mouth felt like I'd imagine Astroglide would act if you drank it; it had this weird slippery aftereffect and my mouth felt like it just wasn't hydrated with the water, as if I needed to keep on drinking. Bleh!Not a purchase or even a recommendation for me.
While it is nice that MIO has no calories, caffeine, or sugar, it just tastes horrible. It is a neat idea in theory, if it taste good, but I could not get it to taste like tea - or anything pleasant, honestly - no matter how much or how little I used. It is just one horrid extreme to the other. Either too bland, too sweet, too just plain gross. I don't know if it is me, or the product, or what? Maybe other flavors will be better - who knows.
I thought I would really like this product.  I love sweet tea, but try to avoid calorie laden beverages.  However, it just tastes bad.  Way too artificial, and with a really bad aftertaste.  It didn't really taste like tea at all, just a kinda sweet, but very artificial tasting water.  Even when I doubled the amount suggested on the bottle, it still tasted off and nothing like tea.I might try some of the other MIO flavors, but I won't be buying this one anytime soon.
When I received my container of Mio Sweet Tea water enhancer, I opened the envelop and the container had been cracked during shipping. When I pulled it out of the padded envelope, the Mio fluid got on my hands. I couldn't get the dye off my hands after washing them twice! This prompted me to check the ingredients, where I then saw it was full of dyes and chemicals:Water, Malic Acid, PROPYLENE GLYCOL, Citric Acid, Sucrolose & ACESULFAME potassium, potassium citrate, RED 40, POLYSORBATE 60, and POTASSIUM SORBATE (preservative).OK people, you can make a tea concentrate using these crazy ingredients called TEA LEAVES & a sweetener! Why all these freak ingredients?I had to try it so I could write a fair review... it tasted like it's ingredients: mysterious chemicals. This was no enhancer, but really a "water detractor".Stay away from this Franken-Tea unless you crave bizarre chemicals & dyes.
I drink a lot of iced tea and was hoping this would be a quick way to make a glass if I run out of the bottled tea. Instead I am not even sure what this tastes like but it definitely does not taste like any kind of tea that I am used to. And it doesn't have a good sweet taste, it is more like an odd tasting sweetener. I also drink diet soda (both Pepsi and Coke) and this does not taste like any diet soda that I have tried. Overall a really poor imitation of something as I can't say it is an imitation of tea since it is not even close to tasting like tea.I made one glass, took a few sips, added more MIO, tried it again then spit it out and dumped the rest down the drain and threw the MIO away. It tasted that bad that no way was I going to drink this stuff.The other issue is that this MiO has propylene glycol and nothing of value. No real juice, no vitamins, actually nothing but some unnamed artificial flavors. Perhaps one of the other MiO flavors might have tasted better but I'm not going to try them as I would not want to waste my money. I'll stick with the bottled brand name teas.
I saw the commercials and though that this would be something great to try, something to add flavor to water and sugar free. I should have realized that sugar free means artificial sweeteners. Going off of the ads, I added some MIO to a glass of water. Of course I could barely taste anything so I added more. I couldn't tell that it was sweet tea. All I could taste was those nasty artificial sweeteners.I tried different amounts and numerous glassed of water thinking that it might be that I put too much or too little in the water. None of it helped. It was so bad that my stomach was rolling after attempting a couple glasses. Now, a different flavor might be more for me. But after this experience, I think I'm just going to not ever think about buying any more.I'm sure if you like Crystal Light and other diet drinks you will enjoy this. Personally, I think the headaches I get from horrible artificial sweeteners is a good sign to stay away from MIO. I'm glad that I got this for free from the Vine Program or I would have been upset to have wasted my money.Shawn KovacichAuthor and Creator of numerous books and DVD's.
I like the concept of this product. There are plenty of people out there who dislike drinking plain water, either because their local water has chlorine or minerals, or just because their tongues demand more flavor. This little plastic bottle could fit into a bag or purse or pocket, and whenever life presented a person with a glass (or bottle) of water, they were one squirt away from a more palatable drink. Especially for people trying to break the expensive and unhealthy soft drink habit, this could be a godsend.Except it tastes disgusting. The 'sweet tea' flavor is just sweet, no tea. It looks a little like tea, due to all of the artificial coloring, but the only flavor is artificial sweetener.Just to make sure my dislike for this wasn't based on the fact that i don't drink much soda, i asked a family member with a diet coke habit to take a sip. He, despite drinking artificially-sweetened artificially-colored drinks every day, also found this revolting.As with any food or drink, one person's appreciation is never universal. I hated this. It doesn't mean everyone will. It may suit your needs better than it suited mine. I, however, would not accept another package of this product unless it came with a $5 bill taped to the side, and even then i'd keep the money and toss the mio.
It has been relatively mild in St. Louis this past week. Temperatures under 75, and very pleasant. This sat on the porch for maybe an hour. We went to open the truffles and found a giant lump of a mess. I've no clue where it shipped from since it was sent Smartpost, but I imagine somewhere hot, where it sat in a hot warehouse, hot trucks, etc.This came in a box with no ice, dry ice, or anything else to keep it cool. Maybe a great idea in the winter months, but in summertime it's completely silly. Very disappointing and I couldn't recommend this to anyone as a gift - how shameful to send melted chocolates to someone!Aside from the melting issue, it's really a nice basket. Large basket with a happy birthday bow and many nice Godiva treats.
I obtained this product for free through the Amazon Vine program.If I had purchased it, and presented it to someone as a gift, I would have been absolutely mortified.  Mortification would have been instantly followed by fury, because these things ain't cheap.The truffles have that greyish tinge that sometimes indicates old age.  However, it obviously came from the box being stored in a very warm area, probably in transit, as every single truffle showed signs of partial melting.  Two of them had melted completely, and were solidly stuck to their container.  (Interestingly, there is no link to post a product image.  Hmmm... I wonder why....)I haven't even looked at the rest of the basket contents.  It doesn't matter.  Such a gift is either perfect, or it's not.  This one is definitely NOT.The gift looks lovely.  It comes in a very nice basket with a silky fabric ribbon.  However, the presentation is all for naught if the gift itself is ruined beyond redemption.Someone at either Wine.com or Amazon should have used their head about the potential for disaster when shipping delicate chocolates in an ordinary box via an ordinary carrier.Inexcusable.
Pros:*Godiva is always delicious*attractive basket and presentation*6 different chocolate items, as stated in the ingredients listCons:*Contents of each package a melted mass of messI live in Texas and today, temperature outside in the mid-80s.  When the package arrived I was at home, so it didn't sit outside at all.  And it was such a disappointment to find it to be all melted.  The package of chocolate covered cashews was one clump.  The lovely truffle box contents were all melted together.  Would have been 5 stars if hadn't been melted.
Nabisco Premium saltines have been *the* saltine in our household since my childhood, so I was eager to try this new variety. It turns out this is more than just new convenient packaging.First of all, like most "New and Improved" these days, "New" really means "Less per Package." While the standard package of four full-sized sleeves of crackers weighs in at 16 oz., this new packaging holds only 13.6oz. There are only 24 servings per box vs. 30. Minus one star for that. Having said that, I like everything else about this product. The smaller sized sleeves helps keep crackers from going stale.When I tried the crackers, I thought they seemed crisper than "normal" so I compared them to the old style I had in the cabinet. Sure enough, these are different. These crackers are thinner. A stack of five of these is equivalent to four of the old. They are a bit crispier compared to the old version.A check of the ingredients shows a new recipe, too. Unlike the old version, which contain HFCS, these have no sugar at all. The new crackers have a slightly higher calorie count/serving, as well as a bit more fat. The sodium count, however, is down.Bottom line: I like this new version and will buy them when they hit the stores here.*****************UPDATE 07/18/2012*****************Reducing my rating from four stars to one.I stored these crackers as I have all saltine crackers for the past 25 years, and the same way my mother did when I was a child...in a metal box styled to look like a Nabisco Saltine box. They kept unopened sleeves of crackers from going stale or eaten by mice.I opened the next to last sleeve today and discovered the crackers had turned rancid. When saltines go stale the smell ok but taste flat and have little crunch. These had a decided rancid odor and taste, but were just as crunchy as the first sleeve. Never experienced this from Nabisco Saltines, and I've been eating them over 50 years.I am assuming Nabisco sent Amazon factory-fresh crackers to be evaluated, so considering the short time I've had them I am truly disappointed. Unfortunately I tossed the box when I put them in the tin. When I called Nabisco CS I was told I was the first one to report this (what a surprise!). They made no offer to replace the defective crackers, offer coupons, or even ask my name. So not much Customer Service, either.
I can't figure out what these things are!  They have the texture of a cracker, but have a sweetness on the outside like a cookie.  They kinda have these chunks of stuff in them - fig I guess - but they're not sweet, really, not do they add much flavor.  They're really crumbly and thin and look like they need to be dipped in something or covered in something - but they're not.  They're like a bland cracker-cookie thing and I just don't get it.-Sorry, I'm not a fan of these things.  These are like crackers with a sweetness on the outer part with chewy bits of whatever distributed throughout.  The bits of fig stuck to my teeth really badly - which was bizarre.  The cookie themselves have a very crumbly texture and break up in your mouth into nothingness.  No real strong flavor here and hardly sweet at all.  The term "fruit" is used loosely here, as the "fruit" is just these tiny bits throughout each cracker-cookie that you can barely taste anyway.  PASS.***Update:  I'm giving these 1 star.  Been eating them for a week now and they're just terrible.  I keep trying them, hoping they'll grow on me, but the weird texture and stuff sticking to my teeth have made me grown to hate them.  These are garbage.***
I was really excited to try these cookies when I first saw them in the grocery store. We didn't buy them right away and when I found them offered through the Vine program I was quite pleased. Fig and Honey wouldn't have been my first flavor choice, but as I do like regular Fig Newtons, I figured I'd give them a try. How bad could they be? The answer is...very, very bad.I like cinammon but the cinammon in this cookie was both overpowering and artificial tasting. Something was just "off" and "too strong" about them. It might be whatever other "natural flavors" are in the cookie and not just the cinammon, I'm not sure, but something just didn't work and the cookie had a bad aftertaste. My 11 year old son said he thought they had a bad "before" and "middle" taste too! I can't argue with him there.The dried fruit bits were equally bothersome. They made the cookie difficult to eat as the bits were too chewy and stuck in my teeth. I don't want to have to pick fruit bits out of my teeth when I eat a cookie.All in all, this cookie was a huge disappointment.  My children wouldn't even take a second bite of the cookies and I wasn't too thrilled about eating more myself.  As a fan of fruit newtons (both fig and other flavors), I had high hopes for these cookies. If the basic cookie for all of the flavors is the same, I won't bother trying any of the other flavors.
Not a fan.  There's really nothing good about these.  They only taste a little bit like blueberry, but what really gets me is that they are more like crackers.  I saw "newtons" and I assumed they would be soft and cake-like.  But no, they are hard and crunchy like crackers - and they kind of taste like cardboard.  Imagine eating Wheat Thins without any flavor at all (even the plain ones have some sort of spices on them) - that's what these remind me of.  My toddler also hated them, and so did my pregnant wife.  My dogs liked 'em, though!
My original review for this product was deleted as it appeared under the wrong category due to having received the wrong product.  If I had seen the list of ingredients prior to ordering, I would not have (but understand that Amazon will be listing more nutritional information soon).To start, 2 cookies, less than one ounce contain 23% of the fat (max) recommended as the usrda, all of it saturated.  It contains hydrogenated fat (though stating 0 grams of trifat, it is higher on the list of ingredients than anything but sugars).  It also contains palm oil, once considered suitable only as lamp oil and now frequently used in cosmetics (but seldom in food).I found some irony in the warning regards peanuts and wheat (the only real food in here) though I do understand that it is for people with allergies.  I do not understand how the comanpy: kraft/ nabisco can even sell these with the hydrogenated fat ban in NY and California.  Do they have a separate line which they produce for those states, or do they just not sell them there?This is a product which I would actually go out of my way to avoid.  it is not as though there are not other good cookies out there (and these were not that good... unless you really like overwhelming amounts of artifical fat and sugar).  Really they should add a he4art failure warning to the label in addition to the peanut & wheat warning, and maybe deny health insurance to people who eat these.  They are bad enough that they could be considered a pre-existing condition.It looks like Amazon may have stopped carrying these, in my opinion a wise choice.
I am outraged that in these hard economic times, companies think they can succeed by offering products that contain hydrogenated vegetable oil, as this one does. I will not eat products that contain such things. Companies that do this are the ones that should go bankrupt!
In the mood for something extra, extra, extra sweet? You will enjoy this cookie then. Otherwise just buy when you have a big crowd. The first cookie isn't bad but all others after that just add up to an unpleasant eating experience.As far as taste is concerned, past the super sweetness, it does taste pretty good with plenty of chocolaty peanut butter flavor.But, wow, are they sweet! How did Nabisco pack so much sweet into such a small cookie?The cookie is about as thin as one side of the Oreo creme filled cookie. Kudos to Nabisco for actually covering the whole cookie with fudge and not just the front side. There is a thin layer of some sort of peanut butter creme on the top side of the cookie under the fudge coating. The PB seems to be where most of the awful sweetness is coming from.I'm not someone that reads every nutrition label for everything I buy and usually I just take it as a given that a treat like a cookie is not super healthy. But these little jewels are so sweet it will make you wonder exactly what you are eating.Dang. 3 cookies is 9g of fat and 170 calories (80 fat). Contrast that with the traditional Oreo: 15 cookies for 160 (60 fat) and 7g fat.I think it is worth mentioning since I couldn't find any nutritional information on the product page.I'm not a fan of the eat healthy band wagon but good Lord. Surely a warning label should be required on something that looks so innocuous. Maybe the outline of a hugely obese person and a fat playful exclamation mark.Let me also point out that if you buy this from Amazon you need to have someone available to get the package as soon as it arrives if it is moderately warm in your area when you purchase them. My shipping package was left out in the sun a while and some of the cookies that had come out of their slots were somewhat melted and stuck together. Nabisco did a great job with the tray they ride in but shipping may unseat them and then the heat will glue them together. I threw mine in the freezer for a bit to solidify the fudge before I opened them.Oh. I have to say that I like the resealable package. I guess I haven't bought that type of package before or if I have all the cookies were gone before they could be resealed. It works very well and is much easier than the usual zip lock type resealable package.1 star for an excessively sweet taste in an excessively sweet cookie that could be a poster child for bad industry.
I found these SnackWell's Brownie Bites practically inedible.  They are dry, chewy and have an off-taste.  My hubby and I each tried ONE of the "bites", then tossed the rest into the trash.  Sorry, but these are a "no-go".  They tasted nasty and were not worth the price I paid...and they were FREE.
I am a brownie lover... ask anyone and they'll tell you that I've never met a brownie that I didn't like.  Until I met the Snackwell Brownie Bites.  I feel awful for being so harsh about something I was given to review but I can't help it.  I was prepared to love these little brownie bites but at first taste I was almost unable to swallow the first one I put in my mouth.  The brownie bites are very, very dry and have very little chocolate flavor.  I can't, in good faith, recommend these brownie bites to anyone.
I know these are supposed to be low fat good for you snacks but I am not going to eat these again.  They are extremely tough and chewy and I would just rather eat a few more calories and have something else!
I'm a guy who love brownies, but these are junk in my book.THEY TASTE HORRIBLE!I even let my nephew try one and he hated it more than I did!I've tried other Snack Well products in the past and this product is easily the worst of the lot!NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!
This is one of the least appealing snacks I have ever tried. I'm glad I got them free through the Vine program so that I don't have to take them back to a store and ask for a refund. I'm sure that some people enjoy these snacks, but this chocolate lover is not impressed. Very, very dry. Tastes like imitation chocolate mixed with other artificial flavors and a bit of powdered roughage. To each their own, but these are certainly not for me!
Snackwell's has built itself a reputation for having low-fat and fat-free cookies and snacks for people on a diet.  However, these new "brownie bites" take the cake (LITERALLY!) for just how stupid they think the American buying public is.  Three of the first five ingredients in this product are pure unadulterated SUGAR and other ingredient in the first five is FLOUR!  Carbs, carbs, and more carbs. These are the products that are keeping Americans fat, sick and diabetic!  Snackwell's ought to be really proud of themselves.
I tried sharing these with my employees. It didn't go well. I may be willing to eat anything, but they made it clear that I should never, ever ask them to eat anything this bad again. And they were unanimous even though they each sampled them independently of the others.I didn't think they were quite that bad. I went ahead and ate the leftovers. But then again, I'll eat just about anything if it's free, and I won't waste anything I paid for. (I got these for free in exchange for reviewing them.)So let's talk about them. They bore no resplendence to brownies other than a chocolate-like flavor. They were more like little pieces of cookie, not quite all the way baked, wrapped around some frosting that was of lesser quality than what my high school cafeteria used to serve.Generally I find snacks that come in little single-serving bags to be lacking, and that it takes two single-servings to make a halfway decent snack, but when I got to the end of a single serving bag of these, I had no desire for any more.Frankly, I could get past the unusual toothiness by considering these to be cookies. But even a half-hour after finishing them, I still have the taste of uncooked flour in my mouth.If you hand me a bag of these I'll probably eat them. They didn't make me sick, and I've had worse snacks. But I'm not going to buy these -- not even on sale.
This sauce taste is more like an Italian dressing but not a good one is too salty and is hard to find the chipotle on it, I didn't like it the flavor is too artificial for me is like a blend not well made.