Being a shy, backward person, it is truly difficult to tell my story, the story of a person suffering from near-necrotic epidermis. But I'll give it my best and relate to you the shortcomings, nay, the failings of this product as a skin treatment.As difficult as it is to admit, I suffer from chronic, persistent Folliculitis. This horribly tragic skin affliction has been my curse since puberty and only grows worse by the year. It starts with small bumps, but with uncontrollable scratching and flaking, it has transformed my somewhat-normal skin into a leather-like covering that only serves to keep my veins, arteries and organs intact. At first it attacked only my arms and stomach and was easily hidden by longish-sleeved t-shirts. Winter was a godsend, as I could slink around fully clothed and the casual observer would never know my affliction. Keeping a calm demeanor and having passably handsome face, I would sometimes merit even the occasional approving nod or glance.All that has changed with time, however. Summer or winter, I must drag myself along like a strict Mormon in long sleeves and pants, envying all other humans as they laugh and play in short sleeves, tank tops or even go shirtless.Then I met Dr. Smetigonavitadong, my ayurvedic dermatologist. He assured me all would be cured if I'd only bathe myself daily in whole milk, preferably Tuscan. Living outside the fringes of society, whole milk would be hard to find (even moreso, whole milk of the Tuscan variety), but thanks to the internet and Amazon, I was able to procure said product in the form of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fluid ounces. I purchased several cases.Months have gone by and, disappointingly, I've seen no change. Pustules and pimples remain, fetid and squamous as ever. And worse yet, I've found that the good Doctor is an investor in the entire Tuscan Whole Milk financial scheme! My embarrassment is complete, as I've been taken by an ayurvedic quack! Adding insult to injury, I have an entire cache of spoiling whole milk and I'm lactose intolerant!Now nights are spent reading Wikipedia to learn various cheese recipes. Any help would be appreciated from those residing in Wisconsin or of Swiss lineage.
I like the idea of less salt, but, really, you need some to bring up the flavor.  This mix is not worth spending calories on.  I suppose if I was starving, I might make a dent in this bag, but since we first opened it a week ago, it is still sitting on the shelf.I don't know how they decided to call this flavor mix &#34;Bold&#34;, because it is milder that a Ritz cracker or the plainest Dorrito.  It's got less flavor that an original Cheez-it.I did go through and pick out the dark &#34;rye/pumpernickel&#34; round chips; there were ten or so.  They didn't have much flavor to them; I think they were just dyed dark brown...  The two different Chex in this mix are not bad, but the pretzels have no zing, no tangy taste when they first hit your tongue.If you empty this bag, if you are way too hungry to need this kind of a snack.  Grab a carrot or piece of celery--you will get the crunch you're looking for and a perkier flavor.
I thought formula might be handy on the go, but the baby hates this stuff. She's fine with breast milk, cow milk, and some other formulas. She'll prett much eat anthing, food-wise. Surprised by her disgust after drinking a sip, I gave it a sniff and a taste myself. It's dreadful, really metallic tasting. Not sure if soy formula's always like this, but I have to admit I was pretty surprised it tasted like anything by sugar after reading the ingredients.2 stars instead of 1 because it does mix up really easily.If your baby has taken formula from the get-go, they may be more tolerant. We have encountered other really tinny ones from the endless stream of Enfamil samples, so I don't think it's altogether rare.
Enfamil Prosobee Soy Infant (ages 0-12 months) is characterized by corn syrup, oils, soy, DHA, choline, vitamins, and minerals.The sugar in milk is non-sweet lactose (disaccharide), which is not absorbed into the bloodstream already in the mouth, as sweet glucose (monosaccharide), which thus is not a healthy substitute for lactose. Unfortunately, milk's lactose is substituted for corn (glucose) syrup solids in Mead Johnson Nutrition formulas except Enfamil Newborn, Infant A.R., Infant Milk-Based Stage 1, and partially EnfaCare, but not for non-sweet maltodextrin (polysaccharide). Corn syrup (solids) contains glucose and - like high fructose corn syrup - may contain fructose, which presence (sweetness) can be masked by adding other sugars. Scientists say high fructose corn syrup is addictive as cocaine. So are corn syrup solids with fructose, which content is not provided on the label. Also, high intake of dietary fructose may lead to liver damage from bacteria due to their movement from gut into the blood stream and liver.So, would you like to start your child's obesity and exposure to a potential liver disease (NAFLD) when he/she is an infant, wait for later, or maybe not to accustom the child to corn syrup at all in order to avoid the fructose desire/addiction, as concentrated fructose is not common in nature, humans were not exposed to its consumption, and thus are vulnerable even those who are not obese yet?!DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) found in fish oil is an omega-3 fatty acid that can be synthesized in humans. A study found that preterm infants fed DHA had better developmental outcomes, but not the full-term infants or term infants (1-12 mo) who develop normally.  A formula for the newborn (0-3 mo) without corn syrup seems to suit better both the preterm and full-term newborns while no evidence suggests that supplementing DHA for the older infants (3-12 mo) is beneficial.Choline is found in sunflower, soy, cod fish, broccoli, cauliflower, milk, chicken, etc. Endurance athletes and people who drink a lot of alcohol may be at risk for choline deficiency and may benefit from choline supplements.For the record, Mead Johnson (& Co) Nutrition has 3 lines of formulas: Enfamil Newborn (ages up to 3 months), Enfamil Infant (up to 12 months), and Enfagrow Toddler Transitions (9 to 18 months) and Enfagrow Toddler Next Step Milk Drinks (1 year & up).  Enfamil Newborn is characterized by easy to digest proteins, choline, DHA, and vitamin D. Enfamil Infant is characterized by choline and DHA. Enfagrow Toddler Transitions is characterized by DHA, choline, calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidants. Enfagrow Toddler Next Step is characterized by calcium and vitamin D, and is available in two flavors: vanilla and natural milk.
Since this was for a child, since the child didn't like it...it kind of goes without saying that I didn't like it, either.  Rather than taking to this formula, the reaction was more of a &#34;get this away from me as soon as possible,&#34; so we won't be buying it anymore.  Which is kind of a good thing, as I was hesitant to even try this, as soy is quite the versatile food - but with a large array of negative &#34;side effects,&#34; regardless of how it's prepared.All in all, I wouldn't recommend this...nor would the child that wouldn't drink it.
This formula came just at the time my baby had developed a bad gas habit. However after trying this for a few days I gave up. The first attempts seemed to reduce gas, however she actively disliked the taste (this is soy based versus regular milk based formulas).But I should note that I have not tried other soy based brands. so I'm giving this two stars instead of one.
I have to start out by saying I don&#8217;t drink energy drinks &#8211; ever.  When Red Bull first came out, I tasted it because it was all the rage, but didn&#8217;t like it.  Later I found it was palatable with vodka.  Lately at work about 3 pm I seem to hit a wall, I thought I would try this drink and see if it would help me over that hump.Turns out I couldn&#8217;t stomach it.  It tastes awful.  It tastes like the medicine I have to force feed my son when he is sick.  It&#8217;s really not good.  I took a couple more sips and could not finish the can.Then there is the obscene amount of sugar and calories - 25g of sugar, 25g of carbs and 100 calories.  It&#8217;s a teeny tiny can of empty calories, to me.  In comparing it to my co-workers &#8220;monster&#8221; that was twice the size and had zero sugar, 2g carbs and 0 calories per serving.  In a pinch I think I&#8217;d choose that, organic or not.  It tastes better and organic or not seems like a better choice for a once in a while pick me up.There was nothing about guru that would make me buy it again.  Good old coffee will just have to suffice!Cherise Everhard, May 2014
Yeah this isn't a real good energy drink at all.A bit sour and it leaves you with an aftertaste that you can't quite figure out.Too much sugar besides.Trying to give away the rest of my 24-pack but no takers as of yet.
Anything that uses natural ingredients is fine in my book, so I was happy to give GURU Natural Energy Drink a try.  It includes certified organic ingredients like can syrup, white grape juice, green tea leaf extract, guarana seed extract, achinacea flower extract, and panax ginseng root extract.  That's excellent, but most energy drinks include these same ingredients (although not necessarily in their certified organic versions).What I expected was a decent little jolt of energy that was similar to the sustained energy of Five Hour Energy or the sudden punch of energy that comes with countless other energy drinks like Monster or Red Bull.What I got, however, was not much of anything except for one hundred empty calories and another can to go into the recycling bin.  I wasn't impressed at all.The slight energy that I did receive was mild and not sustained for a very long time.  I get much more out of a sugar-free, zero calorie Monster drink.The flavor was okay in my book.  I could definitely taste the grape juice, and the overall flavor was a lot less medicinal than other similar drinks.Overall, I wouldn't recommend GURU Natural Energy, unless you're a really, really dedicated organic type of person.  Also, this stuff is gluten free as well.
I enjoy many types of tea, the more flavorful the better. I received this in a sampler that I purchased and did not find it to be very good. It has a very oily taste to it. I will finish off the tea bags that came in the box but would not purchase this type again.
As others have posted, this bar is not anywhere near anything I would ever eat again.  While I use protein bars to supplement my appetite throughout a day, this one was as tasteless as I've come across.  Bland, blah and borderline nasty.
ThinkThin Chocolate Fudge Gluten Free bars may very well be the worse bar that I have ever tasted. Think of everything that the words "chocolate fudge" create in your mind. This is none of those. It has a very strange texture as well. Total pass!
I've had quite a few of these bars in my bag as I travel - the Clif Protein bars are the top, with a couple of the Atkins varieties slightly below, and this one near the very bottom. They're sold under the auspices of healthy - that halo effect from the "gluten free," but they're really just a not very good candy bar.Pros:- No sugar, so if you're low carb they'll work- Um, they're larger than some of the teeny tiny bars, so that's good.Cons:- They taste pretty terrible. Flavors of wet cardboard, stale beer, and old cigarette butts meld with that something you'll find on the floor at a fraternity house.- They're not good for you. Just eat a candy bar instead, seriously.
These are OK.  Not the best kind of protein (soy is inadequate to whey or other types) and not a whole bunch of it.  They taste good, but I have found better tasting bars for around 200 calories.  Not the highest quality ingredients either.  For this type of bar (meal replacement), I would recommend a Clif bar.  It tastes better, has higher quality ingredients, and leaves you feeling much fuller for a much longer period of time.
These Thin bars are unfortunately pretty much what you would expect from something like this.  Small, flavorless for the most part, or at least carrying an off flavor, and only satisfying in the sense that you know its better for you than a Twinkie.  I really didn't get any real chocolate fudge flavor out of these at all.  They really don't taste bad, just not satisfying or all that pleasant.  They do the trick as far as having something in your tummy and putting off hunger pangs for a little while, but that's about it.  One thing I did like about them is the chewy texture.  It was rather gummy to me in that sense which is something you either like in these things or not. I do for it gives you the sense of this small bar lasting a little longer...My biggest gripe with these is the cost.  None of these protein/diet type bars are cheap, but these are definitely on the high end for sure. And there is no flavor there to account for the bigger bucks. You can do better here as far as taste, and price.  The specs on these are pretty good for those that are really trying to lose weight or snack healthier, but I see no reason to recommend them otherwise...
The only word appropriate for describing this product is gross. I eat a lot of protein bars, my favorite being Quest bars. I tend to steer clear of protein bars that have that artificial/chemical flavor and unfortunately these fall into that category for me. Some flavors are better than others and although this was one of the less offensive flavors (hence the two stars), it's still not a product I'd ever buy again.These have that typical "protein bar" texture that's a bit difficult to explain... it's somewhat dry and crumbly and almost seems to dissolve in your mouth as you chew, and the flavor was sickeningly sweet in a very artificial way. Everything about this bar just tasted so unnatural and I've come to expect more from protein products at this price point.Overall I found this bar to be awful and cannot recommend this product.
This review is for the Chocolate Fudge flavor of the Think Thin Bars.  In a word, yuck.  This bar may be all kinds of nutritious, but you have to want to eat it for that to take any effect.The taste and texture was kind of like eating cocoa powder dusted Styrofoam.  It was kind of chewy and soft all at the same time and the only flavor, aside from a dry flat taste, was the cocoa powder.  And it was more like a milk chocolate for the cocoa powder as it had that kind of sour aftertaste.  Needless to say, I didn't enjoy it.The ingredients are decent.  The following is the ingredients list copied from Think Thin's website:PROTEIN BLEND (WHEY PROTEIN ISOLATE, SOY PROTEIN ISOLATE, CALCIUM CASEINATE, CASEIN) GLYCERIN, MALTITOL, COATING (MALTITOL, COCOA BUTTER, CHOCOLATE, SODIUM CASEINATE, MILK FAT, SOY LECITHIN, NATURAL FLAVORS, SALT), ALMONDS, WATER, CANOLA OIL, CHOCOLATE, ALKALIZED COCOA, SOY LECITHIN, NATURAL FLAVORS, SEA SALT.You would think since it was real chocolate and cocoa butter that it would have been a bit better tasting, but all I can think is that perhaps they used low grade chocolate.  And I was really surprised to see almonds listed in there, I didn't taste them at all.  And using Maltitol for the sweetener, I would have preferred stevia or even just a tiny bit of cane sugar (yes I realize part of this products boast is having 0 grams of sugar, but a tiny bit wouldn't hurt).  Still, for a protein bar this isn't a bad list in comparison to other brands.This product is certified to be gluten free and it is sugar free unlike many bars out there.  So it is unique in that aspect and good for those on special diets.  There's 240 calories per bar, but this is meant to be a meal replacement or training snack, not a regular snack.  8 grams of fat and 1 gram of fiber are in it along with 20 grams of protein, which is a lot.  And while there is no sugar, sugar alcohol is present as 12 grams of this bar.I wouldn't buy these again.  At least not in this flavor.  Perhaps some of the others are a little better tasting.  But I couldn't even finish this bar I thought it tasted so bad, and I'm not normally one to waste food.  But, perhaps with different taste buds, someone could enjoy this enough to reap its nutritional benefits.Review by M. Reynard 2013
I have tried my fair share of protein bars and they all seem to taste like powdery chalk.  This high protein bar by Think Thin is not an exception.  The flavor is chocolate fudge and while there is an element of chocolate it is mired with a bitter aftertaste that is prelude by powdery chalk aspect that haunts my palate.  This protein bar is designed to be a meal replacement, hence the calorie count of 240 and a total fat count of 8 grams.  I would imagine that if a person is willing to sacrifice the calories and fat, this meal replacement bar should taste better.  In addition, this protein bar has cholesterol in it, which I found quite disappointing.  There is no sugar or trans fat in this bar but cholesterol?  I believe I will continue using homemade smoothies as my meal replacement.
I have had dozens of "thinkThin" gluten-free bars over the last few years.  If you ask fitness experts like Tom Venuto, you are buying a candy bar with vitamins and protein thrown in it.  However, I've enjoyed supplementing my meals with this nutritious energy boost for some time.  Having a gluten-free diet, I am pleased to report that all the varieties I've tried are tasty and filling enough before or after a workout. (And, anyone who has "Celiac's Disease" like I do will vouch for the fact that any designated gluten-free product not tasting like sawdust is usually worth our time and money. Right?)You can get these bars at several grocery stores, and, depending on the purveyor, this product is reasonably priced at about $1.50.  There are 20 grams of protein, and if you have a cross-intolerance to dairy, then, I believe, "white chocolate" should be your ideal choice.When this nutritional, meal supplement arrived, I ate it the first day.  "Chocolate Espresso" is my favorite flavor, but the item I got was stale.  Instead of it being rich and chewy, it was chalky and crumbly.Don't get me wrong, I love Amazon.  They are my favorite retailer.  It's just that it seems to me the shelf life is most likely shorter at the grocery store or at Wal-Mart than it is from Amazon. I don't know if something needs to be improved from "thinkThin" to Amazon or from Amazon to the consumer, but a change needs to happen (hopefully) soon, for the benefit of consumers and pureveyors.
The positives of this product is that it is gluten free, sugar free and has a reasonable amount of protein, but being pretty much flavor free, these are not enough for me to recommend it.  The first bite was a bit dry but OK with a subtext of coffee flavor.  Sadly, the experience deteriorated from there.  I was unable to discern any espresso flavor in subsequent bites and if blindfolded would have been hard pressed to taste anything in the way of chocolate. Definitely something that needs a large glass of water to help it along.  Few energy bars offer little more than the promise that they can, with any semblance of satisfaction, replace real food.
The texture was crumbly and dry. The flavor tasted like a weak cup of espresso with no sweetener and a little cocoa powder. I wasn't impressed and will not purchase these in the future. The only redeeming quality is that they are somewhat good for you.
I tried a thinkThin Chocolate Espresso bar, and it's an OK, gluten free protein bar, but it's not for me.  They have a decent chocolate taste with some espresso notes, but the texture is dry and chalky, and there's a definite sweetener aftertaste.Despite the "thinkThin" brand name, this is basically a protein bar, with 230 calories, 20 grams protein, 8 grams of fat, and 25 grams carbs, including 10 grams sugar alcohol.  Each bar also has about 20 grams of caffeine.All in all, if you're looking for a gluten free protein bar, I think this would be worth a try, but if not, I think there are better choices.
This bar has the makings of a good protein bar.  0 grams of sugar and 20 grams of protein are a solid start.  It was just the chalky, strange taste and the unpleasant dry texture that sealed the deal for me.  I definitely will not be placing an order for a box of these.  If you are still willing to try them out because the ingredient list suits your needs, I would suggest starting with one bar and not a whole box.
This review is based on a single bar provided by the Amazon Vine program.I eat a lot of "bars" from protein bars, to snack bars.  This bar is small, but packs 230 calories, 20 grams of protein, no sugar, and 25 grams of carbs.  The chocolate covering had good flavor, and consistency.  It wasn't too waxy or melty.  The interior is a single mass of dry filling.  It had a vague chocolately espresso taste, but wasn't good.  It was also very dry.If you need gluten free, it may be an ok option, but I'll be looking elsewhere.
I was looking forward to trying these bars as a good mid afternoon snack.  It is really difficult to get gluten free bars that have a nice texture to it so this bar falls into the "to be improved" category.  The texture is chalky and dense.  The flavor was not as bad but it had some aftertaste to it.  This bar tasted like cocoa powder mixed with some protein powder (the chalky kind), then some oil (or glycerin as it states) and some sweetener.  In this case it contains maltitol which is a sugar alcohol.  I had an upset stomach for several hours and then lots, I mean LOTS of gas....not cool....won't be buying this, sorry.
I've tried many bars that are out there on the market.  They all seem to be either hit or miss with me.  These are a miss.  I don't care for them.The taste is not that great.  The texture is not very good either.  The size isn't bad for 230-240 calories but I just don't care for them.  They aren't so bad that I can't finish them but I just don't care to.Chocolate Espresso- I found them to be only a tiny bit on the chalky side but they are quite a bit gritty.  I don't taste a very strong Espresso flavor.  Didn't like the flavor at all.White Chocolate- These were a tiny bit better but not by much.  The White Chocolate bar was just coated in White Chocolate but it wasn't a yummy White Chocolate.  It was lacking the yummy White Chocolate flavoring that I love.Chunky Peanut Butter-  These were also a tiny bit better but again, not by much.  The Chunky Peanut Butter didn't really taste a lot like Peanut Butter.  It was lacking flavor and I didn't really see/feel any chunks either.  There were some tiny little pieces that I felt while chewing but they were really, really small and it felt like chewing on unflavored coconut or paper.  It was just odd.Brownie Crunch- I didn't find this bar to be much different from the Chocolate Espresso.  Didn't like the flavor at all.  Not much like a brownie in my opinion and there was no crunch.Dark Chocolate- Although I liked the dark chocolate coating, I still didn't care for the inside.Chocolate Fudge-  This one wasn't as bad as the others but I still wouldn't say it was good.  It was just more edible.  Coating wasn't bad and the inside is the same as the rest, not good.I have some other flavors to try and although I'm hoping I'll find one of those to be more to my liking, I'm starting to think that's not going to happen.Unfortunately I wouldn't recommend any of the bars that's I've tried.
I'm not a believer in "sneaking vegetables past the children," especially when the veg in question is in the form of pasta. While there may technically be cauliflower in it, it has none of the health benefits of eating actual cauliflower. There is also less in a package than original mac and cheese, and only two servings rather than three. Even if the cost per package is the same, that makes this product more expensive per serving.Cooking the very thin pasta for the six minutes directed on the package resulted in pasta well past the al dente stage. I used butter rather than margarine in the preparation but otherwise made as directed with no added ingredients. We got two decent sized servings from the box. The resulting mixture was just o.k. For me, the pasta had no texture and little taste, only a mild cheese flavor. Mrs. Boilermate said she could taste the veg in the pasta and said she thought it was a "good addition." She thought it was less creamy than "Easy Mac" or the regular variety. She said Stouffers Mac and Cheese was better, and I agree with her.Overall there's not enough here for me to like enough to purchase this product. You get less per package than the regular variety in exchange for a "veggie benefit" that's a bit over-hyped. And, if Mrs. B. is to believed, one that doesn't taste as good.
This "veggie" pasta purports to sneak in a serving of vegetables and as well have less fat and calories than the original Mac 'n Cheese. It's easy to have less when you change from a 7.5 ounce to a 5.5 ounce portion, which I first noticed when I poured the pasta into the water. It's a lot less than a normal box, even though the box is roughly the same size.After cooking, the pasta smells vaguely of cauliflower, the vegetable that makes it "veggie". Of any vegetable to choose, why that one? What nutritional advantage does it have in its processed forms? Even then, does it really matter what you choose when the chief ingredients are butter, milk, and cheese?The taste is fine, but nothing special. It's not quite the original.
First thing to note is this box is smaller than the normal kraft mac & cheese (5.5 oz vs 7.25 oz).  So you get 2 "servings" instead of 3 according to the boxes.As far as the veggie part...the pasta has some "enriched cauliflower" (whatever that means).It has more fat, cholesterol, and sugar than the regular mac & cheese.  The only true benefit (according to the box) was the vitamin C difference.I decided to have a taste test with the family for dinner tonight.  I cooked a box of regular mac & cheese and a box of these...they did not know which was which.  Everyone agreed that the regular one was better.  Everyone also correctly guessed which one was the new one.  Side-by-side there is definitely a difference in taste.  In fact, the veggie pasta does have a distinct taste of cauliflower in these.In conclusion, the slight nutritional benefit is not worth the inferior taste and servings.
This was a disappointing "macaroni and cheese" product.  Sure, it sneaks in some nutritional value, but face it--you can add regular veggies like broccoli or cauliflower to regular macaroni and cheese with far more cheese flavor.  This didn't deliver Kraft's signature cheesy flavor or a significant amount of vegetables to the diet.My recommendation is to just stick to the regular mac & cheese products and have your veggies with it--it's going to be a lot better for you.  This wasn't a great dish, and far from a successful one.Economically speaking, it has fewer servings in the box to deliver that half serving of vegetables, and by the time that half serving is shrunk even further by eating less of the entire box...there's not enough vegetables to matter.
When I was younger, I loved Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, easily eating an entire box myself for dinner. As I've matured, I'm now a home made mac&cheese kinda guy, but the Kraft flavor is still appealing (kind of like a Macdonald's double cheeseburger - not really a hamburger, but still quite munchable!). That said, this is not what I want when I eat Kraft Mac&Cheese - ~2-oz less stuff? Hrumph! Also, though childless, I agree with other reviewers that describing this as a method to get veg into your kid is stupid. I much preferred the, "If you don't eat those vegetables you don't get dessert!" method when I was a kid. It worked for me.
I am generally a fan of mac and cheese, though I typically go for the sharp cheddar variety.  I don't have a big problem eating my veggies, but if I can get a little extra in while enjoying some mac and cheese I figured it might be worth it.  Oh my goodness, but this was the most bland dish I have tasted in quite some time!  The noodles seemed a little more soft than those to which I am accustomed, and there was just no real taste at all to the sauce.  After a couple of bites, I spent some quality time in front of my spice rack and finally came away with something I was willing to eat.So if you are on a soft, bland diet and you need to get in more veggies then I guess I could recommend this.  But if you are able just stick with your usual mac and cheese and add a salad.  You will get more veggies and your taste buds will thank you.
There is really no added nutritional benefit to this product and to call it "veggie pasta" is seriously stretching the limits of credibility.  I get it: kids love Kraft mac & cheese.  Here's I used to "sneak" veggies in to mac & cheese: at the last minute, I poured a handful of green peas in to the macaroni.  Was it hidden? Of course not, but my kids grew up thinking that was how Kraft mac & cheese was.  It was only the occasional visiting neighbor kid who ever protested.
You look at the box and you think -- a way to sneak in more veggies that no one will notice. As good as that might sound, you have to look deeper at this box and the product inside.I prepared this for my family and I was immediately confused by the nutritional list on the box.  Now a non-veggie pasta from Kraft Mac & Cheese has three servings, this listed only two but to be blunt it easily fed three people.  It also listed only one half serving of vegetables per serving in the box so frankly with one box feeding three of us, it was basically adding no vegetable value at all.The taste was basically tasteless. We expect a certain cheesiness from Kraft and this just failed utterly.  It was salty but not cheesy.  The only creaminess was from the milk and butter I added along with some spice when it proved so bland.I could take a nice tomato and/or spinach pasta and add my own cheese mix to get a product that was tastier and healthier.  My family would eat it and be better pleased as well.  No one liked it in my household.
To be fair, I'm not a fan of boxed Macaroni and Cheese, I'd rather make it with the real stuff! But I was curious how veggie pasta would taste. I cant say this tasted any better than regular boxed mac and cheese. Didnt care for it.
I won't be buying this soup again any time soon.  It was all potatoes and had very little clam flavor.  And besides the price being outrageous, it was just not worth the calories.  Give it a try and see what you think?
I'm reviewing the Organic Chicken and Egg Noodles soup.  I'm puzzled by the reviews that rave about the soup -- the only thing I can think of is that perhaps they are reviewing different kinds.  This particular soup is not worth the money.  You will need to get a magnifying glass to see the chicken.  The egg noodles are "okay."  You'll get lots of water and celery, so if you like that, then this is for you.  The flavor is good, but not better than the various canned soups you buy at the grocery store.  I'd say save your money.
This is the sort of bar that you would find in the grocery store. Nature Valley is a General Mills product.  Very average, and you wouldn't expect much from it.  The second ingredient (to whole grain oats) is high maltose corn syrup.  Not an optimal ingredient, as we are learning.  The other ingredients are eh, so so.  They taste fine, a bit sweet, but edible.  There are 3 grams of protein in each bar, 140 calories, and each bar weighs 1.2 ounces.  That is about 4 bites worth for most adults, probably average for these kinds of "grocery store" bars.  On the plus side, if you are need something that doesn't melt; chocolate coatings, etc. this would work for you.
Well, it's filling, and fairly low-calorie at 140 for the bar. I had high hopes for this bar, given the promise of fruit and nuts, which is reinforced by the packaging that prominently features pictures of raisins, almonds, peanuts and cranberries. Opening the package is the first of the disappointments. The primary ingredient is oats, followed closely by corn syrup. Tiny specks of cranberry, raisin and almond, with a few peanut chunks. The flavor is very sweet with a bitter aftertaste. This is not a product I would recommend or choose to purchase.
If I had to use one word to sum up this product, it would be the following:"Overwhelming"The sauce is thick, which is good for marinating or spreading on a burger or ribs or what have you, but it's so rich and sweet that it really dominates the flavor of whatever it is that you put it on.  Furthermore, the mixture is such that when grilling with it, the sauce caramelizes and chars if the heat is too intense. That's a whole different mess.  If you like really sweet heavy sauces this is for you, but I'll pass on using this again.
First and foremost, I agree with the reviewer that said this sauce needs to be strained to be truly useful.  The flavor is okay, although I personally would prefer more spicy chipotle in the balance.  I will probably add some powdered chipotle seasoning to the remainder of this bottle.  Also, I think it's pretty darn pricey, more than I would be willing to pay.
Fischer and Wieser's "The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce" is made with ripe raspberries and chipotle peppers and comes in a 20 ounce bottle. It is all-natural with no added preservatives and doesn't have too much sodium. It is smoky, sweet, and spicy and can be used in a number of different ways. It can be used as an accompaniment with any meat, fish or fowl such as steak, pork tenderloin, chicken wings, or trout. It can also be used as a salad dressing or poured over soft cheese and served with crackers.While it is quite versatile, I had a lot of issues with "The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce". To start with, it was hard to open and when I did get it open it was hard to pour. When I did get it to pour, too much sauce came out. Once I poured it, it was messy and spilled over the bottle. The raspberry seeds made it too lumpy and the seeds stuck in my teeth. As for the taste, it was too sweet for my taste and not nearly spicy enough. I'd prefer fewer raspberries and more chipotle."The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce" is the number one selling item for Fischer and Wieser, but I found it to be disappointing.
If this sauce was a perfume, I would say that it had an initial fruity top note and a quick dry down to a very hot and spicy kick.  The flavor is definitely layered, which I found interesting.  As an ardent fan of "Top Chef" and "Iron Chef", I have been wanting to try a gourmet chipotle sauce since chipotles seem to be an ingredient which are used more and more often to add "heat" to dishes on these competition-type cooking shows.  To be honest, I didn't really know exactly what a chipotle was until I tried this sauce and then looked up the definition of "chipotle".Wikipedia defines the flavor of chipotles as "relatively mild but with earthy spiciness."  I'm afraid my taste buds are a little more sensitive than that.  I found the heat in this sauce to be very hot indeed.  I like the initial rush of raspberry flavor in the sauce, which reminds me of my mother's  homemade red raspberry preserves.  Only when the fruit flavor is firmly on one's tongue does the chipotle spicy kick come -- and it just tackles my tongue like a pro football linebacker.  I'm afraid I didn't care for it very much.I tried the sauce as recommended, as a complement to chicken and to soft cheese and crackers.  But I just couldn't fall in love, or even like, with this condiment.  I found the sweet fruitiness coupled with the spicy kick discordant.Perhaps someone who loves chilies and loves hot sauces would like this sauce.  Perhaps a tabasco lover looking for something a little different.  But it just isn't for me.
The ingredient label on this product shows that sugar is in first place, and that's pretty obvious when you taste this syrupy concoction - it is sweet! This thing tastes more like jam or pancake syrup to me than a "sauce." If you look at all the raving reviews people have written so far, though, my review is bound to be unpopular and invite sneers. But too bad, I think this sauce is way too sweet and also not worth the money.If you use it as a bbq marinade (which I did not do) and let it smoke and blacken some on the grill, I think that would be a good use for it because it needs something to transform it from its original state (unless you put it on pancakes or waffles). From the bottle I just find that while it does have a slight kick of chipotle, it is far too one-dimensional to justify so many raves. I have to believe all the highly favorable reviews come from people with a sweet tooth. When first tasting it, it does taste very good.  But it gets tiring very quickly.  I received a bottle as a Vine sample but I would not spend my own money to purchase one.
I just loved my first taste - sweet, smoky, spicy. A very addictive combination of flavors. I thought I'd try it in a stir fry and I found it to be much too sweet and overpowering. The main ingredient is sugar and it seems like the heat comes from the jalapenos and the smokiness from the chipotle. I really didn't mind the raspberry seeds. This sauce isn't really to my liking and I can't see myself using it for cooked dishes because I think it will mask and overpower any other flavors.Taste is a personal thing and I can imagine many others liking it but it's not for me.
This is a sweet and spicy concoction which is a little less on the spicy side than I expected. Pour it on any type of fish, or chicken dish. I also checked using with Cheddar cheese on crackers, it didn't taste good, but if you mix with olive oil and vinegar it serves as a good salad dressing. The manufacturers claim that there are no preservatives, which should be a plus, since most preservatives destroy the original taste. The sauce contains raspberry seeds that may not be satisfactory to few consumers.1.Louisiana Chipotle Pepper Hot Sauce, 3-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12)2.Chef Paul Prudhomme's Magic Seasoning Blends ~ Magic Sauce & Marinade - Southwest Chipotle3.Mrs. Dash 10-Minute Marinade, Southwestern Chipotle, 12-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)4.Arriba! Fire Roasted Mexican Chipotle Salsa, Medium, 16-Ounce Jars (Pack of 3)5.Three 15-oz Bottles of Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce6.Blair's Original Death Sauce with Chipotle and Skull Key Chain - 5 oz7.La Morena Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce, 7 oz.
I have been trying this sauce for a while before I decide to weigh in on my opinion. Overall, it started out all right in the beginning. It was extremely strong so I had to use only a little bit to get the taste of it. I tried it on hot dogs and was actually pretty good. Zesty, tangy, sweet, smokey, and a little bit of spice. It wasn't as good on sandwiches.Then I tried one of the recipes that came with the bottle. I used cream cheese, crackers, and the sauce. If you use just a small amount of the sauce, it was pretty good since too much meant way too sweet. This brings me to one thing I noticed right off the bat about the design of the bottle. It was too easy to just pour too much of the sauce on things. The bottle opening is just an opening and has nothing to keep you from pouring too much of the sauce on your items. Plus, it was very easy to spill the sauce over.EDIT: looking back at it, I believe this product didn't make me sick. Rather, it was a bug that I caught. Either way, the taste is pretty decent but just a bit strong tasting to me.
Sugar is the second ingrediant listed and you can taste it. I have tried other products that mix the hot and sweet with success. This marinade just did not suit my tastebuds. Now, to be fair-my family loved it. Yet since I was reviewing and I am the only only to shop, I rated it with my viewpoint.
Do not be fooled by the name. I could not taste the ginger(no ginger after bite) at all and barley the habanero only after several tastes. Sauce is really way too sweet(too much honey for me), but makes a good honey glazed chicken for the kids. This is a dipping-finishing sauce so is supposed to be used after food is prepared.
I was very excited to receive the Mango Ginger Habanero sauce, as I LOVE the Roasted Raspberry Chipotle by Fischer & Wieser.  This sauce was a big disappointment.  The sauce is too sweet with only a  little flavor and a small amount of heat.  The raspberry chipotle is bursting with flavors, so I was expecting much more from the mango ginger.  I do not plan to buy this sauce in the future.
Personally, I found this too sweet for my taste.  The sweetness was the level I would expect from a dessert topping.  Not that this is not without its uses.  I think that this would make a perfect topping for my waffles, which I am going to try.  The habanero is misleading. I detected no heat level at all.  It is very similar to a spiced pineapple topping I once tried over ice cream.
I was quite impressed by Fischer & Weiser's Raspberry Chipotle sauce and had high expectations for the Mango Ginger Habanero flavor. While I really enjoyed the texture and complexity of the Raspberry Chiptole, I find this one to be sort of boring.Much of the essence of a fresh ripe mango is lost upon bottling. While I can taste a hint of (cooked) mango, it is overpowered by the sweetness and flavor of honey. They should have named it Honey Ginger Spicy Sauce. I can taste a good amount of ginger in the middle of my palate, which then gives way to a moderate level of heat from the habanero. While the heat is present, I can't actually taste the unique bright flavor of habaneros in the sauce.The texture is thick and syrupy. It kind of looks like the nasty brown sauce they use in the neighborhood Chinese-American restaurants. Like it's been thickened with a ton of cornstarch.
This "sweet heat" mango sauce with a touch of Habanero peppers is somewhat thick and viscous that contains more mangos than Habanero. Hence I found this a little sweeter than the hot sauce I am used to. I tried this on grilled chicken sandwich, and baked fish sandwich; it tasted good, but you may want to add other condiments to spice it up depending upon your taste. If you use this while grilling or baking it tastes better than adding after grilling/baking. I tried this sauce also on Chinese food and it works well.1.El Yucateco Green Habanero Sauce, 8 oz.2.El Yucateco Extra Hot Habanero Sauce, 4 oz.3.Pickapeppa Hot Mango Sauce4.Earth & Vine Mango Horseradish Seafood Sauce & Dip5.Pomegranate & Mango Chipotle Sauce (15.75 ounce) by [..]
As a fan of spicy foods, I was anxious to try out this sauce. The habanero is one of my favorite peppers, adding great flavor and heat. Unfortunately, this product diluted the habanero taste so that it wasn't significant at all.I tried this sauce as a cooking glaze and a dip with beef, chicken, and pork. If you're looking for sweetness, it adds a very pleasant flavor. Unfortunately, that's not what I'm looking for in a sauce that boasts habanero. The mango, honey, and apple flavors dominate this sauce. The ginger is also apparent, but not as pronounced. The poor, poor habanero is absolutely lost in the shuffle.Overall, this sauce is a pretty big disappointment to me. If it were advertised and marketed as a fruity sauce, I'd be much happier with the product. The company advertises this product as having "sweet heat". Well, it got half of it right.
I wanted to like Ginger Habanero Sauce but I found the taste of this sauce very cloying. At first I thought it was not hot at all... But then the habanero kicked in and my tastebuds were on fire.The overall effect was like eating a mouthful of what you'd expect flowers to taste like mixed with habanero. I might've liked it better if it were more mild, but I need to keep my stomach lining as happy as possible.2 stars. Not my favorite sauce.
The ingredients of this sauce sound interesting -- mango, ginger, and habanero peppers.  The problem is that the sauce is terribly sweet.  The mango puree, honey, and sugar contribute too much sweetness which is not offset enough by the peppers.  The ginger flavor is virtually lost.  We tried the sauce on chicken and the sauce overpowered it, almost completely masking the chicken's flavor.  We figured it would devastate fish, so we never tried it on fish.  Of course, foods are a matter of individual taste, so if you tend to prefer sweetness in cooked foods, you might enjoy this sauce.  However, if your want a sauce to accent rather than dominate a main course, look elsewhere.  This one isn't for you.
I ordered this Twinings tea based on the reviews here and well, I just cannot understand why people like this.  I always love Twinings but this one, well, to be frank, tastes like dishwater.  There's NO tea flavor whatsoever, and for a British tea, it's very surprising.  I'm sending this one back to amazon and keeping the Typhoo.  May I suggest you try their decaf instead.  It has a very rich, tea flavor and is decaffeinated, which I found amazing.  This Twinings, to my chagrin, tastes just like Lipton's - no taste whatsoever.  And, if you like your tea the British way, with milk, FORGET THAT!  You really won't taste the tea then.  Sorry, Twinings needs to grab a cup of Typhoo or Taylor's of Harrogate in decaf.  Theirs are just outstanding.
I have friends who are raving fans of the Mallomars. I figured they'd be a big hit with me too. After all, there aren't very many junk foods that I don't like. If anything, I have impulse controls issues and have trouble stopping at just one of anything.So I was really surprised when I tried my first Mallomar yesterday. I expected to really have to restrain myself and avoid scarfing down a bunch of them. But no. One was enough. I had no desire to try another. I guess that's lucky for me, because at 60 calories each, these pack quite a payload.Hmmm. Maybe I was in a bad mood or there was a sampling issue. I can't honestly form an opinion on just one, so I tried another one a few hours later and then one more again today.I had the same feeling after every one of them: too much dark chocolate flavor. I like dark chocolate a lot, but these have a surprisingly long lasting dark chocolate aftertaste. The marshmallow inside is really first rate. Marshmallows can get stale and funky pretty easily (except for rock hard Easter peeps!). So yes, they really succeeded with the filling. The cookie was OK, but it didn't hold together very well. It tried to split vertically, which I expected, but it also delaminated horizontally and made a big mess. The cookie taste wasn't as good as I expected. It was fresh and buttery, but there was no sweet flavor or even any graham flavor. It was just a buttery shortbread taste (and messy).And besides the dark chocolate aftertaste, my other lasting impression was that the three tastes (chocolate, marshmallow, and cookie) really didn't marry very well in this treat. They don't combine into a distinct taste like a s'more or a moon pie. They're just three individual tastes. Or actually the marshmallow and the cookie are just delivery systems for the dark chocolate flavor.I've probably really made you mad by now if you're a Mallomar fan. It's fine with me if you like them: different strokes. I wish I could share the rest of my box with you.But if you DO like them, is Amazon the right place to buy them? My box of Mallomars had a pretty rough ride. The chocolate was marred pretty badly and at least one of them was damaged. I don't think the packaging from Nabisco is sufficient for shipping these by UPS or FedEx. I'm sure they do just fine on the regular truck to the grocery store, but freight shipping is a different experience. I'll post a link to a photo so you can see the condition of the contents.It's the cool autumn in Southern California right now, so the contents weren't melted. They would have been badly damaged during the hotter months.So there you have it. It's a treat that a junk food junkie like me can turn his back on. And it's a shopping experience that will probably be disappointing to real fans of this treat. I recommend you pass this item up.Check out the product photo that I posted.  It shows the condition of the cookies when they arrived.
These Mallomars pack a lot of sugar. They do have a chocolate taste. But the marshmallow taste overwhelms the more subtle chocolate, so that I felt at first like I was spooning sugar into my mouth and chewing it. Needless to say, that is not a good taste for me.Before the box was gone, I got more used to the sugar explosion, and the cookies tasted better. But that's not a good thing. Better to avoid this kind of treat. It's not good to like sugar.
I remember these from childhood but I guess those memories aren't that accurate. These were very dry, poor quality chocolate and mediocre marshmallow. All combine to make an underwhelming product. There are other mass market products that are similar but better, such as the Pinwheels also from Nabisco. There are also very high quality versions out there from small, specialty manufacturers; chocolate teacakes from the UK, similar products from other countries (they all seem to have some variation on this theme) and there are even great recipes on the various food websites for the more adventuresome. Your kids may accept these as edible, but why not give them something better?
I have been a Mallomar fan since I was a kid.  They were always a special treat that we truly enjoyed.  Honestly, I don't know if this is a new formula, if they changed any ingredients, or cut back on using tastier ingredients.  Upon opening this box, I could see that something was amiss.  They weren't as dark as I recall, almost looking aged, or old, although that's really not possible since production only starts up in the fall.  My first bite was also a disappointment.  I couldn't really taste the chocolate, or the marshmallow.  The graham cracker tasted awful and was a lot dryer than I remember.  Some of the cookies were broken and separated from the graham cracker.  I will be purchasing a box locally to see if production has declined or if I just received a bad box.  I'll post back with my findings.EDIT:  Purchased a box yesterday at Shoprite and the first cookie out was mouth watering, as it should be.  Perfect blend of chocolate, marshmallow, & graham crackers that I remember.  This indeed was just a bad box...
On the basis of taste alone, Mallomars would get 4 stars from me.  These were non-messy S'mores alternatives long before people even heard of S'mores; starting with a graham cracker-type base, then a layer of marshmallow and all capped with delicious chocolate.  They're a great treat, even if the temptation is to keep popping one in your moouth after the other.The problem here is that a single package doesn't travel well.  Consider the way a lot of boxes can be tossed around in mail and UPS trucks and you start to get an idea as to the problem.  About half of the cookies that were in my shipment were either broken or crumbly.  That kind of detracts from things.  And before you have images of some small package delivery guy tossing the box every which away, this wasn't that kind of damage.  This was the kind of crumbing and breakage that's almost unavoidable in a small carton... IF... it's going to be shipped through any method other than a shrink wrapped pallet.  I like the treat, I just wish it wasn't so crumby by the time it gets to my hand.
These cookies were a childhood favorite, so I really looked forward to receiving them.  But the cookies I received had obviously been stored improperly (maybe frozen at some time?)  The chocolate had a dusty bloom, and the tops separated from the graham cracker base at the slightest touch. They are not bad tasting, but certainly didn't live up to expectations!
These cookies were falling apart when I opened the package and they were also oddly discolored. My spouse and I went ahead and each ate one. Well, he ate one. I took one bite and rejected it. The chocolate is too thin and bitter for my taste. The cookie continued to fall apart after one bite. The one bite I had left an awful aftertaste in my mouth. My spouse wasn't impressed either. We will not be purchasing these.
Although I love organic foods and I especially love blueberries, I have to admit I was quite disappointed with the Wild Blueberry bar from Pure. Not only did it had the texture and taste of a bad fruitcake, but it was less nutritious than a comparative bar like something from Luna or Cliff. It also containing a whopping 14% of your daily fat intake. The only real value of the bar is in terms of copper and dietary fiber, both of which you can get in many other things and with far less fat. Perhaps a Fiber One bar which has less calories than this and 45% of your fiber instead of 16%All in all, I love that Pure bars are mostly organic, but they have no flavour or any actual health benefits. It's kind of a sham meant to prey on people that just see the word "organic" and assume something is actually good for them. Stay away.
Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew raw fruit and nut bar is not for me.  It was like eating an unbaked blob of dough mixed with bits of nuts and tart unripe cherries.  I would rather eat a cherry pop tart than this.
I was surprised to see "rice protein" I don't know if it's as bad as I think it is, but none the less, I didn't like the bar at all. Three adults and one 3 year old split a bar. My adult daughter and I didn't even finish our 1/4 of the bar. Only the 3 year old ate his. I've had other fruit and nut bars from Amazon and they were OK. I haven't been crazy about any of them, but his one I actually didn't like at all.
I've been giving several organic products a go lately, but is the first PURE Organic I've tried and I have to say it's not selling me on the idea of trying more.Visually UnappealingI opened the package to see something that looked a lot like what I'd imagine beer dung to look like if it was flattened and chopped into a 3"x2" rectangle. Nuts and blueberries are visible through a brown paste, which has a slight sheen to it.Taste and TextureThe best part - you taste the nuts (walnuts, almonds and cashews) almost immediately. Actually I thought there was oats in it, but it's all in the nuts. Texture is somewhat pasty and fibrous, but thankfully not dry.Lots of fiber (3g) which according to the label may contain 'pieces of nuts, shells, stems or pits'.  Not reassuring, but definitely organic!Certified organic, this bar has rice protein and agave nectar, with a few other this and that thrown in, but very little.  It's considered 'raw, vegan, rich in omega-3's, a full serving of fruit, certified organic and gluten-free'. Taste however, at least for me, it lacks.Overall, I liked the idea of it, and will give the makers kudos for putting all kinds of good stuff in there, but if you need to find a quick snack that's under 200 calories and is gluten-free, consider a handful of raw almonds and a piece of fruit instead.  It would taste much better and probably cost the same or less.
Sadly, that also goes for taste.  Sure, this is healthy.  If you are a health nut who views food as mere sustenance and doesn't look to eat things that taste good then by all means, dig in.  Personally though, I take my food a little more seriously.  I love to eat healthy (or at least I want to love to eat healthy) but I also require that my food taste good.I don't just want to feel full, I want to feel satisfied.PURE organic bars are full of organic goodness, but they don't do anything for my taste buds.  I'll say too that the consistency of the bar itself is not really that appetizing.  I've had fruit bars before, and they are rather gummy in texture and that isn't really appealing to me, and this bar is similar in texture.  For a `Wild Blueberry' bar too, I didn't get very much blueberry flavor.It was kind of bland.There are certainly better tasting bars out there that are healthy for you.  They may not be organic and they may not have `nothing' in them, but they at least have some flavor.There is a long list of no's on the back; they should have added `no taste' to the list.
Pure hypes this as "Organic, Vegan, 4 grams of fiber..." and so on for a long paragraph.  I don't really care.  It looks like a candy bar or a snack bar and that's how I'll review it.It's not disgusting.  I can taste the cherry.  It doesn't have a noticeable aftertaste.  And that's about it on the positive side.The negative side isn't large.  The texture isn't pleasant.  Although I could see the cashew chunks I didn't notice any cashew flavor - and I like cashew so that was a disappointment.It's nice to have the Omega 3s, vitamins and what not but I take supplements for those anyway and those aren't mildly annoying to eat.Summing up, I have little use for this but it wasn't bad enough to warrant a 1 star review.  However, if you're heavily into the "organic" stuff this is worth looking at.
The bar is healthy judging from the ingredients. I was looking forward to getting it because I love cherries and cashews.  And, I'm always looking for a good health bar.  But, I was disappointed when I tried it. In fact, no one in my family (two daughters and wife) really enjoyed it.  It's rather dry and not very appealing.
I'm from Oregon and we grow a lot of blueberries in this state. This tastes to me like imitation blueberries (it includes "organic blueberry flavor"). It's got great ingredients, but the flavor didn't trill me.On the other hand, I love the PURE "Cherry Cashew" bar...it is yummy!One word of caution: This product is certified gluten free and a proud supporter of the Celiac Disease Foundation, but if you look closely there is small letters that say it is produced in a facility that processes wheat!
Our family often eats granola bars, especially ones that are high in fiber. I was happy to give this little bar a try. While cherry is not my favorite flavor, I kept an open mind when trying this bar. I do really love cashews, so I thought the combination might be interesting and tasty.  My husband an I both had a bite, and we both agreed it was too thick. It was not an enjoyable texture or flavor (even for my husband, who is a cherry fan). The cashew flavor was very subtle.  If you are a huge fan of cherry flavored bars, you may want to give this one a try. Unfortunately, for our family, we will not be trying it again.
I've had a variety of fruit bars over the years and this is definitely one of the worst. It doesn't have a great deal in the way of good flavor and it's over burdened with cashews and walnuts (neither of which I like). The labeling makes great hey out of the fact that it's not got gluten, doesn't use GMO's, has no cholesterol, no trans-fats, and that the blueberries used therein are raw. Because, you know, mankind was doing fine before we actually started cooking our foods.Beyond the hype of the product, there's not really anything worthwhile here, and lord help you if you have a nut allergy. This thing just didn't taste good and I can't say as though I have any interest in ever eating any more. Put it this way: When I first opened the box I was a little disappointed to see only one bar therein instead of a pack of twelve. Now I'm just relieved.
I was hoping for a good experience, but was dissapointed.  The bar was very oily and had a lack of taste.  I couldnt finish it.
Nutrition Information:Calories 190fat Cal 70total Fat 8gcholest 0mgfiber 3gsugars 17gprotein 7gThe packaging is enticing, I'd at least pick it up in the grocery store to look at since it's organic.  But, it is pretty high in calories for such a small bar.  The consistency was like a very thick fruit roll up (very sweet and chewy) with chunks of cashews throughout, which was the only part I liked.  It was too heavy for me.  I'll stick with some of the other bars lower in calories if I'm in a pinch (really enjoy Luna bars).
Sounded good....organic, no refined sugar, lots of vitamins/minerals, antioxidants, low sodium....but alas....I would not purchase this.  First off it looked well, yucky, a rectangular brown bar...not appealing, but if it tastes good, I thought, then I could get past the unappetizing look.  So, I took a bite and well, it tastes like your Aunt's old fruitcake recipe, except chewier.  I'm sorry, but no matter how much I want to snack on healthier foods and buy organic, I can't recommend this one.  I got a bit of a nutty taste, but couldn't quite taste the cherry either, but maybe it was because I couldn't get past the fruitcake'y' kind of flavor.So, though you could buy many bars that taste worst, I will not be purchasing this one. It just didn't have the appealing look or flavor to make me buy it.  Too bad-looks like there are lots of reasons why, if it tasted good that this would be the one to buy, but once again I vote flavor over just good for you, so I'd have to give this one a pass.
This bar didn't taste terrible, but it didn't taste good, either.  Just kind of blah.  I split it with a friend, and all she could taste was sweetness with some cherry flavor, and all I could taste was a faint cashew flavor.  If you're looking for a benign organic option, high in calories (190 for a small bar), give this a try.  If you're looking for something higher in protein and more flavorful, look elsewhere.
I was a bit disappointed in the taste of this bar.  The nut flavor was good and nice and crunchy, but it didn't taste anything like blueberries.  It was kind of a gooey (or gluey), chewy bar with a taste that is hard to describe.  Not a bad taste, but I doubt it's anything kids would like that much.  I assume there is no added sugar, which is a real plus.  I suppose it is good to be eating something natural, but why not just eat the nuts and blueberries separately instead of crushed and compacted into a bar?  Convenience would be the only reason I can think of and these would have a longer shelf life than fresh blueberries.  Great for campers or hikers who don't want a high sugar snack.
When I ordered this snack bar, I expected something likeNature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bars, Fruit & Nut, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 12), something with lots of nuts and a little dried fruit. When I received the package and opened it, however, I found that it was the opposite: dried fruit with nuts mixed in. It looked like dark chocolate, only kind of waxy, not very appetizing. But looks aren't the most important part of a snack, so I bit in.And it wasn't very good. It had a tart, almost bitter taste. Tart is fine when there's another taste to complement it, but the only other flavor here was that cardboard-y, health-food taste. The consistency was pretty good, though-chewy, but not too chewy. And the bar does have a good shelf-life.The wrapper is pretty, but it's not bio-degradable, which I'm sure is important to a lot of organic food lovers.This snack is pretty good for you. All the materials are organic, nothing but dried fruit and nuts. It has a lot of antioxidants like omega3s. There are 17g of sugar, but it's all from the fruit, so it's better for you than products with added sugars. There're 8g of fat, .5g of saturated fat, and 190 calories. That's not bad, but I was hoping there would be some monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats in it. The snack bar is gluten free, dairy free, and vegen, and that's good. You get 3g of fiber, but there's not a whole lot more nutritive value. You can exchange the bar for 1.5 fruits.And honestly, I would do just that. Fruit sure tastes better, and if you choose the right fruit, more nutritious. There really aren't a lot of nuts in this, and I was hoping for more (that's what she said). I think an organic trail mix would be a better choice. This snack isn't bad for you, but honestly, the best thing about that is that you can eat something else later without feeling guilty.
Well Cherry and Cashew hmmm sounds good right? Well mostly it's not either of these and has a high calorie, carb, and sugar content. I could live with that if it tasted better, sadly it just does not. For that high a calorie content, sugar content and carb content, I could have a nice dark organic chocolate bar with no added sugar that would be much healthier. It was not the worst thing I ever ate but not all that good either. I would not recommend it, or buy it if I was looking for something of this nature. It sure looked good, unfortunately in the taste department it fails, and as far as healthy its not all that.
Considering the ingredients, I'd rather snack on a mix of high quality dried cherries and nuts than on a bar that is mostly dates (note: dates are listed 1st in the ingredient list, with cherries 3rd). Dates are a fine fruit, but for a bar named Cherry Cashew, I expect, well,  cherries & cashews!Though the flavor was OK, the crunch of nuts was totally lost in the heavy, chewy mixture that was the basis for the bar.The pre-packaged bars are definitely convenient (grab and go). Still, for my money, I'd prefer buying dried fruit & fresh nuts in bulk, mixing up a batch to my taste, then storing in small reusable containers  to throw in the lunch bag or purse during the week.
Well, I was excited about trying this product especially since I like cherries and cashews.  When it arrived, I opened it up and took a bit (it arrived about mid-afternoon). I caught a little cherry flavor then cashew at first but it disappeared quickly and the next bit didn't help either. Sorry, but this is not very appetizing to my palette. I choose my caloric intake carefully and this just doesn't come up to a positive for me.  Maybe another combination might do it!I would suggest a little more cherry flavor and that possibly through adding additional sweetner to the mix.  The crunch, the cashews are just fine but the lack of continuing flavor not good.
I guess this bar is healthy...it has good ingredients. Not enough of any of the ingredients to get a good dose of what makes those ingredients healthy, however. For your nearly 200 calories you get almost no vitamins or minerals to speak of. There are nice chunks of nuts, but since they aren't toasted first they don't have that flavorful crunchiness. (And yes, I get that toasting would make this a NON-raw food, as if being raw is necessarily worthwhile, anyway.) The bar is just bland with some vague blueberry taste. Just brownish-purple gumminess with little pieces of dried blueberry and big pieces of raw nuts. It may have 6 grams of protein, but 190 calories aren't going to sustain you for long, regardless. My teenage son (who eats anything)took one bite and handed it right back. Frankly, if I'm going to throw away 200 calories on what basically amounts to an empty calorie snack, I'll find something more appealing.
The first and occasional taste of real blue berry made me keep trying another bite, but each time I did I became less satisfied with the bar. I was hoping that it would have been more like the KIND Fruit plus Nut Bar, which has a very satisfying taste and texture, but instead it was more like a chewy gooey unidentifiable powerbar with some nuts and fruit added. If you like the normal powerbar goo (which I do not), then this could be a good fit for you as the addition of the fruit and nuts could make it more interesting. It definitely felt like it would fill you up for the 190 calories, but I like to enjoy the food I it as well.
The ingredients listed on the wrapper of my Pure Organic Wild Blueberry bar differ substantially from the list on the Amazon page (though, in fairness, the listing says that ingredients may vary--but this much??). Here's what it says on Amazon today:"Organic Dates, Organic Wild Blueberries (With Organic Apple Juice Concentrate and Organic Canola Oil), Organic Cashews, Organic Almonds, Organic Unsweetened Lemon Juice Concentrate."Here's what I got, as listed on the wrapper:"Organic Dates; Organic Cashews; Organic Walnuts; Organic Rice Protein Concentrate; Organic Wild Blueberries (With Organic Apple Juice Concentrate and Organic Sunflower Oil), Organic Agave Nectar, Organic Almonds, Organic Lemon Juice Concentrate; Organic Blueberry Flavor and that's all!"That's a HUGE difference.For me, the main problem is walnuts, though. Although I'm not allergic, I have a sensitivity to walnuts that causes slight irritation in the mouth and an associated bitter taste. So, that's strike one, but that's just me. Just sayin'.I just don't get a satisfying flavor and texture from this snack. The date texture comes through in the slight gumminess, but there's really no berry or even fruity sweetness or tanginess there. The cashew/walnut mixture makes for an overwhelming, much nuttier flavor and texture than I had expected with a product highlighted as a blueberry snack. I'll take a pass on this one.
My kids usually love anything that has the words "bar" and "fruit" in it.  But after a couple nibbles of this, they put them on the counter and said, "I don't want this."  I tasted it and didn't blame them.  It's bland, and just plain lacking.  I didn't eat it either--it went into the trash.  We tried both cherry and blueberry flavors--same reaction to both.  I'd recommend Larabars instead of this if you're looking for raw food or bars with no added sugar.
Maybe if I was stuck on a desert island and only had these to eat...then I would eat it again. I did not like the taste or the consistency.
This bar contains only good (not processed) ingredients with dates and cashews first and second in the ingredients list. However, I thought the bar was tasteless and slightly sweet.  At 190 calories a bar (70 fat calories), it is not something I would purchase because I felt unsatisified after eating it.
Maybe I was raised on too many processed sugars and prepackaged food but it seems the more "natural" things get, the more they tend to taste like cardboard. Needless to say, I was not a big fan of this product.
Not exactly stale but almost...not exactly fresh! That's the way this bar tasted in my opinion. I shared it with my friend, who liked it no more than I did.  I did not taste cherries or cashews, but it is a cherry cashew bar. The first ingredient listed is dates. I like fresh-tasting dates. What would be wrong with mentioning dates in the name of the product? I like walnuts too. Aren't many people allergic to walnuts? The bar is "raw"  with "nothing cooked" and "nothing processed" according to the label.  Yet it contains "rice protein" that must have been separated from the rest of the kernel. Was that process processing? The bar was sweet enough but not tasty enough to satisfy our taste buds. These are mere opinions.A few facts: "Allergy statement: contains cashews, walnuts, almonds. This product is produced in a facility that processes soy, milk, wheat, peanuts, fish, tree nuts."  The bar weighs 1.7 ounces and contains 190 calories, including 70 fat calories. The label on the front says, "Pure for all people."  The list price for 12 of these bars is $30.00, but it is selling on Amazon for $19.89. Shipping weight for twelve bars is 1.4 pounds. The product description says the bar has a "good dose of vitamin C" but the label says a serving of one bar provides 6% of the daily requirement of vitamin C.
Okay, if you are a health nut or vegan, or into organics, this is for you.  It's certified organic, gluten free, rich in Omega 3's, raw, and Vegan.  It says it's a good source of fiber, but at 3 grams per serving, I'd say it's just an okay source of fiber.There are no refined sugars, no gluten, dairy, or soy, no cholesterol, no trans fats, to preservatives, or artificial anythings.There is also no flavor.  Unless you like to eat cardboard, which I don't.  Plus, it's about the size of my pinky, so you're not getting much.If I'm going to waste 200 calories on some kind of health bar, I'm going to make sure it tastes good.  Cherry or blueberry didn't matter, it still tasted bad, and the other benefits for me, weren't worth the calories.
I received this as part of the Amazon Vine and only got one bar to try. So I cannot say if the flavor is consistent between bars and I cannot judge if all are supposed to taste like this.As advertised, this is an Organic & Raw product. So if you have never had raw cashews, cherries or dates, you may not get the flavor you expect, especially with the cashews. Most people are used to them salted and roasted. In this bar, the dates and walnuts were the dominate flavor, not the cherries or the cashews. It tasted more like a raisin walnut bar, than a cherry cashew bar.The bar is a little small compared to most snack bars, about an inch and a half by three inches and the package is a little deceptive in that is larger than the bar by over an inch.Overall, I can't give it a high rating since the Cherry and Cashew flavor is dominated by the Date and Walnut. And as I said, I only have one bar to try, so I don't know if others are better, but for the price I would expect the flavor listed to be correct and the bars to be a bit bigger.
The Pure bar advertises itself as nothing but pure, raw, fruits and nuts, which is true, though a tiny bit misleading, as there's a healthy dose of added sugar in the form of agave syrup, which is boiled down from raw agave. Agave does sound exotic, and suggestive of all sorts of healing properties, but truth be told it's not terribly different from corn syrup at the nutritional level- it consists of anywhere from 56% to 92% fructose, with the remainder being glucose, and trace amounts of flavor compounds.The bulk of the bar is dried dates, nuts, and cherries, ground up and formed into something that looks rather like the inside of a Fig Newton bar. As for taste... well, it tastes rather like the inside of a Fig Newton bar. GIven that these cost, on a per ounce basis, about five times what Fig Newtons cost, I'd expect something a bit tastier. If you're looking for a healthy snack, you can buy your own dried fruits and nuts for half the cost of these, and I'll bet they'll taste a heck of a lot better, too.
I like the premise of these bars (raw, organic) enough to consider trying another flavor sometime, but cherry was not a hit at my house. The main ingredient is dates, and the bar is very dark, with almost a molasses-type flavor. The cherries are tangy, which is good, but the agave sweetener makes the whole thing too sweet.  There are 17 grams of sugar despite the fact that the bar is tiny.  Dried fruit (which this basically seems to be) has a LOT of sugar already.  You'd really be better off eating fresh fruit.Along those lines, the nutrition from this bar is very poor; don't be tricked into thinking it's "healthy." While it does contain 12% of your daily fiber, there's also 12% of your daily fat (and did I mention these bars are tiny?!).  Then, drum roll please, it contains very little of anything else. Vitamin A (0%); vitamin C (6%). Nothing is higher than 6%.Bottom line, this is probably better for you than a bag of Cheetos, but not by all that much, and you may have a hard time selling it to your kids.
The taste of this bar is OK but not that great. I guess it is just a matter of preference. I have tasted other organic fruit and nut bars and they had a lot more flavor. The ingredients are good for you but with not nuch flavor.
I am not big on energy bars or health bars. This does not taste that great. It is a good health choice but I like the fig nut-tons better. I overall think if you like organic or want a healthy snack this is fine. Since its all natural kids might like it.
Well now, here we have yet another healthy bar to snack on, but unfortunately this bar has very little taste and what taste it does have is nothing I would want to eat. I'm all for healthy eating, but we live only once and I prefer to eat something that taste good. It has the consistency of a fruit roll up without being very sweet. The bar has an slightly sour taste and the nuts are soft(yuck!). There are numerous better tasting bars on the market that are healthy so as a food source this would only be eaten if all other food  disappeared off the planet!
I opened this package to find a dense, nearly black bar with nut bits in it.  As I held it up in my hand, I thought, "Did I already eat this?"Needless to say, a bar that reminds me of a square of bear poop didn't really strike my fancy from the get go, but I was thinking maybe it would taste good even if it didn't look that great.  But nope, it was bland and sour.I didn't like it.  For 170 calories (if memory serves) I'll just grab a granola bar.  Maybe its not perfectly organic or whatever, but I'll actually want to eat it, and when it comes to FOOD that seems to be a pretty important quality.
Aw. I really wanted to like this raw fruit & nut bar because a raw food bar is such a great concept. But the bar tasted mainly like old nuts and vitamins. There aren't added vitamins in the ingredients, but that's still what I tasted. The fruits (dates and cherries) make the bar medium-sweet. But I certainly wouldn't guess that this was a cherry-flavored bar. I think this might be a better bar with a different combination of FRESH nuts (maybe minus walnuts, plus macadamias to add to the almonds and cashews in it) and with better quality fruit. I would have preferred a stronger cherry taste, but I really only got a faint figgy taste from it. I imagine I'll be steering clear of this brand in the future.
These bars are a bit small for the price and I found them to be way too chewey for my pleasure. I shared this bar with my boyfriend - both of us eat different types of food bars during the day - and neither of us would buy this again. The flavor was lacking and the texture was too dense.
As my reviews for Cliff and Kashi products show, I like natural/organic food products.  So I was excited to try the new Pure Bar Organic Wild Blueberry, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar.  This is the kind of thing that I eat for a snack on a regular basis, and I'm always looking for new things to mix into my rotation.  Unfortunately, this product will not be one of the ones that I add.I'm not going to address the nutrition aspects because at a basic level you have to like a product first.  I had a couple of issues with the blueberry bar that I tried.  First, the nuts in the bar are soggy and as such not as crisp as I prefer.  I like the crunch that the almonds in Kashi's TLC Honey Almond Flax bars have much better than what the Pure bar had.  Second, the overall texture seemed very gritty and muddy (I don't like pinto beans for similar reasons).  I thought the blueberry flavor was OK, but it was not enough to overcome the other issues that I mentioned.So, there's still a chance that you might like these wild blueberry bars.  However, if your tastes are like mine, you're going to want to pass.  If you have a specific question that I did not address, please feel free to post it as a comment, and I will try to answer in a timely manner.
On the package it states what other types of food items are processed in the same facility. If I was vegan, it would worry me that this raw fruit and nut bar was made in a place where they process fish.The taste was nothing to write home about, it tasted like a badly artifically flavored blueberry muffin and the texture was not very enjoyable. I guess if I was starving I might be able to eat the whole bar, but I was able to eat less than half of it and kept trying to give the rest to my son.I think the product page needs to be updated to reflect what other food items are processed in the facility, I misplaced the package, but if I remember correctly they included: milk, soy, peanuts, and fish. I think buyers should be able to know what else is processed there, so they can make an informed decision before buying this product
I like my wholegrain organic bars as much as the next guy, but this bar, and the other one did not impress me. Organic is bandied about,but it does not always mean tastes good. I prefer fiber one bars, nutrigrain bars, and even planter's peanut bars over this. Low on flavor, low on texture, and at the end of the day do we really need another bar? I hope they find traction, but I was underwhelmed.
Looks like I was not the only one who got a bar with rancid nuts. I took two bites and could not finish it. The only thing that saved it from one star was that I could actually taste the sour cherries. It's a dense, moist bar with soggy nuts. Not sure if I would give this another chance.
I have to preface this by saying I'm not a nut person. Unfortunately, I didn't realize this was going to have so many nuts in it. I just saw that it was blueberry and didn't realize it would taste more like nuts than blueberries. It's very similar to Clif Nectar bars in taste and consistency. I did like that it's all raw and has all organic ingredients. I also thought that the sweetness-level was perfect. Not too sweet and not too bland. If you like nut-heavy raw food bars, I think you'll really like this. If, like me, you prefer something less nutty, skip this one.
I'm a raw food person, and when I tried this bar, it tasted pretty yucky - kind of cardboard-y!  Not much flavor, and the texture of big soggy walnuts.  It's not very big either, but has 190 calories in each bar!  It looks like it has a lot of nutritious stuff in it, but if I'm going to take in 190 calories as a snack, I want something yummy and filling!  If you don't mind making your own bars, the best I've had are from a recipe in Matthew Kenney's Everyday Raw.
This bar has so much going for it. I loved how soft it was and the texture was great. I just personally did not care for the taste at all.  Even with all the healthy goodness I couldn't force myself to finish the bar.
I hate to give poor reviews but I have to say, I would not buy these. The blueberry bar was dry, dense and not very flavorful. The texture was grainy. It was NOT moist. I like granola bars, fig newtons, all of that stuff. I also like flavor.  I didn't care for it and would not recommend it, to be blunt. Not much else to say. The wrapper was pretty, it was well sealed in a foil-type packaging, but the first bite was disappointing and not to my taste at all.
The ingredients are impressive and all...but the bottom line is... they taste badly..  Too bad!!
I love Kettle Chips and order them from Amazon and buy them in local stores.  I was excited to try this flavor, because I really like Sriracha, too, and it sounded like a great combo.  Well, something was lost in the execution - it tastes hot (not too hot), has a hint of sweetness, but no flavor.  It doesn't taste like Sriracha or potato chips.  These are just kind of blah and lifeless, with a slightly bitter aftertaste.  I don't recommend these.
The red bag and the bold &#34;SRIRACHA&#34; label made my mind run wild with fantasies of a spicy, tangy, and garlicky chip with the crunch and density of Kettle Brand chips.  Unfortunately, if you actually want something spicy, you should just skip right over these.They taste nothing like Sriracha sauce; the flavor reminds me of BBQ flavored chips but lighter.  You can feel the heat after eating several chips, but it's still really mild, especially for people who are used to adding Sriracha to everything.I don't recommend these for Sriracha lovers, but if you enjoy BBQ flavored chips and want something with a slight kick, then you might enjoy these.
This is a really nice dessert tea. It is reminds me of Celestial Seasonings' "Vanilla Hazelnut", but with a much stronger nut bouquet and flavor. It also has a very strong caramel type smell.Since I wanted a more authentic chai flavor, this particular tea does not "pass muster". My first thought upon smelling this was "does this have chicory in it?" It could also have the roasted carob found in the vanilla hazelnut tea mentioned above, but chicory is more likely. It should not be advertised as chai.Currently I brew two different chais together (Tazo and India Tea's Cardemom Chai) together. After that I  put the seeds of two cardamom pods, one star anise, a chunk of ginger and a little freshly ground pepper before adding milk and honey. I was hoping I could just one tea bag upon receipt of this order. I'll keep this, but my search for the perfect Chai in one bag is still on!This tea also seems very sweet. I don't know if they added Stevia or something similar, but I didn't need to add as much sweetener as I add to my other Chai concoction.
I love peach tea (and anything peach flavored), but this has has a cinnamon flavor that is too strong. I wanted so badly to give it 5 stars, but I wouldn't be honest if I did. I don't like the cinnamon flavor. To me, peach and cinnamon don't belong together. Peach is summer and cinnamon is winter. This tea might be better in the winter as hot tea, but then again, not, because peach is too summery. Cinnamon would go better with apple flavor. As soon as I finish this box, I will not buy it again.The cinnamon is way too strong.  It made me sick at my stomach, and the aftertaste is horrible.
I was rather intrigued by this, as it promised "water, not sugar". That's good, since there's far too many flavored beverages out there that are pretty much glorified sugar water. I also liked that it would have a taste (aka "hint") of flavor, but that it wouldn't be the main focus of the beverage. This just didn't deliver like I wanted it to.There is barely a hint of watermelon in the water, at least to my palate. I'm willing to say that this is probably due to personal taste, but I really had to focus on the water to pick up the watermelon here. (So if you're planning on having this with a meal, forget it. I had this by itself and had trouble picking out the flavors.) What I did taste just didn't remind me all that much of watermelon, at least not good watermelon. It reminds me of the type of melon that you get that ended up sitting on the supermarket shelf for a little too long.This just wasn't for me. I don't require a strong flavor out of my waters and I wasn't really expecting it to be strong. I was expecting to taste watermelon and I just didn't get this here. I might try the other flavors, but this just wasn't all that great.
I'm sorry to say that I just wasn't that impressed with this infused water. For the price I could have bought 2 cases of bottled water and a watermelon and made my own and got at least 3 times as much. I hate to quibble about price because the vendor can charge whatever they want so I didn't take away any stars for cost. I'm only mentioning it because it's pertinent. I gave this 2 stars purely because you can hardly taste the watermelon and I've made my own infused water before and it generally has more flavor and also because I really like the bottles this stuff comes in - they have a much wider neck than most bottled water comes in so it'll be easy to place chunks of fruit in them and even ice cubes and so long as your fruit isn't in huge pieces you should be able to get it back out fairly easily. I'm happy to have 12, 16 ounce bottles that I can use for my own concoctions, so not a total loss.For those that like this product, more power to you but it just wasn't for me.
I like the idea. Upon opening the tuna can, however, I realized that this was not the &#34;Cento&#34; tuna I buy in 3 oz cans, this was darker, completely shredded (as opposed to light-colored chunks of solid tuna meat). It reminds me of the wet food I feed my cats. Not a good sign. It's just not very good tuna compared to the &#34;Cento&#34; brand. After two bites I went to the pantry and got a can of &#34;Cento&#34; tuna. The difference is plain, and strongly in favor of the &#34;Cento&#34; tuna.The crackers (all six of them) come in a little plastic-foil pouch, which is cute, but they're not very good crackers, kind of a lower-shelf Ritz cracker knockoff. Six crackers for 3 oz of tuna is not enough. The little plastic spatula that comes with the tuna and the crackers is adorable, but useless. The lemon and pepper flavor does not improve the situation.I don't see where to link a product, but search for &#34;Cento solid pack light tuna in pure olive oil&#34;. Buy some crackers that you like. This product is a good idea, but the quality is not there, to put it bluntly. This is no where near as delicious as the &#34;Cento&#34; brand I buy from Amazon by the case. I liked the idea and the looks of this product but it's just not very good, unfortunately.
The 2* rating on this item is because of the packaging!  (I buy the 'Bumble Bee Lemon & Pepper Tuna' at my grocery store. The can has a relatively soft lid that I can easily pull off. The tuna is spicy and tasty.)The plastic package the crackers and tuna are in is fine and easy to open.  The crackers are in a package to keep them fresh, and the tuna is in a can.  However, don't plan on getting the top off the tuna can without a large effort.  It has a metal poptop and I finally had to use pliers to get it off the can!  There are 6 small crackers which use up less than half the tuna.  A small flat plastic piece was included to eat with, but the tuna kept falling off.  I finally dumped it into a dish and got a spoon to handle it.I had assumed that it would be great for school or hiking and such, but I was disappointed.  No child could possibly get the can opened, and I wouldn't want to fight with it, either.  It might do for emergency rations, but you'd have to be prepared for the difficult opening.The can contains 120 calories: total fat 4.5g,(sat 1g, trans 0g, polyunsat 2.5g, monounsat 1g), sodium 280mg, potassium 200mg, total carb 1g, sugars 1g, protein 18g, cholest 35mg.
So the seasoning mix is good, but the portion is very small.  The plastic sliver that is intended to be a spoon is about as thick as your fingernail, and completely inadequate.  Over all the taste is good, but the tuna is dry.
I LOVE Bumblebee tuna products, usually.  But I was not a fan of this product.  I think if they made a few changes, it could be a lot better.  Honestly, the tuna &#34;medley&#34; tasted like tuna mixed with nothing but tomato sauce.  It was bland, it definitely needed more spices, at the very least, salt.  I didn't even want to finish it, it was that bad.The crackers that it comes with however, are good.  I think if they helped the medley out a little more, gave it some more flavor, it would be a lot better.  However, the way it is now, I wouldn't ever purchase this product again.
I am always on the lookout for good, healthy snacks because I get hungry, especially before lunch.  So, I decided to try this product.I really didn't like the taste of the tuna, it just seemed too sour.  Maybe if you LOVE tomato taste, it would be better.  It just wasn't appealing to me.  Plus, there didn't seem to be enough crackers for the amount of tuna you get.  You'd have to pile it on every cracker to have enough.
I love tuna, and I generally love sundried tomatoes, so I thought this would be a win-win product for me, but I found the flavor rather underwhelming. I might try some of the other flavors to see if they're an improvement, since I like the idea of this with the crackers for a quick, no-cook/no-mess snack.The can and crackers came in plastic packaging, but it was easy to open by cutting the taped edge (no knife needed this time). First impression on opening the can of tuna was it looked more like high-end cat food and not tuna, but the tomato gave it a reddish hue. The sun-dried tomato is there, but I really didn't get any notes from the basil. The crackers were OK, tasted like a Ritz cracker to me.
On the plus side, it tasted kind of good.On the minus side, the fish looked brown and shredded, like they were just trying to find a use for the undesirable parts of the fish.The other thing that bothered me is the amount of packaging. That's a lot of metal and plastic, for such a small snack. Stuff like this contributes disproportionately to the landfill.So, even though I thought it was kind of yummy, I will probably not buy this again.
Technically, I know that was Tuna.  I could taste the underlying fishiness under the seasoning that was supposed to be tomato and basil.  It did not taste like tomato and basil.  All in all, this tasted like rather bland and slimy almost-tuna.  The crackers were fine, although they needed salt.I did almost finish all of it.  It wasn't so horrible that I couldn't.  I did leave a couple of unappetizing lumps behind because they just didn't look like something that should be in my mouth.I give it two stars because it's edible, though not tasty, the crackers are basic, and I'm not so put off that I wouldn't try another flavor.  But I would not, could not, eat this again.
I've always liked tuna fish and I expected this Tuna Medley of Lemon and Pepper to be tasty.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  The only good thing about it was the crackers and was conveniently ready-to-eat.  The tiny spatula that came with it was virtually useless.  I had to switch over to a regular fork in order to get this product out of the can.  Bottom line...I've had better tuna fish from a different brand than this.
while the tuna has a great texture, the flavor is really bad. It tastes a lot like the can. and My crackers, they were completely crushed.  lucky i had saltines to try this product on but it is not my thing. Too canny a taste that made me stop eating it.
I think the product design was better than the product.  These fell short, in my opinion, because the surface area was simply to much for cornmeal to hold up the taste.I think corn chip products are better when the density is greater.  Other than that, the product is pretty good because it's not as oily and salty as Fritos.  The ingredients are better than those in competitor products.
&#34;I wouldn't buy them because I don't like them&#34; was my second opinion on the Snikiddy Mac n' Cheese Puffs. Neither would I. When I opened the bag a weird, somewhat rancid smell came wafting up from the bag. I was expecting a &#34;real&#34; cheesy smell, but probably because the cheddar cheese is fourth on the list of ingredients, that could be the reason why. I'm not saying that other people might not love these, but no, we probably won't be buying them.FEATURES:&#9658; All Natural Potato and Corn Snacks with Natural Cheeses and Natural Spices&#9658; All natural, non-gmo, gluten and wheat free ingredients&#9658; No artificial colors, preservatives, flavors or ingredients&#9658; Made in the USAINGREDIENTS:Cornmeal, Rice Flour, Sunflower and/or Safflower Oil, Cheddar Cheese (Cultured Pasteurized Milk, Salt, Enzymes), Whey, Salt, Dry Buttermilk, Natural Flavor.ALLERGEN INFORMATION: Contains milk. Good manufacturing practices used to segregate ingredients in the facility that also processes soy, wheat, peanuts and tree nuts.
I was excited to try these. Who doesn't love mac and cheese? And all natural makes it even better, right?Meh.It's not that these are awful. They are just not really very good. The texture is a little foamy. This takes away a little of the crunching satisfaction. The flavor is odd. It does taste vaguely cheesy but not like mac and cheese. And there is a bitter almost chemically after taste.There are so many lovely crunchy snacky things to choose from I just don't see the benefit of these. My family clearly agrees. I left the open bag on the counter with four teenagers in the house and the bag was still half full two days later.
We tried over three days to consume the entire bag of Snikiddy All Natural Baked Corn Puffs, Mac n' Cheese.  Made of the usual ingredients in puffed corn type snacks, these are labeled as gluten free.  On the reverse of the bag, however, is a little notice that they try to not be contaminated by wheat, so if you are a celiac disease suffer, I would be aware of that information.  The shape of each morsel is a little different than others because there's a hole in the center.  Imagine a penne pasta on steroids, you know, puffed up so the hole is tiny.  The cells of the corn are more airy and we described the texture similar to panko crumbs.  This was determined as we examined the large amount of crumbs remaining at the bottom of the bag once each puff was consumed.  None of the four people who ate this bag of chips liked them, we just ate them to give it a fair shot.  The flavor wasn't appealing to 3 out of 4 and the texture was determined to be too airy and gummy with mastication.  All in all, we agreed that it was nice to have a bag to try, but we won't be purchasing this product.  BTW, it won't leave your fingers or mouth orange in color, but you may end up with some whitish crumbs on your chest.  These aren't terrible, just not appreciated in this household.
These looked fun.  They look like a traditional corn puff, but they are Mac N' Cheese colored and hollow!  At first, they were "ok" (not great, but ok).If I saw these again at a party, I would probably eat a few more, but I would not buy them at a store and eat them again that way.  I don't know if it was an after taste, or a "during" taste that wasn't great, but after eating about 1/3 of a small 4 oz bag of these, I really wanted a real yellow traditional name brand corn puff (you know the brand).  So, when I needed some other items that same evening, I purchased the real yellow name brand corn puff ones and ohhhh, ahhh, those are REALLY GOOD compared to these Mac N' Cheese ones.If you are worried about the nutritional value or lack there of, of these, they are slightly better for you, or not as bad for you as the yellow name branded corn puff ones.  120 calories for Mac N' Cheese puffs compared to 150 calories per serving for corn puffs; a bit less fat in the Mac product.  But the taste test goes to yellow corn puffs for sure, hands down!
I love Cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack.  Pretty sad, huh?  And who doesn't love Macaroni and Cheese?When I tried Snikiddy All Natural Baked Corn Puffs, I went through three distinct stages:1) Although the flavor was relatively mild, I thought they were tasty enough.  They won't blow you away, by any means, but I wasn't shy about indulging.2) Like soft Cheetos (I prefer Crunchy), these eventually coated your mouth with a rather unpleasant mush.3) A very strange aftertaste lingered in my mouth and not in a good way.  I literally wanted to eat something else to cover up the taste!I'm probably being generous at 2 stars as I would never try these again.  But I didn't hate them until after I'd finished eating them!  KGHarris, 1/14.
Taste is subjective, but I just didn&#8217;t like this cheese puff snack. It&#8217;s great that the product has no MSG or GMO (genetically modified organisms) and although produced in a factory that processes soy, wheat, peanuts and tree nuts, pains are taken to segregate those ingredients during production. I don&#8217;t know if that is sufficient reassurance for people sensitive to those items.The snack reminds me of Trader Joe&#8217;s bags of baked cheese puffs except those are a bit more cheese flavored. Both products have a texture that I suspect is the equivalent of chewing-on Styrofoam packing peanuts.The product is healthier than regular Cheetos cheese puffs so I made an effort to ignore the weird squeaky feel against my teeth and somewhat bland flavor, but was only partially successful. This experience crystallized my suspicion that it is better to snack on a small amount of whatever is truly desired instead of substituting other highly processed, but slightly healthier, more expensive products that fail to satisfy because they don&#8217;t taste good.
I chose this item based upon the ingredients and the overall quality of the recipe. I've had somewhat similar food but not quite like this. I found the taste to be so mild as to be bland and flavorless. After the first delicate crunch, this product wadded up into a gummy paste in my mouth. That is my take away experience from eating these corn puffs.Aside from the texture which I found very unpleasant, I found there was very little cheese flavor at all. Even if I got over my aversion to the mouth feel, I would not buy these for flavor.I really wanted to like this product as I think there is a good faith effort here to make a snack food with higher quality ingredients. I also have celiac friends and like to provide them gluten free snacks. Unfortunately, this is a miss for me. I can't recommend it.
I love coconut and pineapple, but I was not wild about the ONE Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple. It wasn't BAD ... it had a mildly coconutty (though not sweet) flavor, but it just wasn't anything special. It was rather bland, and I had a hard time finishing it as it started to warm up. Since I'm not a competitive athlete and don't have any great need to replenish my electrolytes, I'd rather just drink water.
Everyone should drink more water, or so we are told. The problem is that water is plain and boring. It needs some flavor, and many companies have responded to this demand. O.N.E. Coconut water with splash of pink guava is one such product. It contains coconut water along with guava juice for a unique taste.I like the taste of coconut but I am only so- so on the flavor of guava. Still, I decided this drink was worth a try because as long as it emphasized the coconut, it would be fine. Unfortunately, this isn't the case. O.N.E Coconut Water with a splash of guava is misleading in its naming, because you taste more guava than anything. Even then, the taste is rather unexciting. Even lovers of the flavor of guava will likely find this product a letdown.Nutritionally, O.N.E. Coconut water is very good, with low calories and a large dose of vitamin C and electrolytes in each serving, and more potassium than a banana. The sugar content is a little higher than some would prefer, but it isn't too bad and, unlike other sweet drinks, you get a good deal of nutritional trade- off for the sugar. Each time I take a sip and feel dissatisfied, I keep reminding myself of the nutritional benefits.Along with the bland flavor profile, there is one other problem I have with this drink, and that is the packaging. It is sold in a small foil box, which is ordinarily not a problem, but there is no included straw. There is an opening at the top that must be pushed- in to open, but the manufacturer doesn't include a straw. Thus, you have to use a fork or some other device to forge an opening. Then, you must carve out just the right shape for drinking from the box OR have another glass handy in which to pour the liquid.I wanted to like this beverage but when all factors are considered, I must rate O.N.E. Coconut Water with a splash of guava as a below average product. The coconut flavor is masked by the guava, the taste is unexciting, and the packaging is flawed. Yes, you get a good deal of nutrition so the product isn't a complete bomb, but there are other, better tasting products on the market with equally good nutrition, better taste, and more sensible packaging.
This product is billed as an all natural anti-oxident and electrolyte replacing beverage.  Sort of like all-natural Gatorade with anti-oxidents.Like a sports beverage, it too is also kinda bland.  I love some of the Gatorade flavors, some not so much.  This drink falls into the not so much category for me.It is sorta sweet, sorta pineapple-y, and also sorta bland.  My wife commented that it has a slippery feel in her mouth, like the glass had soap in it still.  I didn't think it was that bad but the drink really didn't appeal to me.In the end, yes, this drink is probably much better for you than a glass of apple juice and definitely better than some sugar infused punch.  But as a sports drink, I think I'll stick with plain old gatorade; it's cheaper and contains fewer calories per serving.If going the all natural route with your juices/drinks is of the utmost importance this may be something to consider and bump this review to 3 stars.
I received a single 8.5 once container of ONE Coconut water with a splash of Pineapple as part of the Amazon Vine program for review.It would have been nice if it had come with a straw, especially considering the price of the product. Now as to the "Splash of Pineapple", well it must not have been a very big splash, because I never did taste any pineapple. So what did I taste? It is hard to describe. It doesn't taste like coconut or cane sugar or any "Natural Fruit flavor".To be honest, it tastes like water,...sort of. Like water with an odd, undefinable extra flavor. It's not a bad flavor or a good flavor, it's just Meh! flavor. I don't care how "healthy" this drink is supposed to be, for it's price, it should have a better flavor, or just have a flavor.And as a "thirst quencher", it doesn't equal up to Gatorade or even a Lemonade. I feel a glass of tap water would do just as good as job to quench your thirst.
Just to give this drink a good chance, I stuck it in the fridge for a couple of days, shook it really well, and tried it straight, without ice.  The color was okay, the consistency was okay, not much of a smell.Then I tasted it, and the first thing that came to mind was, it's salty.  I had my wife try it as well, and she had the same feeling.  I looked at the product info, and it states that it has 5% of the USRDA for sodium, which is too much for a drink, in my opinion, especially a "Coconut Water".  Something like Gatorade, which is for electrolyte replenishment, I can forgive, but not for this.I then thought more about the taste, besides the saltiness, and what I really had to conclude was that the the mix of flavors didn't do anything for me.  No real sweetness from the coconut, no sourness from the guava.Overall, Not crazy about it.Now, I do have something positive to say about the container, it held up well, and it's relatively easy to open, although I'd add a ring to the aluminum foil-like pull tab.  But at least the container's mostly paper and potentially better for the environment?
According to the package, this is 100% natural coconut water. It doesn't taste bad at all, but nor does it taste sensational or amazingly fresh. Maybe it simply loses something when it's not drunk directly and immediately from the coconut shell? I probably would not try it again.
Coconut water with a hint of pineapple, shipped to the US from Indonesia, packaged in (usually) non-recyclable, disposable containers, and catering to the... sports drink market ("good source of electrolytes")?I took a  8.5 ounce container and poured 6 servings, for 4 teenagers and 2 adults.  First impression?  The teens (serious athletes) were not told what the drink was, but I did mention that it was being marketed as a potential sports drink.The result?  No negative votes, but no one would choose it over existing drinks.  Everyone recognized the pineapple flavor instantly.  "It leaves a strange feeling in my mouth," one teen said.  This was probably the coconut water; it had a residual flavor and feel.There was no straw included with the package, so the opening and pouring needed the assistance of a fork or knife.  It's mostly (cane) sugar water, so why bother?But the biggest issue is the waste.  Coconut sugar water from Indonesia?  What's the carbon footprint of this product?  And the container has 2 "recycle" symbols on it, but, like milk cartons, it is difficult to find a community that will actually keep them out of the landfill.Bottom line?  It's not that tasty, being little more than sugar water, and the transport and packaging waste really don't fit into a culture (for me) focusing on sustainability.
I guess it always helps to actually read the label fully before drinking.  I was expecting this to taste like coconut, but instead got an unrefreshing taste.  I only gave it three gulps before realizing this is not for you.  But for those that can get past the taste, it is like drinking water but getting more potassium than a banana.  And for you environmentalist, the package is recyclable.
The flavor just wasn't hitting with this product.  I'm sure it's at least healthy though.  Maybe this will float some's boats out there, but not mine.
"O.N.E. Amazon Acai" drink beverage isn't just cursed with a crap name: imagine a vaguely berry-flavored prune juice cocktail, replete with a texture of watered-down cough syrup.If that's your cup of tea, then bon app&eacute;tit, as O.N.E. Amazon Acai is most definitely an acquired taste... one I'll be taking a pass on in the future.It is relatively healthy for you, hence the two stars.
There are many health benefits to this drink.  I cannot attest to anything longstanding as we were offered one 11 ounce container to sample.  Based on the taste, this household would be looking for another flavor.My husband thought it was 'okay' and gave it a 2.5.  He ended up drinking the bulk of the drink.I tasted the drink and could barely get past the first sip. Both taste and texture did not appeal to me.  The taste left me at a 1.  Despite the drink's healthy qualities, I will be seeking something more palatable even if it's less healthy.Rebecca Kyle, May 2008
I'm not picky about coffee. I'll drink just about any dreck that's been sitting in a pot, mug or carafe for a day or two. Just heat it up and serve me. Normally, I use a one-cup instant bag with boiling water and I get a fairly decent cup of coffee from Folgers using theirs or any store knock-off.Those taste like gourmet compared, and are certainly much better than the "coffee" I made this morning from Puroast's French Roast 3-ounce bag.Many reviewers here have stated it tastes like gas, ashes, fuel and I agree. Add to those descriptions a hint of motor oil, old basement and a sprinkle of dog dander.I opened the container and was greeted with an ashy, somewhat mildew-like odor. Oh well, keep going, I say. I boiled water and let a bag steep in the pot for a while as I don't like drip. I feel you get a much better full flavor from steeping. It took a while for the dark color to appear, but soon it looked very coffee-like and I put some in a mug. I smelled it first, noticing that it lacked a standard coffee scent. Then I tasted it with exactly the result I was expecting, a decidedly un-coffee flavor. Stale, with a hint of dried leaves? That's the best I can come up with. So, I added sweetener (stevia) and my usual cream (vanilla soy milk). It still tasted nothing like real coffee to me.I didn't give the mug a chance to comfort my stomach, poured it out and made a regular cup of joe that I could drink. Seriously, this is simply not a good product in my estimation. The only reason I gave it two stars is because I guess in a dire emergency this drink could possibly give you enough caffeine to limp, crawl or otherwise slither out to a store to buy actual coffee or at least be served something warm by the Red Cross.
I thought an acid-reduction was a great idea, yet  the taste just isn't there. Tasted & smelled bitter, flat & slightly weak.Doesn't taste like any French roast I've ever had. Needs more work in the taste area.Comes in a single-use foil pouch for coffee maker or French press.The science may be there & it didn't bother my stomach, but it didn't taste the best either.I'd rather get a great coffee & take an antacid with it to get the great taste. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but like a nice cup of great coffee every once in a while.Might be OK for every-day coffee drinkers that buy regular, bulk coffee brands, but not for me.
My husband gets heartburn frequently so I thought that we would. try this coffe for him.  The smell when you first opened it was not the wonderful smell of coffee that you normally get from opening coffee.  The smell of the brewed coffee was not very pleasant and since smell affects the taste the taste was not as good as regular coffee.  It did help my husband with the heartburn but you must give up smell and flavor for it.
I like the idea of a low-acid, but not decaf coffee, because I love coffee, but have been absolutely flattened before by acid-induced stomach pain (and GAWD forbid I give up my cup of coffee in the morning!).  But I'm not a fan of the Puroast Low Acid Coffee, French Roast.  It leaves a funny taste in my mouth that I can't quite identify, and I tried this coffee black, with sugar, with sugar and skim milk.  That unidentifiable funny taste was still there.  As I've never tried a "low-acid" coffee before trying this product, I don't know whether to pin it on Puroast as a brand, as something they do with their beans, or if the strange taste is a trade-off in low-acid coffee.  In the days since trying this coffee, I've had other brands/kinds of coffee and have not had that weird taste, so I don't think it's me.  Your experience could be different, but I'm not a fan of this one.
I'm not sure most American coffee drinkers would go for this. I tried it several times at varying strengths, and even using half what I normally use, it tasted way too strong and burnt. It has very little complexity--whatever is there is drowned in the harsh burnt taste that reminds me of mud for some reason. I don't have an issue with regular coffee though I did once have trouble with acid reflux; I didn't notice much difference in acidity levels and the sheer overwhelming strength of the coffee gave me a stomachache that normal coffee doesn't.I understand that some foreign drinkers might like this and suspect that's the market the manufacturer is going for. I gave two stars because some people might actually really like that strong taste in their coffee. I don't think it's bad coffee, just really really strong. It makes me wonder what their normal roasts and blends might taste like.
I wanted to like this..maybe its because I can drink regular coffeewithout the nasty side effects of acid problems, that this did nottaste so good to me.  I love dark roast coffees but this one reallywas not what I had hoped for.  It was odd tasting to me, more bitterthan other dark french roasts are.  I usually drink my coffee black,but even the addition of 1/2-n-1/2 didn't help save the rest of thepot from being poured down the sink.  I gave it two stars as I alsoknow that taste is like art...subjective.
I don't know if its because I used too much of it, or its the coffee, or its just my taste, but this was way to strong for me. As far as the acid free part, that seemed to be true. It didn't flip out my stomach with too much acid like some coffee's do. I just didn't like the flavor of it. When I first opened the bag of coffee I didn't like the smell of it either. It just didn't have that nice coffee smell. Not sure what it smelled like, but it wasn't coffee and it was a really dark black fine grind that didn't look much like coffee either. I assumed that the package was supposed to be for a single pot of coffee and used the whole thing in my Bun Coffee brewer. It could have been too strong because my Bun Coffee brewer has a smaller pot than my old Mr Coffee does. But it doesn't seem to make that much difference with my usual Folgers coffee. While it was brewing it didn't smell much like coffee either. I tried a couple cups and it was so strong that after I dumped the grounds out of the basket I ran a couple cups of water through it to dilute the pot of coffee a little bit. Didn't help any, it still tasted way too strong for me. If I had some more of it I might try using half the prepackaged amount but I don't think it would change the taste of it all that much. Would I buy some of this coffee anyway because its acid free? No. Wouldn't matter how cheap it was either. Would I recommend this coffee to somebody? Not if they were one of my friends! Who would like this coffee? Maybe somebody that's used to having the very strong espresso coffee or the super strong coffee I've heard they drink in the middle east. But I don't think anybody that I know would like this particular coffee.
I got this as a gift for my girlfriend's mother who had mentioned getting heart burn from coffee - even though she loves coffee.  I thought this might make a reasonable fix to the situation.  After trying though she seemed to be a little less worried with the heart burn and little more concerned with the taste.  She didn't have heartburn, but she also didn't drink very much either - due to taste.  She thought it tasted a little stale and bland.  Maybe it was just a bad batch, but seems the process to limit the acid also limits the flavor.  Too bad, I had hoped this was going to be a big winner.
...but that is about all.  It appears a lot of taste was sacrificed to achieve the low acid.  I think the reason it is French Roast was to try and add some flavor.  I would rather do without coffee than to drink this.  Not recommended.
I think it is going to take an amazing coffee to get me away from my Folger's classic roast and the occasional Eight O'Clock vanilla.  However, I understand that this coffee is meant for those who probably do not enjoy the aforementioned brands so keep that in mind when making your own coffee choices in life.
Let me begin with a disclaimer; I can't even drink some popular kinds of coffee, like Starbucks. I'm afraid that the Puroast fits into a similar category. I do prefer low-acid coffee, but I was hoping for less bitterness as well. No amount of milk or sweetener was able to render it palatable for my tender taste buds. I would suggest that, if you like strong, bitter coffee, it may be worth a try - but y'all can have my share.
It smelled good, I thought this could be good as I brewed my first pot of this Coffee. I wanted it to be good, but after the first few sips I got bitter after taste. The idea of it is good, French Roast is usually sweet and tasty. This has this bitter undertone, not sure if that has something to do with the removeal of acidic properties. Also it's pretty expensive for it not to taste like a fine brewed coffee. Overall I don't think I could pay for this, even though I like the idea of a less acidic Coffee. Maybe if they could lose the bitter taste, but after two pots of it that taste is prominent. So a no go for me.
I have tried this coffee hot and iced,with milk and black and I tested the pH.  Frankly it won't qualify as a great cup of coffee.  The flavor is burnt (like Starbucks dark roast) but is flat and it lacks middle notes and vanillins (unlike Starbucks.)  Perhaps flavors other than French Roast would be better at providing complexity as that frequently comes from Colombian roast in a blend. The aroma is underwhelming.The pH of the Puroast coffee tested at 6.5, slightly acidic (neutral is 7 on a scale of 0-14.0) but less so than normal coffee.  Normal coffee ranges from around 5.0 - 5.1, more neutral than beer or any fruit juice and similar to carbonated water. If you can drink those, then your stomach isn't reacting to the acidity but something else. So normal coffee, whether it irritates you or not, isn't all that acidic.  Acidity generally refers to a flavor note in coffee rather than pH and coffee without acid flavor notes tastes flat.  Irritation may instead come from the essential oils in the beans or the caffeine.(Having too much stomach acid has exactly the same symptoms as too little stomach acid and most people over 35 are slightly deficient in hydrochloric acid and 50% of people over 50 are seriously hypochlorhydric, but we are taught to regard the symptoms as being from acidity. Your Tums work by other mechanisms, beyond the scope of this review.)So while Puroast is attempting to solve an acid/base problem that doesn't significantly exist, the fact that the flavor is low probably means that the essential oils in the beans are lowered as well, making the coffee less irritating.  Frankly I'd rather add about 20% chicory to good coffee, which slightly sweetens the taste and is less irritating.Frontier Natural - Chicory - Roasted, 1 lbsIs it worth giving up flavor to drink coffee?  Your call, but I wouldn't bother with the Puroast French Roast.
When I opened this package and sniffed (like I do all coffee), I just prepared myself for the worst in terms of taste. It smelled bitter and almost sour and sure enough that's exactly how it tasted as well. I am used to strong coffee but this is was just a travesty. In order to not waste it, I added some cappuccino and milk to it and managed to get it down but even through that, the sourness was still evident to some extent.
I brewed a pot of this but found it too strong. Stronger than Starbucks even. Even with extra milk it still had that too strong taste. No acidic aftertaste, but I don't think many will enjoy its taste.
Smooth coffee with rich, flavorful aroma, along with "low acid" are some of the things I like about this coffee. But the actual taste and the after-taste aren't my cuppa Joe.
If you really have to reduce your acid and still want coffee I suppose you'll try anything but for me this coffee has low flavor no matter how strong you brew it.It reminds me of budget hotel room coffee. Just not for me.
I'm such a coffee snob that I source from specific farmers in Ethiopia. I say this so that people will understand I don't drink grocery store coffee.This Puroast low acid stuff? Flavorless. No body. No "coffee-ness" to it. It tasted like vaguely coffee-flavored water. It's caffeinated, so it's got that going for it. I'd rather take 50 Tums and drink good coffee though.
I could tell as the pot of coffee brewed that this was not going to be my type of coffee.  The smell was not that of a good strong smelling, fair trade bean that I am use to.  It is hard to describe but the smell was slightly better than my tennis shoe.  Despite the smell, I still gave it a fair chance.  As I sipped on the first cup, I kept saying to myself, "this will get better."  I thought I just needed to get use to it.  While I was able to finish two cups, I cannot say that I enjoyed them.  I cannot describe the taste other than to say that it was an original coffee taste.  It's something I have never tasted before in a coffee.  And the aftertaste was super long lasting.  In fact I brushed my teeth twice and was still tasting the coffee an hour later.  As far as being easy on my stomach, it was no different than other coffee.  I still had to use the toilet after I finished my second cup.  I would not pay money for this product.
Puroast Low Acid Coffee Low Acid Coffee French Roast is not a coffee that I will try again. It was very, very bitter.  Some may like the bitter French Roast, but I do not. I found it to be unpalatable.  I sweetened the coffee and added cream to try to tone down the bitterness, but that did not work. I was left with an undrinkable cup of coffee.  Sorry, Puroast, I cannot recommend this product!
I am a coffee lover, the stronger the better. I had high hopes for this product and it did not live up to them. I also have a lot of stomach issues, so that is why the great anticipation.The reason I love coffee is the flavor. I was not impressed with the flavor of this product. In fact, one drink was all it took. I quickly made a pot of starbucks and was sated. For those who are true coffee lovers this won't work.
I have tried other low acid coffees such as Ola's and really enjoyed the taste.  Not the case with Puroast.First, the smell upon opening the bag of Puroast dark French roast was underwhelming to say the least.  It was nothing that I could attach an adjective like "rich" or "inviting" to but rather made me think "what an odd aroma for coffee."  Not a good start.The quantity in the bag seemed small in the filter so I brewed with 10 cups of water and not 12.  I think it was a good choice because I could still see too much light through the brewed coffee for my taste.  And speaking of taste, I found this coffee to have an ash like character.  Not rich, smoky or full bodied like I anticipate a French roast to be.  The aftertaste is unpleasant and really lingers.  Overall, not a good coffee experience.Because taste is subjective, I will mention what coffee I find tasty so you can get an idea of what the other end of the spectrum from Puroast is for me.  Peet's Major Dickason's and Ola's Organic Uganda Bugisu are two of my favorites.
I like my coffee good and strong. I'll pay more for the good stuff. I got a sample of this for my husband.  We both tried it. The flavor is not so great, in my opinion.  My husband said it was ok.  He didn't mention that he felt better after drinking this coffee compared with other coffee.  I'm giving it a couple of stars for the possibility that it would help people that find coffee too acidic. I don' think we will try this again.
I love a good cup of coffee in the morning.  I also have an occasional upset stomach in the morning that does not go well with my aforementioned desire for a morning brew.  Thus I thought this might be a great match.  So I tried the Puroast Low Acid Coffee French Roast one morning (on a morning without any tummy issues so I wouldn't skew the result) and sat down for what I hoped would be a new coffee find.  It wasn't.Unlike most dark roasts that have a rich aroma and flavor, this had a flat bitter taste that was more like coffee that had been left in the pot too long.  It wasn't horrible ... I've actually had much worse ... but it wasn't very good and combined with the price point should give even those with terrible acid reflux second thoughts.I really wanted to like this product but, while not terrible, it is just a very mediocre cup of coffee.  Given the choice, I'll just deal with the acid until something more palatable comes along.
My sister in law was up for a visit this weekend, so I thought it's be a perfect time to test out this coffee.  Neither of us were impressed.  It didn't have a great flavor and she thought the texture was a bit oily.  As far as low-acid goes, it did seem like it would be good in that department, but the taste made it so it wasn't worth drinking.
I couldn't get past the acidic taste of this coffee. I know French roasts are strong, but this one was overpowering.
Although I think it's good that they came out with low acid coffee for some people that have issues with too much acid in their diet, I really didn't care for this particular coffee.  I drink my coffee black and I'm used to tasting the pure flavor of coffee and I felt that this coffee had a strong burned flavor. Not my cup of tea, or should I say coffee.
This is the worst tasting cups of coffee I've had in quite some time. I've had generic instant decaff coffee that tastes better. I don't know if it's their roasting technique, the quality of the beans themselves or the de acicification process, but it leaves you with a very bland tasting cup o'Joe. I was hoping I'd finally found a way to have caffeine again but I guess I'l have to stick with the decaff.
I really wanted to like this coffee but it was bland and did not remind me of any French Roast I've ever had. It was smooth.  We put in our solofil K cups and think the grind was too fine for the machine.
This Puroast Low Acid Coffee 'French Roast' was just ok - the flavor was too dark and bitter, and I actually prefer a good store brand coffee (Wegman's French roast is quite nice).  I had to add a bunch of half n half and some sugar in order to drink the cup, and gave up after a bit and poured the rest out...I just didn't like the flavor, it was too strange and bitter.  I love espresso, I try various coffees and lattes and coffee flavored drinks all the time, and this was one that was just not for me: it may be something you may like, and if you need a low acid coffee you may want to give it a try, but I would not recommend this product.
I do actually get heartburn from coffee, so I was excited to try this "low acid" french roast coffee.I have noticed that it does seem less acidic, I am on my third cup with no heartburn so far... though I would not chose to drink this as my standard coffee.  I normally brew dunkin donuts brand coffees at home and really enjoy their flavor.  There are a few other brands that I will buy when they are available in this town, though that is rarely.I did not care for the flavor of this coffee.  It was very wooden tasting and almost had an old burnt coffee flavor to it.  I guess if you HAD to drink coffee and were really worried about the acid then this would work... but I'd rather stick with good tasting coffee and follow it up with a tums.  I would not purchase this product on my own.
While this coffee is lower acid than a normal French roast, the flavor isn't quite as deep and rich as you'd expect from a French roast. French roast is typically my favorite type of roast. The aroma is nice after brewing, but smelling this coffee right out of the pack it smells plastic-like. Also, I found that this coffee had a quite strong bitter taste.Though, I did notice that this coffee did seem to be easier on my stomach. I'm sure this might work well for someone who loves coffee, but, has a sensitive stomach.Overall, a basic French roast nothing too spectacular. Might be good for someone who wants a low acid coffee who is willing to sacrifice the typical French roast depth of flavor. Though in my opinion this coffee is way overpriced as the flavor is lacking and it still manages to be bitter.
I had hoped that this would still have a rich flavor without an acidic burn, but it just tasted bland, old, and stale.  I actually couldn't drink an entire cup and threw out the rest of the package I got as a vine member. I typically prefer a rich, strong flavor but often bold coffees have too much acid. This had no richness or flavor.
At first I was disappointed by the size of my three ounce sample of the Puroast Low Acid Coffee. Would I be able to form an opinion with such a small amount?  Yes, Yes, Yes, definitely yes.Upon opening the envelope I was overwhelmed by the aroma and checked the envelope again to make sure I hadn't opened a package of loose tobacco. The brewed coffee didn't smell any better as the kitchen was filled with a smell like a dirty ashtray. The taste is not better. I dutifully drank three cups so I could give it a fair assessment, and the last cup tasted as bad as the first. I even added a spoonfull of chocolate powder to the last cup to make it palatable. That only helped marginally.I'm a long time, daily coffee drinker, and this may be the worst tasting coffee I've ever had. It may be low acid and make one's tummy feel better, but it's a big price to pay for the comfort. Now I'm disappointed that I still have a little of this stuff left. Definitely don't recommend this flavor.Why didn't I give this foul tasting brew one star? I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt because evaluating taste is a subjective thing, and after all there is that low acid factor to consider.
For those who love coffee but have bad heartburn issues, low acid coffee like the Puroast dark French roast may be a decent choice.  Pretty much anyone else can easily skip it, however, as the taste and smell are both frankly supbar.Clearly other reviewers have enjoyed this coffee, so individual taste reactions may vary, but I'm baffled at why this is advertised as being less bitter than standard coffee. It has a very strong and unpleasant chemical taste that is significantly more bitter than nearly any other coffee I've had in recent memory.This may not be an issue for everyone, but it's worth noting that the Puroast low acid variety doesn't create that wonderful brewed coffee aroma at all. You have to put your nose directly next to the cup to smell it at all, and then the result is an off-putting chemical scent to match the flavor. Having my kitchen fill up with that distinctive scent to let everyone know the coffee is ready is a major part of the coffee drinking experience, and this brand doesn't offer that.It seems like Puroast may be an acquired taste, but after four cups and trying the coffee both black and with different creamer options, I certainly didn't acquire it and can't recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a serious heartburn problem.
I am a "breakfast blend" coffee drinker, so maybe this was just too strong for me, but I tried a cup black & another cup with cream and sugar, and this coffee tasted terrible both times.I did like the low acid aspect, but I think they should try flavored versions.
I had been eying the Popchips brand for some time but I they seemed too expensive and I passed. So, when I got the opportunity to review them, I was so excited to try them out. Unfortunately they did not live up to any expectations that I had from the good things I heard about them. The bags are hard to open but once you finally open them, of course the bag is less than half full. In my case that was a good thing. The texture is strange and light but I could get used to that. The chili lime "flavor" is terrible! Mostly what I taste is lime and salt. I like lime, but not that much. The so called "chili" flavor is almost non-existent and not enjoyable. It doesn't add anything in my opinion. Despite my experience these chips have good reviews. That tells me that I just need to try other flavors. This one needs improvement.
I like all kinds of snack foods and potato chips. The regular kind, kettle cooked, and the "modified" potato snacks such as Munchos (my favorite) Pringles, Lay's Baked, etc.But not these. They have almost a styrofoam consistency...so they aren't really crisp and snappy, just hard. Like stale styrofoam. Now, I could learn to live with the texture, but the flavor is odd, too. . Almost like an unnatural type of flavor. My husband doesn't even usually notice or comment on flavors in snack foods(just sorta eats,) but he said "I don't like these, they taste funny. Don't buy these again." My 12 year old kids wouldn't even eat them. Maybe the ones with flavoring (like BBQ) cover it up, but not with the plain.
I was really hoping to get a really great nutritious & delicious snack for my family when I ordered this product.  I was really disappointed.The packaging is really good looking and I had high hopes, so when I opened the package to my chips, I expected something great.  I ordered the Chili Lime flavor and, since, I have had higher-fat chili lime chips in the past, I'd knew that I would love them.First, they don't really look like what they appear to be on the packaging (no big deal though).I took a bite out of the first chip and it had a really funny texture and strange flavor.  So, I looked on the back where it showed the ingredients and I was pretty surprised--it had a LOT of chemicals in the product.  Also, AND THIS REALLY FREAKED ME OUT, the main ingredient is not a sliced potato, but, "potato ingredients (potato flakes, potato starch)".  In other words, it's made of instant mashed potatoes!I thought the taste was funny and the ingredients curious.  However, there are no transfats or saturated fats in the chips (that's why I gave it 2-stars).All in all, I would rather pack my kids lunches with a bag of Lay's or Kettle chips than give them these chips.All The Best.
After reading several reviews from people apparently on diets I now understand the high star rating because if you can't have the real thing something like this passes for good. These are bland, have a weird texture and aren't very good. I will be sending these to work with my husband so he can give them away. I ate a few from my first and only bag before throwing them in the pantry. They are low in calories and low in taste. Pass.
To let you know where I'm coming from, I think that Dunkin' Donuts sells the best coffee on the planet. I've tried making my own coffee at home and utterly failed at coming anywhere near their coffee. I've settled on Maxwell House coffee singles as the most tolerable form of coffee when I can't get to DD.Obviously, the raison d'etre for this particular product is convenience. The most reasonable scenario I can think of is to have these "stick" packs in your desk at work. Since each stick is designed for 6 ounces of hot water, and since no one I know uses anything smaller than a 12-ounce cup, one box of 7 sticks won't even get you through a work week. The packs are not designed to open cleanly, either, so the convenience factor of tearing into 2 sticks instead of keeping a jar and spoon in your desk drawer seems mighty small.As for the coffee itself, straight out of the pack it has a mixed coffee + wood smell. Made according to directions (with hot, but not boiling, water), the coffee smell disappears entirely and you're left with what smells like wet wood. The taste is bitter, even with an ample amount of sugar, with a definite burnt character. Although I used the recommended ratio of water to coffee, the taste was also weak and hollow in nature, but I can't imagine wanting it to be stronger. Adding my favorite coffee flavoring didn't help much.I found that letting the coffee sit for a while mellowed the taste, but of course by then it was nearly room temperature. If it could have tasted as mellow while it was still hot, I would have rated it much higher. Of course, some coffees taste like battery acid after sitting a little while, so if you find yourself not able to down your coffee all at once, like during a busy day at work, this may be a plus for you.All things considered, I doubt I'll ever want another box of these coffee "sticks".
But it doesn't.  It doesn't taste much like "wild berry" either.  Tastes more like medicine than anything else.  Anyway, who cares?  The carbs are in there!
I used this product (as instructed) an hour or so before my workout. Since I have only tried it once, all of my conclusions are drawn from a single experience. There are several problems:1)The taste was poor. It has a hint of a mediciny(?) taste (a bit like cherry cough syrup). There was a noticable after taste.2) I did not notice any perceptible difference in performance during a standard 4 mile run over an oft used route. My time was a bit slower (20 secs or so) than usual.3) I felt pretty good for the first couple of miles but got hungry and light headed in the second half of the run. This was unusual (I run almost every day about the same time - late afternoon).I would not choose this product over regular Gatorade (which is my preferred sports drink).
Some products, for a fair review, need a bigger sample size.  The Amazon Vine program is parsimonious in this regard, making one unit available for many consumer items.  A book one can reread and reflect upon, but not for one-shot consumer items.  In this case, it's hard to judge the effectiveness of this carbo energy drink from one 12 ounce sample.  It had no noticeable effect on performance but at least it tasted fine (though a bit thick).  I do note that 12 ounces provides 320 calories from the 43 grams of sugars.  With little else to go on, I'm sticking to one of the enhanced waters that have fewer calories but with vitamin benefits.
To start off do not be fooled into thinking this is your normal Gatorade; it is not.  This is not meant to be a thirst quencher for after or during a sports activity.  The Carb energy drink, as the label states, is meant to be consumed 1 - 2 hours prior to activity.  This is suppose to increase your energy store before an activity allowing you to go longer.I was able to try a single 12oz. bottle, so my review is based on one application.  The first noticeable thing about this drink is the taste.  To me it tastes like salty cough syrup.  I had to pause after my first swallow and try to figure out what was wrong.  The liquid is thick and just did not go down well.  I love the Gatorade flavor, but I don't think I could tolerate this on a daily basis.Did I get more energy from this drink?  Definitely not.  Did I feel less depleted after excercising?  No.  After going on my treadmill for 30 mins. I felt the same as I always do after a workout, tired.  I was hoping that after my 30 min workout I would feel like I could go some more, that was not the case.I also was not thrilled with the extra 320 calories I consumed.  If you are excercising, like me, to lose weight and you are not in some type of performance league this may not be the drink for you.  Typically in a 30 min workout I expend around 300 calories.  If I just consumed 320 calories prior to theworkout I have a net gain of 20 calories after my workout!  To top it off I have also added over 300 mg of sodium to my system.  I am use to taking energy supplements from Twin Labs and prefer the no calorie caffeine based supplements rather than this sugar based supplement.I guess if caffeine makes you jittery, this might be a good substitute for you, but if you are concerned about calories you might want to look eslewhere.
This is instant alright but really lacks rich coffee taste or aroma. I tried it out and was truly disappointed by this product. They need to work on making a richer, bolder taste in their future products.
Boring and bitter. These little packets are convenient to be sure, but the the brew is lacking in quality. Granted, most decaf doesn't taste very good, especially the instant varieties. So what to do for coffee drinkers that need convenience? The best instant decaf coffee I have found is the "Organic Instant Freeze-Dried Coffee - Decaf by Mount Hagen". Granted, it is not sold in little packets, but it is FAR superior in taste and quality.I would not choose this taster's choice product again.Is this review helpful? Let me know, please vote. :-)
Recently, the established food conglomerates like Folgers (P&G;) and Yuban (Kraft) have fired back against the gourmet brands encroaching on their grocery store territory.  I tend not to judge things like coffee to harshly as tastes are subjective.  I'm not a fan of "burnt" Starbucks coffees but I do think milder choices like the Breakfast, House and Yukon Blends are decent.  Dunkin Donuts has started aggressively marketing their coffee in grocery stores and it's nice for a change of flavor.  Assuming these alternatives were available, I would pick them over this, even if Yuban were cheaper.My main criteria for judging coffee is a combination of the initial taste and aftertaste.  I can enjoy coffee whether it's mild and smooth or dark and pungent.  The main problem with this coffee is its aftertaste.  It lingers forever, long after you've finished your last sip and it's not very pleasant.  Frankly, it gives me the impression it's little or no different than most of the cheaper standard coffees except for the obvious fact that it's in a gourmet bag and it costs more by weight.I chuckled slightly at prominently displayed claims of Fair Trade practices, both on the bag and on the product description.  When you read further it says "30%" of revenue so I suppose this means only 70% of our money exploits foreign workers and destroys rainforests.
My husband and I love coffee - basic coffee, speciality coffee , flavored coffee you name it we love coffee. We made a pot Sunday morning and both thought it was very mild and cheap tasting.  Maybe the different styles would be better - not a hit in our house.
Yuban labels this as a mild coffee, stating they also have two categories of stronger coffees that they sell.It is hard to judge a coffee for a review as it really as the taste of coffee is a matter of personal preference. Because of what I am going to say about this Yuban Breakfast Blend--I'll explain first that I do like a strong tasting coffee, if I have a choice. My favorite coffee is a French roast. I like my coffee strong and full-bodied with a robust flavor but not bitter. Starbucks French Roast is my favorite brand. I usually grind my own beans right before brewing.  I use half and half and one spoon of sugar in my coffee. I do like mild coffees, they are fine, just not my favorite if I have a choice.The coffee had a great aroma when I opened the bag.Imagine my surprise when I brewed the first batch of Yuban Breakfast Blend which is labeled as "mild". I found it tasted similar to so many mild coffees, like Folgers, but it was so BITTER! I had to double the sugar just to tolerate it. That was by following the directions on the package to use one Tablespoon of ground coffee per cup of coffee. The second batch I made with 10 Tablespoons for 12 cups of coffee--still bitter. I finally found a less bitter somewhat more palatable version when using 8 Tablespoons for 12 cups of coffee. I can't believe how this Yuban Breakfast Blend can be so bitter especially to a person who loves stronger French roast coffee--and I can say now that the Starbucks French Roast is not bitter--it is just full bodied and heavier.In summary I'd say this is the most bitter "mild" coffee I've ever tasted. It is too bad because I liked the fact that it has the Rainforest Alliance. It is a bit disappointing to learn that. If I want a mild coffee I'll be buying a different brand.
This Yuban Breakfast Blend Coffee was not very good. If you are looking for something plain and mild, which is so not my kind of coffee, This may be perfect for you. But This just wasn't for me. This coffee was lacking flavor. It was bitter and weak. It just wasn't what I expect in a coffee at "Breakfast". I can honselty say that I did not like this.
I like a bold, robust coffee (particularly the New Orleans Coffee with Chicory or French Roast). This blend, as another reviewer stated is a light coffee, not very distinctive for my personal palette.It was worth a try.....but no dice ChicagoYou'll find me at Cafe Du Monde
I like coffee. I grind my own beans and try as often as possible to purchase fairly traded beans. Yuban is an interesting brand as it is a Kraft brand, yet 30% of the coffee in this breakfast blend comes from "Rainforest Alliance Certified Coffee." I have not heard of this, but likely it is a good thing. Anyway, back to the coffee. This is rather bland for a premium blend. I used three heaping scoops to see if it could get a strong coffee flavor and I was not impressed. It tastes better than Folger's or Maxwell House, but there are far better buys out there in terms both environmental impact and taste.
I tried this snack and found them very distasteful.  The chocolate is bitter (it's dark chocolate, which I like sometimes) and the seeds don't seem to suit being chocolate covered.  The skins from the seeds got stuck in my mouth long after the snack had been chewed and there was a strong aftertaste I didn't enjoy.  I don't think I would ever buy this product on my own.  I really didn't like it.  Sorry South Beach.
This snack is wonderful! A semi-sweet dark chocolate covers a crunchy little soy nut. The snack comes in nifty 100 calorie packets, easy to slip into your pocket or purse. Great for dieters or anyone who enjoys a light snack that won't pack on the pounds.
Dark chocolates are not as tasty as milk chocolates, but could be healthy. Dark chocolate in combination with soy beans is an interesting snack; but health conscious consumers could derive some benefit. Soybeans are generally considered to be a source of complete protein that contains significant amounts of essential amino acids, omega-3 fatty acids, and significant amount of omega-6 fatty acids. There are some reports of cholesterol lowering ability of soy beans, and lowering of high blood pressure by dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is also a potent antioxidant. I didn't like the taste of this snack, but if you are health conscious and like chocolate, this could be a good alternative.
Okay, Mix 1 Protein and Antioxidant Drink may be nutritious, but tasty is one word I would never apply to it. After opening the bottle, I took a sip, and my reaction was a simple, heartfelt "yuck." I didn't like it in the least, and the rest of the bottle is still in the fridge where it will likely remain until I finally throw it out.But, hey, others disagree. You might like it.Brian W. Fairbanks
After consuming and subsequently reviewing the Mix 1 Mango drink, I expected the Berry variety might be slightly more pleasant, if for no other reason than "berry" flavor is a little more "mainstream." I was wrong. While I found the Mango drink to be tolerable, despite the chalkiness and reminiscence of baby food, I could not even finish the berry drink. It is too sweet, and even more chalky and disheartening than the Mango version. It is great that the drink strives to pack a powerfully healthy punch, but it should not come at the expense of flavor. Thumbs down.
This thick milky substance doesn't taste horrible, but it sure is strange drinking what tastes like a liquid Flintstones vitamin.Flintstones Children's plus Immunity Support with Extra+C, Chewable Tablets, 60-Count Bottles (Pack of 3)
Begin with the positive.  After a long day of work, and having only a couple of minutes to get ready for two hours of soccer practice, I chugged one of these.  I can honestly say that it did its job.  I wasn't hungry through the entire practice.Unfortunately, I really had to chug this.  It tastes like a yogurt smoothie that was left out in the sun a little too long.  It must be good for you if it tastes this bad!I definitely would not buy this again.
I tried one bottle of this product after a hard workout and did not find it to be anything special. It tastes like a berry yogurt drink except for a slightly bitter undertone and a metalicy aftertaste that lingers. Good that it is a natural product but it is high in sugar which leaves you tired down the road. Price is too high and another plastic bottle for the environment. I'll stick to Zone Bars and Metrex for my between meal and after workout suppliments. They are far more satisifying and better tasting and do not need refrigeration.
It's a protein and antioxidant drink in one. It delivers about a third of most of your daily vitamins and minerals with 15 grams of protein in one convenient drink. The problem is it tastes too bad for me to be able to finish the drink. I tried the mango and it tastes like an orange julius (milk and orange juice) which I always thought was disgusting.It also has 200 calories and 29 carbs so if you are watching your calories or your carbs, this drink is a little steep. I like the fact that it delivers 3 servings of your fruits and vegetables and has the antioxidants of 4 cups of green tea though. If you use it as a meal replacement instead of just drinking extra, the calories or carbs may not be bad for you.If you like orange juice and milk, you may like this but the taste overrides anything beneficial for me.
The nutrition is acceptable in this drink, but the sweet, thick chalkiness made it hard to choke down. I didn't hate it, but I'd hate to pay that kind of money and then feel obligated to drink them up! There are much better choices.
11 ounces packed with sugar... yes, this little bottle has 22g of sugar (the number 3 & 4 ingredients).  I don't think this should be advertised as a nutrition drink.  It's basically water, whey protein and sugar with a small amount of vitamins and minerals.It's quite thick, not like a juice.  I didn't particularly care for the flavor but it was ok.Most vitamins are one third the RDA and thus very weak.  Essentially there is too much sugar and too little nutrition packed in a 200 calorie bottle.It would be a lot healthier to just drink a bottle of water and swallow a decent multi-vitamin.
A poor job of trying to mask the medicinal taste.  Mango flavor is very difficult to discern.  Sour.
I get a big kick out of trying new things.  Especially new drinks that are supposed to be healthy for you.  Mix 1's Mango Protein and Antiodixent drink is one of those drinks that I put on my list to try so when it was offered for review I jumped on it.I should have stayed low to the ground on this one.  While the drink does not have a 'mango' smell per say, you can definately tell that the flavor is mango.  That is the good part.  The not so good part is the taste.  I was not expecting the after taste nor the chalky like feel of the actual drink.  That surprised me and in fact, I felt like I was drinking milk of magnesia or some other sort of liquid antacid.The vitamins stated to be in this drink are important ones.  Antioxidents are important and the Mix 1 Mango Protein and Antioxident drink clearly states them in the ingredients. Other vitamins make up a small but tidy vitamin enriched drink.For the size, you might be able to get over the taste.  The health factor of this drink could be important enough to drink it no matter how hard it is to drink.  But for me, I have to have a pleasant taste and this drink does not have it.  ***Natalie S. for Amazon Vine***
This drink was just too weird for me.  It is kind of a thick milky juice, which is just not really my thing.  It is drinkable, I just don't see myself doing very often.  If your some one who really needs a source of protein etc, you may like this product more.
It's thick and mildly chalky tasting with a sharp, astringent tang to it.  The mango is barely detectable.  However, I am not sure if one can expect better flavor from a product made with, among other things, olive oil and whey protein isolate.  While I cannot argue with it's health benefits (especially its protein content) it is just too awful tasting to drink regularly.
Different strokes...I use a lot of bought sauces, but I almost always spice them up with additional garlic, onion, sweet basil, oregano, peppers, etc. as they are not as flavorful as I like by themselves (except for Thai or Szechuan).  This one is very thick, but still needs IMHO lots of additional spices--if you like it robust. If you're like my friend Larry (we used to call him Mr. Bland--he liked Tastycake Vanilla CreamiesTastyKake Variety Packa lot vs. their chocolate cupcakes for example), you might just like this sauce as is--it has a fresh taste to it. However, I liked the similarly packagedRagu Fresh & Simple Smooth Pasta Sauce, Traditional Tomato Basil, 13.5-Ounce Pouches (Pack of 6)better than this one for the taste and ease of pouring.  As for the packaging, I can see some advantages under specific circumstances, but mostly the amount is too small and one still needs to cook the pasta (actually I use rice to avoid the gluten). If you are stir frying your ingredients (i.e. fresh onion, garlic, etc.) like I do, the microwave packaging here doesn't help at all. If you are cooking for one person, the amount may be sufficient for you. You can put the leftover package right into the fridge for the next day--use one of the plastic clips for potato chip packages to close the cut off edge--or just pour it into a plastic or glass container etc. Still, if you'd used a jar, you'd just put the lid back on...So, innovative idea, but not all that valuable IMHO
When they say "basil" in the name of the sauce, they're not kidding--that's about all you taste when you eat it.  And don't eat it without some salt on hand, because it's rather bland. This is not very good sauce, even for a microwavable pre-made--I recently got to try a different packet sauce (a Bertolli) that was better than this.If I were to ever buy this sauce, it would be to use it as a base; I would be adding my own spices, and probably meat, too.  And if I'm going to go through all that, I may as well make the sauce from scratch.
I chose to review this product because I like to cook; I like to cook Italian food; and I don't always have time to make the sauce homemade.I also chose to review this product because my teen-aged daughter (who wants to be a professional chef) helps with a lot of the cooking in our household.Two stars is being generous.  The only reason that this product did not receive one star, is because I reserve one star (with regard to pasta sauce, etc.) to Chef Boyardee, and similar poor excuses for food.The notion behind this product is that it is simple and fast and easy to prepare.  This much is true.  All one had to do was to snip off a corner and "nuke" for 90 seconds.BUT -- the PREMISE behind the product is badly flawed.  An ordinary jar of Ragu can ALSO be easily microwaved!  Or, just as easily heated (in a manner of minutes) in a saucepan.I don't see how this product represents an advantage.As an additional note, I found this product to be overly sweet (a typical flaw in poorly (or quickly) made sauce.  The spices which were supposed to be present . . . were barely discernable.I'll freely admit -- when there is no time to make the sauce homemade, I'll buy a jar of Ragu -- and add wine and spices.But this product?  I see no need (as heating up a jar is just as easy) and no great particular virtue in this sauce.
I liked the amount that's in this packet. However, the new microwavable bag is just not a hit for me. The sauce is uber bland w/o adding any meat, extra herbs, spices, & vegetables.  You can't really add any thing extra if you follow directions and nuke it in the microwave.  It's better just to pour the contents in a pot to add some some oomph to it.  And if that's case, just buying the regular bottle version is better.
With this product, all you need to do is to put the entire package in the microwave.  No pan, no mess, less cleaning.I tried the sauce with Spaghetti.  Ground turkey was added to the sauce after it was heated.I sampled the sauce by itself prior to placing on the spaghetti pasta.  It had a bitter taste to it that I really don't like in the sauces.  Another taste experience I had like this was with Prego sauce.Next, I added it to the Pasta and added the Parmesian Cheese and Red Chili Pepper (as I normally do).  It seemed to cover the bitter taste only slightly, but not enough.One tip I heard with some of these sauces is to add a small amount of sugar to take the bitterness out and ease the acidity of the tomato.I didn't do this with the sauce only because I wanted to review the sauce as is.Now, please understand that taste, like other things, are entirely subjective and we all have different palates.  This was my experience with the product.  I would've given it higher stars if it had been a bit thicker and not bitter.The other problem with this and most store bought sauces is that they tend to be a bit thin.  Unless they are "Chunky Style", they will be thin and you'll need to add vegetables or more herbs to thicken it up a bit.Overall, I would pass on this product.
When I first popped one of the sugar-frosted Sharkies gummies in my mouth, it was like a sugartastic sugargasm on my tongue.  After choking it down and fetching some water, I took my first glance at the USDA guidelines on the back.Yup, in just 12 pieces (one small pouch), Sharkies manages to cram in 26g of sugar, more than two and a half bowls ofCap'n Crunch(10g each).  By comparison, 12gummy bearshave 12g of sugar.  Not really the healthy alternative I was hoping for my 4-year-old (who, incidentally, described them as "tastes like sugar!" - though she meant it as a positive).So let's get to the heart of it: Sharkies is marketing these as "a healthy energy snack". This is from the actual label:Serving size: 12 piecesCalories: 140Fat: 0gCholesterol: 0mgCarbs: 35gSugar: 26gProtein: 0gPotassium: 0%Vitamin A: 0%Vitamin C: 100%Calcium: 0%Iron: 0%I would challenge you to put that against any candy your kids are currently eating and tell me it's better.  Not saying it's worse, but at least myPeanut M&M;'s(22g sugar) aren't masquerading as healthy - although they have more iron, calcium, and protein than Sharkies.Sharkies does get points for being certified organic, and more for not using artificial dyes.  Neither does enough to qualify these sugar-frosted sugar-bombs as healthy in my book, so it's back to Target brand fruit snacks (80 calories, 14g of sugar) for us.
I think that the idea of having portable packets of powdered power drinks (say that 10 times fast) is a good one. It saves space and you can just throw it in a backpack or suitcase on trips. However, these lemon flavored packets (properly diluted with water) just didn't taste very good to me at all. It was like drinking lemon flavored "Alkeselzer", and resulted in the same bad after-taste. I think the element of taste in a power drink is getting to be more and more important in these times. With that said, if you're looking for 'portable packets of powdered power drinks'... look elsewhere.
I'll give it an extra star because it tastes okay, but these packets aren't really my style.  I'm a PowerBar (and Powerade) fan, but not a fake sugar fan.  And, THAT is what it boils down to.  I just wish they could find a way to make these types of packets without Splenda or aspartame.  These don't do it for me.
My initial reaction to the taste of this product was, ewwwweearghhh. Feh. I'm sure it has all that you need in electrolytes and nutrients but ouch, the taste!  Very metallic foul taste with a hint of lemony goodness. 20 calories in the bottle and I can't drink this. Maybe others can. Enjoy.
The main problem is the taste, which is bad.  So, bad I found it impossible to finish the beverage.  I do not think Gatorade tastes bad to give you a comparison. Otherwise, I love to packets so that you don't have to by a bottle drink every day.
I was eager to try this product as my husband is a diabetic and drinks a LOT of store brand type Crystal Light products.  I had a picture in my mind how this would taste---sort of a tangy Gatorade type taste.Well, the first hurdle was mixing the drink.  The little tube packets the powder comes in lead you to think (or me to think anyway) that you would use one per glass, and I guess I picture a glass as about 10 oz. However, it says to use 16.9 oz of water.  Very strange amount!  I tried measuring accurately but kept thinking---why not say 17 oz or 16 oz?The taste was a surprise, and not that pleasant a one. I usually don't like artificial sweeteners as they taste too sweet to me. This wasn't too sweet---in fact, it didn't taste really sweet at all, or tangy, or tasty. It tasted like something you would drink for medicine almost---an odd "good for you" taste, like something they would give you to rehydrate you in an emergency or something.  I could barely finish the glass.My husband didn't care for this either.  He missed the sweetness,and wished there was more lemon flavor.We did find a use we liked, however.  One of my sons had a stomach flu and needed rehydrating, and we were out of Pedialite, so we made up this drink and he managed to get it down.  Perhaps it's good to have around for that sort of thing, but not as a treat!
Here on Amazon, this product has the following information provided. . .****************Product Features:* 100% grass fed beef & No added hormones or antibiotics No added hormones or antibiotics 80 calories per bag Great source of protein Perfect portable snack Energy to go* 85 calories per bag* Great source of protein* Perfect portable snack* Energy to goIngredients:Beef, Water, Sugar, Salt,smoke Flavoring, Garlic Powder, Onion Powder, Soybean Oil, Monosodium Glutamate, Polysorbate 80, Silicon Dioxide, Glycol Propylene, Flavoring and Sodium Nitrite. Contains Soy.****************With that said, the first thing that sticks out is the blaring MSG & Sodium Nitrate!!They go to say how the beef is "all natural" (no hormones or antibiotics) but then they throw MSG & nitrates on it and ruin the whole thing with two of the worst ingredients on the market.It is in a convenient package that keeps the portion size down to the current trend of snacks you can throw in your backpack for around 100 calories.The beef is "moist" giving a sense of eating a piece of fresh meat vs. dehydrated (no moisture) beef. Makes me suspicious of what those other ingredients are that I can't pronounce.I did like the flavor. More spicy than sweet, that it may be a too much "kick" for some people.Since the time of writing this review there is no cost information, but comparing other Mr.Z jerky this is going to run about $20 for twelve 1oz bags (or 61cents per oz). Looking at other beef jerky brands on Amazon, it appears prices run between 60cents to 90cents per oz.OVERALL:- 1 oz. of jerky just doesn't seem like much of a snack. Better to get some trail mix if you need an "energy" snack- Some VERY unfavorable ingredients added here- Good flavor for me, since I like spicy- If you need a beef jerky product, this is probably priced on the lower end of the spectrum for the amount of ounces you'll get.But for about $70 you could buy your own dehydrator and cookbook. You'll soon make up the cost of three or four orders of this product and be able to control the quality of ingredients that go into your own jerky.
This was not my favorite beef jerky. It advertises his flavor as 'Sweet and Spicy', but I did not taste anything but 'sweet'.  'Spicy' was no where to be tasted.  In fact, for me, this product was too sweet.  Also, though this might be personal preference, it was too tender and not dried out as much as I would have preferred.  As with the Pepper flavor, the package included a lot of broken pieces of beef jerky.  Long lean slices would have been much better.I don't recommend this.  If you want to try Mr.Z beef jerky, go with the Pepper flavor.  In my opinion, it was much tastier.
My wife and I gave this a try and found the initial flavor to be okay but then the heat came on strong!  The product was chewy in texture which is nice but hard to bit of a piece.  The bag when opened must be saved in another bag like a zip-lock to preserve it.So, my view is it is okay but not great.  I love good jerky but don't think this matches up to what I have had before.  Jerky is great for hiking or eating when you can't stop for a meal, so we like jerky but not this item.
As another reviewer has noted, there is no consistency in the quality of this product. Some pieces in my bag had a good texture and a decent (but not great) taste, while other pieces were so dried out and flavorless that they were inedible (unless you like chewing on leather).This product is packaged under Brazilian Government Inspection, rather than in the United States, which may explain the lack of quality control. Whatever the reason, since I threw away over half of the bag, I definitely do not recommend this product.If you like beef jerky, buy a different brand. Even the "good" pieces in this bag did not come close to being "sweet and hot" as advertised.
Compared to better jerky out there, this is rather dry and bland. It is mostly chopped small pieces/crumbs--not anything chunky or like a strip that you can bite your teeth into.  The taste is overwhelmingly pepper.  It's like you just licked a packet of ground pepper.  I would have expected some beef flavor and/or some smoky flavor.  With that said, I love beef jerky, and it's not so bad I'd throw it away either.  The huge (mostly empty) packaging and premium price don't match it's low-end quality.
I found Mr. Z Peppered Jerky to be below-average in two regards:  first, its texture was dry.  I know, I know - it's jerky. But when I say dry, I mean it was practically brittle. For this reason, the bag was in fact filled with more tiny broken bits than actual bite-sized pieces of jerky.  This also made chewing the jerky to be too much of an endurance exercise for my jaws.Second, it was lacking in taste.  It had an initial charge of strong peppered flavor, but it quickly faded long before I'd managed to reconstitute the dry clump in my mouth.Basically, the Mr. Z brand failed both criteria that I look for in jerky.  I'll stick with other brands instead.
Maybe it's me, but I could not see much in the ingredients that made me think this was "premium" beef jerky any better than other brands. In fact, monosodium glutamamte (MSG) was there.Most of all, this didn't taste better than Jack's Links or Oberto (which is my favorite and has the least sodium as far as I can tell). It was very spicy -- and I like spicy when it adds zip but does not overpower. My family tried some, and despite being jerky lovers all, they were not impressed.Doesn't really seem to live up to it's designer approach.
My first piece was tender and took less effort to chew than jerky I've had in the past.  However, there didn't seem to be much flavor.  Then the "hot" hit!  It snuck up on me.  I ate a few more pieces to give it a try but the flavor is just not there and it's too hot for me.  Had to eat some banana cream pudding to get rid of the heat and after taste.  It's not a jerky I'll be buying.
Whats the point of having "100% grass fed beef & No added hormones or antibiotics", if you're going to screw with the meat until it's artificial tasting anyway?I'm not a big jerky-eater, and I found "Mr.Z's" dried out meat to be passable. I didn't mind the pepper, but my husband did. Also it tasted sweet in a weird way. Mostly I don't like all that junk that they put in it. I do like meat, and I like chewy dried meat, so I'm going to try making my own jerky, as several other reviewers do.2.5
For my tastes, this jerky was WAY too seasoned with pepper.  However, it is "Peppered" flavor, so if that is what you want, that is what you'll get.  The beef is from Brazil, and seems to have a slightly different flavor than the typical US beef, and for me that is not a good thing.  Overall the quality of the packaging and product is fine, but I would spend my "jerky" dollars elsewhere.
Perhaps the fact I have tried many types of Jerky and enjoy eating it did not help this brand. This, though edible, seemed almost synthetic. I know it is not, but that was the impression I was left with. The taste was peppered flavor as you ate it but left an aftertaste that was not expected; perhaps it was the MSG. I love Jerky and will not be getting this again though if hungry it will do in a pinch.
I love spicy things, so I was eager to try this Peppered Flavor Beef Jerky.  What a disappointment!  I wasn't able to enjoy the taste because they were just too spicy.  It was overwhelming.  The 1 ounce bags are extra small; they would be the perfect size for a lunch sack... if I could eat them!
Do you love freshly ground pepper? No, I mean REALLY love it. Does the server at the steakhouse end up with carpal tunnel from you never asking her to stop as she grinds a thick blanket of black pepper on your steak salad and iced tea? Were you that odd kid in grade school that used to bring black pepper to class and snort it at recess to induce sneezing fits to weird out the girls? THEN THIS JERKY IS FOR YOU! Jeezy Creezy, this stuff has a lot of pepper on it!I opened the bag and inside there were TINY shreds of jerky and a million chunks of black pepper in the one ounce bag. The photo makes it look like there are giant spicy planks behind that see-through window, but it is more like peppered beef sawdust.I appreciate the fact that this is grass fed, hence the 2 stars instead of one, but it is pricey for what you get -- you are paying over $26.00 for one pound of this stuff. If it tasted better, that cost could be justified.5 minutes later my mouth still burned, and not in that fun spanky way like when I happily eat spicy Thai food. Based on how everyone else loved it I suspect that maybe I got a bad bag, but the bag I received gets 2 stars.
If your friends bring it along on a camping trip don't go out of your way to avoid it, but don't spend any money on this. I know they claim that the beef is grass fed, but I wonder if they just sprayed the grass and made it into jerky! The taste was practically flavorless so it was no surprise to see that the pepper dominated and overpowered the meat. Spicy, bitter tasting, and just no good. This would not be my first choice and I hope Mr.Z does not use this flavor as their flagship jerky.
This is not even close to the best jerky I have had but it is edible and I did like the peppery flavor but the weird sweetened aftertaste was disappointing. Maybe it has something to do with the meat being a product of Brazil vs. America but it seemed the beefy flavor was tepid at best.  The bag contained bite sized pieces so it was easy to eat but the texture was on the tough side for me.  My husband tried it and he didn't like the "tough leathery" texture either.  So if you want chewy, peppery, edible jerky then this is passable but there are much better products on the market.
I am not sure what kind of market research was done to decide this variety of Nerds candy would be a good idea.  These chewy Nerds are basically a thin layer of the traditional Nerds candy coating over a tasteless blob of chewy soft stuff.  It lacks that powerful, flavorful punch that you get with traditional Nerds candy and the consistency and taste are just not that appealing.  It is nothing like the soft SweeTarts and Spree candies that have a consistent, sugary/sour flavor throughout.Someone should go back to the drawing board on this unappealing concoction.
Since I have no interest in eating Nerds, I gave these to my 17 year old daughter who adores regular Nerds. In fact, she actually jokes that she is a cannibal as she is a nerd that eats Nerds. The original Nerds actually were one of her favorite candies when she was allowed to have candy. And they still are!Her response to these candies was less than enthusiastic. While retaining the original Nerd outside, the jelly bean center was, in her words, just sort of there. She has no intention of ever buying these and would only eat them if they were given to her.In summation, much like with television shows, candy spin-offs don't always work.
I recently had the opportunity to try three flavors of Izzy: Apple, Blackberry, and Grapefruit.APPLE: There's nothing wrong with this drink ... if it weren't labeled "Apple."  The drink smells of apple, but tastes more like lemon-lime (and not surprisingly, lemon is one of the three juices used for flavoring).  I expect something labeled "apple" to at least remind me of apple when I drink it.  This does not.BLACKBERRY: This flavor is much closer than Apple in flavor approximation.  However, it was also the weakest of the flavors that I tried--that is, it had the least power, and when room temperature, the blackberry hardly came through at all.  Not that I routinely crack a warm beverage!  But even just sitting on the table, waiting for me to finish it, it warms up and loses flavor. Quite tasty when cold, though.GRAPEFRUIT: Oddly, I think this is my favorite of the three.  It tastes like sweet grapefruit--think "grapefruit Jolly Rancher"--and it is the strongest of the three flavors in terms of power.  If I were to buy any Izze on a regular basis,  of these three, this would be the flavor.
If the can wasn't labeled "pomegranate," I wouldn't have known what flavor it was.  This drink is very fizzy and tastes tangy and vaguely citrusy like Sprite or the old Fresca, but I definitely didn't taste pomegranate.  The ingredients list a blend of six fruit juices, and it's pretty much a muddle, in my opinion.There is no added sugar and each 8 ounce can has 80 calories.  This drink might be a good substitute for an alcoholic drink served in a pretty glass, or as a base for punch, but I wouldn't choose it as a thirst-quencher or when I want a true juice flavor.
I was so excited to try this "healthy" fruit beverage and couldn't believe it when I looked at the nutritional information about it--SUGAR!  EEEEK!  While this is probably better for you than a sugary soda would be, it's definitely not the epitome of healthiness for your beverage choices out there.  Why include any sugar at all in it when we have such health ailments as obesity, diabetes, and the like all linked directly with sugar consumption.  It's a nice try, but remove the sugar and it's probably gonna be okay.
I've enjoyed Izze drinks in the past and for the past year and a half have been drinking pomegranate juice whenever I get the chance.  When I learned about Izze's FORTIFIED ALL NATURAL SPARKLING POMEGRANATE JUICE, I was rather excited at the prospect of tasting some. I was rather disappointed.  To begin with, even though this product is labeled as pomegranate juice, it's a misnomer because this is not real pomegranate juice.  Instead it's a hybrid containing juices from concentrates of apples, white grapes, pineapples, lemons, cranberries, pomegranates, and a few other added vitamins.  The other vitamins don't bother me so much, but when a product is labeled and marketed as pomegranate juice, that's what a person should expect to get, not a mixture of a bunch of juices only one of which is pomegranate.  Besides the false labeling, the drink is quite bitter and hard to drink.  Drinking the beverage straight from the cans doesn't quite cut it (it tastes a bit metallic) and I've had to pour the stuff in a glass with ice.  Perhaps the absorption of the ice takes away part of the bitterness, but I've found the drink tastes much better this way.  But, overall, you'd best just avoid buying the stuff altogether.
I tested this product and inititally wasn't impressed at all. So, I had several friends taste it and see what they thought. Maybe it just wasn't for my taste buds.At the end of the day about 90% of the people that tried it didn't much care for it, for a variety of reasons.Some didn't like the taste and prefered regular green tea.Some experienced a 'crash' effect after drinking itSome had doubts about all the health claims surrounding itI think those were the main three complaints with this drink. As I said before I was not impressed in the least. Maybe for someone out there this is the right product for him, but there seems to be so many other (better) options out there.This one just wasn't for me.
Celsius drinks claim to be "negative-caloric", which is to say that you actually burn calories by drinking it.  Hmmm. . . Sound too good to be true?  Well, of course it is.  It's low-calorie because it's made with Sucralose (Splenda to the average consumer) and it promotes weight loss because its a combination stimulant (taurine) and diuretic - so basically, it works on your body like any over-the-counter diet pill.  That said, the Raspberry Acai flavor does taste pretty good, but it will be up to the individual to decide whether or not any potential benefit justifies the downside.Unlike many other reviewers, I actually liked the taste - I thought that it was a smooth blend of green tea and berry flavor.  However, there is just enough of that artificial tang at the end to tip you off that it's sweetened with Splenda.  But the absence of any fizz or overly harsh flavors made it easy to drink - which is good because it comes in full-size cans and leaves you feeling pretty full (i.e. just shy of bloated) afterward.So is it any energy drink or a diet aid?  It's a little of both.  Most of the crucial ingredients are lumped together into a single line item (i.e. their secret, proprietary mix), but taurine is listed and the caffeine content is obvious.  I found that while Celsius could beat back an afternoon energy swoon, it didn't really make me any more alert or focused - just instantly awake, albeit in semi-zombie form.  This effect came on quickly and did last for a couple of hours at least.Now for the bad news - the "crash" effect that a lot of these drinks try to pin on their competitors was overwhelming with Celsius.  As a little bit of background, I'm a grown adult in good health and am very caffeine-tolerant.  However, during my testing of this product, I made the mistake of drinking two cans about three hours apart and ended up unable avoid my first all-nighter since college.  I was completely awake and pretty functional throughout, although I wouldn't have operated any heavy machinery at the time.  But by the morning, I was suffering headaches, muscle twitches and even a flutter in my chest.  I'm completely sure that this was all temporary side effects of the outrageous amount of stimulants and not permanently harmful, but it was still enough to make me wary from that point on.So, the bottom line is this - if you're looking to occasionally avoid getting sleepy mid-afternoon at the office, or if you need to stay up late once in a while, Celsius may be an option for you to try.  As a prolonged weight-loss regimen, I wouldn't take on the potential health risks in order to grab at some too-good-to-be-true advertising come-on.  There's still only one way to lost weight and keep it off, and it ain't fun and it ain't quick, but it works:  eat better, eat less and exercise more!
The can reads as a gigantic billboard of overzealous claims.  The ingredients are conspicuously lacking sugar and high fructose corn syrup (a good thing.)  The idea behind the product - a fairly natural drink packed with various herbs and such is pretty good...except for the overdose of caffeine is apparently the selling point of this product.The flavor is unbearable.  When it first hits your tongue, it tastes pretty much like a Sobe drink:  not great, but pleasantly mild in the "sweet" department.  Once the first gulp is swallowed...you don't want to take another swig.  It basically tastes like some kind of massively fortified energy/vitamin powder you'd buy at some vitamin shop that advertised a "pleasant fruity taste," but upon actually using human senses, it's quite repulsive.  This is a bit better than the vitamin powder, but I can't imagine anyone enjoying the taste.Also, the reason it burns so many calories is likely because it's going to leave your heart thumping uncontrollably due to the incredible dose of caffeine.  Also of important note, the "clinical studies" that "prove" that this stuff works were all funded by the company.  No conflicts of interest there.Would not recommend to anyone.  Exercise will increase your metabolism without the jittery side effects (or heart attack, if you want to go that far), and if you really must use an energy drink...there are others on the market that won't have you burning calories due to the gag reflex.
I gave this two stars because I'm taking them at their word that it burns about 100 calories per can.  Assuming it does, I can treat it like medicine and gulp it down while trying not to taste it.  Mango is a nice flavor, and sometimes peach can be OK, but mango with peach with green tea is nauseating.My advice, don't buy.  If you do, however, chug quickly!
My family received the Clementine Izze drinks.  We chilled them and each tried one.My eleven year old son seemed to like the drink three fourths into it, but them started complaining about a funny taste, especially after you swallowed it.My husband drank about a half of one-then quit.  He said it tasted nasty and gave him a headache-he is borderline diabetic and I wonder if the sugar content messed him up.Sadly, I've tried three times to like this product, but I have to agree with my husband and son.  The taste starts sweet, but becomes sour as you drink it, leaving a metallic aftertaste in my mouth that I've only ever noticed with cheap store brand juices in big metal cans.  I have also developed headaches each time I've tried to drink this drink-usually within 15 minutes.So while I applaud the "good works" that the company uses with it's profits, I would not be purchasing this product for my family at any price.1.5 starsUpdate-5-3-08-I was sent two different flavors of Izze drinks to try, The Clementine and the Grapefruit.  My family did NOT like the Clementine's flavor.  I was therefore a bit trepidatious to try the Grapefruit.  Much to our amazement, my family enjoyed the taste of the Grapefruit drinks a lot better.  The taste is milder, and actually not as sour as the Clementine.  I also did not get a headache like I did with the Clementine flavor.4 stars for the Grapefruit.
I can't tell what's so weird about this, but I can tell I don't like it. It's like sweet mixed with a very odd bitter. I think it's a nutty flavor since its cashew juice, but it's almost coffee or peanut-butter like.For the record, I like orange juice, I'm ok with coffee and don't mind peanut butter. Put them together though? That's sort of what this is. ew.
I was interested in tasting the juice of the cashew fruit, knowing that cashews were related to other excellent fruits, but I found this juice to be a bit astringent. Go ahead and try it; I always like to try new things, but this one is not on my list of new favorites.
This juice is almost tasteless, yet has an almost imperceptible fruity overtone similar to pineapple, and has a faint musty aftertaste which I did not like.  The color is a cloudly mustard yellow which reminds me of pineapple juice toned down with whole milk.  I only finished three quarters of one serving.  At 140 calories a serving there was no sense drinking the entire thing since the faint aftertaste was musty--like drinking something old and stale.
There's no other way to say this: this product smells bad.Fortunately, it tastes better than it smells. Unfortunately, that's not much of an improvement. Cashew juice has a flavor that falls somewhere between "fruity baby food mixed in with water" and "sort of tropical". There's a distinct bitter aftertaste, almost like cashew, but I could be imagining that it actually tastes like cashew.I suppose if you're inclined to believe the packaging -- that it allegedly helps fix upset stomachs, sore throats, acne, eczema, and has a boatload of vitamins -- it would make an okay base for a smoothie, or maybe you would want to use it as a liquid substitute in a cake or something. Far fetched? Sure, but I can't imagine anybody saying "Whew! What a day! I'm going to go home and relax with a nice glass of cashew juice!"
To be honest, the thought of Cashew Juice does not at all sound delicious or thirst-quenching. So opening the drink does wonders, smelling is not to appetizing.At first, the taste is very prune-juice like, very watered down and simple, without the soda-sticky sugar or carbonation. Reminds me very much of medicine, though it's not thick like cough syrup but more like a mixed-herbal tea flavor.Apparently, Cashew Juice acts like a medicine too, claiming to "calm an upset stomach, soothe a sore throat, protect the skin from problems like acne and eczema, and fortify the immune system." Wow, really? No wonder I don't particularly like it...sounds way too good to be true. Even has "five times more Vitamin C than orange juice." Can't beat that!For those who like healthy drinks, not for the taste but for the benefits of vitamins and other nutrients. I'd much rather just eat the cashew nuts than drink cashew juice!
This drink has a unique flavor: closest resemblance I can give is coconut water with pineapple juice. Personally, neither me nor my son, liked the taste.Each 11 oz drink Tetra Pak has 140 calories! Although they claim health benefits for upset stomach, sore throat, acne, eczema and fortification of immune system, I could not easily find any scientific studies to support those claims for this drink or cashew juice. Added sugar cane is not healthy; and you will flush those added vitamins down the toilet, anyway, if you consume healthy diet.O.N.E. juices are produced in Brazil and they claim that their Tetra Paks are environmentally friendly. It is also very confusing as to how to sip it. There is an opening for a straw but is not accompnied by one; of course, plastic straws are not eco-friendly. Sipping directly from the container is not easy.After water, the most healthy drink is vegetable juice. Fruit juices have lot of calories but many  provide unique nutritious ingredients and anti-oxidants- pomegranate, blue berry, mango, carrot etc. I usually dilute fruit juices with club soda, often 1 part juice with 2 parts club soda.I got this drink as a part of Amazon Vine program and would not buy it personally.
Sounds enticing, nutritious and exotic. "Juice from the cashew fruit." but I didn't care for the taste and it leaves your mouth feeling "filmy". I am not sure how to describe it, but it is a light flavor and a bit tangy. Don't confuse this with "nut milk" as this is juice made from the fruit of the cashew, not the nut.Is this review helpful? Let me know, please vote. :-)
Well on its own.. it doesn't taste BAD.. but wasn't flavorful on its own. I can see where it would work with a spinach dip or something like that. Doesn't taste bad.. just not enough to make me want to keep eating them or buy more.
This was a bit of a disappointment, it offered so much promise but the packaging is a bit vague on how to make the best use of it. I tried to make it up in two different ways but it did not seem to have any taste. One serving suggestion on the package suggests making it with Apple Juice, but, to be honest the Apple Juice tasted better on it's own.If anyone can offer a better serving suggestion I will be willing to try it again and update my review.
I got this bought because my husband and I love tea. Last night I made some Red Espresso and it tasted like really cheap strong tea. It had a weird after taste and texture. I drank a 1/2 cup to give it a chance - but I got a terrible headache from this product.  If you are a fan of Red Expresso this might be a great product - but if you are true tea fan I would pass.
This drink had an odd smell and flavor. Hard to describe,kind of woody.I never drink my tea with milk or sugar. So for comparisons sake did not want to jazz this up with it. I do not see myself purchasing this or adding it to my wonderful assortments of teas that I have on my counter. I love and have various rooibos tea in my kitchen. I am not a daily tea drinker. I actually prepare it for special alone times. This brand of rooibos tea was too sweet and not a flavor that I would want to turn to again.
I am an avid tea drinker who turned to the drink after realizing my body can't really tolerate coffee. I enjoy Rooibos on occasion and use it for chai when serving to people who are sensative to caffine.One important point about Rooibos is that it isn't technically tea it doesn't come from the Camellia Sinensis fmaily and therefore is considered an herbal.  It's a common mistake to label things which aren't true tea as teas, but a bigger mistake would be to label this "espresso".The only thing Red Espresso has in common with Espresso (aside from how you may chose to prepare it) is how it is ground.  When dealing with herbals and teas the more surface area that the water has contact with when you brew it, the more bitter the resulting beverage. With Red Espresso, rather than getting a sweet and clean tasting beverage, that you'd get from traditionally prepared rooibos, you get one which is much more bitter and sharp.I tried preparing this tea a number of different ways and found it took a lot to get the water to grounds ratio right. With only one exception I was never quite pleased with the resulting beverage.  The best luck I had with Red Espresso was to put it on the stovetop in water and then add chai spices to the mix, drain through a strainer and then adding milk and sweetner.I recognize people will turn to products like this for the health benefits, but I think they'll be disappointed with the experience of drinking this like coffee. For a much better coffee substitute I recommend Choffy which approximates the taste of coffee much closer.But if you're looking to give up your regular cup-o-joe for tea, this isn't the way to go. You'd be much better served picking up some Yunnan Gold or an Assam black tea, brewing it strong and adding milk and sweetener (if desired). If you're set on rooibos then look for the full unground needles to use to brew a much more pleasant cup.
Let me first start off by saying it doesn't, NOT ONE OUNCE, taste like espresso, coffee, or anything similar. It tastes like tea, PERIOD.Now with that out of the way on to the rest of the review.When you first open the package you are hit with this odd, earthy smell... not something that most people would find pleasant. I've had a lot of teas, but this one takes the prize for the oddest smelling.After trying to figure out whether or not I wanted to drink something that smelled that odd I went ahead and added a fair amount (three tablespoons) to my four cup Mr. Coffee. The last thing I wanted to do was make a large pot of the stuff and end up throwing it out. A few minutes (about eight) pass and I hear the distinct "slurping" noise indicating that the coffee maker was at the end of its cycle and go to get me a cup of Red Espresso. Odd thing was the coffee carafe was only half filled up... odd, right? So I carefully pull out the coffee basket and to my surprise it still had two cups of water/tea in it literally 1/8" away from spilling out everywhere. So be VERY careful when using this in an drip coffee machine as the tea seems to clog the filters more then coffee ever would.As for taste, it's not great, but it isn't awful. The taste I get out of it is very similar to a good black tea without the bitterness. And that is one thing this tea has over some of the others, doesn't matter how strong you make it, it doesn't get bitter.Personally, I wouldn't buy it. The taste is nowhere near espresso, thus you are left with nothing more then expensive loose tea that smells odd.Pros:Comes in a resealable pouch.Doesn't get bitter.Cons:Doesn't taste like espresso.Very odd smell, before, during, and after the steeping process.Kinda spendy, I would hope that it would at least taste like mediocre coffee for this price.Seems to backup drip coffee makers really easily, so be careful!
This is an interesting brew, but I have to admit it tastes a bit different and has that "health" drink tang to it, I love black tea and good coffee so this is something I would drink to have instead of those two but never as a substitute. The flavor and scent is bit grassy, and makes me feel a bit like a farm animal when I drink it lol, for health benefits I prefer my green tea and mesh bags of Rooibos tea with nice flavors such as almond or coconut , I wouldn't buy this again even though its was free from Amazon...Other than the acidic flavor it's hard to make, prepare to have your coffee pot clogged up...not fun and not fast/easy for sure
I am both an avid tea drinker and sort of a manic coffee person.  I have definite likes and dislikes when it comes to both tea and coffee.  This beverage sort of fits into a "no man's land" when it comes to either.  I tried it as espresso (as the name suggests) and ended up with a murky,thick, sludge like drink that was anything "but" espresso.  Next, I tried it as a tea in the finest mesh strainer that I have, same results... terrible.  I tried it hot, I tried it cold.  It was like trying to make a beverage with the fine grit left at the bottom of my vacuum cleaner bag and had about the same appeal.I gave it two stars because rooibos is chocked full of health benefits and it is 'supposed' to be good for you.  That presupposes that you can stand to drink it.  I can't.  Rooibos tea is available in blends from major tea outlets such as TEVANA and I have tried it from other sources with no difficulty in preparation or loss of flavor.  It is not the rooibos that I object to, it is the way this manufacturer chooses to process it and way you will have to scramble to find a way to fix it that you can at least drink it.There are too many enjoyable flavors of tea and coffee for me to sample without all the irritation and drama that this product causes me to go through.I was not in any way happy that they chose to call it "espresso" as it is far from it.  It is as a matter of fact far from anything that I want to experience again.  Go buy some rooibos tea or espresso and enjoy them.  This is a failed experiment and a terribly misleading product in my opinion.
I am not a regular coffee drinker, but I do like a cup now and then. I am a tea drinker, and I enjoy most teas. The ones I don't like get extra sugar and I will finish it off not to waste it. I will not be finishing this bag. This is one of those things that look good on paper. I'm sure some might like it, but I did not, nor did my wife. I was disappointed to find that it does not taste like espresso or any kind of coffee. It's flavor is sharp, and not to my liking. Had it not been marketed as it was, I still do not think I would like the flavor. It's not that I do not like strong teas, it's just that this particular tea had a gritty, dirt-like taste that I could not get past. I wonder how it would be if it were pressed (I do not have one, and I don't know if it will just bring out more of the sharpness). The cost of this tea is another issue. For the price, I think you can create a wonderful blend, and still have money left over for a real espresso...or two. The only thing I can think of is trying to combine this with another tea to try to mask it, however, if you have to do that, something is wrong. I do not see this enhancing the flavor of a blend...though I suspect if you try hard enough you might find a combination that suits you. This certainly was not for us (my wife and I). Top that off with the smell and I was almost ready for another star reduction. It did not bother me as much as it bothered my wife. She had to , "air out," the kitchen. I din't think it was THAT bad, just very different and not very pleasant. I do like the resealable pouch. We resealed it quickly! By no means is this a coffee alternative. It's almost like thinking a vegi-burger (very few of which I actually like) will replace a hamburger. It will not, and neither will this.
This tea has an excellent rooibos flavor that I really enjoy. I made this tea three ways so here are the three short reviews of each method:Drip Coffee Pot: The package says you can do it, but the tea swells up and backed up my coffee maker something fierce. Taste was full flavored but not too heavy, despite missing a good portion of water that was supposed to drip through and never did. After this incident I decided I would try a different way and just tossed a coffee filter tied with tea in the bottom and tied off at at the top with some cotton thread into the bottom of the pot and ran plain hot water through the maker and it turned out much better. Would achieve the same results from the stove and boiling water, too.French Press: This was the best way of making the tea so far. Since the tea tended to swell up when I added water to it, using the press was the best method because it's pretty difficult to clog a french press.Espresso Machine: I enjoy drinking hot tea for maybe a half hour at a time so there was no real benefit in making a small amount. I still had difficulties with it brewing properly and the whole process just wasn't worth it.
This is called Tea Espresso but it has no caffeine.  I don't know what I was expecting when I got this in the mail, but I don't like it.  I was hoping for something with an interesting flavor but it just tastes like run of the mill tea.  I probably will not use the remain product I have and wouldn't recommend this to people unless they specifically wanted something that has a high antioxidant content or is caffeine free.
This is fine. It's just not all that.Perhaps if I had special equipment that would make it without getting little floaties in my cup, I would have given it more stars. (I used a fine mesh strainer and poured the boiling water through twice). And perhaps if I didn't get an unimaginable headache a half hour or so after drinking it...I might have gone for three stars. (Unsure whether this caused the headache--I have to try it one more time). But, the end result tasted like tea...nothing special and at 11.70 per bag--uh, I'd rather go for Celestial Seasonings if I want some caffeine-free tea-beverage-drink.SO if you have an espresso machine and want to branch out into tea, this might be for you--otherwise go for some loose-leaf and steep the hell out of it.
Of all the K-Cup coffee I've had, this is my least favorite.They call it "Donut Shop Coffee" and maybe that's exactly what it is - a weak, bitter brew.It's just not good, people.  It doesn't taste like much - it is surprisingly bitter.  Like bad diner coffee.  Maxwell House is better than this mess.
First got turned onto these bars at Starbucks. Our favorite is the blueberry vanilla & cashew but Amazon does not offer this combo for some reason. So I ordered the  Pomegranate Blueberry Pistachio + Antioxidants as well as another type, figuring that even if the kids did not like it my husband would take the remainders to work to snack on midday. Well no one likes this flavor. It consists of a lot of the puffed filler grains used in cheap bars, almost like smaller firmer rice crispies. I even had the box in the car to pull out when the kids were starving as a snack but no go and husband doesn't like them. The other kind I ordered was the fruit and nut delight which everyone will eat, but our favorite remains the blueberry vanilla and cashews.
The cinnamon flavor on this is good. The coffee blend is so weak that it ends up tasting like hot cinnamon water. We have 1 family member who likes this so I'm giving this 2 stars. If they made this with a stronger brew it would be a lot better. If your searching for a new flavor you should try Timothy's German Chocolate Cake. It's fantastic!
You hear about the people that get the ugly sweater from a distant (or not so distant) relative.  It's my perception that the ugly sweater would be a better gift than this basket.  At least the ugly sweater can be turned into a work towel or given to the dog as a chew toy.  For the extra talented, the cloth can be used to make a pin or something.  This basket is truly the gift for those you dislike.  It is skimpy enough to be offensive.When I first opened the box containing the basket, I thought it looked like a pretty nice basket.  There were a variety of boxed items and some random Ghiradelli pieces.  I went for the fudge first.  I love fudge.  I cracked open the box expecting to find a bar of fudge and instead there were two individually wrapped dinky pieces.  I didn't think a rather ample box was needed for two small pieces of fudge but thought that if they tasted good I could overlook the excess packaging.  The fudge was terrible.  It was supposed to be chocolate but tasted like it had some sort of fruit essence.  I decided that there were so many other things that I shouldn't let one element disappoint me.  On to the chocolate chip cookies.  Wow. Wow in a bad way.  Again, in a big box, were six quarter-sized cookies.  Four of the six cookies were badly broken.  The other two cookies had one, yes ONE, chocolate chip.  The chocolate chips were not even normal sized chips.  They were speckles.  So it was really a crunchy shortbread cookie with a speckle that might have been chocolate.  The wafer rolls were broken and melted.  The two truffle cookies were boring.  The two individually wrapped chocolate chip pretzels did not taste fresh.  The best part of the basket was the actual basket and the ghiradelli chocolate pieces.I solicited opinions from co-workers who shared my opinion on the basket.  One, while holding a broken wafer, said " I'm going to eat this but I would be ashamed and embarrassed to give this as a gift."  Yet another said, "The boxes make it seem so much more substantial."All in all, a major let down.  The picture made this basket seem like it was going to be overflowing with chocolate inspired items but it was barely overflowing with crumbly, melted items. Unless you are truly trying to make someone feel bad, make your own chocolate themed basket or just give an ugly sweater.
I decided to try this brand again after years of using multiple other brands.  I couldn't remember why I stopped using this one.  Now I remember!!  It barely tastes of chocolate. And that was with using 2 packets  per cup.  Absolutely do not buy this one.  There really are so many other brands available that actually taste like hot cocoa. I'd say I was disappointed in this cocoa but now that I remember from long ago how awful the taste is.....my disappointment actually is expected.  It's a cheap cocoa that I can now afford to skip and buy the good stuff.  If you like this one because you grew up with it....that's wonderful but if you really want chocolate flavor.....try one of the other brands.
I am a big Swiss Miss fan since I was just a little kid. This is the first time though that I have tried a diet Swiss Miss product and I am not a big fan. I am a diet Coke/Pepsi junkie so I thought I would enjoy this but to no avail. A metallic tasteless aftertaste. Tried it several times at a few different times during the day.Stick with the original Swiss Miss or go without.
I've tried this and tried the similar product by Nestle, and this one just doesn't dissolve well, it leaves big lumpy clumps along the inside of the cup as you drink it, and too much sediment in the bottom. I was pretty sad I ordered this and happy to go back to the Nestle version, which I drink every day.
First, I need to make a confession.  We love and drink Swiss Miss products with great frequency.  However, our cocoa of choice is from their Indulgent Collection and is called Dark Chocolate Sensation.  Prepared with 2% milk (as we do), we're talking a good 240 calories according to the packaging (or 150 if made with water).  By contrast, this Diet Swiss Miss from the Sensible Sweets collection is only 25 calories if made with water.  It's quite a bit of difference, certainly.  I understand the necessity to be calorie conscious and I applaud it, but taste matters too.If you absolutely have to have cocoa on your diet, perhaps this is the best product available.  I have no means to judge it against comparable fare.  But for me, this just doesn't cut it as a satisfying chocolate treat.  To be blunt, I'd rather not have substandard cocoa from a taste standpoint.  I would simply choose not to have hot cocoa on my diet, there are plenty of other options for that sweet tooth.  My experience with Swiss Miss Diet was that it was watery, semi-flavorless, and even a bit difficult to dissolve well.  I still love and support Swiss Miss.  I'm just not converting to their more healthful options anytime soon!  KGHarris, 1/14.
This Swiss Miss "Sensible Sweets" variety of cocoa tastes great,. Make no mistake about it. We have both regular, sugarless and this type in our pantry and all 3 are equally as chocolaty. This one might even be a bit more so. At only 25 cals a serving it has no right to taste this good. YUM!BUT, and here is my only real complaint....... For some unknown reason the powder is clumping in my cup and not fully dissolving. I am using boiling liquid and stirring full yet I still have some lumps, clumps and a bit of grit leftover.  This has never occurred with the other varieties of Swiss Miss I have tried and use regularly.So the taste was fine but the powdery clumps floating on the top after 3 minutes of hard stirring left me cold on this hot chocolate mix. Your clumping may vary but as such I just can't recommended it.
I enjoyed the initial flavor (2 stars) before I was met with a chemical aftertaste. Since I added the water after the mix, I never had problems with the cocoa powder dissolving. However, I found it to be quite weak for a typical cup of cocoa. One packet of Swiss Miss Diet Hot Cocoa Mix is only 25 calories, but I found that I needed to use two packets (50 calories) in order to make a regular (8oz) cup.On the other side of the box, you'll find the ingredients. As of this writing, the ingredients listed on the product page do not reflect what this diet mix really contains. Though it doesn't appear to have hydrogenated oil (like the SWISS MISS with marshmallows), I was disappointed by the questionable synthetic chemicals I found in this &#34;Diet&#34; version.  Ultimately, these additional ingredients will not help me reach my goals for better health/fitness.Here is the full list:Nonfat milk, cocoa (processed with alkali), calcium carbonate, modified whey, salt, less than 2% of: natural and artificial flavors, carrageenan, acesulfame potassium, sucrolose, disodium phosphate.FYI- Acesulfame potassium is also known as Acesulfame K.
For something "diet" this is surprisingly sweet though just by looking at the ingredients list i can't tell exactly way that would be.  The first two ingredients are non-fat milk and cocoa processed with alkali, lots of chemical names, and then I see sucralose.It frothed up well when I whisked it together with hot water and the dry mix stayed mixed and didn't settle to the bottom. The flavor (beyond sweet) had a bitter edge that I want with my hot cocoa just like I want with my chocolate.Now if only the sweetness wasn't as strong I could say I'd buy this again but at it is, I probably won't and stick to other low-calorie or sugar free hot cocoas instead or simply limit my serving size for traditional hot cocoas if that really matters to me.
If you don't mind poisoning yourself and don't mind the taste of Splenda (sucralose) then this is an &#34;okay&#34; product.  Adding it to tea adds a nice hint of vanilla (but with the nasty taste and health issues of Splenda).
If you like the taste of vanilla sweetened with artificial sugar then this is for you.  I tried it and I don't care for it.
I think this tasted slightly less medicinal than Torani's hazelnut sugar free syrup.  But to say that I liked it would be an overstatement.
Generally I try not to sweeten my coffee at all, but sometimes you want a little flavor without the added sugar, right?Well - I wasn't a fan of this particular syrup. I've had some sugar-free syrups (Monin brand comes to mind) that doesn't add an odd chemical flavor to the cup of coffee. Unfortunately, even with a cup of coffee that wasn't very hot, the first thing you taste is hot Splenda. It's fairly nasty. The hotter the beverage, the worse the flavor. May try using it in a cocktail because as a simple syrup in a cold drink maybe it won't taste so bad...
I really did not enjoy this product. I had no idea what to add it to, and then I saw somewhere that people add it to sparkling water to make their own cream soda. I tried doing this and I thought it tasted terrible. I don't know if it was the brand of sparkling water I used, or if I didn't have the right ratio of water and syrup, but it was awful. I'm not sure what else to do with this syrup so if anyone has any suggestions, let me know and I'll give it a second chance.
I had seen the commercials for the Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers and I felt like that was a really clever idea and an easy meal for lunch. The process to make the meal is pretty easy-take the sauce portion out, fill water to the water line-although the water line is harder to see and I had to keep lifting it up to see if I was close-, microwave the pasta for 3 minutes and 30 seconds, then drain. Then you take the sauce portion and microwave for just 30 seconds and then mix the two together and eat.When I took my first bite, I found it to be not bad but on my second, the spiciness took over. As I ate more, I found the spicy flavor getting too much to handle. I couldn't tase much else. I'm assuming it's because of the use of Italian Sausage in the meat sauce.My sister also tried the Ziti & Meat Sauce meal and she found it to be too spicy and she has a higher tolerance for spicy things.I didn't care for the flavor of the meat sauce, so I doubt I'll be trying this Healthy Choice Ziti & Meat Sauce meal again.
I don't want to be over-negative here -- this product will definitely meet the specific needs of some folks such as those who have little time or, college students who live by microwave cooking. But for the average consumer, this product has some clear drawbacks. There are five facets to my evaluation: ease of preparation, flavor, health aspects/portion size, environmental concerns, and storage, (I'm not including price, which people can weigh for themselves) so I'll enumerate my observations here:1. Preparing the dish is a bit of a pain, compared to the Healthy Choice frozen dinners. It's essentially a five-step process, although I did find it necessary to additionally microwave the "finished" dish for an extra 30 seconds. I found it difficult to read the instructions on the side and on the top due to the tiny font size, but young people will probably not experience this problem. Microwaving the sauce can generate a tiny mess because you pull back a corner of the packet to allow steam to escape and mine bubbled out slightly. So, I did have to go back and wipe out the microwave with a damp rag. The water fill line is lightly stamped into the clear plastic and is near impossible to see initially -- you really have to look for it (on each end). The manufacturer would have benefited the consumer by putting larger font instructions on a removable card on the top so that one could just stick it under a refrigerator magnet to see what to do at each step; however, once you've prepared this dish the first time, it would be easy to do a second time without instructions.2. My wife and I both tried the product and we came to essentially the same conclusion... it's not nearly as tasty as the Healthy Choice frozen dinners, which we like very much. The pasta comes out remarkably well, au dente, very tasty. Of course, "taste" is very subjective and we are pretty discriminating so I'll just say this: if you think that McDonald's hamburgers taste pretty good, you'll probably be okay with the taste of this dish. With the sauce, the dish has a fennel-Italian sausage ambiance and it's not at all bland. I'm not a vegetarian but, honestly, I think they'd have been better off to go with a meatless marinara sauce for broader appeal and better flavor.3. The product (entire dish) has 340 calories, 6 grams of fat, and 2 grams of saturated fat. The dry weight is 6.95 ounces. In terms of portion size, I weigh 280 pounds and I'm a big eater -- the portion size was plenty large enough for me and the meal was hearty to the degree that I was not hungry again an hour later.4. Environmentally, this baby is a bit of a nightmare. While the plastics are mostly of the recyclable type, most people who typically recycle plastic beverage bottles are probably not going to recycle this -- I didn't bother (even though I recycle a LOT of plastics, glass, and paper) because it takes more hot water to wash/rinse out the two plastic bowls and the lid than the plastic is worth -- in other words, in terms of energy use, this packaging is a loser. Unfortunately, I can see no other way to set it up -- the manufacturer has already reduced the necessary components to the least number possible.5. The best aspect of this product is that it's very convenient to store, no refrigeration required, and the bowls stack nicely. The manufacturer's "use by" date extends for about a year, although I suspect that it would keep even longer than that under ideal dry storage conditions.To summarize, you could slightly improve the flavor of this dish (which would also boost the calories and the fat content) by sprinkling some freshly grated Parmesan cheese over the top of it. But the bottom line is this... even though it would take longer, I would much prefer boiling a little of my own pasta and using some canned spaghetti sauce, warmed in the microwave, OR, I would recommend buying the Healthy Choice frozen dinners which are much more convenient to prepare and tastes remarkably superior to this product.
This is a meal solution for busy working folks who would like a hot and fresh meal with minimal prep time. You could use this either for lunch or dinner. One distinct feature of this product is that it comes with individual units containing the fresh mixers that can be mixed prior to heating. Storage is easy since this does not need refrigeration. Just add water to the pasta, snap on the lid, cook (microwave) for a three minutes, drain the water, add the sauce (from sauce pack) and cook for one minute and enjoy a hot meal. I did not like the Ziti and meat sauce, but if you like meat sauce, this is for you. Other sauces available are; Sesame Teriyaki Chicken, Southwestern Style Chicken, and Sweet & Sour Chicken (see Healthy Choice website). If you have precooked vegetables sitting in the fridge this is the time to use. I would use; cheese (personal favorites are Parmesan or cheddar), broccoli, Bell peppers, garlic, Zucchini squash, or mushrooms, I would recommend combining these with your sauce while heating the mixture. Use your imagination to add or substitute any of the veggies recommended. I liked the ease of the preparation and the separate units containing the sauce for ready mixing with cooked pasta. This product not very innovative, since noodles with dried veggies (in paper tubs) is available.1.Healthy Choice Chicken Noodle Soup, 14-Ounce Microwave Bowls (Pack of 12)2. Healthy Choice Chicken with Rice Soup, 14-Ounce Microwave Bowls (Pack of 12)3. Healthy Choice MW Soup- Chicken Rice 14oz 12ct
It took some work to find out which 5 Grains were in this product...wheat, oat, barley, flax, and ?.  Maybe they counted cracked wheat and wheat flour as two different grains.This product appears to be a "healthy" choice with the fiber and supposedly 5 Grains BUT it contains the high fructose corn syrupchemical. We try to stay away from this.As usual you have to read the label.The crackers are tasty and are a nice size for cheese and other toppings. Get rid of the high fructose and you might have a winner.
I wasn't impressed by the taste of this Jerky.I didn't think it had enough flavor, and the texture did not appeal to me.I was expecting this to taste like real Beef Jerky, not the choppedand form type,that I have bought at the market or gas station.
I decided to try this product (I love a good jerky) and it wasn't that good.  How can you go wrong with beef jerky?  You can't except this one wasn't that great.  The meat was a bit stale and it lacked any real flavor.  I was expecting a little bite to this product but it never materialized.  It's not a horrible product by any means (I've had some bad jerky in my day) but I wouldn't buy it.  There's a lot better products out there.  I wouldn't recommend this product.
Mr. Z, I'm disappointed in your jerky. First the packaging. Do you expect me to eat all four ounces in one sitting? That's four servings. Why not use a zip top resealer like others do. Well then, if you do expect me to eat so much in one sitting, make it taste better. This doesn't taste very good IMHO. The texture is fine but the taste is not sitting well. I needed to eat a piece of fruit to clear my mouth.Update: Upon reading other reviews... I hadn't noticed the MSG at first. I was starting to feel "uneasy" after eating an ounce or so. I should have read the ingredients more carefully. My bad.
Everyone in the family finds this flavor to be too sweet.  The texture is good, but the lingering sugary aftertaste is off-putting.
My biggest complaint is the flavor.  The package says teriyaki, but I got barely a hint of that flavor.  The soy sauce came through most definitely in the saltiness, but you're going to get that kind of flavor in any jerky.  But there was not even a hint of ginger, garlic, and no onion either, none of the flavors I was expecting out of a teriyaki product (both garlic and onion powders are listed in the ingredients, but no ginger).  They need to improve their recipe, or repackage this as regular jerky.The piece size was good, not too big but not tiny little shreds.  The texture was good, pliable, not prickly or crunchy, and easy to get chewing.  I encountered no gristle or otherwise inedible pieces.The packaging is interesting.  I'm told front and back that this is premium beef jerky, but nowhere am I told why it's premium.  There is a pseudo-watermark, again on the front and back, which tells me it's made from grass-fed beef, but does that make it premium?  Or are we just calling it that to make me, the buyer, feel like I'm getting something special?The back of the package says clearly, "No refrigeration required," but smaller type says "After opening, refrigerate or use within three days."  Now, I grasp what this means and what needs to be done, but I have no doubt that some consumers will be left stupefied.  This needs to be communicated much more clearly.The product's modest little write-up tells me that the products are "ready to be eaten..."  Well, duh, that's a good start, for beef jerky.  The text informs me that "they are made of beef..."  Again, that's more or less what I'd expect out of beef jerky.  And finally, I'm told that it's all "specially prepared to satisfy the most demanding consumer's need for a delicious meat snack."  So, how is this specially prepared?  I'd like to hear more about this; maybe this is what makes it "premium."  I'm not that demanding, but I did expect that it would taste like teriyaki, which it didn't.  This text is nothing but stock, hollow marketing copy, the kind of stuff that strokes me as a consumer without telling me anything.  IFC: get a better copywriter and improve your narrative.There are a lot of chemicals, with smoke flavor added, and soy and wheat, with caramel color added.  There's MSG, too, along with some emulsifiers and preservatives.As for nutrition, overall it's not too bad.  The entire package contains 320 calories, with 20 of those calories from fat.  The saturated and trans fat numbers are zero, and the cholesterol is relatively low, with the sodium quite high, of course.  There's lots of protein, with good iron content, but precious little else in the way of vitamins.Packaging:  It's easy to open, with a notched starter at the top.  But there is no reseal strip, so you've got to eat it all at once (the cynic in me believes this is the intent) or figure out how you're going to seal it all back up.  A good addition to this package would be a seal.Bottom line: As jerky goes, it's okay.  It's not bad.  But the package says teriyaki, and I've had any number of other companies' teriyaki jerky, and every single one of those has delivered on that promised flavor; this one doesn't even come close.
I was quite excited to try these cocoa roasted almonds out. I love almonds and I love chocolate. And most reviews of this product imply that you get your fix of both, without the extra sugar.Well there's definitely a whole lot less sugar in this thing - it tastes pretty bad to me. And I was quite shocked. I guess I need at least a little more sweet. But I'm shocked because I'm not THAT much of a sweet tooth. It's the bitter after-taste that really bothers me with this product. I really couldn't take it.So just fair warning to those who might think this is going to be a great combo of chocolate and almond. Think again! This is really just cocoa and almond, and, for me, that left a very bad taste.
While the Almond taste is on point, the chocolate taste is not. They were pretty much just plain dry roasted almonds with Cocoa powder mixed with Splenda sprinkled on them. I could only really taste the chocolate with my first bite. After a few bites, All I could taste is almond. The light chocolate taste was just a little too light for me. And for someone who eats chocolate like it's becoming extinct, this is a bad thing. Plus, the chocolate powder was very difficult to remove from my hands.PROS1. Great Almond FlavorCONS1. Just a hint of chocolate - for others this may be a pro but for me, EH, not such a good thing2. Coated in a messy chocolate powder. - It's Best if you have mouth to canister contact when eating these.To sum it all up, I've had better.
The nuts were very tasty and if you don't mind the artificial sweeteners, they may be for you.  If you are expecting chocolate covered almonds, you'll be disappointed.  They are what they say however; "cocoa roasted".  They have a modest cocoa flavor with a bit of sweetness.The reason I gave them only 2 stars is because they fail to disclose on the front label that they contain not only one but two artificial sweeteners.  This annoys me because 1) artificial sweeteners bother my stomach and 2) many people don't want to eat artificial sweeteners or give them to their kids.  It irks me when manufacturers try to pawn their wares as a "healthy" snack yet omit the fact that they contain artificial sweeteners or ingredients.One used to be able to spot artificial sweeteners easily by "sugar free" or "NutraSweet" clearly printed on the label but for some reason, the FSA allows products to contain sucralose (a.k.a. Splenda) without any clear labeling at all.  You must read the ingredients to learn these nuts contain both sucralose and acesulfame potassium, two artificial sweeteners.  Shame on you Emerald!
I was excited to try this product.  I am reasonable fan of almonds.  (especially fond of smoked almonds) and I like chocolate.However the combination of the dry cocoa powder, which is slightly bitter, and the dry unsalted taste of the almond doesn't really seem to work.Frankly first impression is one of blandness.Maybe because my palette leans toward the sweet side, these just seem bland.  The combination almost offsets the benefits of either taste.  It's just not a sweet taste, and that was what I expected.
These fell short on flavor, sweetness, and satisfaction. As other reviewers have mentioned, they do have a bit of an after taste too.  Trader Joe's are way better and at a much better price.For those that absolutely want less calories and low sugar they would get you by, but for me, I'd rather have a little less of something really good.
I guess this is an attempt to merge macedamia nuts and almonds but it just doesn't work for me. The overall effect is a bland taste that the salt can only mask for so long. I find myself hating my taste buds after the third handful. There isn't enough salt and the smooth texture only serves to denigrate the nut itself. It's like when you mix drinks and you don't know enough not to mix them in equal dosages - say Rum & Coke. A little rum and a lot of coke and you got a great drink. A little bit of coke and a lot of rum and you again have a great drink. Mix them equally and you have bile.That's what these nuts remind me of.And the 12 servings per little container (170 calories per serving, of which 120 are fat) doesn't endear me to these things either. A handful should not be a "serving" but then again does anyone want to eat 2 servings at 1200 apiece? (or something like that.)
I found these cashews too salty and peppery for my taste. There is also a hint of onion flavor with some citric acid to give them a slightly sour taste. Some cashews were almost completely encrusted with coarse salt making them almost bitter in taste. I found it hard to have more than 2-3 cashews at one time. Combining a handful of these cashews with a cocktail is a sure way to get heartburn!The price is also on the higher side. I prefer the store branded lightly salted and far less oily tinned cashews you can get at any grocery store to these.
Yes these are sea salt and pepper cashews, however they are SO salty that neither me or my husband could handle eating them. The sea salt did have a nice flavor to it (not regular old plain salt taste). However it just was really hard to eat and then we were both thirsty for long after eating a couple of handfuls.We are both black pepper lovers and we loved the black pepper taste.If only these had perhaps 1/3 the amount of sea salt with this same amount (or more) of black pepper then they would rank a 5 star rating.The nuts themselves are excellent.I have tried other nut products from this company and loved them.
I'm a big cashew fan, but was unimpressed by this product. The nuts were fresh, but the seasoning was a bit too heavy-handed - they are very salty and the pepper has more of a bite than I liked.The seasoning gets stronger the lower you get in the can due to it falling off the upper ones and coating the lower ones. While tolerable when first opened, the seasoning becomes way too overpowering once you get half-way down in the can. I found myself putting the nuts in a dish and rolling them around a bit to dislodge some of the seasoning.If you're on a sodium restricted diet (or just want to cut down on sodium) you definitely want to pass on this.If they would dial back the salt by 50% and the pepper by 75%, it would be a great product. As it is right now, however, I'll have to give it only 2 stars.
I love cashews and was looking forward to trying these. Unfortunately to my palate they have way too much salt and pepper. The bitterness of the salt overdose gives way to the bitterness and bite of the black pepper. The cashew flavor was completely overwhelmed as well as the pleasant subtle flavors of the onion and garlic. :P
It's not that salt and pepper are a bad idea but too much is really bad.  These cashews are almost in the inedible range.  I can not recommend these at all and I really like cashews.
Emerald Sea Salt & Pepper CashewI sampled a canister of Emerald Sea Salt & Pepper Cashews and like the sea salt, but they should lose the pepper, IMHO, I couldn't finish the canister. If they eliminate the pepper, I'd recommend this product.Gunner June, 2008If they eliminate the pepper, I'd recommend this product higher.
I was sincerely looking forward to enjoying this product and reviewing it, however, it's hard to sing the praises of anything when the roof of your mouth is on fire.Emerald Sea Salt & Pepper Cashews is a good idea gone terribly wrong. The nuts are wonderful. I plan on soaking off the seasoning and using them in a chicken recipe. But there is no possability I could eat them as the manufacturer has served them up.To be sure that this was not some oversensitivity on my part, I offered the cannister to a friend -- casually and without comment. He ate two or three and begged me for a beverage to clear his mouth, saying he thought he must be "allergic" to something in them, because they "made his mouth burn."I'm just baffled that the seasoning is this unpleasantly strong yet sold in a cannister that suggests a mild freshness. I truly regret that I could not give Emerald Sea Salt & Pepper Cashews a higher rating.
I am writing this review fully acknowledging that tastes are matters of personal preference, whether in music or in food. That being said, I have to come out and say I just don't like these cashews, which are practically encrusted with salt and pepper.In our family we don't salt and pepper our food liberally, so maybe my wife and I were particularly sensitive to the salt-and-pepper blast of these cashews. Again, it's a matter of taste: if you love salt and pepper, you might like these.To write a fair review, I decided to wash the seasonings off the cashews under tap water to taste the bare nut underneath. I was surprised to find that the salt and pepper didn't just rinse off. Something was making it adhere to the cashews. So I soaked and rinsed and rubbed with my fingers a little more and finally got all the seasoning off the 5 or 6 cashews I had in my hand.Once I got all the seasoning off (or so I thought), I noticed something else that surprised me: the cashews were still greasy. This wasn't intended to be a whole-day affair, so I just popped two in my mouth. The first thing I noticed was that the cashew retained a slightly crisp, roasted character even after the drenching. That was the good news. Then I dropped the remaining cashews in my mouth, and a few seconds later came the bad news: I started tasting that pesky little prickly pepper picked for palate pop, poking its way through an otherwise tasty though plain roasted cashew.If you'd like a simpler review, my wife, a no-nonsense woman, ate just a couple and said, "I hate these. Do they have those Emerald almonds with the cocoa back in stock yet?"
I love cashews, and the idea of these yummy nuts with a dash of sea salt and pepper sounded inspired. However, the result is way too salty. If there was one-tenth the amount of salt, I might have tasted the pepper and -- even better -- the nuts.Another problem is the twist-on lid. It doesn't stay secure, which means the nuts are going to get stale, and maybe spill.
I love cashews and I would give just plain old unsalted cashews five stars, so it takes a lot to get a snack that's naturally five stars for me down to two stars, and that something is lots and lots of pepper.There's certainly more than a hint of pepper on these cashews.  There's actually so much that I can hardly tell I am eating cashews at all.  So, if you feel compelled to eat cashews for health reasons, like you need the fat that you'd get by sitting down in front of your favorite TV show and wolfing down a tin of 'em, and you don't want to taste them too much, I would recommend this product.  Otherwise, this is just overkill.
I tried to like these, but they were just COVERED with salt and mostly pepper, way, way, too much.  I ended up using them in stir-fry and didn't have to add any salt and pepper to the dish!!  I don't recommend them at all unless you REALLY like lots of seasoning (and I THOUGHT I liked salt!).
These things are absolutely COATED with salt and pepper.I like salt and pepper nuts (I had some pistachios once that were salt and pepper and they were awesome), and I love cashews, but loading them with enough coating to have greasy, salt and pepper covered fingers is too much.  Its overpowering.  You can only eat a few before you feel a bit sick.
I love cashews, and also like a bit of spice added to most foods, so I thought these sea salt and pepper cashews would be interesting.Unfortunately, the black pepper taste is overwhelming and doesn't really seem to be a good flavor combination to me, the pepper doesn't add to the taste, but ruins the excellent flavor of the cashews.For someone who REALLY loves black pepper, these will probably be a hit.  If you're not a huge pepper fan, I'd skip these and grab the regular Emerald cashews instead.
I like black pepper. When I cook, I grind my own and use as much as is called for by the recipe. On those recipes that I consider "keepers" and decide to tweak, one of the most freqent changes I make is to add more pepper. I tell you all this so you will understand that I'm not a Casper Milquetoast who can't tolerate anything spicier than corn flakes. I am fond of spicy foods, and when I order them in restaurants I do NOT tell the waiter, "Mild, please".The idea of putting pepper on nuts is, I think, a good one and could work well. But there is just too much pepper in these. And not a little too much, a LOT too much.The nuts themselves seem fine. Nice and fresh with good texture. I think the amount of salt is good, but that's difficult to determine with taste buds overwhelmed by pepper.If Emerald would use a quarter to a half as much pepper, I think this could be a winner.
Wow... VERY peppery! I love cashews, and I love salted cashews, so "Salt and Pepper" Cashews sounded intriguing... unfortunately, this product has too much pepper for me. The pepper overpowered the taste of the cashews. I would never buy these. I'll stick with good old salted cashews.
I absolutely love the salt & pepper pistachios that Costco sells and I love cashews so I was looking forward to trying these. Unfortunately these cashews are so heavily seasoned that I got heartburn from them, and I hardly ever get heartburn. In my opinion when your mouth almost burns from pepper then it's TOO MUCH! The idea of a salt & pepper cashew is a good one but I'd take a plain roasted, salted cashew over these any day. To me, the delicious taste of the cashew itself is ruined by the seasoning.
Got my box today and decided to have a before-bed snack.  The cereal is good, if not a bit sweet for my tastes.  I like a little sweetness, but this is too much. I'm still buzzing from the sugar, so please forgive my review if it's a bit sappy.  I think they've done this sweet-coating thing to the flakes to keep them from getting soggy too fast, but it also has made them extremely hard and crunchy.I mean, these flakes are HARD.If you have any loose teeth or wear dentures (neither of which is my case) you might want to soak these flakes in milk for a bit before eating them.  A friend stopped by and ate a handful earlier and it sounded like a horse was here eating a handful of nuts and bolts. My ears are still ringing from my bowlful. You get the picture.The berries are the typical freeze-dried kind, they get soggy and somewhat berry-like in milk and for what they are, not bad.  We've all seen these before, they are almost styrofoam-like consistancy when dry but mush when wet. There's no in-between. But they do add a nice flavor to the mix and the variety is nice (although the blueberries still have yet to make much of an appearance in my box).I like the fact that this is organic and all natural with no preservatives or dyes or other nasties, so I'll put up with the sugar-buzz and eat the rest of this box.  And speaking of the box, very cute idea to have a little window in there, but I don't see why the additional layer of plastic is necessary.  After all, the cereal comes in a plastic bag inside the box... wouldn't it be a little more earth-friendly to leave that off?  I'm just sayin'...Good cereal, kids will like it for the sugar (hey, I ate Sugar Pops when I was young and thought I'd never come down) and adults will like the "purity" of the zero chemmies.  And, if any of the kiddies teeth break off, no worries, they get another set.Adults?  Let those flakes soak!
This cereal was like trying to eat tree bark. Flakes are way to thick and didn't even soften up in milk. You better have strong teeth if you try to eat this stuff.
My first thought are that I thought the box was on the small side.  It seemed that all of the ingredients were natural but they added a lot of natural sugar into this to make it a sweet cereal.  My first bite I really thought I was going to break a tooth or something as the flakes were entirely too hard to bite.  Overall it didnt have too bad a taste but again really too crunchy for me.  Not really a cereal I would recommend other than for all the natural ingredients.
I looked forward to trying this cereal, but was greatly disappointed.  It was much to sweet - I expected a more "natural" taste to the flakes.  I had to let the cereal sit quite some time in the soy milk to soften some of the berries before eating.  I found it to be too much like cereal eaten as a kid before we knew how bad all that sugar was for us!  For the amount of servings, the price is not justified.  I couldn't get more than 3 bowls worth out of the box.
The earthy packaging practically screams, "This cereal is good for you." However, when I took my first bite, the `so-sweet-lockjaw-might-be-setting-in' feeling had me reinvestigating the ingredients.I found four culprits: malted barley syrup, evaporated cane juice, molasses and grape juice concentrate. Two lines down, I found two more: brown sugar and honey. These six sweeteners overwhelm the main attractions - dried strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries.(BTW: Good luck finding those elusive blackberries; my kids hunted and pecked through the bag but never did come up with anything larger than berry shards.)The cereal is too sweet for my breakfast. I could recommend it added to a trail mix for an afternoon snack when you're soothing a sweet tooth. Again, the berries here are the draw.However, the cereal is relatively expensive for five (small) servings. There's too many other options either for breakfast or trail mix that are both more affordable and better tasting (read: not as sweet). Two stars.
Although I do like "healthy" cereals, I'm really not a fan of the cereals with the freeze-dried fruit. Dried fruit I like, but freeze dried strawberries do nothing for me.Though this cereal says it has strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries, I saw a ton of straw, a few rasp, and no black. So don't get too excited about blackberries.The flakes themselves aren't horrible, but were a little heavy on the barley (I think?) flavor. Mixed with some granola this cereal wouldn't be bad, but as-is I'm not at all tempted to track it down in the store.
Despite the allure of wholesomeness, this cereal is loaded with sugar. It tastes more like a kid's cereal (and even turns the milk pink to boot). That is until you bite into one of the very tart freeze-dried berries (which become slimy after a few minutes in milk). It seems that the berries were not allowed to ripen to full deliciousness.While I don't like my flakes getting soggy, these guys stay unnaturally hard for a long time. In fact, they are a bit unnerving to eat out of the box without milk.I find the overall taste to be imbalanced. Too sweet of an undertone punctuated with mouth puckering tartness and an overblown textural contrast. It is a cereal of extremes at a rather stiff price. I'll stick with Raisin Bran.
While I had no idea what to expect of "freeze dried" fruit, I found that it had dissolved by the time the flakes, which appear to have the consistency of cardboard, sat in the soymilk long enough to be soft enough to eat.Fresh fruit is of course difficult to keep around when you only need a berry or three each morning.  However, I would recommend, rather than pre-mixing instant fruit with cereal, that the consumer purchase frozen fruit and thaw it as needed for slicing into breakfast cereal.
Pros: it tastes good, unless you get an unreconstituted dried berry, which can be very sour--let it sit a minute in milk before you dig in--the flakes won't get soggy! It has some fiber. The berries are very like fresh berries when they've been in milk for a bit and there are enough to effectively flavor a bowlful of cereal. It has 5 grams of protein per cup (not counting any milk) and 190 mg of potassium.Cons: more sugar (17g per cup) than Frosted Flakes, with a fraction of the vitamins; extremely sweet, overly crisp/hard flakes (the roof of my mouth got sore from chewing on them); at best 5 servings per box, according to their measure--I only got three cereal bowls full.
The promise of "100% Natural" is everywhere these days, but this cereal is not the best offering available.  I was shocked when I saw the size of the box (small) and number of servings (just 5 one-cup servings).The cereal itself was disappointing, very crunchy, brown-sugar sweet, with some berries thrown in.  I ate one bowl, then the box sat there on the counter for a week, but I had no desire to try again.It is sold in 6-packs on Amazon, which is quite an investment for a cereal you may not like.  The expiration date on my box was just a couple of weeks away...okay if you're just eating from a single, five-serving box, but not good if you've got a case of the stuff.
This cereal is a mix of crunchy multigrain flakes and fruit (raspberries, strawberries, and blackberries).  It contains no artificial preservatives or flavors. The flakes were pretty tasteless and the fruit got mushy and slimy in milk and left a bad after-taste.  The cereal offers a "Love it or your money back" guarantee (but it expired last month).At 210 calories per cup, this has almost twice the calories of my usual cereal, but still didn't taste sweet enough to me.  The brown box goes overboard on the "I'm so plain I must be healthy" message.  In short, I didn't like it enough to try again.
I usually eat plain cereals (or cereal that has added dried fruit on occasion) but try to avoid cereals with much, if any, added sugar. One of my often eaten cereals is "Fiber One" (0g/serving of added sugar) with a sliced banana or other sliced fruit or berries.This cereal looked promising with it's prominent proclamation of "100% Natural" and earthy looking packaging. I was optimistic that I would like this cereal because it had several good things going for it. It had a decent amount of 3 types of dried berries in it (strawberries, raspberries and blackberries). The strawberries were big slices not itty bitty pieces and the blackberries were whole. I've never actually seen blackberries in a commercially produced cereal before so this was unique. The flakes were made of whole grains and the cereal looked appealing to me. With whole grains, 3 types of berries and no artificial anything, how could it not be good?I poured the first bowl, put in some milk and waited a minute or two for the freeze-dried berries to absorb some milk and soften up a bit. The first bite surprised me because the flakes were really thick and crunchy. Too crunchy perhaps? So I poured a cup of coffee and waited a couple more minutes before taking the second mouthful. It was also very crunchy... too crunchy. I've never eaten a cereal before that was too crunchy, but for my taste this one was.The cereal was also way too sweet for my taste. I never add sweetener to a cereal and this one left a distinct, heavy sugary taste in my mouth that I did not enjoy. The flakes remained crunchy to the very end of the bowl which could seem like a good thing, but as I've said, for me they were too thick and too crunchy. Never thought I'd complain about a cereal being too crunchy.Although I don't mind having freeze-dried berries in my cereal, I'd prefer to add my own fresh berries, or even "frozen" berries if fresh were not available. The added sugar was unnecessary and made this too sweet.I would not buy this product in the future.Pros:-All Natural Ingredients-Big pieces of freeze-dried berries-Good amount of dietary fiber/serving - 5g/serving-Feel good packagingCons:-Added sugar makes it quite sweet - 17g/serving-Flakes are thick and too crunchy-Small box size of 10.5 oz (only 5 servings)
If you are looking for a good tasting, healthy cereal, keep looking.  This particular cereal does have whole grains and some fiber without trans fats and high fructose corn syrup but that's where healthy ends.  There are SIX different kinds of sugar in this cereal plus the concentrated sugar you get in dried fruits.  The flakes are as sweet if not sweeter than many popular kid cereals.  The ingredients list barley syrup, concentrated grape juice, molasses, honey, evaporated cane juice and brown sugar.  That's a lot of sugar.  I compared this cereal to other cereals in my pantry.  I converted all of them to the same number of grams per serving so my comparisons would be meaningful.  In nutritional value this cereal was close to Lucky Charms and Leaping Lemurs (an organic version of peanut butter Kix).  The Lucky Charms had more sugar and less fiber.  For a 50g serving of Back To Nature Summer Berry Blend Cereal you get 191 Calories; 1g Fat; 42g of Carbs with 15g of that in Sugar.  You also get 5g of Fiber but it doesn't state whether that fiber is soluble or insoluble.  Finally, there are 5g of Protein and 91g of Sodium.How does the cereal taste?  The flakes are very hard/crisp and very very sweet.  It made me think of eating a really hard frosted flake (with sugar added).  The fruit is freeze dried without any additional sugar so it is tart (but there is still sugar in the fruit, concentrated fructose).  I put soy milk on the cereal and let it sit for a minute and the flakes were still hard.  I tried rinsing some flakes in warm water to take some of the sweetness out, but that left warm, tasteless squishy flakes that were still sweet.If you like Very sweet cereal with a light malted barley taste, you'll like it.  Just remember that it full of sugar and the sugar/fiber ratio is not good.  If you are attracted to it because it says "Natural", remember that there are no regulations on the use of the word "Natural" in the food industry and the cereal does list any ingredients as organic.  I have to admit I did like the flavor and I liked the extreme crunch.  However, I threw away most of the box of cereal to keep from eating it because of the high sugar content.
Not much more to say about the product.  As stated in my title. The flavor was very good but they were very hard, even in milk.  I wouldn't recommend
Yes, this is yummy: crunchy, flavorful, and (wow!) 17 grams of sugar per serving.If they could make it organic (strawberries and raspberries are some of the most important foods to buy organic because they absorb such a high percentage of pesticides), remove half the sugar, and keep all that flavor I'd buy it in a heartbeat; but, I'm not holding my breath.I'd recommend this to cereal junkies who might have it instead of dessert.  Actually, if you're used to scarfing down donuts or pastry for breakfast this may have less sugar and provide more fiber, so there could be a place for it in someone's diet.  Just not mine.
Our family has made the leap to whole grains, very low sugars, and whole, natural foods so this cereal looked very promising. However, this stuff is loaded with sugar. Ok, they don't call it 'sugar' per se, but 'evaporated cane juice', molasses & grape juice concentrate are all just that - sugars. It really does taste way too sweet. Also, the flakes are very dense & tiring to chew after a while. The berries taste great, but I agree that they should be organic, as should the grains. Also, at only 5 servings per box, it's not a very good value at all.
I was really hoping this would be a more natural alternative to something like Special K Red Berries, which I really like - but I'm trying to eat healthier and more natural. Boy was I wrong about this stuff! It's packed with sugar and calories.I've been scouring nutritional information on the internet to find a cereal with as many sugars as this cereal has. A serving of this stuff has an incredible 17g of sugars per cup. Whoa!! And it tastes like it too. I'm shocked that other reviewers haven't noted how sweet this stuff it. It has honey, molasses, brown sugar , grape juice, barley syrup and cane sugar! Yes, you read that right, SIX different kinds of sugar! It is so sickly sweet I could barely make it through half a bowl before I felt like sugar rush was setting in.Just for comparison, some of the sugar cereals your parents probably didn't let you have as a kid are much lower. Cap'n Crunch? 12g of sugars. Lucky Charms - one of the first that comes to my mind when I think of sugary cereals has 11g per serving. Okay, to be fair, we're talking about a serving here. I though, perhaps their serving was a different size. Those other cereals I mentioned were 3/4 cup servings. But even a cup of them still has less sugars.  And I haven't even started in on how many calories this stuff has (210 for those curious).So aside from the sweetness, I found the flakes to be overly crunchy and carboardy. The berries, when I had one (I had hardly any in the bowl I poured, my husband had maybe a couple) were fine. I haven't noticed any issues the other reviewers mentioned with the berries.I should also mention, the box is tiny. There are only five 1 Cup servings per box. It's pretty expensive when you look at it that way.I'm sorry to say, I won't be picking this up any more. Stick with Special K Red Berries. At 120 calories and 9g of sugar per cup, that's almost half this "natural" stuff.
Back To Nature Summer Berry Blend Cereal comes in recycled, but attractive, packaging.  The see-through window allows you to see the contents.  The cereal seems to have the right amount of sweetness, but the flakes are too hard.  The freeze-dried fruit, what there is of it, is of a good size, delicious, tasty, and tart.  Strawberries are the most prevalent.  The taste is a bit unusual, but for organic cereal, it is OK.  Additional amounts of fruit and softer flakes would make this cereal more appealing.
There's nothing wrong with the flavor of NEWTONS FRUIT CRISPS Apple Cinnamon snacks.  If you've eaten any sort of artificially-flavored apple cinnamon snack (Nutra-Grain bars, etc.), the taste will be familiar.No, the problem with the NEWTONS FRUIT CRISPS is the texture.  It's completely unappealing.  Crunchy-shell-with-soft-center is nothing new, but these are ... weird.  Instead of being cookie-like, the outer coating has the texture of a water cracker--thin and crunchy.  The fruit-flavored inside isn't soft, but chewy, like some sort of dried fruit bar or a Fruit Roll-Up.  The combination of cracker-crispy and tough-chewy make me think for all the world that I was eating something stale.  They *weren't* stale, but that's the best way I can describe the texture.  It's like biting into a Fig Newton that's been left out too long.I don't think I'll be buying these regularly.
All I can say about these is that if you love Pop Tarts you will love this diminutive version of them because that is exactly what they are - miniature Pop Tarts.  Plain bland uninteresting white flour outside with a thin layer of blase fruit inside.  And where does the crisp come in?  There is nothing crispy about them.  Give me an old fashioned Newton any day.
. . . but nothing particular special here!Yes, I understand the recent fad of packaging snacks and treats into 100 calorie portions -- but for the tactic to work, the snacks and treats have to actually taste good.  These fruit crisps don't particularly taste good!I liked the idea of the "crisp" on the outside, with the tasty fruit filling, but the problem here was that there was too little fruit filling.  If that's all the fruit filling I get for 100 calories, I'm going to choose another snack.  (For example, the Nutri-grain bar has only 40 more calories -- but probably 4 times the filling, thereby making it, at least for this weight conscious consumer, a far more desirable option.)I wanted to like this; I tried to like it -- but alas, to no avail!
the crust is crispy but there is not near enough filling in them, you can barely taste the fruit filling and I found them to be quite dry. These would be great if there were twice the amount of filling in them. I don't think I will purchase these again.
I've loved Fig Newtons ever since I was a kid. Since then I've taken a liking to the newer fruit Newtons flavors like Apple Newtons. I just really like that soft, sort of cakey outer shell combined with the sweet, fruity filling.The Newtons Fruit Crisps are nothing like that. Inside each snack pack are two Fruit Crisps. A Newtons Fruit Crisp is about 4 inches long, a little over an inch wide, and what seems like about a quarter to half inch thick. My first thought upon unwrapping them was that the snack seemed a little dry to the touch and it was so thin that I couldn't even imagine how there could be any fruit filling inside. The outer shell is tapered at both ends and so you can't see the filling as you would in a Fig or Apple Newton. And the shell is thin-crusty-hard, enough so that your fingernail doesn't even leave a mark if you test the hardness that way. Just a "click, click."And now the taste test. I took a bite and the first thing I thought of was those old "apple pies" they used to sell at McDonald's. Do they still make those? I remember they were served hot, had that clicky, slightly crunchy shell sealed shut, and then a not-too-bad apple pie filling inside. The Newtons Fruit Crisp had the crust/crackle but there was almost no fruit filling inside. It seemed to me the fruit spread inside was no thicker than a piece of cardboard like the kind used to keep men's shirts and collars stiff before you remove all the packaging. The ingredients state they use apple powder and apple puree (in that order) for the filling, probably along with the sugar, oil, and cornstarch, corn syrup and pectin listed on the ingredients. I'm not impressed.And it was dry. Much dryer than I had expected. So, a crunchy, not very flavorful crust, and a thin spread of some kind of fruit paste inside. There was only a faint hint of apple cinnamon flavor. And it definitely needed a water or milk chaser.Now for the nutrients: It's a 100-calorie snack pack with only 2 grams total fat (0 saturated, 0 trans, 1 polyunsaturated, and then I guess traces of the saturated and trans fats that are too small to measure a 1 gram reading but total enough to bring total fat up to 2 grams). Also, 0 dietary fiber. There are lots of other ingredients used in processed snacks--all in all a big disappointment.
I like the idea of having a fruit bar or crisp that you can whip out anytime....and enjoy. The problem is that I have yet to find that perfect product. I wanted to try these because I am such a fan of the basic "Fig Newton."These have a great, tasty look to them but they are not crisp. There is nothing crispy about them...I've eaten shoe boxes with more intrigue.... I find the apple filling to be a little chemical tasting and it is very dry as well. They are not something you can dunk in milk either. They aren't awful, but I will never buy them. It seems my search for the perfect snack bar will continue....
The taste of Apple Cinnamon Newton Fruit Crisps is average: not bad that you cannot eat it but not good enough to lust after. They are calorie rich with 100 calories and 20 gm carbohydrate in each 28 gm snack, and no fiber. Only unique nutritious ingredient is Cinnamon and they give hardly any satiety. The price is not available yet to comment upon. Basically it is a junk food except for trace amounts of apple and Cinnamon. Personally I would pass this snack - in favor of Apple!
I decided to use this flavor to test the Krups/Nescafe's "iced" option -- room temp water pressure as opposed to hot -- because every once in a while I like a decaf iced coffee, which means buying an iced decaf Americano (I know this isn't decaf) in most shops.This is the Krups/Nescafe "equivalent" (I use that term loosely) to an Americano if you use a larger volume of water than for the Lungo.In short, I could barely swallow this stuff.  Cold-pressed, it tastes like end-of-the-day convenience store coffee that has been watered down.  Absolutely terrible.Trying it hot only yields marginally better results.The only reason it got 2 stars from me is because I'm impressed with the Krups process.  However, I still cannot fathom why a great manufacturer, Krups, chose to partner up on this project with an instant coffee company (Nescafe).  This flavor is the worst so far BY far.
These chocolates are typical of 'grocery store' quality products.  They're rather like eating a piece of candle wax.  There's none of the silky, velvety texture a really fine chocolate provides.  I also didn't really taste 'caramel', which surprised me given Werther's mainstay product is a caramel candy.  I wouldn't buy them, but my husband ate the rest of the bag, so there is an appeal for some people.
This swirl candy start tasting like Werther's Original hard candy when you just put it in your mouth, which is great, but then somehow the taste disappears and you feel fatty sweet mass in your mouth, not very nice feeling.I didn't notice much of chocolate taste, too, I would say it is more like white chocolate, not milk.I didn't really like it, but, on the other hand, my children loved the candy and made sure the bag does not sit on the counter for too long.
What can I say? Werther's (rather the parent company Storck) is trying to get itself into the world of chocolates... unfortunately they don't belong there.The milk chocolate portion of this candy is made with artificial flavoring, hints why it doesn't taste all that good. It has good mouth feel and has a smooth creaminess to it, but the taste is less then desirable.The caramel taste that you get is... well the best I can describe it is "off". It kinda tastes like caramel, but it doesn't. Maybe because it too has artificial flavoring added to it. Sad really.If you are not a chocoholic, then you might find these palatable. I on the other hand can't see myself finishing another piece of this drab abomination of a so called "chocolate"."Rich Milk Chocolate Marbled with Smooth, Creamy Caramel in Fine European Tradition"... seriously, fine European tradition? I know Europe has done some odd things, but making a chocolate that tastes like this? I don't think so.Pros:Kinda tastes like chocolate, might be a good treat to give a kid who doesn't care what they eat.Cons:Taste.Artificial flavoring.Price.
I am a big fan of Werther's Original, so I loved the idea of merging the delicious Werther's caramel with chocolate.  Like another reviewer, I expected more of a caramel presence.  However, when I realized that caramel was swirled with milk chocolate in a bite-size (38 gram, individually wrapped in foil) piece, I still hoped for something good.Upon eating the first piece, something seemed wrong.  The slightly plastic-like aftertaste reminded me of those big blocks of chocolate often used for dipping.  So I took a closer look at the ingredients and compared them with two other bite-size chocolates I had around the house - Hershey's Bliss and Dove dark with almonds.All three products list chocolate as the first ingredient.  But only Werther's doesn't include chocolate among the ingredients of the milk chocolate.  The Werther's milk chocolate is made from Sugar, cocoa butter, cream powder, cocoa liquor, whole milk powder, butter fat, artificial flavor and emulsifier soy lecithin).  Where is the chocolate?The second ingredient is white chocolate, which also seems to be made without any real chocolate (cocoa butter is the first ingredient, then sugar).  It seems the caramel swirl is really white chocolate with caramel flavor and color.Nutritionally, Werther's does worse than Hershey's and Dove - with more calories, more saturated fat, less fiber and protein and twice as much cholesterol (but slightly less carbs and sugars).  Hershey's and Dove also taste better.I imagine Werther's could come up with a great product, though this is not it.  Using quality ingredients would be a good start.
Werther's makes a variety of candies that I greatly enjoy, Riesens being one of my favorites. So I was hoping for some chocolates that would really impress me...but I was greatly underwhelmed by these. The individually wrapped chocolate are a thin, oval shape and the wrapping is very pretty. So score one point there. But the chocolate inside? Decidedly boring. It appears to be a swirl of chocolate and caramel, but I got very little good flavor of either when eating these. I love good chocolate and these would rank low in that area. There's at least some caramel flavor, but having it just swirled into the chocolate you lose one of the primary delights of caramel, the gooey, runny goodness. Compared to other type of caramel chocolates (like Cadbury for instance), this comes out WAY lower in both quality of chocolate and caramel experience.
First off, let me say that I am by no means a chocolate expert. Plus, I don't typically crave chocolate. However, I certainly do appreciate good tasting chocolate. So.. please take this review with a grain of salt. =)The first thing that stood out was a kind of plastic-ky aftertaste? It may be just my taste buds, but it tastes reminiscence of the ultra cheap chocolate that you can get for a little change.All in all, there is nothing special about this chocolate. Takes like your regular dove chocolate (or slightly worse). Almost everything about this chocolate is average. I passed a couple to my girlfriend (who is a real chocolate lover) and she said she liked it, but when I asked her if it was better than dove or the other regular chocolate brands, she said no. My sentiments exactly!Other small nitpicks, the package is not resealable, furthermore, and the individual wrappings is aluminum wrapping (like your Hershey Kisses), and thus is not air-proof. I guess once you open the bag, they want you to finish the whole bag in a sitting?...It's a decent sized bag... "yummmmmm..". To add to this further, the aluminium wrapping doesn't quite close all the way round the chocolate piece for about 1 out of 5-10 pieces, ie those have chocolate exposed to the environment.
I'll confess that I am not a connoisseur of fine chocolates. In fact, I'd rather have a Kit Kat bar then a box of See's candy (well, except for maybe the Victoria toffee). But the Werther's caramel chocolates are just... well, to put it bluntly, I think that they're gross. The caramel is overpowering and the chocolate so barely there to the point where I had a yucky aftertaste of milk in my mouth that lingers.Even the smell of the chocolates is overpowering and a bit of a turn off. I broght them to work to put in a candy jar and had to take them down the hall to the break room because of the off-putting scent.Yeah... I'll stick with Hershey's!
Werther's Original is a brand best known for their butterscotch toffees and hard candies.  They are making a go into the chocolate market combining their trademark "caramelt" in a chocolate swirl. It wasn't a hit for me.Chocolate and caramel is usually a good combination, but this just didn't work.  I'm not a fan of cheap chocolates in general, being of the opinion that if you are going to indulge and take in some yummy fat, you might as well do it with quality.  The blending isn't too good, and I got a much stronger caramel taste than chocolate.  There is also the nasty sugar aftertaste left by cheap chocolates, where they pump up the sweetness to mask the lack of cocoa.  I don't know how much actual chocolate made it into this candy (it doesn't say on the ingredients), but it seems to be mainly milk, butter and chemicals.On the plus side, you get quite a few in the bag, and they are attractive looking.  They are about the size of two quarters, and wrapped in gold foil.  However, they taste pretty bad, and after sampling a few the remainder of the bag wound up in the break room at work.  Definitely not something I would pick up again.
But it could really use some more carbonation. A bit more fizz might take the overpoweringly cloying taste down a notch, and make it more palatable. As it stands, it's far too sweet and leaves a strong syrupy aftertaste that burns your throat and makes you thirsty. It's a very small can, but I could barely get through half of it before I was reaching for the water. On the plus side, it does actually taste of black cherry.
Right off the bat, know that Switch isn't your traditional soda. There's no added sugar, no corn syrup, and no preservatives. It's carbonated but is all natural and is 100% juice. So while it's just juice (with Vitamin C, by the way), it still has that poppy bite to it because of the carbonation.Prior to trying this, I enjoyed both thekiwi berryandwatermelon strawberryflavors. Those were good on their own and decent with a pastry, but black cherry is a different case. First of all, it smells like grape, perhaps white grape. Secondly, it tastes like a flat cherry soda or a carbonated cough medicine. And honestly, I taste a hint tomato soup in there. Try it for yourself! It's an OK flavor, but not as great as I expected. But the can is cool - it's like an energy drink can and thin for easy handling.
I was expecting a cross between soda and juice with this.  Turns out that it tastes just like apple juice.  There is no soda fizz and there isn't really any cherry flavor.  It isn't bad tasting ... but isn't anything special and I wouldn't buy it in mass.
Fruit juice plus carbonation.....I thought it sounded strange...I was right. It was like a fizzy juice box in a can. If you don't like a very strong fruit juice, you may like this more than I did. I like my juice to give me a little more kick. So, I thought I would add vodka....a shot of Belvedere can fix just about anything. WRONG. Do not buy this juice as a drink mixer. I struggled with myself over forcing it down or pouring it down the drain. I drank most of it, because I love vodka, but I do not love black cherry Switch.
That's what I would've called it.Anyways, there's not much to describe as it tastes exactly like you are probably imagining.  Cherry flavored juice with added carbonation.  I admit I was curious to see what 100% carbonated juice would taste like as opposed to something like a lemon-lime soda that contains almost all water and almost no juice.  My first impression is that they made a good decision in keeping the carbonation lighter than the average soda (still enough for a belch or two).  My second impression is 100% juice just doesn't taste good carbonated.  I think I would have preferred the juice just by itself.  Finally, at approximately one dollar per can I would most likely skip this for a sixteen ounce bottle of juice at roughly the same price if I were in the grocery aisle.
This was the healthiest thing since, well, fruit. One can contains a whopping 33 sugar grams and 35 carbs. While it may be "natural", be careful how much you drink! As far as taste, it was just OK. It tasted like bubbly apple juice, even though it said "black cherry" right on the can the taste was just plain ol' apple juice!
Is not bad but is not that good neither, for me it taste like a cherry juice, the taste of the black cherry is strong very strong sometimes taste like fermented cherry I didn't like the flavor.
This is carbonated juice.  I love cherries, so I was excited to receive this product.  The taste is only fair.  I think it is something that a kid would like.  The cherry taste is more of a juice mixture taste, not a pure cherry flavor.  The good news is that this drink has no artificial sweeteners or added sugar.  A healthy alternative for those who would like a soda/carbonated beverage.  I would prefer soda water with lemon or lime over this drink.
I reviewed the watermelon flavor of this drink as well, and found it ok. I'd use that one as a mixer, but probably not drink on its own.As for the cherry flavor - don't like it. I'll admit that I usually don't like cherry flavored things, but black cherry (like this drink) is usually OK. I also like cherry soda, so I figured this would be ok.Well, unlike Chery Coke or something similar, this is JUST the cherry flavor (duh to me) and not the coke, so I don't like it. Too cherry for me. I also gave it to my husband to try - he is a soda drinker and does like cherry. He said he didn't think it was carbonated enough. He was also confused if it was supposed to be an energy drink or not, probably because of the small can size. He said for en energy drink not bad, but for a soda not great (funny how energy drinks get a free pas on tasting bad).Neither of us finished it.So conclusion - if you really like cherry flavor, you'll probably like it. If you don't, you won't.
Very sweet, limited carbonation, and tastes a bit like maraschino syrup used for mixed drinks. I suppose if you need to ingest 130 KCal at a throw, and don't want to drink a beer, then this will do the trick. However, I can't say as I care for it and if I want cherries, I'll buy the fruit and eat that.
As an avid soda drinker, I know what I like. I haven't been drinking it much lately for reasons of health, so the thought of a healthier replacement is always a good thing.Well what we have here is pretty much what one expects from a carbonated juice, as that's what it is. It certainly doesn't taste anything like normal black cherry soda, a favorite flavor. If anything, it tastes more like sparkling grape juice -- but seriously, almost $1 for an 8.3oz can, in a 24 pack? It's just not worth it.I can see this working as a great substitute for soda for kids, but otherwise I don't see this particularly worth the purchase.
The Switch Black Cherry Soda packs all the benefits of a soda, without all the added sugar and preservatives.  As the packaging states, it's made from 100% juice, has 100% RDA vitamin C, has no added sugar, corn syrup, artificial colors, and is gluten free.  It is also about the size of a Red Bull (8.3 fluid ounces), which is the perfect amount for an occasional soda drinker like me.It's color does look like what cherry soda should look like - a rich burgundy color.  The amount of fizz to the pop is great, too.The one problem is the taste of the soda...instead of tasting like a sweet, refreshing soda, it tasted like carbonated medicine.  Thankfully, it's lingering medicine aftertaste went away quickly.  After trying The Switch Black Cherry, I think I'm probably going to stick with my Hansen's Black Cherry soda.  While it's not as healthy, I would rather enjoy an occasional pleasant tasting soda over a daily terrible tasting soda.  Not recommended.
While we liked another Switch flavor a great deal, this one was VERY strongly flavored, and it was overpoweringly sweet.  Everyone in my family tried it, and NO ONE liked it, although we usually like cherry flavors.  The only use I can think of this is to maybe put a bit in coke, as if it were a flavoring, and not a drink meant to be consumed on its own....if you like a cherry coke.  We didn't try that though.  In fact, we threw the majority of the one can we opened away.The carbonation level was great though, and I like the shape of the cans, the fact it is 100% juice, and the amount in each serving is perfect.
Switch is a lightly carbonated beverage that claims "100% of what you want 0% of what you don't." Unfortunately, I count calories, and I don't want 130 calories for something that tastes like a slightly fizzy apple juice drink. The flavor was supposed to be black cherry, but it tasted strongly of apple juice which makes sense since it's one of its main ingredients.I simply don't see myself "switch"-ing to this drink rather than my diet black cherry (or diet cherry cola) soda. If I want to drink a vitamin drink, then I turn to Emergen-C which is much lower in calories and packs a huge vitamin wallop. It also adds a carbonated feel to juice products when I choose one of those. So, unlike the advertising, I did not find Switch to be "the perfect balance between JUICE and CARBONATION."
Unless you like medicine, because, that's what it tasted like. I like most things and I love flavored drinks but this flavor didn't do it for me.  It reminded me of medicine I took as a child or cough medicine they have now over the counter.  As far as the product though, I like it.  The can said that it's juice and carbonated water, and I can believe that.  Get the other flavor though.
I like apple juice, but when I drink a beverage that is supposed to taste like black cherries, I want to taste black cherries!  The overriding flavor in this drink is apple juice.  If I concentrated hard enough, I could (almost) detect a faint taste of cherries; I won't buy something if I have to concentrate to detect the flavoor I want to taste.If you like apple juice more than cherries, this soft drink would be perfect for you.  It's got plenty of carbonation, and it has no added sugar or artificial sweeteners (which is why I gave it two stars).  Even without the sugar, it's plenty sweet (without being too sweet).  If you want a flavor other than apple, try the tangerine.  Of the three flavors I've tried, tangerine is the only one to actually taste like it's supposed to.
These 8.3 oz cans of Switch keep their promise. There are no added sugar, no corn syrup, and no preservatives. It is a carbonated all natural 100% juice. Like most of these `juices drinks' the ingredients state 100% Juice in this order; Filtered Sparkling Water Sufficient to Reconstitute Juice Concentrates, (Apple, Grape, Acerola, and Cherry Juice Concentrates), Natural Flavors, Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C). I was surprised to see Cherry as the last listed juice concentrate. Each can has 130 calories, 15mg of sodium, 35g of carbohydrates, 33g of sugar and 100% of RDA of Vitamin C. This sparkling juice tasted good as you drank it, has an identifiable taste of cherry, but it has a very unpleasant after taste. This after taste is enough for me to not want to try this again. I did enjoy theThe Switch Kiwi Berry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)flavor.
This is my second try of a Switch beverage, and while I wasn't overwhelmed by the other (Watermelon/Strawberry), it wasn't bad (tasted a lot like carbonated apple juice to me). This time, while I can say that the Switch Black Cherry doesn't taste like mere apple juice (there is a tart, berry/cherry flavor), it is far, far too sweet. I took my first swallow out of the can and was just completely turned-off by just how sweet the beverage actually is. Served over ice and allowed to sit for a minute made it a good bit more tolerable, but when I grab something to drink, I want to drink it right then, not 5 minutes or so later. It doesn't taste bad, mind you, it's just way too sweet, almost overpoweringly so. A quick glance at the can says it all...33 grams of sugar...6 more than the same serving size of Coca-Cola. Needless to say, if you're looking for a healthy alternative to soda, this isn't the place to look (especially since there's really very little nutritional value to be found here).I just don't see what the market for this is. Are people crying out for carbonated juice beverages? Is this being aimed at the energy drink crowd (same 8.3 ounce size as Red Bull after all)? Does anyone actually think this is much better for you than a Coke? It's not bad, but I wouldn't pay for it, and I sure don't see much of a market for it. Maybe if they add some caffeine to the mix...
Very sweet, very expensive, full of sugar despite the misleading hype on the can.  The cherry flavor is pretty good if you like the taste of marachino cherry juice (you know: like drinking the juice out of a jar of marachino cherries) I would only buy this if it were DRASTICALLY reduced in price and then use it as a flavoring in other drinks or recipies where some marachino cherry juice and carbonation might add something.
This beverage reminded me a lot of Jones Black Cherry except it doesn't feel as "syrupy" and it was a little more sweet.  (But not in a good way.)When the package arrived I happened to be very thirsty, so I opened it right up and drank it without chilling.It tasted pretty good until the after taste hit me.  For a drink that advertises to be 100% juice it has more of an artificial after taste then I think it should have.  The taste reminds me of children's chewable vitamins.In general I would suggest mixing up your own version of this by combining juice or juice syrup with soda water.  Not as convenient, but probably more refreshing.
The Switch products want you to believe that they are healthy and better for you than a diet soda, or most other such drinks. While it is true that they are better for you than a can of soda, they are not really as healthy for you as a bottle of cold water. The Black Cherry flavor is good, and is not as sweet tasting as simular flavors of this drink.
This drink is basically lightly carbonated fruit juice. It has a strong berry flavor that's not bad although it's not good enough for me to actually seek out. I'll take a pass.
I did not find this drink anything special in terms of taste; the black cherry juice infused with carbonation gave an odd taste. Black Cherries are not favorite fruit; however I tried this drink but did not make any positive impression on me. The juice is quite acidic and you don't feel that there is 100% fruit juice. The drink comes in cans rather than glass bottle which would have helped the drink maintain the juicy taste longer. It does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free, no sugar and no artificial flavors. This drink doesn't have any special features and it doesn't stand out well in a market crowded with many drinks.1.Minute Maid Mixed Berry Juice, 24 - 10 fl oz Bottles, 240 fl oz2. Cal Valls Certified Organic Juices - Clementine (24 fluid ounce) by igourmet.com3.Tang Sugar Free Orange Drink Mix, 1.8-Ounce Units (Pack of 6)4.Crystal Light Classic Orange, 2.5-Ounce Unit (Pack of 6)5.Nesbitts of California Variety Pack of 12
Switch Black Cherry soda had sort of a strange aftertaste to me. Perhaps it was because the soda is sweetened with fruit rather than sugar, or perhaps it was what I ate for lunch, but the flavor didn't excite me.I would say this is a pretty average tasting drink. I'm not a big fan of carbonated drinks as they are pretty harsh on your stomach, so I'd shy away from recommending this one.
Black Cherry Switch is 100% juice (a mixture of juices actually, but more on that later) combined with filtered sparkling water.  It has no sugar added or corn syrup, no artificial colors or preservatives--these are all positive attributes.I think the concept of combining fruit juice and carbonation in a small-shot serving (8.3 ounces in a slim can) is just fine.  My problem with Black Cherry Switch in particular (the only flavor I have tried) is that cherry juice is listed fourth out of four juices this beverage contains (the other three are apple, grape and acerola juices).  As a result, the cherry flavor ends up battling (and getting trounced by) these other flavors.  The end result was, for me, inadequate cherry flavor.Will I run out to buy more Black Cherry Switch?  No.  Even though the beverage was refreshing, the cherry flavor was too muddled by other juices and too low in the ingredients list to give me the punch of black cherry flavor that I expected and wanted.Would I buy more Black Cherry Switch if it had a more distinct cherry taste?  Yes, it is highly likely that I would buy it at least occasionally.
The carbonation is there, but the flavor tasted watered down to me, and at 130 calories per can, a soft drink would taste a lot better.  It is pretty expensive also, or I might consider it as a mixer, which of course defeats the purpose of it being healthy.  All in all, it is rather disappointing.
I love cherry cola, and generally anything cherry, and I like most anything carbonated.  However, the drink was not the really the dream combination I would have guessed.  I appreciate that it's all natural, 100% juice, with all your day's vitamin C---lots of good reasons to drink it.  However, the taste is not one, for me anyway.  It tasted like a very sweet juice, not really a heavy cherry flavor, sort of just a general red juice type flavor you can get by sipping juice boxes!  The carbonation was very light, almost not noticable.  The can is SMALL, 8.3oz, and I can't imagine it really being enough for most adults to totally quench their thirst.  For almost a dollar a can, you would expect more---in terms of gourmet type taste, amount of product and in general, something more special!
Switch is a tangy drink that's more reminiscent of Sprite than Orange Juice. It's carbonated all the way and you will even burp after it as you would've after consuming any soft drink. The drink doesn't feel sugary, but a quick glance at the nutritional facts reveals that each can contains 34 grams of sugar. The claim on the can is that there are no additional sugars added, so I'm assuming that's the sugar from the orange and tangerine. The can
The product may be every bit as healthy as they claim, but even if that's true, I could barley get down one can of this stuff.  It tastes like sour orange juice with some carbonation in it.  It doesn't taste anything like orange soda, and the taste it does have isn't very pleasant.  Also leaves a very nasty aftertaste, and like many sodas, this will leave you more thirsty than when you started drinking.  All in all, I cannot recommend this.  Stay away.
Switch Orange/Tangerine is billed as the natural alternative to sodas and/or artificially-sweetened juice drinks.  However, I found it to be pretty ordinary.First the good stuff: It is 100% Orange & Tangerine juice, has no sweetners, is 100% natural, has 100% of your daily allowance of Vitamin C, and has a nice carbonation tang to it.  If you are health conscious and want to drink something like a soda w/o actually drinking a soda, this would probably be right down your alley.However, I found the taste to be somewhat... odd.  I could definitely taste the tangerine in it mixed with the orange, but the combination of the two or the bottling or something gives this Switch a taste akin to eating an orange that is ALMOST too ripe.  You know that kind of fermented taste of an orange that you need to eat NOW because by tomorrow you'll need to put out for the birds?  Not exactly something that I'd look forward to drinking.So for me, although this was somewhat good, its not exactly something I would get again.  I'm not really a health nut so if I wanted an orange soda, I'd just go out and get an Orange Crush.
While orange juice is the fourth ingredient in this drink,  the dominant flavor is a muddy orange which is backed up by a low level of carbonation.  I think that the use of the inexpensive apple and white grape juices as the first two ingredients (tangerine is third) is what results in the unpleasant muddied orange taste. Finally they threw in a bit of acerola juice but to no avail.  To my taste this stuff is suprisingly unpalatable.While the marketing suggestion is that the natural ingredients make these juices healthy that idea is negated by the high level of completely "natural" sugar in this or most any juice.  The healthy alterative to overly sugared fruit juices is to have a glass of cold water and a piece of fresh fruit.  Fruit has less calories than juice but overall more vitamins, minerals and fiber and a variety of natural antioxidants that most likely really are good for you.
I was looking forward to tasting the Switch Orange Tangerine drink since orange and tangerine flavors are two of my favorite but I was disappointed in the result.It was tangy. It tasted of ascorbic acid. It smelled of orange candy. It reminded me of breakfast. It reminded me of, yes, powdered Tang mixed with carbonated water followed by a strong unpleasant artificial aftertaste.  I found the the drink to be, simply, not very good.I tried to like the beverage and I did appreciate the concept but considering the unusual flavors, high calorie count of 140 cals/8.5 oz, and cost of almost a dollar/serving -- I cannot recommend Switch.
I was anxious to try this, but upon the first sip it was apparent to me that this drink was not going to go well for me.  It has a very sharp/harsh citrus-y metallic flavor and combined with the overwhelming sweetness, the two seem to battle it out in my mouth for dominance.  After awhile it seemed like the drink was going down more like syrup more than a carbonated beverage.The can is small at 8.3 oz (a regular sized pop can is 12 oz) and the cost of these little guys seem a little bit astronomical.I also am a bit dubious of its attempts to seem like a healthy alternative to pop.  It still has loads of sugar in it.  So when they claim "no additional sugar" this may lead you to believe no sugar or low sugar... but it does in fact have 34 grams.
I'm a fan of all-natural anything, especially when it's a tasty and healthy alternative to something I've enjoyed my whole life, but I know is 'bad' for me.Regular soda is one of those 'bad' things.  Loaded with artificial colors, sweeteners, corn syrup...yuck.  Hardly seems worth the risk when I'm also getting 150 empty calories on average.And now Switch has come along.  True to its claim, there's nothing artificial in it.  Just juice, sparkling water and other 'all natural' ingredients.That's great.So I chose this particular flavor (orange tangerine) because I wanted the strong citrus taste I love.  This drink, however, failed to meet their promise.  Yes, I can 'taste' the orangy citrus, but as much I can taste the apple and grape juices used as well.Moreover, this doesn't have that bold 'pop' to it as other carbonated beverages have.  I've had mineral water with more bite.But the worse part about this 'good for me' drink is in clocks in at 140 calories (the same as a regular can of Coke) and 36gcarb/34g sugar (compared with Coke at 39/39).On the up side, it has less than half the sodium as many regular colas and does deliver 100% Vit C and 20% Vit A. But if I wanted those kind of health benefits, I'd rather take them directly from the source: an orange.Overall, the all-natural health pros of Switch Orange Tangerine, simply don't justify the high calorie and carb count.  The Switch Beverage Co. may have done better to sell sparkling water with a twist of orange peel if they wanted to provide a truly healthy alternative to traditional sodas.
This is my second can of "The Switch" that I'm reviewing under the Amazon Vine program. And while this one is perhaps a bit better it still has the same basic issues -- it's over priced at almost $1 for a mere 8.3oz can in a 24 pack, but more importantly it really just doesn't taste like orange or tangerine at all. The ingredients actually list apple juice as the first type. Now why would you put apple juice in an orange drink? Now don't get me wrong, it tastes exactly like one would expect carbonated juice to taste...but the flavor isn't all that appealing.I love orange juice, drink it every day. I'd love to try carbonated orange juice...but this is far from that. It MIGHT be a good substitute for normal soda for kids, but I can't imagine any other real reason to get this.
This had a nice citrus flavor, but it was too sweet and actually flat. I did not get any kind of fizz or sparkle. For the amount of sugar and calories, I rather would have eaten a piece of fruit and drank a glass of seltzer water - less calories and more satisfying in my mouth. I got this on GB special for about $13.52 for the case. I don't think I will purchase again.
This tastes like carbonated orange juice, very tart.  It is very expensive compared to easier-to-find similar beverages.  If one had allergies or health issues, it might be worth drinking.
I was surprised at the ingredient list and "100% natural" stamped on the side, because this drink tasted just like a compeletely artifical energy drink. This is going to be a short review for me, because I don't really have much else to say. I could barely tell it was orange, because as with energy drinks it just tastes like an amalgamation of fruits. My wife was especially confused- she gets sick at the smell of drinks like Monster, and she had the exact same reaction here.I know this isn't an energy drink, but for the life of me, I just can't reconcile the taste with the ingredients. If you're the sort of person who drinks some fresh fruit juice and thinks "I really wish this tasted more like a completely artifical enegry drink instead of natural fruit juice", then this is the product you've been dreaming of.
If you like Orange Crush you may become a fan, but it's too much of a hybrid for me. The main two ingredients are reconstituted apple and grape juices. It contains something called Acerola juice, which is high in Vitamin C (and indeed the can contains 100% of your C and 20% of your A).The sugar content is high---34 grams---which brings the carb percentage up to 12% for the day and the calorie count to 140. I think it tastes too acidic for anyone who is watching carbs and calories to be willing to "spend" them on Switch, which almost tastes like carbonated TANG.  I've tried the Ooba drinks, and they are much lighter and more refreshing. Guess I'm just not ready to make the Switch!
This drink contends to be a natural alternative to soda.  While it definitely is "natural", I would not agree with the "alternative to soda" aspect.  Specifically, the liquid is much closer in consistency to juice, and in fact, has more sugar than juice (over 30 grams per 8.3 ounces).  Sure, it's lightly carbonated, but that alone doesn't make this drink a soda.  Also, if you wanted something natural, I'd go with Hansen's sodas, or a number of natural sodas, which are definitely sodas.  This drink is basically juice with carbonation.The other notable issue I had with this was its size.  8.3 oounces doesn't get you far (3 gulps, maybe?), and coupled with the thickness of the drink (since it IS juice, with quite a bit of natural sugar), you don't get very much thirst quenching effect from this.  The 100% juice also accounts for the strong aftertaste.Finally, natural sugar is still sugar, and has just as many calories.  This stuff wouldn't make the cut in most school vending policies, with its high sugar content.  And I wouldn't give this to my kids.  Instead, a couple of CapriSun Roaring Waters juice pouches (which each have about 1/4 the amount of sugar) would do the trick for them.Not recommended, sorry.
I did not find this drink anything special in terms of taste; it is orange juice infused with carbonation. The juice is quite acidic and you don't feel that there is 100% fruit juice. The drink comes in cans rather than glass bottle which would have helped the drink maintain the juicy taste longer. It does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free, no sugar and no artificial flavors. This drink doesn't have any special features and it doesn't stand out well in a market crowded with many drinks.1.IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, Pomegranate, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)2.Minute Maid Mixed Berry Juice, 24 - 10 fl oz Bottles, 240 fl oz3. Cal Valls Certified Organic Juices - Clementine (24 fluid ounce) by igourmet.com
well, my husband, myself and my 12 year old son sampled this drink. My husband hated it. I felt like it was OK, but nothing to write home about. The taste to me was too orangey and for a "natural" product it sure didn't taste like one. My 12 year old liked it. He also likes gummy worms and sour straws, so you can take his review for what it is.I personally wouldn't buy this product.2 stars
On the face of it, THE SWITCH Orange Tangerine beverage sounds quite good. It's a mix of concentrated fruit juices with mildly carbonated water. No added sugar, preservatives or caffeine are there to annoy the health-conscious. You get 140 calories from one 8.3 ounce can. (Probably too small a serving for most people.) There are small portions of natural flavor and coloring, gum acacia, ascorbic acid (i.e., Vitamin C) and soy. In case quantities, it's priced at under a dollar per can. Sounds pretty decent, right?The trouble is: it just doesn't taste that good to me. There is a vaguely unpleasant metallic quality to this stuff that I can't imagine many people warming up to. Perhaps the juice has reacted with the aluminum of the can. Perhaps my can had been sitting on the shelf for too long. Perhaps the acerola juice in the mix is an acquired taste; it's something I haven't tried before. Perhaps I got a bum can. Perhaps THE SWITCH just plain sucks. I really don't know, but I do know that I won't be drinking any more of it in the near future.
My daughter & I were excited about trying this flavor as we both love orange juice.  This product did not impress us enough to order it as we liked other flavors more. My son also tried it and didn't care for it. The orange tangerine flavors are masked by the other fruit juices and makes it taste odd.  I like the fact that has added Vitamin C and is a healthy alternative to sodas but the flavor on this one needs tweaking.
This drink is very, very sweet, and only mildly carbonated.I don't drink soda, but i do occasionally like bubbles in my drinks. I had some hope that Switch would be a nice bubbly fruit drink to fill this need, but it's not. The ingredients may be all-natural, but it's still syrupy, and has an odd aftertaste that i think is from the added vitamin C.For regular soda drinkers, the sweetness may not be as offensive, but for anyone expecting something that tastes like sparkling fruit juice, this will be a disappointment. I'd still choose this over an orange soda, but i'd choose to have nothing at all rather than this.Also, note that the cans are only 8.3 ounces each, smaller than normal 12oz soda cans.
The only way we could make Switch Orange-Tangerine drinkable was mixing 50/50 with club soda. It was just way too sweet. It then tasted good, but Orangina and San Pelligrino both have awesome Orange flavored sodas out there with no need to mix! And surprisingly, imported San Pelligrino comes out to be cheaper because the cans are larger (11.3 oz. as opposed to 8 oz).
The Switch Orange Tangerine sounded delicious when I ordered it. I thought it would be very refreshing on these hot summer days. And it would be if the taste were better. Perhaps the other flavors might be better but the orange tangerine had a bad aftertaste. Stick with the real juice if you want that flavor. The sparkling juice idea is good, I liked the carbonation as it was refreshing.But the biggest drawback for me is the sugar. There was 34g of sugar in that little 8 oz. can. There is 40g in a 12 oz. can of Dr. Pepper. Way too much sugar.The other drawback for me is the price. I wouldn't buy it because it works out to be almost a dollar a can. If I'm going to pay that much, I would rather buy the regular juice (real, not reconstituted) in the store.
I have reviewed three different flavors of Switch. This one, theThe Switch Watermelon Strawberry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)and theThe Switch Black Cherry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24).Of the three flavors by favorite, by far, is the Black Cherry. It had a much more mild taste and didn't seem nearly as sweet as this one. If you like a lot of kick in your juice, and an almost over powering flavor this one may be for you. However, that is not what I was looking for.I much prefer the Black Cherry over the other two.
I have tried and enjoyed The Switch black cherry flavor, but their kiwi-strawberry left a lot to be desired.  To my palate, the flavor seemed a mix of floral and medicine-y, not very pleasant.  I appreciate the fact that they are trying to push a healthy alternative to soda (basically carbonated water and fruit juice), but they need to get the flavor right.
The initial taste does hint of something, but then the apple and grape juice filler comes to fore and dominates the after- taste.  Comparing this to the Black Cherry drink, Kiwi Berry has a better taste and after taste.  However, if you would have told me that this was the Black Cherry flavor, I would have thought that to be true.  I could not note any significant difference between flavors.  The carbonation offers no benefit in the taste or feel category.  The price is high - about $1 per 8 oz can.  If I want juice, I'll stick with real juice without the carbonation.
This is the second flavor of Switch I've had and it was... not terribly pleasant. First off, it seemed rather syrupy, but then I realized that's just because the sweetness factor is, apparently, set to eleven. It wasn't actually a struggle to finish it, but it was so cloyingly sweet it makes the average episode of "Full House" look like sour, cynical crap. It made me want to reach for insulin, though I don't take any.I suppose this might be a good drink for young children who don't have well-developed palettes, but if you're past the age of, say, nine, this probably isn't the drink for you.
While the taste of this "carbonated juice", as the manufacturer puts it, is good, there isn't much else to say for this beverage.  One can has 8.3 ounces, which is a bit less than most Americans are used to for a canned drink, but would be a good serving size for kids.  It does have 135 calories, which is a lot, when I could just drink a diet cola for either no calories or one calorie.  Sure, there would be a lot more unnatural additives, but this drink isn't even organic, which many others on the market are.  If I were to spend more money on a healthy and tasty beverage, this would not be my choice.
Overly sweet w/ a slight fizzy touch on the tongue. My husband and 4 year old appeared to like it, but overall I could barely take a couple of gulps.It reminded me too much like candy.I would not recommend this item personally, but some may find the drink enjoyable w/ the combination of juice and carbonate.
This drink left me thirsty, which isn't good when said drink is supposed to quench your thirst.  It's bottle is appetizing, though I found the drink took very little time to finish.  When it comes to taste, it was lacking.  Either the mixture of the Kiwi and Berry was off or something because it reminded me far more of an energy drink than a juice drink.  To its benefit, there was no icky after taste.I will not be 'switch'ing anytime soon to this drink, but recommend giving it a try, as all our taste buds are different.  Maybe you'll like it.  It just wasn't my cup of tea.
I thought this taste good, till about 20 mins after drinking some of the can.Then It kept coming up (burping) yuck!I usually do not burp up my food.I also did not find this very refreshing.With that said, I'm not a soda drinker. I drink allot of water, which does not have 135 Calories for 8.3 oz.It says, No surgar added, No preservatives..Believe me, it does not need anymore of a sugar taste..33 Gr. of natural sugar!If your a soda drinker etc. you might find this a better choice.
As part of the line of Switch products, Switch Kiwi Berry offers a (slightly) healthier alternative to carbonated soda.  The product is 100% juice, though the majority of the contents are neither kiwi fruit or "berry":Ingredients: 100% Juice (Filtered Sparkling Water Sufficient to Reconstitute Juice Concentrates, Apple, Grape, Kiwi, Acerola, Raspberry and Strawberry Juice Concentrates), Natural Flavors, Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C).Unfortunately, the mix of kiwi and berry flavors in this concoction just does not work for me.  The added kiwi flavor, in particular, imparts a odd sour aftertaste that I just could not get used to.  My children each tried a sip, and for them as well the opinion was mixed.I was pleasantly surprised by the Switch Black Cherry (even though the cherry flavor was a bit weak), but I can't be very enthusiastic about this flavor.
I like the concept of these natural, carbonated juice beverages and I really liked the black cherry flavor.  But the Kiwi Berry flavor was too sweet for me.  While the ingredients are only juice and carbonated water, I think that not enough water was added to reconstitute the juice to a good balance.  With 33 grams of sugar in the 8.3 ounce bottle, despite being natural, there is still a lot of sweetness here.
The product description says it's "just juice, bubbles and Vitamin C." Doesn't that sound good? I decided to try the Kiwi-Berry flavor, but anyone reading this review should know that The Switch is not the sort of product I buy, and my opinion may be influenced by that fact.The good points: It's got a nice gentle fizz. And yes, it's juice, made from concentrates. Sparkling water and apple and grape juice concentrates head the list of ingredients. All natural, which presumably makes it healthier than soda. No added sugar (BUT see below, how could they possibly add any more?) And it's fortified with 100% of the Daily Value of Vitamin C. Not being clear about the term Daily Value (DV), I looked it up and found that it's a dietary reference including -- well, let's just say that it includes the information formerly given by the U.S. RDA (Recommended Daily Allowance) but you have to do some math.The not-so-good points: Sugar, 33 grams. Carbs, 34 grams. Calories, 135. All that packed into a slim 8 ounce can, not really enough of it to quench much of a thirst. No taste of kiwifruit that I could notice. Not a crisp natural taste, and way too sweet for me. I had to dilute the last third of it with water.I didn't fall in love with The Switch and won't be switching to it. It may have a place as an energy drink, but that's too much sugar for children or for anyone, really. Do yourself a favor: eat an orange and drink a glass of cold filtered water. You'll enjoy it more and your body will thank you.Linda Bulger, 2009
The logo says "100% of what you want.  0% of what you don't want".  Well, I guess it is who you are talking too.  Even though the Kiwi Berry drink says 100% juice and 0% added sugar it is way too sweet.  The drink is refreshing but if you are thristy this 8.3oz can won't be enough.  The cost is too way expensive to enjoy this drink on a regular basis.  The cute can and unique drink combination doesn't make up for the sweet/tart taste, small skinny can and high price.  Save your money, drink water.
My husband thought this was alright, but I just couldn't get myself to drink more than a few sips. Let me also add that I am not a soda drinker so this may be a great alternative for someone who is(hence the two stars), but this is an opinion from a non-soda drinker.I had a hard time tasting anything close to Kiwi or berry. It was more cherry or ?? to me. I would've liked a little more fizz to it, I consider it just lightly carbonated. Also, I cannot imagine consuming 33grams of sugar in just over 8oz, it tasted WAY to sweet for me.It kind of bothers me to see 'natural flavors' listed in the ingredients too...like what type of 'natural flavors'??? I would've hoped all the mixed fruit juices would've been enough...
My family and I sampled two flavors of Switch -- Kiwi Berry and Watermelon Strawberry.  Though neither is something we'd want to purchase, Kiwi Berry was the least desirable of the two.  It tasted like it had way too much sugar, even though the can claims to have no sugar added.  The strawberry flavor was predominant, overwhelming the kiwi almost entirely.  In all, it tasted like strawberry candy.  Even worse -- it had a kind of chemical-y bitterness to it.  If you want a fruity beverage that tastes a lot like candy, go ahead and try Switch.  But if not -- avoid this.  I would especially not want to buy this flavor.  There are better ways to get my daily Vitamin C fix.
I can't figure out why anyone would want to drink this stuff!? The can is 1/3 less in size than a regular can of soda, it's got more sugar and more calories and it doesn't taste very good. It's also a bit expensive for what your getting.......need I say more?......I think not!
The Switch Kiwi Berry carbonated fruit juice tasted good, but it was too sweet and had too many calories for my liking. I could drink a regular can of soda. Going forward, I probably would not buy this beverage because I do not like to drink that many calories (135) or sugar (33 grams) in one sitting.
I didn't care for Kiwi Berry Switch. It was very sweet and not refreshing at all. Also, at 135 calories in an 8.3 ounce can, it actually contains a lot more calories than regular soda. I know it is all natural and doesn't have HFC (High Fructose Corn Syrup), and I appreciate that, but it also doesn't have much actual kiwi or berry juices. The drink is VERY sweet, but sweeter than 100% fruit juice, sweeter even than your average can of soda. I can't say I would ever buy this product or recommend it to anyone else. There are better natural sodas on the market, as well as better 100% natural juices.
Since I love both strawberries and kiwis, I thought this one would be perfect for me. Well, I was wrong. It basically tastes like bubbly fruit punch, not exactly strawberry kiwi. Looking at the ingredients list, it shouldn't surprise.... it's a mixture of fruits, kiwi and strawberry being on the bottom of the list.I do recommend the cherry Switch drink, but that's the only one out of three that I liked.
I'm sitting here, (Switch) drink in hand, trying to decide how to describe the Switch Kiwi Berry. It's lightly carbonated, which I like but too sweet for my taste (think strawberry candy). The mouth feel is quite round and it has some body too it. It's made from juice concentrates and carbonated water and there are 135 calories of sugar in the small 8 oz can. I wouldn't call it a healthy beverage and whether it's natural or not doesn't matter to me.
This product is labeled "100% of what you want". But one look at the nutrition facts and you may not agree. While it contains 100% juice and vitamin C, no preservatives or sugar, it contains 135 calories, 15 mg of sodium, and a whopping 34 grams of carbohydrates. All this in a tiny 8.3 oz can! I also thought it was too sweet for my tastes, but I normally drink a diet carbonated beverage, so the sweetness did jump out at me. Just okay. I won't add this to my shopping list.
Way too heavy on carbonation. What flavors were there were too weak to detect. Sorry, but I won't be buying this one.
As the title says I'm not a fan of fizzy water and that taste definitely comes through in this drink. The 'tang' of this product assaults your mouth right from the first sip.  It smelled nice. But really it was just so sweet and carbonated that the experience was not enjoyable.  There no discernable taste of kiwi or strawberry, just a blast of sugar and bubbles. The 3 people under 11 in our familiy loved it but - as we knew they would.No thanks.
This has more calories than a regular coke. Even though it says 100% pure juice and no sugar/syrup added, it still tastes so sweet that I couldn't even finish one can.If this weren't so sugary tasting, I'd like it much more. Flavor-wise it's not bad, though. Maybe it's only fruit sugar and supposedly fruit sugar isn't as bad for the health, but still... way too sweet for something that's supposed to be "healthy."Maybe little kids would like it as a treat. Probably beats having candy.
This product label says that it is "the perfect balance between juice and carbonation", but I think the maunfacturer still needs to reduce the carbonation further. Also, I tried a couple of other flavors beside this kiwi/berry, and they are all mostly apple, grape, and acerola with a hint of other things. This particular item is called "Kiwi Berry", but there is NO kiwi fruit even listed on the ingredient panel. It is true that no corn syrup has been added, but there are still high sugars. For only 8.3 ounces of liquid, we are drinking 135 empty calories;however, this is a high level of vitamin C. Also, children will probably like these really sweet flavors, so this could be an alternative to offer the little ones.
I was hoping for actual juice. A kiwi and strawberry combination is one of those combinations that I usually love. In fact if you combine strawberry with anything I'm usually game (steak, chocolate, banana, etc.) and this COULD be a good drink. However, it's in the fizzy drink school of beverages and as a fizzy drink, I can't stand it.Granted, I was never too fond of the fizzy drinks in the first place. The orange drinks were always a bad second to actual orange juice. Not that I don't love pop, but I really can't get behind a bad orange juice pop.So at first taste, this is rather sweet. But then it goes down and its too sweet. And fizzy. The fizzy and the sweet combine and you are drinking candy. Not that pop is anything but candy, but there's candy and there's candy and this is the hard candy that your grandmother gives you to suck on to shut you up for a few hours.Not very good.
I really enjoyed the taste of this product. It neither seemed too "berry" or too "kiwi" -- it was a nice balance. I would compare this to a strongly-flavored carbonated water product. The flavor is clean and crisp, and not overpowering.The product provides 100% of vitamin C -- a definite plus. However, the product has 34g of carbs, 33g of which are sugars. Granted, these are not processed sugars and are only natural sugars from the fruit juices the product contains. However, this results in a product that has 135 calories in an 8.3-ounce can. This results in a poor substitute for soda.It's an all-natural product, and tastes great, but has entirely too many calories for such a small serving.
First off, ordered 2 different types of these Switch drinks and they all literally have the same ingredients, albeit 1 or 2 slight differences. They both begin with : 'Filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates'... What? Not to mention, the first 2 main ingredients are apple and grape-both not the 'flavour' I ordered. Anyway, I rarely read labels to begin with, but for something supposedly 100% juice, I was curious...Ok, now for the taste, or lack thereof. It was slightly fizzy, nothing like full-blown soda, but jeez was it sweet. Like, nasty mediciny sweet. I could not finish the can. I couldn't even taste what flavour it was suppose to be. That's all there is to it. I am giving it 2 stars because it supposedly has 100% Vitamin C, which is a pretty much the only redeaming quality to this not juice but not soda type drink.
This soda just did not appeal to me it had a very different taste than soda, (that is probably because I have never a Kiwi Berry Soda before), and it was really over sugared.  The carbanation level of the drink is low.  I think I was expecting this soda to be somewhere inline with Jones Soda.  This would certainly not be an item I would want to purchase again.
We got this in the mail and were eager to try it.  I am a huge fan of Izze Sparkling Juice and figured this would be similar to that.  It was in regards to taste, however.....well, let me break it down.TASTE: I would give it a four!  It had a slight kick to it, that I love.  A little bit of a bitter taste, which my two older boys seemed to like as well.  In fact my 13 year old was bummed when I said we had finished the can.  My husband enjoyed it as well, though I don't see this replacing his daily Dr. Pepper anytime soon.BENEFIT: It is 100% all natural juice, and it has 100% of your DV of Vitamin C.  Certainly a bit better for you than your traditional soda, but it has just as many calories as a LARGER can of Dr. pepper!  So, i fyou are like me and have maybe one carbonated beverage a day, calorie wise you aren't doing yourself any favors by switching to this.  I will stick with my Izze Blackberry.  3 stars.VALUE: 1 1/2 stars, MAYBE 2.  You get 24 8 oz cans for 23 dollars.  Hardly a bargain in today's economic climate.  I like to treat myself occasionally, and a sweet treat is certainly one way I often do that, but 23 dollars for 24 cans of this!  Nope, no way, not happening.Bottom line:  It was tasty, and we enjoyed it, but this isn't something I can see myself buying for my large family.  The benefits just aren't there, not when I can get 100% real fruit juice at the store for 3 dollars a gallon, and add a bit of soda water myself for another buck, if that.  Save your money
I tried this The Switch Watermelon Strawberry, along with the Black Cherry flavor.FLAVOR:The beverage was sweet, and while not overly sweet, I couldn't help thinking how it reminded me of what cold Robitussin might taste like.  It has a fruit flavor, but I really didn't care for it at all.  Our family drinks a lot of fruit juices and some fruit drinks, so I am OK with strawberry and watermelon fruit flavors, but this one was not that good.INGREDIENTS:The Switch is advertised as 100% juice.  It is, but it is juice from concentrate.  I prefer juice squeezed from the fruit or vegetable itself.  In the case of The Switch the concentrate is filtered sparkling water.  I'm fine drinking concentrates and I drink soda too so I'm not being a health fanatic, but be aware if you are expecting actual juice, this product is filtered water used to reconstitute the juice concentrate.  The juices uses are grape, apple, acerola strawberry, and watermelon.  If you aren't familiar with acerola, it is a cherry like fruit, but with three lobes.  Acerola is high in Vitamin C.NUTRITION:One 8.3 ounce can of The Switch Watermelon Strawberry contains:* 140 calories* 15 mg sodium*36 g carbs (35 g sugar)So keep in mind while it has no added sugar it still has the sugar content from its ingredients.  In fact, It has over 40% more calories than a can of Coke Classic!  It does not have any corn syrup or added sugars though.It also contains 100% of the recommended level of Vitamin C.PRICE:The product costs more than soda, but the ingredients are better.  However, due to the taste, I'd almost rather drink the soda.  Price wise though, this product is comparable to other carbonated juice drinks.Overall, this is drinkable, but it didn't seem that good to me.  It wasn't bad enough to pour down the drain, but after every sip I couldn't help think "cold Robitussin"
The name of Switch Watermelon Strawberry should probably be reduced to just watermelon since I didn't detect much of a strawberry flavor. The taste that was apparent was so-so at best, but what I dislike about this drink is that it feels like I'm pouring acid into my mouth. It's too acidic by far for my taste, and the sugar could be reduced. This may be "natural," but it isn't much of an improvement over good ol' Coca Cola.Brian W. Fairbanks
Our family is addicted toIzze Sparkling Juice Variety Pack - 12/12 Oz Btlsduring the summers so we gave these a try, mostly because of the additional flavors.  Unfortunately rather than the refreshing, more understated tastes of Izzies, this soda has a more syrupy Jolly Rancher flavor.  My seven year-old gives this 5 stars, but it is a little too much for an adult palette.We still appreciate a soda replacement with no added sugar or preservatives.  It saves a little on the guilt.  We also tried Switch's Kiwi Berry which was not as sickeningly sweet for adults and still a hit with kids, but we will be getting Izzies for treats on a hot summer day.
I've tried 4 different flavors of The Switch brand beverages. This is my least favorite due to the overly sweet candy like taste. Truthfully I was only able to drink about 1/3 of the can before I had to put it down.  If they would lighten up on some up the more sugary juice and let the other flavors come through it might not be as bad, but even my kids thought this one was too sweet.  This may be considered a "healthy alternative" because it is made with fruit juice and no added sugar, but the taste says otherwise.
First and foremost I was very surprised when I saw that this was 100% natural and carbonated when I took my first sip... It was like drinking a strawberry that had about 4 times as much sugar in it than it needed! I could not taste the strawberry at all and I would not recommend this drink to anyone.
With just over a cup of beverage (8.3oz) and with 140 calories. .  .. and mostly grape and apple juice. . . .  .I just don't understand the expensive cost.  This particular flavor is tasty.  The predominate flavor is strawberry, with a hint of watermelon. If you have the $$ and you enjoy "trendy" beverages, then go for it!  :-)
Switch, watermelon/strawberry. 35g sugar in 8.3 fl oz can.11 year old tried it and said it was biting his tongue. I tried it and I know what he meant.If you ever had Fizzy pop candy, its like that. Sharp tangy. Tastes like juicy juice with a bang.With that being said some people might like those sensations, it just didn't work for us.
This isn't bad, but it's too sweet for me. I think it'd be good as a mixer of frozen drink though (or frozen drink mixer!). It is nice that it's 100% juice with vitamin C added. And if you do really like sweet drinks and things (I'm more of a bitter or sour fan), then you may love this. I'd recommend it for fans of Strawberry soda who are looking for something healthier. Unless trying it as a mixer, I wouldn't get it again.I actually ordered the Black Cherry version of this too, so we'll see if I like that better. Oh - and for the people who said it tastes like a Jolly Rancher. I think they're just being general. It tastes nothing like a watermelon Jolly Rancher. The strawberry flavor stands out more to me (is there a strawberry Jolly Rancher?).Also - weird name for a soda.
I wish I could recommend this product, but I just don't have the palate for sickeningly sweet drinks anymore. The flavor was fair, not that I could tell you what the flavor was supposed to be without looking at the can, but even my teenagers said it was too sweet. We're all pretty used to sugar-free drinks. Another reviewer gave it props for not having any refined sugars, but who cares what kind of sugars it is when it's still nothing but sugars! Even if it's fruit sugar it still has the same high calorie count and candy-like taste. And it's a tiny can for nearly a dollar! Sorry, it's not worth it. If it were good, my kids would probably drink 3 at a sitting. Imagine the expense and packaging waste!
I like the concept of these natural, carbonated juice beverages and I really liked the black cherry flavor. But among the three flavors I tried, the Watermelon Strawberry was my least favorite.  It has a very syrupy sweet taste.  Without a flavor attractive enough to make up for the calories, the carbohydrates and sugar, I'd prefer to stick with water.
Despite the claim that Switch is 100% juice, it tastes more like an artifical soft drink. The reviewer who stated that it tastes like a Jolly Rancher is spot on.There is a hint of watermelon flavor, but it is drowned out by excessive sweetness. I kept wondering where the strawberry flavor was. It never materialized. The overall flavor is one-dimensional. Reading the ingredient list clues you into the fact that it has more apple/pear/grape juice than watermelon or strawberry. That probably explains why it's rather boring tasting. At least it's a little bit bubbly.
This flavor (Watermelon-Strawberry) of the Switch carbonated juice is pleasant, but has an "interesting" after taste.  It leaves a flat feeling in the mouth. I didn't feel refreshed, it was just sort of there. I didn't think, "Oh wow this is great", it's not.  Slightly tart but not to the point of pucker. It doesn't really taste like watermelon or strawberry. Given grape and apple juice come before the listed flavors that's not surprising. The color is a pale orangey-pink sort of like watermelon but not really.  Fair at best.
The Switch is apparently supposed to be a substitute for soda, with fizz but without corn syrup or added sugar, just juice for flavoring. However, the product, billed as "Watermelon Strawberry", has 140 calories in 8 ounces--more than one would get in soda--and is in fact mostly highly caloric apple and grape juice, for the sweetness, with strawberry and watermelon later in the ingredient list. Watermelon is one of my favorite flavors and I could not detect it in this product. "Natural" is NOT everything!
Once again, in an effort to appease my hippy lady friend I tried some "all-natural" crap since my Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper didn't have enough natural ingredients.  She convinced me to buy a 24-pack of Switch Watermelon Strawberry soda, which cost me more than 5x as much money as my non-eco and non-zen-friendly Code Red.  I've purchased 24-packs of Budweiser that were cheaper and they came in 12-oz cans and not this dinky 9oz.And then there's the size issue.  Now, I'm told size doesn't matter (although, I'm convinced she lied) but I do feel like I'm coming up short when I'm faced with a 9oz as opposed to a regular 12oz.  This is especially true given the price.  It also fails to recognize my manhood, such as it is, when I'm grasping a can smaller than a Red Bull and it doesn't even give me wings.The next thing I noticed, when I opened the can, was the pleasant aroma remiscent of... Old Orchard?  I cracked open the first one while driving in my truck and my good buddy Drewfus sitting next to me took a sniff, looked over and asked, "is that a soda or are you drinking apple juice?"  The scent was that pungent.As if to add insult to injury, I took my first swig.  The first thing I noticed was the high sugar content almost akin to a Monster drink.  To confirm this, I later examined the can (before properly disposing it at the shooting range) to discover Switch had more sugar than a regular coke and nearly as much as Dr. Pepper.  This is insane as it has more sugar content than an already sugar-filled drink that has three more ounces on it.The next thing I noticed in the taste was a very familiar element.  Almost as if I had tasted this before during my sober days.  Later, I found myself drinking a generic Shasta kiwi-strawberry soda I obtained from the local grocery store (Western Family equivilent for West Coast and Sam's for you Wal-Mart shoppers) and then it hit me, it tasted just like Switch.  I quickly grabbed another Switch can and compared; the tastes were nearly identical.So, what can I possibly get out of spending as much money for a 24-pack as I would for a Blu-Ray DVD that tastes like a generic?  Maybe feel greener since I drank something that I think came from environmentally friendly alluminum similar to environmentally friendly acid from hybrid car batteries.  It still tasted nice, but I felt seriously ripped off given the price.  I certainly was motivated to get more Busch Light since I seem to get more bang for my buck that way, which says A LOT.
I really thought I'd like this product.  I love watermelon and strawberry flavors in just about anything so I figured this would be a no-brainer.  My disappointment was almost palpable and I actually had trouble finishing this drink.I'd have to say my primary impression was that I didn't really taste much watermelon or strawberry.  It's possible these two flavors just aren't meant to go together and cancel each other out.It's a little too sweet for me, although there is no added sugar.  I would have liked something with a bit more 'bite' to it.The primary juice ingredient is grape, followed by apple and acerola, then finally strawberry and watermelon (all from concentrate).  I think maybe a little less of one of the first three might have allowed more of the watermelon and/or strawberry come through.
I like apple juice, but when I drink a beverage that is supposed to taste like watermelons and strawberries, I want to taste watermelon and strawberries!  The overriding flavor in this drink is apple juice.  If I concentrated hard enough, I could (almost) detect a faint taste of watermelon, but not enough to convince me to purchase this soft drink again.If you like apple juice more than watermelons or strawberries, this soft drink would be perfect for you.  It's got plenty of carbonation, and it's healthy, with no added sugar or artificial sweeteners (which is why I gave it two stars).  Even without the sugar, it's plenty sweet (but not too much).  If you want a flavor other than apple, try the tangerine.  Of the three flavors I've tried, tangerine is the only one to actually taste like it's should.
My family and I sampled two flavors of Switch -- Kiwi Berry and Watermelon Strawberry.  Though neither is something we'd want to purchase, Watermelon Strawberry is somewhat more desirable than Kiwi Berry.  For a beverage that claims to have no added sugar, Watermelon Strawberry Switch very sweet -- almost too sweet for me.  It reminded us of strawberry sparkling cider, though Switch's "fizz" content is somewhat less.  I thought the strawberry taste overwhelmed the watermelon taste, but my brother had an opposite reaction -- he said it tasted like a watermelon Jolly Rancher candy. "Too much like liquid candy" was his sum-up, and the rest of us agreed.  Good for a sweet treat, but not for an everyday beverage -- unless you've got a major sweet tooth.  There are tastier ways to get my daily Vitamin C fix.
The Switch Watermelon Strawberry carbonated fruit juice was tasty, but was a little too sweet for my tastes. For the amount of calories (140) and sugar (35 grams), I could have had a regular soda. I personally would not buy this drink because I do not want to drink calories like this, especially for just 8.3 ounces.
I feel duped when the front label proclaims "100% juice" and "Watermelon Strawberry" and then the small print says that it is mainly apple, grape, and acerola juices.And the vitamin C content is not noteworthy. A decent diet has enough vitamins.So, why bother with it except for the taste? Well, the taste is weak, like there's too much "filler" juices and not enough of what's advertised. And the (sour) strawberry taste completely overshadows the watermelon--you'd never know there was any watermelon there.It wasn't so terrible that I didn't drink it--unlike other Switch drinks, of which one sip was more than I could stand--but I'll never buy it again.
Oh, yuck.  This stuff was gross.  I didn't really enjoy the kiwi berry, but at least it was tolerable.  The watermelon, however, is completely undrinkable.  I usually like watermelon flavored things, but this is disgusting, it doesn't taste like watermelon at all.  It's actually a blend of several different juices, plus the ascorbic acid, and the blend does not meld at all.  It's just bitter, overly sweet, and has a nasty aftertaste.  Gross, gross, gross.
Overall, I was not thrilled with the taste of this product.  At first the watermelon and strawberry did come through pretty clearly, and that was a good sensation. But following very quickly was a distinctly light, thin metallic taste, and this taste lingered well after.  It wasn't the iron-specific taste of metal you'd get from blood, or even the filtered metallic taste you might get from eating liver, but more the metallic taste you get from water steeped in a porous metallic tankard.  It wasn't so bad that I spit the product out, but most definitely noticeable.You've got 140 calories in 8.3 ounces.  Yes, there is no added sugar, but there's more than enough of it in the concentrated juices which make up the product.  I usually drink diet, so am used to beverages packing less than a calorie.  The sweetness came through most clearly.They play up the carbonation on the packaging, but the carbonation was nowhere near the level of your typical carbonated cola.  The carbonation was rather light, with very little fizz, pleasant and mild.I note the presence of acerola, again.  I saw this in my trial acai beverage, too.Bottom line: Thanks, Amazon, for yet another free drink.  It wasn't bad, not at all, it was only okay, and not something that I'd seek out or spend any of my own money to purchase.
This product label says that it is "the perfect balance between juice and carbonation", but I think the maunfacturer still needs to reduce the carbonation further. Also, I tried a couple of other flavors beside this one, and they are all mostly apple, grape, and acerola with a hint of other things. This particular item is called "Watermelon Strawberry", and both of these fruits actually are listed on the ingredients label, unlike some of their other drinks. It is true that no corn syrup has been added, but there are still high sugars and carbs. This little 8.3 ounce can has 140 pretty empty calories in it. I think children will like these really sweet flavors, so it could be a good alternative to soda for parents to offer their little ones.
I reviewed a different flavour- the Kiwi Berry, which was pretty nasty. This Watermelon Strawberry faired a bit better. It wasn't cavity sweet, but it wasn't entirely pleasant either. I actually managed to finish the can. It is slightly carbonated, not nearly as much as regular soda, so I didn't mind it, and has 100% Vitamin C which is good. I'm not sure if I would recommend this product, or this line of products. Even those who like soda may not like something like this because of the false sweetness factor and those who live on water may not appreciate this new type of drink either-I certainly don't. I certainly don't think the price is worth it. Not even close.
My current health obsession is whole grains, so oatmeal is a convenient and satisfying food that is one serving of whole grains. Unfortunately, Quaker instant oatmeal is the convenient whole grain, but without much taste. The new recipe is a little bit healthier than the old, but if it does not taste good, I will not eat it.  Needless to say, I am disappointed.The new formula has, per serving: 160 calories, 210 mg of sodium, 32g total carbohydrates, 3g dietary fiber (1g soluble fiber), 11g of sugar and 4g of protein. (To compare, the old recipe had 170 calories, 50mg of sodium, 35g of total carbohydrates, and 15g of sugar; other values are the same.) Each packet is one serving, and it is one serving of whole grains. It sounds pretty good for you, but the second ingredient is sugar! With so much sugar, I expect to taste something sweet not blah. I also do not like the listing of "other spices."It is convenient. It does not taste bad, but it is not good. The cinnamon and spice flavor you smell when you open the package is not tasted once it is done cooking. Considering you can buy generic brands of instant oatmeal and add your own add-ins to your taste, for less money, I would not buy this oatmeal.
Since this is supposed to be a healthy alternative to some other types of cereal, I thought I would give it a try.  I mean cinnamon and spices and oatmeal sounds just like eating a warm creamy oatmeal cookie...the only thing missing is raisins!Unfortunately oatmeal cookies don't give me heartburn but this product did.The cinnamon is the prevalent spice and you can't tell what the others may be.  No nasty aftertaste.  I'm not impressed.  I've had store brand that was much better and less expensive.I'll stick with something that won't give me heartburn.
I have had cinnamon spice oatmeal before and liked it but this new flavor is lacking both cinnamon and spice.  The sugar content was increased and there is no cinnamon flavor. I was very dissapointed that I had to add cinnamon to a flavored oatmeal that is supposed to have it in there. I discarded the Quaker oatmeal and made some plain Irish oatmeal and added my own cinnamon and spices.  Quaker has ruined a good flavored oatmeal.
I usually buy unflavored oatmeal and add things as desired so the apples and cinnamon variety was a treat.  I enjoyed the taste.  The dehydrated bits of apple plumped and the cinnamon flavor was subtle. Then I read the label.  There were a lot of odd things included in the ingredients list that I didn't recognize, at least half of them sounded like chemicals of some kind.  Comparing the apples and cinnamon ingredients list to the regular Quaker oats that were in my cabinet was interesting.  The unflavored variety has 7 ingredients vs. the 15 for the apples and cinnamon variety.  Oddly I was afraid of too much sugar which turned out to be the least of my worries.  There was no sugar listed though maybe one of the chemicals added sweetness?  I'm not sure.  The oats didn't taste overly sweet.  After I finish this box I think I'll stick to the plain flavor in order to avoid unnecessary additives.
Although a snap to prepare, this just isn't for me.  Most of all it's too sweet.  It also contains too many ingredients.  I prefer making my oatmeal the slow way, controlling the amount of sweetness and without all the additives.
In years past, I have eaten instant oatmeal for a quick, easy, hot breakfast when I am in a hurry. I have eaten various flavors including the brown sugar and maple flavor that was offered here. I have to say that this is not the same product that I am used to from years past.The maple flavor was bland and chemically, and although it was sweet-ish, I really couldn't detect the flavor of brown sugar. It did, however, have a significant amount of sugars in it. When I reviewed the nutritional information I was stunned at just how much sugar was present in the package.In addition, the portion sizes are almost comical. There is no way that one packet will serve adequately as a meal for breakfast. It requires, at a minimum, two packets to make a bowl of oatmeal that is sufficient for an average adult male. That provides a significant amount of your daily intake of sugars.I was not enamored with this product, and would not go out of my way to buy it in the future. However, as part of a variety pack, I would probably have it on hand for those days when I desire oatmeal, but do not have the time to cook it from scratch.
Like most instant oatmeal, this ended up being a lot like baby cereal in texture and way too thin if you don't cut back on the amount of water called for.  One packet barely does anything to put a dent in your hunger.  The taste was just okay and not as good as other instant oatmeals I've tried.You can cook quick oats in the microwave in about the same time, add your own brown sugar and cinnamon and a bit of salt, and it will taste worlds better.  Make it with milk instead of water, and it will be even richer.  I might use these instant oatmeal packets on a road trip, but other than that I'd rather make my own on the stovetop.  For the extra few minutes, it's worth the greatly improved taste and texture.
My daughter, who had used Quaker Instant Oatmeal and liked it a lot a long time ago, tried this version and didn't like it at all, in fact didn't want to finish it. Not sure why, maybe lots of new ingredients, some artificial.
As a child Maple brown sugar Quaker Instant Oatmeal was my favorite flavor. In fact it was the only flavor I would eat. So after many years of not eating it I tried it again. I was shocked to discover that it doesn't taste anything like it did when I was a kid. And turns out I am not the only person that noticed this. My girlfriend noticed rigjt away after one bite. So if you are new to this oatmeal, give it a sjot but if you are like me and want to relive childhood memories.....don't!
When I was younger, I used to eat the Maple & Brown Sugar Quaker Oatmeal all of the time- I was torn between it and Strawberries & Cream as my favorites. I went a long while without eating oatmeal and I decided it was time to try this stuff again.First of all, it tastes different. More bland, and more like a sweet pile of mush than any distinct maple or brown sugar flavor. Although they say your taste buds die off as you get older, so perhaps that's just me.My second complaint is the consistency. I have always preferred my oatmeal with milk, so that's how I prepped it. I also tend to prefer relatively pasty oatmeal so I make mine with a bit less fluid and generally let it sit for a bit and set up. I don't know if they're using different oats or what, but even using less milk and cooking it full-time, my oatmeal was still a bit soupy. Letting it set had little effect, so I eventually gave up and just ate it. The oats were cardboardy and chewy, rather than soft and creamy like I remember.All in all, I was disappointed in the turn this oatmeal has taken. Next time I'll try Strawberries & Cream and see if it's still awesome.
These things are advertised as "chewy", but they are actually pretty stiff.They don't taste so great either.  The peanut butter on the bottom is not especially good, and the rest of it lacks flavor.The nutrition content is not much different from a Payday, which is a good combination of salty and sweet (and also softer).  Both have similar calorie totals, similar calories from fat, similar saturated fat, and similar sodium.  Both also have peanuts as the first ingredient, followed by 2 forms of sugar as the 2nd and 3rd.  The Planters bar has only a single extra gram of fiber to show for its meager dose of oats.I wonder if the only reason planters included an insignificant amount of oats is to qualify as a "granola bar" instead of "candy".  But if you check the nutrition label, there isn't much reason to choose this unsatisfying lump.
Salty is the only word I can use to describe this bar. My husband found the taste of it to be cloyingly preserved due it tasting nothing like peanuts but for me the saltiness of it alone was enough that I had to drink 3 glasses of water to rid my mouth of a horrible dry feeling. I actually had to drink some water during eating, because I couldn't get the entire bar down.Planters' touts on the package that you're getting 7 grams of protein but the trade off is the high fat content. I wouldn't eat this more than once a week and I wouldn't give this to my kids as a healthy snack. But if they wanted to do a little brick and mortar work these'll do just fine.
While I love the Roasted Triple Nut (Planters Big Nut Bars, Roasted Triple Nut, 8.1-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)), this "Double Peanut" just left me unimpressed. There was just not any "chemistry" in the taste. It was worse than just eating peanuts alone, and that defeats the purpose of eating a value-added product.I won't even go into the nutritional information, which is, as you can expect, on the high-fat side since this is double-peanut.If you want to try the Planets Big Nut Bars, I highly recommend getting this one instead:Planters Big Nut Bars, Roasted Triple Nut, 8.1-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)
I really wanted to like these nut bars.  My mouth started watering as soon as I ordered them.  Unfortunately, the reality didn't live up to the anticipation.The first thing I wanted to know was the nutrition information, which I was unable to find anywhere online before ordering.  Each bar contains 220 calories, 13 grams of fat, and 3 grams of fiber.  For comparison, that's 5 Weight Watcher's Points(tm), where most granola bars I eat come in at 2 points.  This wasn't far out of line with my expectations, since this bar is primarily made of nuts, and a tasty snack is occasionally worth it, but it does keep it from being an every day snack for me.The taste of the bar was okay, but way too chewy, with a sliver of peanut butter spread across the bottom that adds mess without adding much to the taste.  It was less messy when eaten upside down, but my jaw still hurt by the end from working so hard to chew it.  I was also expecting the bar to be either sweet or roasted salty, but this was neither.  Unless you are a huge fan of practically raw peanuts, give this nut bar a pass.
I love peanuts, and I love peanut butter.  I was hoping these would be good, but they just weren't.  They were kind of bland and chewy.  The flavor isn't much different than eating peanuts, but the cost is a lot higher.  There is no sweetness and not much saltiness either.  If you like peanuts I recommend getting a jar of peanuts and skipping this product.
Don't get me wrong- I like peanut butter. I like peanuts. I like granola too, but nowadays you have to read the labels to see if what you are getting is really healthy or not.  Many folks think that if the word "granola" is on something, it must be healthy for you.Out of curiosity, I compared the nutritional label on these Big Nut Bars, to that on a Reese's Peanut Butter cup:Big Nut Bars:Calories = 220Fat Calories = 110Carbs  = 22gSugars = 12gProtein = 7gPeanut Butter CupsCalories = 230fat calories = 120Carbs = 23gSugars = 20gProtein = 4gSo you will get more protein from a Big Nut Bar, and there is less sugar in it than a Reese's Peanut Butter cup, but I wouldn't go so far as to say either is healthy!Health issues aside, this bar is a conglomeration of peanut butter, peanuts granola, and what tastes like Rice Crispies. Not sure.It is messy to try and eat (you'll get peanut butter all over your fingers, etc.) but if you like those ingredients, you'll like the taste of this bar.  The picture on the front of the box matches the look of the actual bars really well.Pretty straight forward, but not going to win any health awards.
I'm a big fan of snack bars, because I don't like to take lunch breaks. My all-time favorite (my addiction, actually) is the Slim-Fast meal-on-the-go bar, so that's my point of comparison for the South Beach bar. The South Beach bar is not a full meal replacement, so it's smaller than my S-F bar. Most of the nutritional components are proportionally the same, except that the South Beach bar has a LOT more fiber. Unfortunately, the bar tastes like a glob of mocha goo on top of a slab of corrugated cardboard. It doesn't taste *bad* exactly -- it just doesn't taste *good.* And because it's small, it doesn't fill me up for very long. In other words, I was hungry again in an hour. I'm not very impressed, and I won't be switching to this brand.
If you like the taste of cheap instant coffee then you would probably like these bars.  They are basically half granola, half gooey coffee tasting crap.  I'd recommend that you eat FiberOne bars over these, as the FiberOne bars contain more fiber, taste better, and don't have as much fat.  I can't say that I'd recommend these bars to anyone, but they get 2 stars because they do have a decent amount of fiber.
Don't expect a fiber bar in the manner of a fiber one bar. Those are good. Ok- well I shouldn't say they don't taste good. Just how about you don't look at it?These TASTE fine. They taste like coffee and chocolate. Fine. good. They look absolutely vile. If you're familiar with say a powerbar kind of like that but smaller and softer.If you don't know what I mean it's like some sort of soft brown goo covered on the bottom with chocolate.It's also a lot smaller than I thought it would be. I'd say maybe half the size of a candy bar.On the up side- it's only 2 WW points because of the amount of fiber.Still- if you're going to eat it, don't look at and you'll be fine.
Now, I'm a big mocha fan and have had some experience with these "diet" snacks, so I decided to get this South Beach stuff.When I took one out of the box and handed my coworker one, we both gave each other the same look when we bit down: a look that was expecting the other to give the first reaction.  I, of course, decided to take charge and gave a look of disgust.  My co-worker said, "They're...interesting..."I know it's more of the fiber that counts (and it works, too: we both mentioned how much more we used the toilet), but at least they could've given it some more flavor.Nice chewiness, though.
I wasn't sure what to expect with these - they aren't granola bars, they aren't candy bars...  Of course, they're "NUT BARS."  Triple Nut, to be exact.  (The package also says "5 Chewy Granola Bars.")  "Honey Roasted Peanuts, Almonds, and Cashews."Well...they sorta taste like a dirty Payday candy bar, except the "peanut" flavor tasted like the bad peanut that you end up getting in every bag - a bit bitter or over roasted but pretty gross either way.  I couldn't taste any almonds or cashews (perhaps because they're the the 13th and 14th ingredients.)  They "honey roasting" is sort of a misnomer, as the sweetness is undoubtedly coming from the Corn Syrup (ingredient #2), Sugar (#4, #10), and Evaporated Cane Juice Inverted Syrup (#11.)  In fact, honey is listed as the 4th ingredient under the "contains less than 1.5% of" list.At any rate, a Payday candy bar tastes better, and just by claiming these are "NUT BARS" doesn't really make them healthy...comparing the nutrition facts between these and a Payday reveal these have a less sugar, more salt, and the same protein.Given they're being marketed as granola bars and healthier than candy bars...these are on the very bottom of my list for flavor and texture of a granola bar.  If you're looking for a good, healthy, chewy granola bar...you'd be much better off withCascadian Farms Organic Chewy Granola Bar, Chocolate Chip, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 6).  If you're looking for a snack with nuts - just buy the nuts.I'm not sure why all the other reviews seem to be raving about these things...I generally eat only natural and/or organic foods, so perhaps my palate just drastically varies.For reference, here's the full ingredient list:Peanuts, Corn syrup, Crisped Rice (rice flour, sugar, malt extract, salt, caramel color, mixed tocopherols), peanut butter, sugar, evaporated cane juice invert syrup, whole grain rolled oats, almonds, cashews, [Contains 1.5% or less than:]  Whey (from milk), soy lecithin, salt, honey, vegetable oil (peanut and/or cottonseed), resistant corn dextrin, Granola (whole grain rolled oats, brown sugar, whole grain rolled wheat, coconut, canola oil, wheat bran), xanthan gum, and more mixed tocopherols.
I probably eat more peanuts than Jimmy Carter, and have no idea why, here in the United States, they smother delicious, healthy, energy and endurance boosting peanuts in sweet crud.Of course I like the taste of them--what American doesn't like a mouth full of flavored sugar these days--but corn syrup (i.e. sugar) is the second ingredient listed, "crisped rice" which contains SUGAR the third, followed by peanut butter, SUGAR, then some nuts and oats and other good stuff, and somewhere near the end the key word on the package gets in there--"granola"--which is rolled oats mixed with--guess what--more SUGAR.One bar contains 220 calories mostly consisting of various kinds of sugar and ingredients containing sugar.  Since 100 calories per bar are from fat I have to wonder what tiny fraction of those remaining 120 calories are at all healthy.BOTTOM LINE: Stay clear of this one unless you're in the last three miles of running a marathon or horribly underweight.  The amount of fat and sugar (which turns to fat like nothing else can) contained in this bar far outweighs the health benefits of the nuts and oats it contains.On the positive side, I will say, these are delicious and I couldn't resist eating them--which is why I will never, ever have them again.
When it comes to food, I judge it by how memorable it is. When I see the product in a store, was I really so impressed that I am compelled to buy it again? For this product, the answer is emphatically "no".These are mostly granola bars...with nuts added. Fortunately, the nuts are either halved peanuts, whole almonds, or cashew pieces. This creates a good texture, and makes the bars slightly crunchy. However, because these are mostly granola, with bunch of "sweet" ingredients added, they don't taste particularly "nutty".They are bigger than traditional granola and snack bars, which comes at a price -- each bar is 220 calories. Because of the nuts, these contain 12g of fat each. Sodium is also high, at about 10% of an average daily value, or 230mg. Carbs roll in at 8% or 23g, with 13g being "sugars". However, if you're looking for protein (before or after a workout), you'll get 7g. You'll also enjoy 110% of your daily value of Vitamin E.These just don't "standout" enough for me, though. The flavor isn't memorable, and even once the box was empty, I didn't really wish I had more of them. I'm not sure what could be added to them to make them better, but for me they were a disappointment.
I wanted to like this product, but I didn't on so many levels.Since this was marketed as a snack, I expected to be able to reach into the bag and grab a cluster or two of delicious chocolately granola.  No.The top-most layer of the bag did indeed have clusters, but they didn't last long.  The bottom 80% of the bag was tiny pieces of granola and flakes of choclate... better suited for cereal than snacking.The clusters, when they were together, don't contain chocolate.  So even if you managed to get a few clustery snacks, it was just granola stuck together.  Tasteless granola.  The chocolate is there in little flakes, which were good, but unless you were scooping the stuff into your mouth you're not going to get any.I should probably have tried the product again as a cereal with milk, alas I was out of milk and rarely enjoy cereal anyway.Oh, and anyone tagging this as "healthy" has another thing coming.  Half a cup of the stuff is 220 calories.The only thing this product has going for it is the resealable packaging which was quite good.
This granola is not near as good as many others I have tasted.  The chocolate leans toward bitter or there isn't enough sweetness or richness to the mix.  Something isn't quite right.  Oh, it's edible, of course, but with spendy granola, it needs to be really delicious before you fork over that kind of dough for the product.  It's just not worth the price.
The texture is good, the chocolate bits are good, but oh my goodness, this is so sweet.  It's way too sweet for me as luck would have it.  I expected sweet with the chocolate but wow!  Blech!And at 220 calories for a half cup, there's not much nutritional value.  It is filling, I'll give it that, and it has a significant amount of fiber.You might like this if you pour sugar in your cereal.  And it's OK for a snack, but I wouldn't eat this on a regular basis.  There are far too many tasty, healthy products around for me to eat this &lt;gag>.
Back To Nature Chocolate Delight Granola is an okay granola cereal.  But it didn't have anything that really struck a chord with me,  It's a rather ordinary granola with some chocolate chips thrown in.  Nothing less, nothing more.  On the plus side it wasn't stale and it has a fresh taste to it.  If you're a big granola connoisseur then you'll enjoy it,  The casual granola eater wont be so pleased.
I received this product as part of the Amazon Vine program.I like granola, but I don't really get to eat it a lot, due the high carb nature of all granola.  I also like chocolate, ok I love chocolate.I thought this might be a match made in heaven.I first tried it in cold milk as cereal.  The granola is typical granola.  Lots of chewing, so so taste.  On top of that was the chocolate.  Something about the chocolate and the milk made the chocolate taste practically overwhelm the granola.  Not bad, just not what I was expecting.I next tried it as a dry snack.  Except for the mess of eating granola without a spoon and some milk to hold it in place, this was better.  The chocolate taste was a little more subtle, basically coming in the bites that had chocolate.  Plus with it being dark chocolate, it's not overwhelming.Back to Nature products are expensive.  That's what you get when you go with a small company who is actually producing less processed products.  This isnt' that important to me, but it could be important to you.As some others here have suggested, the idea is a good one.  Maybe having a bag of chocolate chips that you love mixed with a bag of granola that you love, and coming up with a good ratio would make for a wonderful snack (or even a wonderful breakfast) but to me this isn't it.
I enjoy granola and trail mix products, but I found this very hard to chew and hard on the teeth. About halfway through the bag I decided to use it as a cereal and it was good that way. I wouldnt buy it for that use though, too expensive. Very hard to chew dry!
The difference (to me) between this product and the Ensure product for adults is . . . well, there really is no difference.  It tastes like Ensure.  It was a disappointing experience.  Kids are not going to like this at all.  To make matters worse the straw.  Whoever conceived of this product did not think through the engineering and mechanics of straw utilization.  First the straw is encased in an impossible to open container (I had to use a pair of scissors to open).  Then the straw was too short to effectively empty the remaining liquid.  It isn't like those box drinks that shrink when you get near the end.  This box is rigid.  I had to remove the straw and tip the container upside down to get at the last bit in the box.  If my momma hadn't raised me to finish my plate (due to the starving kids in China) I would have left the remaining ounce of this medicinal tasting chocolate liquid in the container.  Be forewarned - this drink is will not be liked by kids.  They will think you are trying to punish them with liquid vitamins.
Loved the idea of a superhealthy chocolate milk, esp since my son is always in need of an after swim team snack.  This however, needs to be kept cool,which defeats the beauty of the portable box.  And it has a slightly medicinal taste.
This chocolate beverage has a strange taste to it that none of my kids enjoyed. It also has 9 grams of fat in so if you are watching the fat in your childrens diet this seemed high. It might be great for a picky eater or someone that needs to eat a lot of calories. However children that are used to chocolate milk may not like it. Due to the taste I recommend trying one before you order a full case of this product.
I wanted to try this before I passed it to the kids. When I opened the seal of the straw, I found some yellow greasy stuff inside. This shows really bad quality control. I could not imagine what will happen if kids just use it to drink. For this, I can only give it two stars.The drink is too sweet. Checking the label, I found that the sugar content is pretty high. Nestle wants to make it as kids' energy drink. They do add some minerals and vitamins in it. In the mean time, they add quite a bit of sugar assuming that it is the taste kids would like. As for the chocolate flavor, it is a bit artificial for me. Overall, I am not impressed.
Boost chocolate has a rich, malted milk taste. It initially tastes pretty good, in fact, with a creamy texture. After a while, my elite tasting team (wife, 13 year old girl, 16 year old son) and I found the taste a bit too sweet. Looking at the label pointed out that for something that brags about being "Kid Essentials" it has a ton of calories in the form of sugar and carbs. It also has a LOT of chemicals and ingredients that you should look at before feeding it to your family. Hmm... To be fair, the positive nutritional ingredients in the form of vitamins, etc. are also plentiful, but this stuff has so much sugar it should be a dessert drink. Also, if long chemical sounding ingredients freak you out, don't look at the side of the package.All that aside, probably the biggest issue we had was getting access to the special "probiotic straw" on the side of the package. It comes in a plastic foil sleeve that is glued to the side of the box. This seemed normal for the drink and package type until we tried to pry the thing off the side of the box. Wow. The military could use this glue! After getting the straw package off the carton, we had to open the plastic foil package. Wow! They should also give this stuff toe the military. We got them open, but had to use a wild amount of effort to do so without damaging the straw. Then, we had extend the telecoping straw, twist it to lock it in position and finally puncture the package top with it. This all went well enough, and all the effort probably helped offset the more than 200 calories this one cup package has in it from the over 30g of sugar.So, the summary is that this tastes OK, but a bit sweet for us. The positive vs negative nutritional values are hard to justify, and our samples were very, very tough to open due to the straw (which has a few drops of the "pro-biotic" chemical stuck to its inside surface). I can't say "don't buy" since many people are comfortable with this kind of nutrition, but I will say I'm not going to get any more.
It tastes like normal Boost, but a little thinner and a lot sweeter.While i do think that the probiotic straw is a bit neat, and a bit gross (there's an orangeish plug of probiotic something in the straw, it dissolves nearly instantly when you stick it in the drink), i can't imagine this product having a place in a healthy kid's diet. If the kid eats fast food all the time, then sure, replace one of their sodas every day with this, and it'll be a big improvement. But if your kid eats a relatively balanced diet, there's no reason at all to give them such a massive dose of sugar with the pretense of nutrition.And if you're worried about getting them to take probiotics and they won't eat yogurt, buy the powder and sprinkle it in their cereal, they'll never notice.
These are not bad tasting but the rubbery, strange texture is off putting. If you totally disregard the texture ( you really can't ) I would offer one more star. I think a better ( and super easy )  choice would be those pre-sliced apple packs that you can find in the fruit and veggie section of the supermarket.
This bag contains one serving of fruit.  It has a very good taste and is a dehydrated apple without the peel.  It is very pricey though and I would much rather eat a regular apple which is cheaper.  You could also almost buy your own dehydrator and some apples for the price they charge for this.  It does come in a little resealable pouch and is easy to carry with you but really not worth the price.  So I would go another route and just buy some fresh apples from your store if you want a treat and save yourself a little money.
We did not like the texture.  For the two teens I was with, the texture threw it off so bad that they spit them out and would not try to eat anymore.I liked the taste ok, but didn't like the texture either.  I dry apples sometimes at home, but I dry them a LOT more than these were, so I wondered how safe they were.  I guess they are ok - they taste sweetened a bit.  I love that they are organic, and it's a great way to store fruit, but these are like chewy gummies that taste worst because the pieces are rather big.  If they were small, it might be better.We ended up just not eating most of them because we just couldn't get past the mouth feel.
These are dried pieces of apples. Peeled of course. They smell and look funny and even feel funny. The kids were skeptical. They taste like chewy apples. It's good if you need some dried type stuff, but I wouldn't buy these on a regular basis.
This isn't at all what I was expecting.  I was thinking dried apple. This is more of a squishy apple.  Which honestly wouldn't be so bad except that it doesn't taste like apple.There is a sweet after-taste, but I'm not feeling/tasting the apple-goodness.
I was thinking these were dehydrated wedges or something like that, but instead the slices seemed to be made horizontally and thick.  The slices are not completely dried which makes a rubbery piece of apple.  Another thing I noticed is that they are not packed with flavor.  Normally when drying fruit, the flavor gets super concentrated and that's what I thought I'd taste, but it seems the manufacturer starts with a not so juicy flavorful apple.  The idea is really good and handy but the flavor and texture does not deliver.
I have three kids and usually at least one of them will like a new product, but not this one. This would be perfect for a child that is under weight or sick that needs the extra calories. However I recommend trying one before buying a case to see if you can get your little one to try it.
First of all, for some reason Amazon sent me the wrong product, Boost Kid Essentials vanilla, but this one has less calories (244, as opposed to 355.)I gave it to my child, he tried it, but he really didn't like the taste. He said it was too fatty, like if he tried to drink cream. Then both me and my husband tried the drink, and we had to agree, it really tasted as oversweetened cream. I would say, you would be better off giving your child bowl of ice cream and a vitamin. I guess, if we had received the version with 355 calories, it would be even more sweet and fatty.By the way, it says on the package that the drink is lactose free, but it contains sodium caseinate from milk, it might be important to you if your child is allergic to milk. And yes, the straw was real pain to open, too.
Good source of calories and protein for underweight children; however, it's too sweet!!!I have a healthy son who is rather lean, so I decided to try this product. As far as content is concerned, this milk is perfect; I have no complaints. I especially appreciate the protein and vitamin content a child receives after drinking this product; it is never easy equating all the vitamins, calories, and protein content in every meal, so I especially give this product credit for its purpose; however, the taste of the milk, although delicious, is extraordinarily sweet. Perhaps the company's goal was to make sure children drank the milk, but I find it excessively sweet. My son often enjoys sweet treats, but he cannot drink more than half of this milk; I end up drinking the rest, and I have trouble with the sweetness as well.Aside the product's sugary-taste, the milk is the great, healthy, and worth the buy.
As a parent of two children, ages 2  and 8, the first thing I do concerning any new food product is READ THE LABEL.  Upon reading the label, I immediately noticed the following statements, "Talk to your pediatrician about using BOOST kid essentials as a supplement with a meal or as a snack" AND "Use under medical supervision." I then went to the website provided ([...]) for clarification on the medical statements.  The website states the following, "Please consult your pediatrician regarding use of BOOST Kid Essentials Nutritionally Complete Drink as a sole source of nutrition." The obvious clarification is the phrase, "sole source of nutrition." Nestle should have clarified the product label concerning the medical warning.Both my children were OK with the drink, equating the taste to a vanilla milk shake.  I tasted the drink, and as another reviewer noted, it tasted a little chalky and sweet-almost powdery.  As a snack, the drink completely served its purpose, eliminating any desire for the kids to eat for at least an hour and a half.  However, a closer examination of the label tells me why and also causes concern.First, the drink has 244 calories with 7 grams of protein and 9 grams of fat.  Carbohydrates are at 33 grams!  The ingredients list water and sugar, in that order, as primary ingredients.  I STRONGLY suggest you read the complete ingredients list and nutritional information.  Clearly, this product was developed for children suffering onset or intermediate nutritional deficiencies ("failure to thrive" indications) and were diagnosed accordingly (explaining the medical statements).  Are your children suffering from a nutritional deficiency to warrant such a high calorie sugar laden drink?  Most likely not.The PROBIOTICS aspect of the drink is not that much of a draw as it is essentially a bacteria available in a variety of products (think yogurt) that MAY aid in digestion (with extended use).  So, do not let that be the sole or primary reason for purchase as yogurt is a lot cheaper, tastier, and has broader appeal to the whole family.When I first noticed this product, I was looking for a snack drink like milk or chocolate milk you find individually packaged in the store.  Such products need to "travel" and store well.  This product will do neither.  The package clearly states, "Refrigerate after opening and use within 24 hrs" and "Do not store at temperatures above 77 degrees / do not freeze."  These instructions are more applicable to medical products than snack food.  Clearly, maintaining these conditions could be very difficult in extended car travel, transport (airlines), or even going to a picnic.SUMMATIONWhile the product is nutritionally sufficient for its intended consumer and purpose, you will most likely be served by a cheaper product that stores well.  This product is clearly intended for a specific consumer under the general supervision of a pediatrician.  Under such conditions, I can see where this product would serve as a supplement.  Under general use and for healthy kids, I am not so sure.  I would probably recommend this product for athletes on extended hikes, bike rides, etc... However, the product will probably not survive such use based on the manufacturers label.
This was sampled by myself and 3 of my children, ages 10, 7 & 5.Getting the straw out of the package was the first battle. These are not kid friendly to open! I got one open without the use of scissors but it wasn't easy. The other 2 had to be cut and pried open. Probiotic or not, how much packaging does a straw need!On to the tasting:My 10 year old and my 7 year old pronounced it "wierd tasting" but finished it. My 5 year old proclaimed it "yucky" and wouldn't drink any more so I ended up trying his. I have to say I would have to go with their assessments. Maybe it is an acquired taste but it was not a pleasant flavor and it and had a bad aftertaste. Needless to say my kids won't be bugging me to put it in our grocery cart. Thankfully they eat pretty healthy so I don't need to worry about it.If you feel your child is lacking I would reccommend a multivitamin instead. They are alot more pleasant to swallow and easier on the pocketbook as well.
This Penne is made with egg whites, so this is not a product which will interest those who embark on a plant-based diet. There is no reason to add egg whites to pasta, but I am assuming they've done this to promote the *good source of protein* advertisement. We all need protein but it comes in many forms and it comes plentiful in plant based foods, there is no need to eat meat to build up your protein sources.It does take longer to cook because of this fact, at least 4-5 minutes longer than regular pasta. Although most people are told that we need plenty of protein, medical studies show us that we are better off and healthier eating less protein than suggested. Do the research on how much protein your body needs per day, it's much less than we've been told by government health specialists.
My family loves pasta.  I make it at least twice a week and it's nearly always Barilla.Sometimes I purchase the Barilla Plus variety, and sometimes the regular.  It varies according to which is on sale and how concerned I am about my boy's poor eating habits.Which brings to me the strange part.  I fixed this pasta last night and no one liked it.  Now just a few weeks ago (March 25) I made the regular Barilla Penne and everyone (but me) loved it.  This time everyone frowned, saying that the penne just had a 'tough' chewy aspect to it, and that it wasn't as flavorful.So no more penne for us, of either kind.  We love the Barilla digitali, spaghetti, rigati and others much more.Pam T~
When prepared per the directions, this pasta has the texture of instant noodles and a complete lack of flavor. I didn't really think of pasta as having much flavor until i tried this. It's completely flavorless. You chew it, you swallow it, you forget you even had it in your mouth.So if you're desperate to add protein to your diet in any way you can, this might be a good option, but you're not going to sneak it past anyone who's expecting normal pasta.
This spaghetti is good. It has a basic spaghetti flavor and it cooks pretty quickly. I found it hard to "overcook" where it was all mushy and I never had any episodes of it undercooked.That being said, why it gets 2 stars is because of the shipping which is a crucial part of ordering. The spaghetti came in a padded mailer, it was smashed. When I opened the package spaghetti fell out of the package. I looked at the box and the end of the box actually split open and spaghetti was everywhere.If you could buy a case of this then maybe I would recommend ordering it as it would be shipped better, but single boxes it makes a mess and isn't worth the hassle.
What with Lent and all, this is the perfect time of the year for me to try something like this. I have always liked sardines and I thought that the heat of the jalapenos would be a great accompaniment.  I must be a real light weight as far as the heat of this product  goes, because I felt that the peppers overpowered the sardines.  The heat was too intense for me.Even with the heat of the jalapenos the sardines are very bland; boringly so for my taste.  This seem to be a better alternative for someone who wants just a touch of heat with a more flavorful fish --->Bumble Bee Prime Fillet Albacore Tuna with Jalapenos & Olive Oil, 5 Oz (Pack of 6)