I like this coffee, it's good but not the best. Ease of use is a big factor in pod based coffees, hopefully one day the better makers get involved. I've tried Yuban and this equates albeit a little weaker.
I've liked Chex mix since the day you had to make it yourself. Chex Mix Sour Cream & Onion Snack is surprisingly bland. It does not much flavor, onion, sour creme, or anything else recognizable. I try to may spice up the remaining bags by shaking some onion powder into them. The Traditional, Bold, Barbecue, and Cheddar varieties all have more pronounced and identifiable flavors.
I got a pretty good deal on these locally with a store sale and coupon. I did not enjoy it very much. The broth was very salty/garlic-y and I could hardly see any chicken in the cup. The lip on the container makes it hard to get everything out. These would be okay for kids. For my moneyProgresso Soup, Chicken Noodle Soup, 15.25-Ounce Microwavable Bowls (Pack of 6)are better.
This Enfamil formula variation, while good in terms of nutrition, ease of digestion, etc., isn't different enough from other Enfamil variations for infants with sensitive systems to merit the increase in price. The &#34;premature&#34; label adds a premium that the slight difference in nutritional value doesn't reflect.
This is a difficult formula to rate.  My daughter was a month premature and was 5 lbs 14 oz at birth (5 lbs 6 oz when we left the hospital) and was put on EnfaCare for about a month because we had issues getting her to eat and she needed the extra calories.  I didn't have any issues with the formula.  It mixed well and she tolerated ti well, but did it help her catch up to her peers?  Maybe?  I don't have a control group to compare to!  I know the manufacturer says most babies who start on this stay on it for nine months.  My daughter did not.  Her pediatrician didn't feel she needed it once she hit about 8 lbs.  She is now a pre-teen and stays around the 5th percentile for height and weight.  Is this because she never caught up or because she was just destined to be a smaller person?  I believe she was just meant to be a smaller person.I now have another preemie in my care.  We'll see if the end result is different with this one!
Enfamil EnfaCare Infant (ages 0-12 months) is characterized by milk, whey proteins, more corn syrup, less lactose, DHA, choline, vitamins, and minerals.The sugar in milk is non-sweet lactose (disaccharide), which is not absorbed into the bloodstream already in the mouth, as sweet glucose (monosaccharide), which thus is not a healthy substitute for lactose. Unfortunately, most of milk's lactose is substituted for corn (glucose) syrup solids in EnfaCare and not for a polysaccharide, e.g. maltodextrin.  Corn syrup (solids) contains glucose and - like high fructose corn syrup - may contain fructose, which presence (sweetness) can be masked by adding other sugars. Scientists say high fructose corn syrup is addictive as cocaine. So are corn syrup solids with fructose, which content is not provided on the label. Also, high intake of dietary fructose may lead to liver damage from bacteria due to their movement from gut into the blood stream and liver.So, would you like to start your child's obesity and exposure to a potential liver disease (NAFLD) when he/she is an infant, wait for later, or maybe not to accustom the child to corn syrup at all in order to avoid the fructose desire/addiction, as concentrated fructose is not common in nature, humans were not exposed to its consumption, and thus are vulnerable even those who are not obese yet?! A benefit for prematurity does not excuse beginning addition.DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) found in fish oil is an omega-3 fatty acid that can be synthesized in humans. A study found that preterm infants fed DHA had better developmental outcomes, but not the full-term infants or term infants (1-12 mo) who develop normally.  A formula for the newborn (0-3 mo) without corn syrup seems to suit better both the preterm and full-term newborns while no evidence suggests that supplementing DHA for the older infants (3-12 mo) is beneficial.Choline is found in sunflower, soy, cod fish, broccoli, cauliflower, milk, chicken, etc. Endurance athletes and people who drink a lot of alcohol may be at risk for choline deficiency and may benefit from choline supplements.Mead Johnson (& Co) Nutrition has 3 lines of formulas: Enfamil Newborn (ages up to 3 months), Enfamil Infant (up to 12 months), and Enfagrow Toddler Transitions (9 to 18 months) and Enfagrow Toddler Next Step Milk Drinks (1 year & up). Except Enfamil Newborn, Infant A.R. and partially EnfaCare, all milk's lactose is substituted for corn (glucose) syrup solids in Mead Johnson (& Co) Nutrition formulas including the Infant Soy. Enfamil Newborn is characterized by easy to digest proteins, choline, DHA, and vitamin D. Enfagrow Toddler Transitions is characterized by DHA, choline, calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidants. Enfagrow Toddler Next Step is characterized by calcium and vitamin D, and is available in two flavors: vanilla and natural milk.
I highly recommend the regular Enfamil brand formula. My preemie thrived on it, even as she got off to a rough start with feedings. But this new version seems like more marketing wizardry than scientific innovation. The ingredient list is not substantively different from regular Enfamil, but the price is a stupendous increase. That strikes me as very disappointing and fishy.
I like enfamil formulas.  We've used them regularly for all of our kids.  I got this one and was surprised to see that it's not much different than the normal sensitive infant formula made by enfamil, but is more expensive.  The vitamins, fillers, etc. are almost identical to their other sensitive formulas.  Overall, I'd say just stick with the regular stuff and don't bother buying into the extra cost just b/c this one happens to say &#34;for premature Babies&#34; on it, as it is pretty much the same as every other great product enfamil makes.
This was clumpy and we were hopeful.  However, the baby didn't like this even as an occasional supplement to breast milk.  She gave e remainder to the neighbor who also has a bottle-fed infant who was having some reflux and gas issues. and they seem to be very pleased.  She complained about the lumps but said the baby holds it down much better than the formula they have been using.
My little one has always had trouble with the spitting up, so when I started supplementing, it only got worse.  I got this stuff b/c I thought it might help and I really didn't notice much of a difference at first (even with a slow transition) but after about a week, once she was used to this and on it completely, it cut the spit ups from like 5-8 per feeding to 3-4 per feeding.  So it is an improvement a little, but it didn't stop the spitting up completely.  Overall, it's more expensive for a little bit of an improvement, but after speaking to my doctor, ruling out allergies, etc. I was told that some babies just spit up more than others and there isn't a whole lot you can truly to do fix that, so for me this stuff wash kinda a wash.
My baby girl has spit ups every once in a while and I got this thinking that it would help. It does seem to help a little as her spit ups are less frequent. However, when she does on the occasion, her spit ups are as thick as the formula - this formula has a thicker consistency than the regular Enfamil iron-based ones.Subsequently when I consulted my pediatrician over my baby girls spit up frequency, my pediatrician wasn't too worried about her spit ups and says they are normal and suggested that we revert back to using a regular Enfamil iron-based formula and only use the Enfamil A.R. formula when her spit ups are really serious.I guess it still helps to have some A.R. formula around to deal with her spit up issues.Would recommend parents to check on severity of the infant's spit ups with your pediatrician before getting this formula.
I tried this with my niece who has always been a bit gassy. I thought she would really benefit from it. Unfortunately, she just didn't like the taste and just didn't take to it. So can't really say how effective it would be.
To be honest, I tried this formula, because formula is expensive, and this one was offered to me! ;) My son(10months) has had a history of spitting up worse than either of my other two. It started as soon as he was born, and it has improved greatly as he's got older. We went to formula full time when his stomach seemed to reject my breastmilk, and he was losing a lot of weight.He's did pretty well on some of the formulas he's used. Gentlease was great, except for the fact that it cause SEVERE constipation. He did well with the regular Toddler Transitions formula, so we will keep it in mind if milk doesn't agree with him in a couple of months. He's did the best with the AR formula. We LOVE it!All of that to say that this formula caused my little one to start spitting up very soon after using it. It's definitely worth a try for babies with colic! For spitting up? I'd start with a different formula. Based on our experience, I'd recommend using AR. He's had almost no spitting up with it and no constipation.
Be careful to introduce this soy formula gradually.  If a baby is put on it exclusively, perhaps in an effort to avoid colic-related pain, the result will likely be painful constipation.  Soy-based formula is highly identified with constipation, although some children don't have a better choice.The formulas that break milk down to a level for a baby's tummy to process it are all significantly more expensive.  This all comes down to a matter of money, and it is stressful for parents that can't afford the premium offered by each major brand.Therefore, go easy and slowly as a percentage of the formula your baby eats and eventually see if baby can consume this soy formula without the constipation.  It's worth a try.  Constipated babies will cry with all their might though.
No formula, particularly soy based, smells or tastes particularly good.  This is easy to mix up, it is well tolerated and as long as the child is unaware that better tasting food is out there, you should be pretty successful in getting it down.  This is no better or worse than others on the market and a bit cheaper than a comparable Similac product.  It is however far more expensive that the brands sold by CVS or Meijer and honestly, I think that they are just as good.
Enfamil has been a trusted name in baby formula for years. This soy formula fills a definite need for babies who are unable to tolerate regular formula. Downside, it STINKS to high heaven!
First off, if you have kids and are leery of corn syrup in their diet, this is not the formula for you.  Because the primary ingredient is corn syrup, the formula is sweeter, and kids are more likely to drink it because it tastes good.  That aside, I got this formula for my nephew who's mom works full time and just doesn't have time/want to nurse.  Because my nephew is prone to gassiness, we tried out several different formulas on him to see which would work well on him.  Milk based formulas seemed to be the worse for him, so we gave soy a try.  It really did help out with his fussiness and seemed to make him more comfortable.  The formula is easy to mix up in a bottle, and we didn't have any problems with clumping or weird separation.  He had no problems drinking this formula and the gassiness seemed to be lessened.With the corn syrup issue, my sister in law is not in love with this formula, and consequently will most likely wait until he's older to use this formula more a supplement instead of giving it to him every meal.  That aside, it's a good formula and is easy on the stomach.
The first ingredient is corn syrup solids 54%.  This makes my alarms kind of go off because corn syrup is such an addictive product and to be feeding it to babies in such a high amount can make them obese and refuse to take other foods unless they are sweetened.  That said, if your baby is having problems with digestion of lactose or milk proteins, then this product is worth a try.  I will also say that it's not normal to feed a human baby cow's milk but that seems to be what we do.  Breastmilk is by far the best, but that is not always possible, or in the amount needed.  And colicky babies need soothing and therefore I will recommend this product since it does not contain any milk substances and should be easier on your babies digestive system.
My girl does not really take to this soy formula, but when I mix this with some rice cereal, she takes it readily.Good formula with iron to keep the young ones healthy.
First off, I am a big fan that this drink uses natural ingredients.  It's essentially carbonated and sweetened white grape juice from concentrate with some added "energy" ingredients.I don't mind the taste at all.  I don't find it particularly refreshing, mind you, but I certainly don't consider it bad.  It's sweet enough (but not overly so) that I can drink it down without any trouble.  At 8.4 ounces, it's a good quantity that's easy to drink, won't fill you up, but also isn't a small shot that leaves you feeling wanting.Now...for the energy part of it.  I tried this for the first time in the afternoon on a day when I was pretty tired - after drinking one, I shortly then fell asleep for six hours.  Not a huge success. :)  The next day, I tried another one with slightly better success.  I've since had a few of them, both at home and at work.  I certainly haven't fallen asleep afterwards since that first day, but I don't feel particularly peppy, either.  Coffee or a Diet Coke perk me up more, even though a 20-ounce Diet Coke has only 75% of the caffeine in this.So, I admire the ingredients and don't mind the taste, but at the current price of over $2/can, I would have expected more of a result energy-wise.  From other reviews, it clearly works well for some folks, so you might want to give it a try given its positive attributes.  It's a lot healthier option than some other energy drinks that I've seen.
This is carbonated water with some sugar, and caffeine.  It does not have a bad taste, and is enjoyable.  Kind of reminds me of Red Bull but not so medicine like.  I like that it is organic.  It only contains 100mg of caffeine, which for me does nothing since I drink so much coffee (95mg caffeine in 8oz coffee).  However, when I do not have time to drink coffee, I just grab one of these out of the fridge.You should chill it before drinking.  It taste good chilled, but disgusting warm.  Like drinking warm soda, ugh!If you are sensitive to caffeine, this might work better for you.  For those who drink stuff like this all the time, you will not get much of a kick.I didn't mind it, but due to costs, probably won't be getting it in the future.  However, it is organic so the premium is justified.
UPDATE: The ingredient label in one of the photos lists "Salt" as an ingredient, but that is not an ingredient according to the label on the can I have, and the sodium content is different.  I deleted part of my review which related to sodium.  Still, this is pop (or equivalent nutritionally), don't let the Natural term fool you into thinking otherwise.Let me start by saying this drink is good.  Nice sweet tangy punch to it.  So what is my complaint with it?You pay a lot for something labeled as natural, which is no healthier than HFCS soda pop/energy drinks.  At least the crimson cow energy drink doesn't pretend to be "natural".Let's translate the ingredient label:Sparkling Water (fancy name for carbonated water)Organic cane syrup (fancy name for something no better than high fructose corn syrup)Organic white grape juice concentrate (again high fructose, no better than high fructose corn syrup)Natural Citric Acid (no such thing, it is citric acid which has to be refined)Guarana seed extract (caffeine)This is caffeinated sugar water.  Don't let the name fool you.  That aside, it tastes a lot like the drink I mentioned earlier which supposedly gives you bird appendages, but it sure costs a lot.  Misleading advertising, don't really recommend.  Organic means nothing for the ingredients in this list.  They are all so refined that it doesn't matter if they are organic or not.I give it 3 stars as I like the drink okay, but don't really need the calories so would rather stick to straight unsweetened coffee.
These contain 100mg of caffiene per serving, which is actually more than that in Red Bull (80mg) and yet they do not pack as much punch. The effect felt is temporary. After about an hour or two, you feel nothing and need to drink a second one. The only redeeming feature is that it's made from all-natural, organic ingredients. So, if that's important to you, then this might be an acceptable option.
Energy drinks are never a healthy choice, but we all have that mid-afternoon lag and need a quick pick-me-up sometimes. If you are going to have an energy drink, this is much better than most.I have tried this while driving over a long distance, in the middle of the afternoon at work, and immediately before a light workout. It definitely does have that boost I'm looking for.With that being said, this beverage is ungodly sweet. It leaves an unpleasantly syrupy aftertaste in my mouth for hours. To those accustomed to drinking soda on a regular basis, this is probably not off-putting; but with 25g of sugar per can, it's not likely that any health-conscious person would drink this on a regular basis. Cut the sugar by at least half, and this would actually be palatable.
My husband is a caffeine fiend.  I avoid it like the plague, because of how my body reacts to it.  Normally, my husband likes any of the energy drinks I purchase for him.  I thought this would be a good choice since it is naturally occurring caffeine, as opposed to the artificial high.He hated the taste.  After reading the reviews of others, I told him this might be an acquired taste, and to give it another couple of tries.  No use, he still strongly dislikes it.  The price is not terrible when purchased through amazon, although I checked it out at another source too, and ouch! that price was ridiculous!  If this is for a picky person, you might want to try a can purchased elsewhere first, then place the order after the taste is okayed by your caffeine loving family member.
I am not one for energy drinks, such as Monster, Red Bull, etc., for, I cannot handle much caffeine in one drink. So&#8230;to see a product that is a &#8220;natural energy drink&#8221; with &#8220;organic ingredients,&#8221; (always a plus)&#8230;.I was ready to give this product a try. Though, I always wonder how &#8220;organic&#8221; the ingredients are, or rather, how MANY of the ingredients are organic.In any case, I was drawn in by the &#8220;natural&#8221;/&#8221;organic&#8221;&#8230;basically, the &#8220;healthy&#8221; aspects to this drink. I decided I&#8217;d give it a try, since, I don&#8217;t like heavily caffeinated beverages and would prefer an energy boost from nature/natural ingredients, or even, ingredients that aren&#8217;t manufactured and that I can pronounce.*I can&#8217;t find a can on hand, however, I remember reading the ingredients, and I could pronounce every one&#8230;except one of the berry/fruit extracts, or something&#8230;.but it was a natural ingredient, for which, I was very grateful.The drink is REALLY fizzy. I was not expecting that much carbonation &#8211; well, I wasn&#8217;t expecting ANY carbonation. So, that is the only real negative facet about this drink. Aside form this, the taste is fine. It isn&#8217;t bland (like the kind of flavour where one can barely taste it, though it claims to have &#8220;flavour,&#8221;) yet, the berry/fruit flavour is not overpowering, but it is enjoyable.Effective? Not &#34;fully&#34;/&#8221;totally.&#8221;I think it helped some &#8211; if nothing but the carbonation tended to &#8220;wake me up.&#8221; :p I mean, while I cannot handle a lot of caffeine and caffeine can sometimes affects me &#8220;opposite&#8221; (relax, not stimulate,) and while this drink doesn&#8217;t have a lot of caffeine (the green tea, where the most, if not all, of the caffeine lays, appears in the middle-ish of the ingredients list), it was more like&#8230;a kind of Russian roulette as to whether it would affect me or not&#8230;and how much it would.I appreciate how this is a natural energy drink, and I appreciate, too, that this pack can last almost a month. Granted, I only drank one can a morning &#8211; maybe some would want/need/choose multiple &#8211; but I wouldn&#8217;t suggest more than two&#8230;and even then, I&#8217;m not sure even that is the greatest/best idea. :/In any case&#8230;overall:- it&#8217;s okay- taste is fine- effectiveness&#8230;.TBD &#8211; varies from person to person, but as for me&#8230;it just didn&#8217;t make a &#8220;black and white&#8221; difference. Does it have &#8220;potential&#8221; to be &#8220;effective&#8221;? Yes. How effective? &#8230;varies.- price/cost: well, I think it is okay price, but it really is up to each to determine if it is worth it based on it&#8217;s effectiveness
No one consumes energy drinks because they are a delicious and refreshing beverage, they are a caffeine delivery system, and Guru isn't going to change that.  Initially, the familiar medicinal ED flavor greets the palate, though it is less aggressive than other EDs I've tried. Its mix of sugar (cane syrup), apple acid and citric acid gives it flavor not unlike SweeTarts candy.Guru contains 100 mg of caffeine (from guarana), about the same as a cup of brewed coffee and puts it in the lower third of the energy drink group as far as caffeine levels .  It didn't affect me much, but I'm a fairly heavy coffee drinker so it's not too surprising.The ingredient list here on Amazon does not match the list on the can. The can lists (in order):Sparkling water, organic cane syrup, organic white grape juice concentrate,natural flavors,apple acid, cirtic acid, organic green tea leaf extract,organic guarana seed extract,organic echinacea flower extract, organic panax ginseng root extract.  Each 8.4 oz can contains 100 calories and 25 g carbs (all sugar).Overall, a decent ED, not one I'd make a habit, but certainly less distasteful as most others I've tried.
If you are out to consume only organic ingredients and do not like coffee and do not mind a ton of sugar, then this drink might be a good fit for you. I like energy drinks if they taste good and provide more energy than a cup of coffee, otherwise I pass on them.  I would pass on these.I was amazed that it had a whopping 25 grams of sugar in this tiny little can and still managed to taste pretty sub-par -- think medicinal tea flavor.  I like black tea, green tea, sweet tea and herbal tea but I do not like these. I would be interested in tasting the light version sweetened with stevia, but I did not get those kind to try. I gave 3 stars and not 1 star because I have had worse energy drinks and it is nice that the makers of GURU are using better ingredients than most do.These GURU drinks are crazy expensive for how little they are and how little energy they provided.  They just kind of made me feel like I had to drink a big glass of water and sit down, not good.  I would spend my dollars on Illy Cafe cans before I purchased these.I would rather have a shot of espresso over ice with cream for 100 calories and you can use organic coffee beans and organic cream too if you desire.  It perks me up better, tastes WONDERFUL and has only 3 things in the glass if I add a bit of stevia.
After trying 8 cans of GURU Natural Energy Drink here are my key thoughts:+ Will boost energy mildly with one can+ Two cans will get you moving+ Truly organic energy drink avoid those dangerous chemicals- Feel agitated for several hours afterwards- Tastes bland
It was only a matter of time before the natural and organic crowd decided to have a go at the energy drink market, and here it is: Guru Energy! So how does it stack up against the competition? The answer to that depends on what you're looking for.The draw here is really for people who want organic ingredients but also still want something with kick. If you just want energy, there's much more effective options, as well as drinks that have a more pleasing taste. On the flavor front, it's not as bad as some of the more abrasive energy drinks like Monster or Rockstar, but it's also not something you'd want to just drink for the flavor on a regular basis. Despite all the fruit and natural ingredients, this definitely tastes like an energy drink and not like juice.The first ingredient is sparkling water, followed by a long list of organic syrups and fruit juices. Even with that focus on natural ingredients, there's still lots of sugar (25 grams in fact), but that's from the fruit juice, not from high fructose corn syrup like with your standard soda. There is a decent amount of caffeine present &#8211; and that's where the energy comes from &#8211; but unlike energy boost shots such as 5 Hour Energy or the average energy soda there isn't a boatload of b6 and b12 vitamins, and that's what gives you the &#8220;wake up and go&#8221; feeling rather than the jittery &#8220;I've had too much coffee&#8221; feeling.Guru isn't bad, and if you are really focused on organic ingredients it's one of the few options you have, but as far as energy drinks go it's not the best on either the flavor or the energy fronts.
I drink a lot of coconut water.  The three best tasting brands were ONE, Vita Coco, and Zico.  Recently Zico has sold out to Coca Cola and changed it's formula.  It now comes from concentrate and does not taste as good or fresh as it once did.  It does not taste terrible by any means, but if you want fresh natural coconut water, Vita Coco is really the best.  I find the best way now to enjoy these now, is to add a bit of fresh lime juice to the bottle and shake it.  Unless Zico goes back to using fresh juice, I will not buy this product again.
I found this coconut water to be almost tasteless.  It was more like water with a slight coconut flavor.  Coconut waters are quite expensive, and I like more coconut flavor.  No true complaints, there are just others I prefer to the Zico.
I noticed the Zico Coconut Water at my nearby grocery store and I tried a couple varieties of it. The drink was good, but nothing to write home about. However, they were quite refreshing and had an interesting mix of ingredients I liked. Next, I gave the chocolate variety a try. Oh, this was much better. It tasted like a less-creamy chocolate milk. Quite good. The calories were somewhat high at 110 per 14-ounce serving. The potassium content was way over the sodium, which was good. It was higher in sugar than I like. The protein and fat content was negligible. So, it's a good drink. Very tasty. But I have a few reservations about it centered around the sugar content and the calories.Gary Peterson
This is a very pleasant green tea. The cinnamon is fairly dominant but counterbalanced quite well by the green tea flavor, even though Stash did use cinnamon oil.I was a little scared about the cinnamon after my unpleasant experience with Stash's Organic Chai Black & Green Tea, which was ruined by too much cinnamon oil.After I use up these six boxes I do not know if I will purchase anymore Stash tea.Stash needs to hold off on using the spice oils (especially the cinnamon), even though it isn't so offensive in this particular tea, they could still tone it down a bit more.
Had this been labeled "green tea with a touch of pomegranate and raspberry essence" I might have rated this higher.  However, the name is pomegranate raspberry and I therefore expected those vary flavors.  The overall taste is mild and muddled.  I except a greater sweetness.  The tea's second ingredient, chamomile, has a distinctive presence.  While I didn't find the flavor to be unpleasant, there is nothing about it that would make me reach for it over one of my other teas.
I love this tea, but I find the new box design annoying.  I don't really like the photos on the boxes and I have gotten two different types, this one and the Hazelnut one and both of them had flaps that ripped and they don't stand upright like the other style did, the old style with no picture.  I don't know why this is, but it bothers me enough to tell others about it.
My niece and I are huge fans of Slim Jims and I love the smoked taste that they have. These are the Slim Jim Giants, so they are a much longer than the other one the meat is still smokey, but the casing on these sticks are thick and I even pulled it off but the casing was still a little tough. The meat is good and the flavoring is as good as I remember but the casing is too tough and I wish they would bring back the old formula.Great tasting inside a not so great tasting outside.
I used to be a huge Slim Jim fan. Ok, that is meant both literally and figuratively. I have lost 225 lbs since those days! But back then a Slim Jim was a part of my daily routine.Fast forward 10 years. I hadn't eaten a Slim Jim in forever, my poor kids didn't even know what they were! I couldn't let that last.So we got the pack of 25 Giant Smoked Snacks.I think my son puts it best: "It is a bacony, beefy, smoky stick of yumminess!"I would tend to agree, but for me they are now too greasy. My son, of course, doesn't mind the grease,"It's like a beefy stick of bacon! Who cares if it is greasy?"So Slim Jim products are now back in our lives. But they will be a rare snack food, not a daily "must have". Everything in moderation.Overall: 3 stars. Beefy bacon goodness, if only we could get rid of the grease.
Slim Jim; this smoke snack is okay, but I did not care for it however my husband kind of liked it. We both thought that it was greasy in the mouth and left an unpleasant aftertaste. It had a bad way of digesting causing indigestion which means have your Tums or Rolaids close by. My husband is always chewing on but I can't eat them. So it's a 50-50 on purchasing this product. If you like this kind of thing then you'll be fine but I'm not going to purchase them.I hope this helps in your decision on whether to purchase or not to purchase.
I guess if you like Slim Jim's these are great. I used to like them, but they left a coating of grease in my mouth. In fact, I could squeeze ribbons of white fat out of them. If you enjoy this flavor, then they are for you. If not, I'd pass.
Considering the ingredients list on the Slim Jim they are not the healthiest of snacks. My husband likes them tho. He is a golfer and finds they are handy to toss in his bag for a day on the course. These sticks are longer than the norm and 140 calories each. They have a chewy, texture that gives you more to chomp on than say the quick swallow of candy. Overall, considering what is in them they are not for me.
I try to eat nutritiously, but I believe in moderation, so I will occasionally have a snack that is less than healthful if it has a taste I find appealing. I'm partial to beef jerky, certain types of chips and Snickers bars. Just not too often.These Slim Jims will not be joining my short-list. They are, I guess, sausages of a sort--foot long tubes about a 3/8 of an inch in diameter. The outer skin is taut and crispy. The inside is soft and somewhat mushy.They are made with beef and chicken, but there is no discernible meat flavor--just spice heat. I guess they would be a good accompaniment to a beer or two, but I can think of other things (salsa and corn chips, flavored pretzels, etc.) that I'd rather have with that beverage.Nutrition on these is hair-raising, even for a guilty pleasure. A less than one ounce snack which will deliver 140 calories, 23% of your daily allotment of saturated fat and 20% of your sodium, not to mention some nitrite--that's pretty hard-core.Sorry, Jim. I'll pass.
I like beef jerky, so I hadn't tried a slim Jim in years, I did not care for it. Although it had good flavor, it left a greasy feeling in my mouth after I ate it. My teenage boys chowed it down without a complaint of the greasy feel, so maybe it is just me. I think I will stick with jerky.
My family loves Slim Jims. The smokey awesomeness of each delicious bite fills your senses and leaves a mouth-watering flavor that makes you want more. When the giant Slim Jim came up, my kids begged me to select it. The flavor was relatively the same, but the texture leaves you feeling like you've just eaten paper -- which makes it less appetizing. I'm not sure exactly what has changed but the giant Slim Jim seems to be much more slim than the regular size ones thus maybe making the wrapper more overpowering. Not to the point that we didn't want to eat it, but enough that we will not be buying these particular Slim Jims. Maybe if you went with the flavored variety instead of the regular smoked flavor it would taste better? Price-wise, it's not a bad value. Amazon currently lists it for $21.26 for a pack of 24 Giant Slim Jims.
Everyone should try the great American snack, the Slim Jim, at least once in their life. In fact, nothing says freedom better than driving fast down the open road, Bruce Springsteen on the radio loud, munching on a Slim Jim and a large bag of potato chips and washing it all down with a Pabst Blue Ribbon or, if before 10 am, a giant Dr Pepper. Mind you, I've never really done this, but when I eat a Slim Jim, I can close my eyes and be instantly transported to this world. It's a good world, free from worry, trans fats, flatulence, Pepto Bismal and Lipitor.I will not be preachy....much. We all know that a Slim Jim may be considered "high protein", but we also know that it is fundamentally junk food. One 28 gram stick contains 140 calories, 110 of which come from fat. After beef, the second ingredient is something called "mechanically separated chicken." Enough said.You simply cannot nibble on quinoa salad and grilled tempeh while doing 80 mph, top down, while joyfully screaming out the words to "Born To Run" at the top of your lungs! It just will not do!You peel the wrapper off the Slim Jim banana-style to keep the grease from your finger tips. You bite into the skinny deep brown sausage and the first taste is salty-smoke followed by spicy-beef. The next thing you know is that there is nothing left, you have eaten it all. You are crazy thirsty. Crazy, crazy thirsty.Life is good.
The thinkThin bar is not a snack bar, but is intended to replace a meal. It is sugar and gluten free, and is intended to carry you through a part of your day with a high protein jolt. The bar itself contains 240 calories (70 from fat), and has 24 grams of carbohydrates and 20 grams of protein.The taste on the fudge thinkThin was OK, but not great. Also, the price per bar is a bit high. On the other hand, though, it was somewhat filling, and did do a good job of replacing my lunch - keeping me going though the afternoon.It's not a bad bar, having a decent taste and it does its job, but there are better bars out there.(Review of thinkThin Chocolate Fudge, Gluten Free, 2.1-Ounce Bars)
I recently spent several months counting calories and monitoring everything I ate in an effort to lose some weight. Never in my life had I ever paid much attention to the actual calorie numbers in foods. I just looked at grams of fat. In the 90's that's what we were all told to do, watch fat grams. Of course now we know better. Calories do indeed matter. I spent a few months using the calorie deficit method (taking in less calories than I was burning daily) and lost about 30 lbs total. I found this worked better for me than going to the gym, since spending every day running on a treadmill just made me eat more! I've been back to eating normal for a few months now, and so far have maintained the weight loss. But I haven't forgotten what I learned during the time I was dieting, and now I check out exactly just how many calories are in the foods I'm eating.Just because something says "thin" on the label doesn't mean it's necessarily going to help you reach that goal. After trying this bar, I also read up on the calorie and fat numbers. Each one of these chocolate fudge bars has 240 calories and 8 grams of fat. To give you a comparison, a full size Butterfinger bar has 270 calories and 11 grams of fat. There are actually MORE calories in one of these chocolate fudge bars than in a large Butterfinger bar you can pick up at any gas station in the candy section. What these do have is a bunch of protein. So if you're just doing some basic dieting by cutting calories and trying to shed some pounds, this bar is not going to help you meet any calorie goals. If you're doing intense cardio workouts and need some protein to keep up your stamina, then these are for you. They obviously have some benefit over the empty calories of a candy bar. But for many of the popular diet programs that require you to watch calorie numbers, these bars have the same numbers as a typical candy bar.As for taste, this chocolate fudge is okay. People who only like real chocolate and dislike anything that isn't the real thing, will probably not find the taste all that appealing. For others who are more accepting to the taste of "diet foods", the taste/flavor is okay.For those people who prefer the taste of real chocolate, but are looking for something more healthy than candy bars, I'd suggest checking out the KIND PLUS, Peanut Butter Dark Chocolate + Protein, Gluten Free Bars. They have very similar calorie/fat/protein numbers as these thinkThin bars, but use real chocolate that can be loved by even the pickiest candy lovers.
My mouth watered when I saw this fudge! I love fudge, so I had to have it.When it arrived I opened the bar immediately and took a bite. I was disappointed because it did not have that delicious chocolate flavor. It was too soft and doughy; tasted more like a Brownie to me. Darn...I don't have a gluten problem, but this might be more acceptable to someone who can't tolerate gluten.Sorry I can't be more positive...Reviewed by Betty Dravis, August 10, 2013Author of "Millennium Babe: The Prophecy"
The thinkThin Chocolate Fudge Bars don't offer much to stand out in the aisles of Snack/Meal Replacement bars found at the market these days.  They seem to be yet another product that has jumped on the "Gluten Free" band wagon which I find manipulating and off putting.They boast 0g Sugar and 20g Protein but have 240 calories per bar.  The taste is very bland and for me had an off flavor. I think if I want a jolt of protein with low calories for my afternoon pick-me-up I'll stick with a couple of hard boiled eggs.
The thinkThin Chocolate Fudge flavored bar has a decent texture and an okay flavor.I found the texture to be better than most of this type of bar on the market, unlike most it is not too dry or crunchy; plus you do not need a large glass of liquid such as water or milk to get it down. visually the bar could be a little bit more appealingbut that is possibly because it went through the mail. Would I buy these as a meal replacement? Maybe I would have to try a couple more of the flavors to really decide.
Since I have only tasted one of these, and cannot back it up with further anecdotal commentary about other tastes and whether I would feel full again with another bar. For the price, they're not as flavorful or have the same pleasant texture as Powerbars or other meal bars I have tried.
I am not too thrilled with these protein bars. The cellulose is dry, and several of the bits, perhaps espresso in the "Chocolate Espresso" flavor, in the bar seem to add an odd chew to the mix. I feel like a monkey picking fleas off of a fellow monkey and using my front teeth to bite them in half when I come across these little bits...it's just these tiny, tougher-than-the-other-ingredients bits, and it's weird. I did enjoy the "Cookies and Cream" variety.The bar offers a twenty gram boost of protein, though not pleasurably. These are not awful - the flavor is modest, yet accurate - but I have no desire for more of these grainy treats. To their credit, they do satisfy an empty stomach.ThethinkThin "Crunch"line of various nut roll bars, though not powerhouses of protein, are far more enjoyable than this line of gluten free protein bars.
When I received a handful of thinkThin gluten free protein bars in various flavors, I thought that I would absolutely detest them. I read a lot of reviews that complained about the flavors and so I psyched myself up that they were going to be virtually inedible. Nothing could be further from the truth, though. Here's the deal. If you are old enough to remember when protein bars really started to cross over to mainstream appeal, you know they weren't necessarily a taste sensation. You didn't eat them for the taste, however, but for the protein intake. The thinkThin brand reminds me of an old school protein bar. It is tasty enough, but still has a slightly unpleasant aftertaste that sticks with you. Now, of course, there are a lot of alternatives on the market and I've found better tasting bars but I'd certainly take a thinkThin in a pinch.The different flavors vary in content. Of the four I tried, they ranged from 15-20 grams of protein. The calorie count is fairly significant ranging from 200-240 calories and the sodium content is a bit higher than I'd like as that is something that I am specifically watching. Due to these factors, I see thinkThin as more of a meal on the go when you don't have time for anything else as opposed to a regular snack addition.The four that I tried were Cookies & Cream, Chocolate Covered Strawberries, Chocolate Espresso, and White Chocolate. The bar itself is soft and gooey and just coated with a slight covering of flavor. If you are ordering these to be sent, I'd be cautious about leaving them in the hot sun so watch out for the mail!My preference in descending order (supposing all else was equal) in terms of flavor and how it fit with the bar itself:1) Chocolate Espresso2) Chocolate Covered Strawberries3) Cookies & Cream4) White ChocolateMaybe I wouldn't search out this brand in the future, but neither would I avoid it. They are perfectly serviceable, though. KGHarris, 8/13.
I like that Think Thin makes many flavors for their gluten free high protein bars. This bar tastes okay. I like the coffee beans in it. It has a chocolate taste, with a mocha coffee finish. I think the beans add an extra jolt of energy for me. The bars are really sweet. It takes me about 45 minutes to finish eating one. I have to wash it down with coffee or water. But all the bars are really sweet. I wish they were more natural in ingredients. The one thing I do not like is the chemical aftertaste I get. But, I know this is what all bars of this type taste like. I probably won't buy them again unless they are on sale. I will stick to more natural protein snacks (nuts, meat, etc.) even if they are not as convenient.
DANG!  This is DELICIOUS!!!Now for the "But".....thinkThin has 230 calories AND Soy Protein Isolate.  I'm good with the Whey protein but soy protein isolate raises insulin and actually makes a person gain weight. (Something to do with estrogen.  I can't remember the exact connection.)  HELLO!  Maybe it's a thinkchubby bar.It's basically a protein packed candy bar/brownie and if you think of it as such - IT ROCKS.  If I were younger and more active I'd buy lots of these but they're a little too calorie dense for me.
I've tried lots of protein and meal replacement bars over the years. Some taste better than others. Some are better for you than others.The Think Thin bars have good ingredients, and taste better than lots of the others I've tried.This one, as expected, is chocolatey with a hint of espresso. It's got a think outer coating of chocolate, with a somewhat dry brownie type filling.It's comparable to similar flavored Balance Bars, but I think this one has better ingredients - although I tend to prefer the texture of the Zone bars.The protein comes from whey and soy, and the whole thing is gluten free, but has milk and peanuts. It's got no sugar, and 20grams of protein, for a snack that will give you energy much longer than a candy bar.
I have tried many protein bars and don't like this as well as other brands. I found the taste a little fake. I much prefer the KIND bars (my favorite) or even the Builder's bars, which also can have a fake taste.  I ate this, but won't buy more.
These are a tasty meal replacement bar though relatively high in calories.  The Expresso flavor is quite subtle and chocolate is definitely the dominant flavor.  I am not gluten free and I much prefer Special K bars when I need a quick meal replacement bar for busy times.
This was a yummy snack - I loved the coffee flavor of the chocolate bar. I felt like it was a little higher in calories than I would want to eat for something as healthy as it was supposed to be. But for someone that is gluten free and in need of a sweet treat, this was delicious!
I made a mistake mixing up two diferent flavors of bars in my former review of this item so this review is a correction.  The white chocolate bar is delicious.  It does not have the typical and unpleasant flavor of many protein bars.  It is lightly sweet but just enough.  The coating is a layer of white chocolate.  The inside is not grainy but rich.  It is very satisfying and does the job of filling you up for a few hours of activities.  The item is does not contain sugar and it is not at all a candy bar.  Highly recommended.  However, the espresso chocolate version is chalky, graining and had no taste of either chocolate or espresso.  Not recommended.
Straight out of the package the aroma was a halting sweet and spicy with fruity undertones made even more potent when brewed. It's too bad that the taste couldn't live up to that exciting fragrance. From the name (Green Ginger) I expected to taste a bit more ginger and a lot less pear. To be clear, the tea was all right, but rather underwhelming for this ginger lover.
This is decent coffee, good taste, not at all bitter or strong. The vanilla flavor is milder than other vanilla k cups I have tasted, such as Timothy's.The taste is consistent with Green Mountain in a bag, ground or beans.If you prefer a mild or medium cup of coffee with a hint of vanilla, this is for you.
I've found that this coffee ordered through my office big supply company, and the stuff I get through amazon, has a very different taste.  At home it's pretty good. But the office stuff is very bitter.  I'm rating it 3 stars because it can be very good, but it's not always consistent.  Too bad!
The veggie involved here is dried cauliflower replacing some of the wheat starch in the noodles.  It smells like cauliflower when boiling.  It has a very mild cauliflower taste.In exchange for a slightly unusual taste, the "veggie" version of Kraft gives you:Vitamin C 15% daily value (vs. 1% in the regular version)Dietary Fiber 3 grams (vs. 1.5 in the regular stuff)Those were the only notable differences.  An extra 1.5 grams of fiber doesn't seem like a lot, but that's 12% DV instead of 6%.  For other nutrients, such differences matter a lot less.  The veggie version has 1 gram less fat, but that's only 11 calories worth of fat shaved from a food which is already fairly low in fat, and the total calories end up being the same anyway.  There are some 1% differences in some other vitamins, which doesn't matter.Getting back to the taste...Even though there is only a small cauliflower influence on the taste, I found that it somehow did detract from enjoyment.  Blue-box Mac&Cheese; has a very mild cheese flavor, which works OK when the noodles are normal.  But the very slight added cauliflower taste kind of masks the cheese.If you have kids demanding it 3 times per week, a little extra fiber and vitamin C might be a good idea.  But if this is your guilty pleasure food or just a backup plan for rare occasions, I would stick with the normal stuff.If you want to experiment with healthier noodles, there are several brands of dry pasta with omega 3 fats and added fiber.  They do tend to have a wheaty flavor, but on the other hand they don't have that weird cauliflower taste.
While my family is not major fans of mac and cheese I always keep a couple boxes of the stuff around for food emergencies and/or teen groups. In general we prefer the Kraft brand to other brands or generic but honestly I sometimes mix in a box of generic or two. Times are tough.We found this one to be very bland. For the amount of sodium, fat, and calories I expected far better. The veggie parts are not significant enough once you hit those fat and calorie levels to justify it. We didn't hate the taste - but I wouldn't go out of my way to buy it either. Its probably a bit healthier than regular M&C; but that's not really saying much. Overall - I'd buy it on sale but would not go out of my way otherwise - and if the sale included the regular M&C; I'd buy that instead. It's not quite at the "take a pass people" level but it's not far off either.
This was an item sent to me through the VINE program. The original offer stated 12 boxes, however when received there was only one box, thus my review is limited to one serving of the macaroni. According to the box this is a VEGGIE PASTA with "1/2 serving of vegeatbles". The word used  in "vegetables". However the ingredients on the box indicates there is only cauliflower in the pasta. I have reviewed every speck of writing on the box and do not find any other vegetable being used.  On the back side of the box is written, "there are veggies in here. lots of other vegetables come right at you with their overt vegetableness". (By the way, this is a word I am unable to locate in the dictionary.) I am under the impression that the total ingredients should be listed on the box and apparently they are not. Now for the taste test. This is limited to one serving and I frankly could not tell any difference in the macaroni and cheese. Thus we took one of the regular boxes from our pantry and cooked it to see if we could tell the difference and once again we do not see any difference between the two.If one is to expect a significance difference between the two, it did not come across to us.
Really do not see much point in this version it is not a huge improvement nutritionally than regular mac n cheese, the taste was pretty much the same and if you really want nutrition why not just cook up some actual veggies and mix it into your mac n'Cheese? That is what I usually do but thought I would try these..just Meh I'll stick to regular when I am in the mood and mix in what I like for nutrition.
There is something about "sneaking" vegetables into people that irks me a bit.  If the goal is to eat a healthy diet that includes a variety of foods, this is not likely to ease the transition and merely reinforces in the minds of adults and children that processed food is really very good for us.  If it absolutely the best that you are willing or able to provide, it serves some purpose.  There was no discernible foreign flavor to the finished product although the boiling pasta gave off a distinct broccoli-laden aroma.  As far as flavor, this does not seem to be as cheesy as the regular version so for kids deeply familiar with the original, it may take a bit of convincing.  If boxed meals are standard for your family, choose the ones that offer the largest amount of disguised nutrition, knowing that it can in no way be compared to the flavor or health benefits of the real thing.
Pros:Three times as much fiber as original Mac'n'cheese (3g v 1g / serving)Cons:Costs more than twice as much per serving as original.Bottom Line:Just buy the normal mac and cheese and get your fiber elsewhere.  Nutrition content per serving is nearly identical (as boxed), and as prepared they tell you to use half as much margarine in the vegi mac and cheese vs the normal, so don't compare the "as prepared" nutrition content as you can easily cut the butter down with the normal and still retain great taste.  The normal box is 3 servings with 4T butter, this box is 2 servings with 2T butter, so cut the normal down to 3T and you should be fairly similar.Taste wise I notice very little difference between the two, this veggie mac might have a slight vegi aftertaste, but nothing too offensive.  If the price per serving were closer together I would recommend this mac and cheese.  The difference in taste is nothing as strong as whole wheat vs white flour breads.The bottom line is this doesn't really have any significant quantity of vegetables in it, the first ingredient is enriched cauliflower pasta product, but what this means is that it is enriched wheat flour with some dried cauliflower mixed in.
Kraft Blue Box Macaroni and Cheese Vegi Original, advertised as 'vegie' pasta, is your average boxed macaroni and cheese, satisfying for those in need of a sudden answer for mac/cheese but not, of course, up to the standards of home-baked, thick and cheesy oven mac & cheese. It does have a distinct vegie taste, but is not overpowering or offensive. I did add shredded cheese to the mix when it was cooked as I like a more substantial, thicker mac & cheese. A purist will not be satisfied with this, but if time is an issue and you want at least a facsimile of mac & cheese, this does answer enough, at least as a snack.
I thought this pasta was just okay. I would rather have the regular kind, but I tend to like shells and cheese like Velveeta better anyway because the cheese is more real. This is a sneaky way to get some veggies into kids (or picky adult eaters [as long as you don't tell them!]) but still not as healthy as the real thing of course.
This Kraft Mac and Cheese is trying to stand out in the marketplace by using cauliflower pasta.  Don't worry if you dislike cauliflower- this tastes the same as standard Mac and Cheese pasta.  You do cook it for a minute less than the regular product.While you may be interested in buying this in order to get the vegetable serving, keep in mind you are paying about the same price for a smaller box (5.5 oz vs 7.25 oz).  The silver lining in this is that the calories in an entire prepared box are much lower in this veggie version (750 vs 1200 calories).This product may be useful for sneaking veggies into a kid's diet.  But the veggie amount is low, so you are better off adding fresh vegetables to a regular box of Kraft Mac and Cheese.
I LOVE the original Kraft Mac & Cheese, so I was willing to give this a try.  I have to say it's a disappointment, and definitely misleading.  First off, it's a smaller box with only 2 servings instead of three, and it costs more.  The calories are comparable between the two.  Second, the "veggie" aspect is dried cauliflower added to the noodles and you only get a half serving of veggies in the full serving of mac & cheese. Even if you have a child that absolutelty hates veggies and won't eat them, you can get a full serving of veggies in Chef Boyardee that has more flavor and is filling.  Last, though the original and veggie are supposed to taste the same, they don't.  The veggie isn't bad, per se, but it just isn't as flavorful or "cheesy."Overall, I agree with most of the mid-level reviews here; this wasn't bad, but it wasn't as good as the regular Kraft Mac & Cheese and the helf serving of veggies isn't worth the reduced flavor.
It's delightful to see so many mainstream companies trying to improve the nutritional value of their products.  With this Veggie Pasta Macaroni and Cheese, Kraft has made a nice attempt in that direction with a product that has a very high kid-favored status.The veggies in question are in the pasta itself, which is made of a combination of grain and cauliflower.  It is tasty, indistinguishable from the standard wheat pasta product, and cooks up nicely al dente.  I truly enjoyed it and hope to find more of this pasta (alone) on the shelves.  It is far less tough than the more common tomato and spinach pastas.But that's where the goodness pauses while the powdered cheese sauce mix--still the original formula as far as I could tell--jumps in and loads the meal with sodium.  According to the package, it delivers a whopping 550 mg (23% of the adult daily requirement for someone on a 2000 calorie diet).  That jumps higher (28%) if the product is prepared with the added butter or margarine (I used an olive oil-based spread for just a bit of additional nutrition) and 2% reduced-fat milk (I used 1%, which did not affect the quality of the cheese sauce at all).  The calorie-count is still good at 370 for a full serving, which is half the box and about right for an adult if a salad or some other vegetable is served alongside.  I also added canned water-packed tuna to fill it out a bit so two adults would be satisfied.I'm sure Kraft could lower the sodium content without making the meal less palatable to the children it's really aimed at feeding.  If they do that, then this will become an excellent addition to the pantry shelf.  There's no denying that the flavor is great and the texture is exactly right, with the cheese sauce remaining slightly liquid without turning pasty as it sits on the plate.  Overall, it's a good start, and it certainly would be an improvement in the diets of families used to the regular Mac-and-Cheese products.
Any additional health value gained from the vegetables added to this product is countered by a high sodium (550 mg) and high calorie cound (370 calories).  It's prepackaged food so you don't exactly expect it to be healthy, but if you are going to market your product as healthy then you should be taken to task for it when it is not.  Insofar as other health benefits, it includes 15% USDA recommended amount of Vitamin A and C, but your kids are probably already getting that and then some from their morning breakfast cereal.It tasted fine and was easy to prepare, which is what you expect from pre-packaged food.  It is what it is, a quick side dish for when you are in a hurry.  But a healthy way to sneak veggies into the family's meals?  Not so much.
If I had to choose between the Original Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, and this new Vegi Original, I would have to stick with the good old Original Blue Box.  The veggie version of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese tastes pretty much the same, includes a few minor additions to nutrition, including 15% Vitamin C, an additional 5% in iron, and 2g more dietary fiber...but is this worth the missing 2 oz of cheesy goodness and the higher price tag?  Not really, in my opinion.  When reading the ingredients, it seems like the big addition is cauliflower (which is actually fairly low in the ingredients list).If you're really itching to add more veggie in your kid's diet without them knowing, this is an okay start.  Otherwise, it's not really a significant enough difference to adding veggies in your kids' diet.  I give this 3 stars for tasting relatively the same, but subtract 2 knowing that it's really all a gimmick.
This product compares perfectly with traditional Kraft macaroni and cheese in a box with cheese dust that reconstitutes with liquid.  For that product, it is okay--Kraft has always made the best version.  However, it certainly does not taste as good as the Kraft pasta products that use cheese sauce packed in a foil pouch.
What can I say - it tastes like pre packaged mac & cheese in a box. No better, no worse. The selling point of this is that it is a way to get your little ones to have more veggies in their diet. If they like packaged mac & cheese, they will never know that you snuck a portion of veggies into their meal. As far as buying it because it's sooooo good, this isn't the holy grail. All in all it's as good as any other name brand m&c on the market but made with veggies for (hopefully) a higher nutritional value, which is surely a positive in a product not generally known for it's healthfulness.
This is the same old Kraft Mac & Cheese that we all know and love. Easy preparation and very tasty. I prefer Velveeta because it is real cheese and not powdered. This was ok, I don't think I will buy it for my family. This mac & cheese has a full serving of veggies made into the pasta. This is a good way to get kids to get their serving of veggies in the form of mac & cheese.3/5 stars.
Sometimes we buy products simply because we always have done so... in other words, "brand loyalty". Kraft has a very good and reliable name, and their macaroni and cheese dinner is a good product, and we still expect the best quality from them.... but Kraft has maintained the same standard in this product over the years while their smaller competitors have been changing for the better!Because "Kraft dinner" got a little pricey over the past few years, (around a dollar a box nowadays, depending on where you buy it), I finally relented and tried an "off brand". I picked up a few boxes  of "Our Specialty" brand at the local Dollar General store (total size = 7.25 ounce box. serving size, 2.5 oz. "Prepared" stats: 400 calories, 150 calories from fat, RDA sodium = 30%; 1% cholesterol; 17% total carbs) -- it was 33 cents per box and it simply tastes MUCH better than Kraft Macaroni and Cheese Dinner. Also, the macaroni in the Our Specialty brand holds up better -- it's very tender but it doesn't go flat when you boil it like the Kraft does.A good friend of mine recently re-confirmed my own findings when he said that he bought the brand which is sold at Meier's Stores (a big food chain) around Cincinnati, Ohio, and he experienced the very same results with their store brand.So, maybe it's time that we took a look at more "off brands," clones, and generics. There are some really good smaller companies out there selling some very high-quality food products so don't be afraid to try them, especially when there is such a huge price difference!I hope that you find this review/recommendation helpful.
There are now several varieties in the popular Kraft Macaroni and Cheese line.  This is a relatively expensive (per ounce) variety.  The selling point is that it is a healthy option, as the pasta incorporates reconstituted cauliflower.  Like the other varieties, it produces a tasty snack.Macaroni and Cheese (or just 'Macaroni Cheese', as the British say) is actually very easy to make.  You just boil the macaroni until it is soft and there is little water remaining, then add grated cheese, margarine or butter, and a little milk.  Stir it until the mixture has melted and is coating the pasta, and serve.  Black pepper tops it off nicely.  Using these packets is only slightly more convenient and a lot more expensive, plus you are getting heavily processed ingredients.  I'm not convinced that including some dried cauliflower in the pasta really makes it a healthy option.Actually, cauliflower goes very well with Macaroni and Cheese.  Try adding a few florets into the macaroni when you boil it.  Then, whether you add your own sauce ingredients or use these packaged versions, you really will be getting a tastier, more nutritious meal.
The regular elbow shells of kraft mac n cheese have never been my favorite (everyone knows shapes is where it's at!) These veggie noodles are made of cauliflower apparently, and I prefer their flavor! They are less artificial tasting but just as starchy. The cheese left something to be desired, but we ended up adding bacon and it made it DELICIOUS (not surprising; bacon makes everything better). Overall, it isn't too different from the original macaroni. I would buy it again, but for the most part I'll probably stick to shapes for now!
The Kraft mac & cheese Veggie Pasta seems more like a marketing ploy than a serious effort at nutrition (thinkFruit Roll-Ups, which are "made with real fruit" but have hardly any nutritional value).  There's a slight bump in fiber and vitamin c, but nothing truly noteworthy.  Perhaps because the true veggie worth is "about" (their word, not mine) 1/2 serving of vegetables per 1 cup serving of mac & cheese.That said, the taste change is not starkly different from the original.  I usually make my mac & cheese with some broccoli, tomatoes, or other veggies anyway so this can be a good supplement.  I don't think the drop in quantity from the regular blue box (5.5oz v 7.25oz, or 2 servings v 3 servings) is worth the "health" tradeoff, and it seems most likely a marketing justification to sell you less for more (hey, it's a rough economy for Kraft, too, especially with corn and flour prices rising).Overall it seems a wash to me.  If you are desperate to sneak in any amount of veggies then buy this.  Otherwise, price being equal, I'd recommend the regular mac & cheese, with its extra serving, and just add a few veggies of your own.
If you're looking for a different take on the classic Kraft mac n cheese you'll probably love this. For me it was a little too much cheese so the 2nd box I backed it off a bit - but that's probably just me I like the taste of pasta and cheese not just cheese with some chunks of noodle as a garnish.
i bet your average kid wouldn't notice, but when i tried this kmc i could tell that a slight something was off with the sauce or noodles. it just wasn't like the og kmc--taste seemed...lackluster?hell, go for it to try to get your fam eating healthier, but they may notice the difference too. you could mix it half&half with regular kmc though, and it would likely be a better taste.
They were just okay. I found another type of almond product that I liked much better.
Taste-wise both I and my husband find the taste of Splenda to be an acceptable substitute to sugar.  It is sweeter than sugar by volume.  Normally I take two teaspoons of sugar in my coffee or tea. To get the same sweetness I would use one tea spoon of Splenda.However, my husband noticed that his prostate is significantly more irritated when he uses Splenda.  He tried on a number of occasions stopping and then restarting Splenda while changing nothing else about the diet or daily activity and the symptoms (frequency, burning, stream issues) were perfectly correlated with Splenda consumption.  His doctor confirmed possible relationship. He no longer uses Splenda and the irritating symptoms has not returned.
Splenda is a good sweetener, but once I tried the Vias I never went back to Splenda.  The Vias are more expensive  but do not have the side effects of other sweeteners. Those side effects include loose stools.  If you don't any sensitivities to sweetener types, Splenda is a good economical choice.
Since 2006 I've been purchasing several flavors of Wolfgang's organic soups from Amazon. Wolfgang has apparently by the label picture, re-vamped his old green label soup products particularly the black bean soup. The green label black bean soup I received yesterday was the old plain black bean version. This was not what I wanted nor expected. I wanted the new version with the corn, tomatoes, green peppers, etc. as depicted on the new label. After Amazon could not guarantee that I would receive a replacement item of the new version, they provided a refund. Customer Service was unable to ascertain when the new version would be in stock. So now I will wait to reorder until I read a review that says they received the one w/ the corn etc. in it. Although this old version of black bean tastes okay,(I spice it up a bit and add either sour cream or cheddar cheese), I still have 5 cans left over from my winter purchase and did not want more of the same. I wanted a soup I did not taste the need to add ingredients to it. BTW if you get the old chicken noodle or chicken rice versions they are great w/o additional ingredients.
I'm afraid I don't have a lot of experience with granola bars. I did want something to take the edge off my hunger between meals that wasn't heavy. These are a bit dry, but very sweet.I can understand the attraction because these contain so much fiber. The issue is that they taste so much more like candy. The amount of sugar in them worries me. There doesn't appear to be much more to these than oats.There are two bars inside the foil. They break quite easily and have a tendency to go crumbly. I found that one packet really wasn't very satisfying. The portion is quite small. For an adult I would say two or three of these would suffice with a large glass of water.Overall, I didn't find anything particularly attractive about this brand. I would have preferred something with a little more volume and taste other than over powering sugar.
The first thing you taste when you first bite into these bars is peanut. Then almond followed by berries.  I devour them in a minute.I give them only 3-stars because there is too much High Fructose Corn Syrup in them.My search for the perfect energybar continues !
I echo many of the other reviews...these bars are tasty, nutty, and very chewy.  But if you're looking for a healthy bar, keep looking.  They pack 25g of carbs, and the first few ingredients (right after the whole grain oats) are: corn syrup (sugar!), crisp rice (which contains..sugar), then  and then malt extract (which a google search defines as "thick syrup containing SUGARS, vitamins, and minerals," then just plain old sugar, and as you scan down the ingredients further there's honey and sucrose.  It gives me a sugar buzz just writing about it!By contrast, Kashi's Trail Mix chewy granola bars contain only 6g of sugars (vs this product's 14g!) and have double the protein.  If you're looking for a healthy, tasty granola bar, I suggest you check out the Kashi bars.  If you're looking for something that's just almost a candy bar, you'll find this product tasty and to your liking.
While this product contains "a mix of three different kinds of nuts and seeds, almonds, and rolled oats" it it hardly a healthy product, containing, as it does, five different kinds of sweeteners.  As others have observed, the bars are sticky, so not for someone with fragile dental work.  At 140 calories, they constitute a nice snack, probably slightly better for you than a candy bar.  Actual "trail mix", with the nuts, dried fruit of your choice, is probably a better choice, but for the likelihood of eating many more than 140 calories at once.
I have purchased this item infrequently in the past.  It's an okay item, but no wow factor. Definitely more healthy than most snacks. Taste is okay.  I prefer the all peanut snack bars from Nature Valley.
Carrot cake is my favorite cake and I was looking forward to this. It was almost too sweet to choke down. I gave them to my husband for when he needs an energy boost and has no time to get some regular food.
I've long been a fan of the Haribo gummi bears, and in fact won't even eat most other gummy bears. We had friends in Germany that sent us bags of them every year for Christmas and they always bring back fond memories of childhood. While 5 pounds is a LOT of candy, I thought I'd tried these bears from Amazon as they were a good price with the free shipping. Unfortunately I found them to be considerably harder and more difficult to chew than the Haribos you generally get in the smaller gold bags (or the 1 pound bags our friends would send us). Not sure why this is, and the flavor is otherwise okay. But they definitely do not seem to be quite the same quality and I have to wonder if there is a storage issue or some other problem at Amazon that is causing it as I see other reviewers have mentioned it as well. Still, even harder than normal these beat other gummi bears and hopefully with proper storage at home won't get any harder. I doubt I would buy them again from here though but would stick with other sources I've used online and/or locally that provide better quality.
I am not a fan of sweet tasting sauces, so this was an immediate turn off.  I did not expect it to be quite so sweet.  It also contains seeds which I was not expecting.  My husband like it a little more than I did, but it is too much like syrup to be something we would enjoy using often, if ever again.  The sauce is also a bit watery, not as thick as one would hope so it actually falls off instead of remaining on the meat.If you like sweet sauces and don't mind seeds, then you'll probably enjoy this sauce quite a bit.  If you are looking for something more spicey or salty, then look elsewhere.
Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle sauce tastes exactly like the item's description; it's sweet, (slightly) spicy, and (a bit too) smoky.  I'm always on the lookout for something new to marinade my chicken dinners in, and thought I would give Razzpotle sauce a shot (a marinade was the only thing I planned to use it for).  For the most part it works quite well as a marinade.  I left some chicken breast in the fridge with the Razzpotle sauce overnight and, when cooked, the chicken had a nice, complex flavor.  It was predominately sweet, and just slightly spicy (so if you don't like very spicy foods there is no worry), however, it left a fairly strong smoky aftertaste that I was not fond of.As a side note: All of the ingredients are natural, which is nice.All in all... If you don't mind a smoky flavor than I'm sure you'll appreciate the uniqueness of this Chipotle sauce.
I tried this sauce on ribs and chicken and found it too sweet and overpowering for those meats.  It might be better on very salty meats like ham where you are trying to counteract the saltiness.I found it splendid with cream cheese and on my breakfast egg casserole but I wouldn't have thought to bought it for that use and have other better alternatives.I read the other reviews and disagree that:1)the hot/sweet taste doesn't go together - my Southern taste buds prefer a bit of hotness with most sweet foods.2)too many seeds - maybe if you have dentures but those of us with teeth, the texture is interesting.3)too smokey - I think the smokiness really adds to the flavor.Overall, I am unlikely to make future purchases.
This sauce is very sweet and tastes very similar to sweet and sour sauce.This is a matter of personal taste. It's a bit too sweet for my liking. I've tried it on chicken, steak, and peaches.I've also added some to pizza and my homemade tomato sauce, but in every trial of this product have found it overly sweet for my own palate. First on it's list of ingredients is sugar, unsurprisingly. The second is raspberries.I didn't find it spicy or very hot, there is a slight smokey flavor under all the sweetness.If you have a "sweet tooth", you'll probably like this.Since this is a matter of personal preference, I can't say "buy it."  And I can't really recommend this to friend who are partial to sweetness, as there are so many cheaper seasonings.
This sauce is interesting given it's thick consistency and sweetness, while paired with the heat of the Chipotle pepper. It's tasty, but a little too sweet for my taste. Brushed on lightly as a glaze is the best method in my opinion. Don't try doing that if you still need to broil. This sauce will most certainly burn. There's a lot of flavor going on in here, but it is predominantly the fruit that takes hold. The spiciness is more "heat" than "flavor" as you normally would expect from something with Chipotle.
It has a kick, but we really needed to want sweetness to use it. Tried it with some duck legs (very nice!), some pork ribs (too sweet for us), and I had it on crackers that really went well I didn't have any cream cheese but I bet crackers, cream cheese, and this sauce would be great!Added 080109: well, this stuff has just taken up space in our fridge... I guess it's really too sweet for us.
My first impression of this sauce was that it is WAY too sweet. Like syrup. Personally I don't care for sugary stuff in my dinner. I do like the chipoltle, but I've had it in other types of dishes(Mexican) that I really did enjoy. The Raspolte Sauce has, besides the over-sweetness, and the chipolte kick, a vinegary aspect, which adds up to a sweet and sour sauce, in a good way, not like the nasty orangey or red stuff sometimes found in Chinese restaurants.I was not impressed when I tried it on meats, or pan-fried the meat with it. However, it seemed OK on ham, because it balanced the strong, saltiness of the meat.Then I decided, what the heck, this stuff is so sweet, maybe it would taste good on desserts. I generally avoid desserts, but I helped myself to a bit of ice cream--vanilla and chocolate--and it was way weird for my taste buds. Like putting barbecue sauce on dessert.On my stir-fry it was a success. I make stir fries a lot; it is my favorite way to eat vegetables. I cook up a pot of brown rice, chop up whatever fresh vegetables I have on hand, add fresh or left over meat and fry it in a wok, with oil and a bit of soy sauce or Braggs Amino Acid. When I added a bit of the Raspolte to my surprise, it was good! I think you'll like it this way, too.Salad dressing--nice for those who like fruity, sweet salad dressing. I recommend added some olive oil to it. BTW, I had no problem with the seeds. Berries have seeds, and I like the whole fruit experience.Bottom line--I personally will not buy this product to keep on hand, but I'm glad that I had the chance to try it out. You might like it.
Interesting flavor but probably not one I'd buy more of.  It tastes as you'd expect based on the name... didn't quite work for me.
I ordered this sauce as an experiment to see if it could change the way that I normally eat my food.  I am the type of person who does not need to have exotic foods and flavors, more of a meat and potatoes person.I thought that I would try this out and see if it could change my mind.Unfortunately, this sauce is just another reason I am the way that I am.This sauce and its ingredients have been reviewed by others here on Amazon, so I will add my observations from a layman's point of view.The sauce is a loose liquid with very little thickness and only because of the seeds.  The flavor to me was very sweet and slightly spicy.I rated this sauce three stars, because it did not make me want to continue to use the sauce, but also because I was not likely to enjoy it in the first place.  One or two stars would not have been fair to the product and therefore, three stars is "average."For those reasons, the sauce might appeal to people who enjoy these types of flavors, but for me, it was going to be a tough sell.  It did not pass that test.
When I first took a teaspoon of this Chipotle in my mouth, there was a temporary light taste of vaguely sweet raspberry overcome with a strong and very spicy charcoal taste that lingered. You can smell the charcoal (roasted) flavor long after swallowing. I almost tossed it out.The idea of using it on crackers or taco chips sounded disgusting. Then I baked a thick pork loin chop with it (only the last 15 minutes) and the flavor completely changed to a more subtle and spicy flavor. It was much better than just a Tabasco or ketchup/butter dipping. Then I used it in a burrito with beef, cheese, etc. and it was equally as good. Last try was with a sirloin steak. I marinated it for several hours before broiling it. It was a bit more charcoal in taste, but still adequate. It did overwhelm the natural flavor of the steak, but it was still flavorful. I think the secret is to use it sparingly. I'm guessing it would be better used on a less expensive piece of meat and especially good on a BBQ, which is my next test.It is a bit expensive for Chipotle and food is such a subjective matter. I'd recommend trying it before buying a six-pack of it. I could easily see some people disliking the strong flavor and others probably drinking the stuff right out of the bottle. It works for me.
I've held off from writing a review for Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce until I had a chance to try it on several different recipes. My first attempt to use this sauce to marinade some chicken breast and bake in the oven wasn't so great. I found with that experience that a little bit of this sauce goes a long way.My subsequent attempts have turned out better and I've learned to use less of this sauce for marinades and rubs. The flavor of the sauce is very sweet, almost too sweet for my tastes. But it is contrasted nicely by the chipotle spice. Although I found the sauce not to be too spicy my girlfriend who is less tolerant of spicy food thought the sauce was a 5-alarm fire.In my experience I had better luck using this sauce as a marinade on chicken and pork that I barbecued. I've attempted various oven-cooked recipes using this sauce and for some reason the results don't really please me. Though this is probably more of a shortcoming on my cooking ability than the sauces fault.The consistency of this sauce is a bit clumpy and runny. I guess I was expecting something more of the consistency of traditional BBQ sauce.I'll definitely purchase another bottle for this summer's BBQ season. My bottle did come with a few recipes - the pork chops are particularly delicious using this sauce! I'm also looking forward to experimenting with this sauce to see what I can come up with!
This sounded interesting. It was pretty good, but not my favorite. Maybe the vinegar flavor was a little intense for me. (I'm not a big vinegar fan.) It is very strong flavored, and I can't imagine using the recommended amount. I'm sure some people would like this more than me.
Okay, this is a great sauce to use for stir frys especially with beef and lamb.  The sauce has a 'smoky' taste and hence I didnt think it worked that well for chicken and delicate fish.  Talk about saving time for a quick meal - we love it.  Sometimes, we marinate the meat over night and that makes the meat taste a lot more smokey and flavorful - especially for a non-expensive cut of meat, which we all face in our food budget!it has a very low sodium count of 3% and has not 'bad' ingredients like high frutose sugar, which I just found out that heinz ketchup has - eeeek. We also found a little goes a long way.
The sweetness of this sauce limits its usefulness.  It has a nice flavor but it overwhelmed the pork tenderloin I paired it with.  In the future I will use it as an ingredient in sauces and marinades rather than on its own.I was expecting more balance between the chipotle and raspberry.  The berry, however, over dominates the pepper.  The sauce could almost go on ice cream.  It's that sweet.So, if you've got a sweet tooth that makes you crave sweet entrees, this sauce may be for you.  If not, you may wish to demote to just another ingredient.
I am a chipotle FANATIC and overly picky about what I would consider "chipotle."  It seems lately that every food product has a "chipotle" flavor and most don't even come close to replicating the flavor. I have had chipotle cheese, chipotle chocolate, potato chips, crackers, sauces, salsas, rubs, mayos, etc. and very few actually taste like chipotle or it is too subtle.Chipotle is often paired with fruit in sauces and salsas with mango and raspberry being the most common.  These usually lose the chipotle kick and rarely can the flavor of the chili be tasted.  The surprise with Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce is that it actually has a pretty decent chipotle flavor and the chili holds its own in this sauce.  The flavor deserves 5 stars alone.  Truly fabulous.  The raspberry really mellows out the spice so don't expect anything too spicy but the smoky flavor is at the forefront.What really kills this great flavor for me is the abundance of seeds.  I really am not a seed person (I avoid smoothies with seeds, jams with seeds, etc.) Seeds on fresh fruits are tolerable as they aren't as tough and hard.  Unfortunately this product's seeds are a-plenty and extremely hard.  If I could find a way to strain it (seems like more effort that I want to deal with though) this would be a five star product.If you can hang with the seeds, it is amazing.  I used it on chicken on the grill and in the pan and both were gobbled up! (Toothpicks, floss, brushing and water came shortly after).Am curious how it would do in a slow cooker... anyone?
This is a rather sweet sauce, with a hint smoke. The first ingredient in this sauce is sugar, so for those who don't like sweet sauces, this isn't for you. Contained in this sauce is the following: sugar, red raspberries, jalapeno peppers, peppers,salt, vinegar, water, pectin, chipotle, natural flavor, garlic, spices and natural smoke flavor. Manufactured in a facility that process peanuts, tree nuts, milk, fish, soy, wheat and eggs. Those allergic to those products, this sauce isn't for you. This sauce also contains raspberry seeds, as it's not a strained sauce. Tastes good on chicken, but too sweet for me.
This sauce has a nice sweet zip to it, but it's not anything to write home about. Goes good as a marinade or on wings.
It seems the chipotle is everywhere. Everyone is trying to market on the chipotle craze.  So I had mixed emotions when I first got this sauce.  I expected the typical sweet sauce with little heat.  While the heat in this product is not huge, I must say I was surprised by its smokiness.  It added a nice flavor.  Not too heavy, which is what you would expect from a sweet sauce.  I found this paired well with poultry, but I did not care for it with tri-tip.  But I am not a sweet BBQ type anyway.
I tried convection oven cooking my organic, skinless chicken breast with this sauce.  I even basted a few times during cooking.  All the ingredients sound soooo scrumptious but I was sorely disappointed at the end result.  I could taste the mango flavor really nicely but the number one flavor was SUGAR!!  The meat was just so sweet tasting!!  I couldn't taste any ginger and there was NOT a hint of habanero.  As a matter of fact, I had to add a ton of black pepper just to try to spice the chicken up in order to force myself to eat it.  It turned out ghastly!!  I've tried cooking these same chicken breasts with several other varieties of sauces and found the dijon honey mustard to actually be the best flavor but since I love all the ingredients in this sauce, I was so sure it would be the perfect compliment........ but NO!  Maybe the description hype raised my expectations too high but I am glad I had the opportunity to try just one bottle through this vine program.  I will not be buying this product again!!  If you like your chicken SWEET, this is the product for you!
We made a mango pork last night with this sauce complete with fresh chopped up mango salsa for garnish. All three of us (including someone that used to be on the Food Network) that tried this dish found the Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce a little too sweet for our tastes. We felt the sugary nature of the sauce overwhelmed the flavours of both the ginger and the Habanero. A little more salt and spice and a little less sugar would have created a better blend.That's not to say that the sauce is bad. We sampled the sauce before we marinated the pork in it and the flavour was better than. Perhaps cooking with the sauce emphasizes the sugar. Considering the flavours contained in the sauce, this would make sense.I think this sauce would go better with poultry - perhaps for chicken wings or even a nice broasted hen. I don't think it would work with waterfowl or game animals though. Maybe with a few additional tweaks it could work with a duck breast.In all, this probably isn't a sauce we'll actively purchase. We'll try the remaining bottle with some wings (as mentioned earlier), and I'd happily take a look at the other varieties offered by Fisher and Wieser, but this was a definite one-off.
I am generally a fan of spicy, savory sauces over sweet sauces, but the sweet-and-hot combo of this sauce sounded interesting. And it was! While not perfect, this Mango Ginger Habanero sauce has potential.As a blend of flavors, the mango, ginger, and pepper work well. It's a very Caribbean sauce and would favor that cuisine--it went great with a rotisserie chicken and some pork roast, for example, but not great as a sandwich sauce on a hamburger or a dipping sauce for fries.However ... I can't help but think that this sauce could be even BETTER with a little rebalancing.  While it's good, it's just a little *too* sweet, while not being *hot* enough.  When I see the word "habanero" I expect that sauce to bring the heat!  Here, the heat is sort of like an afterthought, something that chases the sweet after you've swallowed. In order to get serious heat I had to use more sauce than I commonly do, but then the sweet became way too much (can you say "candied ginger"?).A little less sweet, and a little more hot, and this could be a sauce I would buy regularly.
When I saw the word Habanero I instantly thought, " Oh, no this is gonna be hot." But while it had an underlying warmth to it, I ( with my pallid Pennsylvania raised palate) didn't think it was spicy hot. I worried also that it would be a little too mango-y, since I'm not that big of a fruit eater. It was delicate and sweet but not nearly overwhelming.It was just a nice sweet sauce to brighten up the chicken we ate. It had the consistency of jam when it first came from the bottle but as it warmed up it thinned out a bit. I'll definitely try using it on lamb or something soon. Maybe fish.
Wow, I'm impressed at some of the gourmets reviewing this product.  I'm more of a peanut butter sandwich and fried chicken kinda guy, but when I got the chance to review this I must admit it sounded tasty.  That's odd, since I'm no fan of mangos or ginger (other than the occasional ginger ale), but it seemed worth trying.This is a dipping sauce or "finishing" sauce, aka glaze.  We tried it as a marinade anyway when grilling steaks, and that didn't produce much; we like grilling with garlic and bacon, and that is much tastier than this product used as a marinade.  Failed experiment.A couple of days later I reheated one of the steaks and used as a dipping sauce, a la A-1 steak sauce.  Much better results.  I see other reviewers complaining about this product being too sweet, and truly a little goes a long way in that department.  The label refers to itself as "sweet heat," and it's definitely more sweet than hot.  Not bad, but not great either.Overall I'd recommend you pick up a single bottle and try it on your own before ordering a six-pack.  Probably would be better as a poultry glaze.  We'll try that later.  (Footnote a couple of weeks later; works quite well as poultry dipping sauce and glaze; also makes a tasty condiment for smoked turkey on a roll, though a bit runny for the purpose.)
The flavor of the mango was excellent and I would have given this sauce 5 stars for that but I had to dock it two stars for the following reasons:1) Overly sweetened (probably good as an ice-cream topping though)2) Not spicey enough for something labeled 'ginger-habanero'We had some with leg of lamb and it went fairly well, but would have been better with less sugar and more zest. If your taste runs to sweet sauces which are not very spicey then add back stars as appropriate!
I grilled some chicken with this sauce and was not too impressed. Since it was labeled as a "dipping and finishing sauce" I did not put it on until the chicken was just about done, and then used about half the bottle on the few boneless tenders that I was cooking. I let the sauce caramelize a little before taking them off of the grill.When I ate the chicken I did not notice any ginger taste, but there was a slight sweetness that had a faint mango quality. There was a very slight inclination of heat, but for habanero it was weak. Don't be fooled thinking this is going to be hot. Overall I tasted the chicken more than anything else, which was highly disappointing to me. If I knew the sauce was going to be so bland I would have marinated the chicken beforehand, maybe even in the sauce. The sauce seemed rather thick like a puree, so I'm not sure how well it would have marinated anyway.My advice to you is do not depend on this sauce to entirely flavor your meat, use it to layer flavor to top off and compliment a marinaded meat. I did not try it as a dipping sauce, but it probably better suited for that.
At first I wasn't very impressed with this stuff. The first time I used it was on some nice thick pork chops on the grill. It didn't work very well for that and only added a little sweetness to them. Tried it on some chicken breasts on the grill and got the same results, just a slight sweet flavor.When used as a dipping sauce for chicken nuggets or breaded chicken breast strips it worked a lot better. For this it has a pretty good sweet-n-hot flavor. It also works pretty good to add some kick to Hamburger Helper. And you know how that stuff needs all the help it can get.Over all this is a fairly good sauce for when you want something a little different.
The sweet-mild flavor of this mango, ginger and habanero sauce had too little of either ginger or mango flavor to be of much interest to me. It had a mild level of habanero for  heat and was not at all fruity,  just bland-sweet.
Let's go through the main ingredients again - Mango, Ginger, Habaneros - now close your eyes and visualize the taste.&lt;cue in loud sound so you can read the next part> Now open your eyes and taste this sauce - yeup, it probably tastes exactly as you imagined.  Quite an interesting combination - it is absolutely great on chicken, but not the best combo for beef or seafood (I only tried it on salmon).Would I buy this in the store ? (remember, I'm a Vine reviewer and received this product to review for free) No, probably not, but if you want that secret ingredient/sauce that no one can quite put their finger on, but will say, man, that's some great tasting chicken - what's your secret recipe - well I think this is it.  I give it 3 stars because the taste is a bit too unique and is really only great with chicken.
The sweet mango flavor of this sauce comes through magnificently, though the ginger and habaneros are pretty much lost.  It simply doesn't compare in taste intensity with their flagshipFischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, 20-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)sauce.This sauce claims "Sweet Heat," but I really can't detect much heat at all -- if they put 1/2 habanero in this whole bottle, I'd be surprised.Really tastes great, but after marinating (with half a bottle) and then cooking an eye of round, I couldn't taste the sauce at all.  It served well as a dipping sauce, but again, you really had to ladle the stuff on.Again, great flavor, but I'd go with their Razzpotle sauce over this one any day:  it truly has the "sweet heat" balance down right.  WONDERFUL stuff.
I like this product- it's low in calories and all-natural. You know what the things are that are on the ingredient label.The taste is slightly sweet with just a hint of spice that comes across very gradually. My only issue is that it's a very mild flavor. When cooking, it's hard to bring that flavor out. It even gets lost in chicken- so be generous when cooking with it.Otherwise, a good product. Very yummy!
In today's world it seems like people and food allergies are more prevalent, so I appreciate the "Important Information" Amazon provides on this product:=======================Safety InformationManufactured in a facility that processes: Peanuts, tree nuts, milk, soy and anchovy.IngredientsMango Puree, Sugar, Honey, Apple Cider Vinegar, Ginger, Habanero Peppers, Spices.DirectionsRefrigerate after opening.=======================The first thought that came to mind when tasting this product is that its trying to compete with the Sweet&Spicy; sauce found in the asian food section of many supermarkets.Though those asian counterparts use red-chili's, the distinctness of the habanero stands out here in flavor more than spiciness. The hotness of the sauce is toned down to a mild sauce, considering the stigma of habaneros, so I was a bit disappointed there wasn't more "kick" to the sauce.The next thing this does different is adds a sense of ginger. Not a lover of ginger, but very familiar with it because my mother-in-law put is in EVERYTHING. . .this gave it a unique flavor that helps this sauce stand on its own.I'm of the opinion that this sauce goes "best" with poultry, fish and fried foods for dipping (i.e. french fries).Its thick enough you can use a basting brush to apply to whatever food you want.OVERALL:I like the sauce and it provided a good change from what's normally on the shelf of options.Knock off a star for having a mild habanero kick. Its mostly a sweet sauce.Knock off a start for ginger, because that's me. If you like ginger you may find yourself adding a star to the rating.
I tried this marinade with some chicken for the grill and after following the directions and grilling the meat, I was a little disappointed with the marinade.  There was such a lack of heat that I feel the labeling is a little misleading.  Don't get me wrong, there is some heat, but for those that are specifically looking for "habanero" products know what you are in for and this lacks.  For my taste, there is too much mango and ginger and too little habanero.  I even tasted the marinade from the jar and it reminds me of a spicy sweet and sour sauce.Decent flavor, but much more sweet and tangy than hot.
I realize this is different then the Rasberry which we loved.I used this when I sauted Salmon. and was not that impressed!The flavor has a tang to it and it does taste good. But I was expecting more ofa mango/Ginger taste, which I did not find with this!I made Salmon and used this as a sauce. My Husband liked it, but I was disapointed!I also used this on a plate of black beans, with melted cheese on top.Put avocados, cut up tomatoes, onions, and sour cream, then topped it off with this sauce.. It was good, but would be better with a mexican type sauce.Maybe I'm not using this with the right types of food!!The ings in the sauce are healthy, although the second ing is sugar!This is one of F & W sauces I would not buy again, although I'm sure allot of people would love this.
I love habanero peppers, but my husband was appalled to discover I ordered this sauce.  He balked because he doesn't like habaneros, even though I informed him it is a sweet-hot sauce.A surprising turn of events ensued.  I simply cannot stomach this sauce.  It is cloyingly sweet.  There's a little bitty tingle on the tongue, but sweet is the word.  It reminds me very much of the duck sauce served in Chinese restaurants, and the more I taste it, the closer I come to gagging.  My habanero-despising husband, on the other hand, just loves it.  He finished off the whole bottle, dipping carrots in it.  Maybe it's the ginger?If you love really sweet, you'll like this.  If you're looking for hot, you will not.
FLAVOR:You can definitely taste the mango and ginger. It's an incredibly sweet and flavorful sauce.  I tried it on chicken wings, but you could definitely enjoy this on pork chops or turkey.  I could even see this as being an interesting and fun glaze for a baked ham.  Or, use it as a dipping sauce for egg rolls. You can't taste the habanero except as a finish.  You get a slight spicy finish.  Even my anti-spicy husband enjoyed this sauce.  So, if you don't want spicy, that's great.  However, they wrote "habanero" on the label and "sweet heat", both of which imply a spicy sauce.  The problem I see here is that the only people who will buy a sauce with that labelling are people who enjoy heat, but the people who will enjoy it are those who *don't* like heat.  I think the manufacturer erred in the labelling.  It's a medium heat, not a hot heat.TEXTURE:Kind of gelatinous and sticky.  Adheres well to food.  It's the right texture and consistency for glazing and grilling.OVERALL:This isn't to my taste.  It's a little too sweet for me.  But, I can see this as having alot of potential uses for various meats and dipping.  It has alot of potential and is really mislabelled to imply more spice than it has.
To be a Habanero Sauce this is certainly way too mild.  I expected a kick with it but the sauce did not have it.  I would suggest Rothchild's Habanero Sauce over this one if you want a real spicy sweet sauce.  Even the Buffalo Wild Wings Habanero is better than this.  It wasn't bad, just not the sweet & hot combination that I expected.  It was much too sweet, very syrupy, honey sweet.  It contains no preservatives or artifical stuff so I did give it 3 stars for being healthier than its' counterparts but as for the "kick", there was none.
I coated raw chicken tenders in the Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce and while they baked I went upstairs.  Later, I noticed a very unusual aroma at the top of the stairs.  The baked sauce had a peculiar odor which filled up the house.  The chicken tasted alright, but there was not much difference then if had used a sweet and sour sauce on it instead of the mango-ginger habanero sauce.I also poured some of the sauce directly onto some already cooked shredded pork and wrapped it up in a soft flour tortilla.  The sauce still had a peculiar underflavor that although was not a bad flavor, it wasn't all that good either. I found it to be an interesting flavored sauce, but not enough to rave about. It was mainly sweet with a peculiar undertaste taste - sort of chemical-like flavor. The habanero heat was just right - not too hot but a nice, mellow "warm".
I was expecting (HOPING) that this would be similar to Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce which I ABSOLUTELY loved.............sigh it was not to be!I gave it 3 stars NOT because it isn't "Pleasant" tasting but because the name implied that it had a bit more heat....IMO :-(This would have been better described/labeled as "Spicy Mango Ginger Sauce". It is a good choice for those liking their salsa MILD. I however like my  salsa Medium so would have preferred more of a Kick to it.On the other hand the kids liked it fine!Their other flavor, Razzpotle Raspberry Chipotle Sauce DEFINITELY had a nice "SMACK" of heat, nothing extreme mind you but it was labeled in a way that you were expecting something & it delivered...........not so much with this sauce. I LIKE it all right.......just not "Loving" it!You all know all the various "uses" for these sauces so to repeat them would be redundant..........but as to the flavor combo & heat you have my opinion for what it's worth! But DO try the Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce you will be pleasantly surprised. But be aware it is ADDICTIVE!! I ended up eating the ENTIRE bottle myself over thick FULL FAT greek style plain yogurt.......ohhh it was WONDERFUL!!  The cotrasts in flavors reminded me of the little rat in Ratatouillie waxing on about the flavors "bursting in your mouth" mmmmmmmmmmm  :) Drooolll :-P......................BUt I'll have to wait a bit before I buy more as my waistline needs some time to recover! I Really overindulged & I think it will be a repeat on the NEXT bottle to! he-He..
This is the second Fischer & Wieser product I've tried, the first being their overly sweet, jam-like, cloying raspberry chipotle sauce. That tasted more like pancake syrup than a sauce.But since I like trying different sauces I sent for the mango ginger habanero sauce. This, too, is overly sweet but not as bad as the raspberry. I read several reviews saying that there's a lot of heat in this sauce that sneaks up on you as you eat it, but for me it stayed completely hidden and never made an appearance. It was mildly spicy but that's about it. Let's put it this way - it is too spicy for babies to eat.So why three stars?  It has a nice taste to it and I do like how the habanero prevents it from being overwhelmingly sweet. But nevertheless it is still sweet and for me, I can only eat so much of it before it gets tiring. I think this would be best used as a light marinade on grilled meats - just enough to give the meat flavor but not overpower it.
I really enjoyed theFischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauceso I was looking forward to trying the Mango Ginger Habe&ntilde;ero sauce.  This sauce tastes good, and will be put to good use, but the mango nor the ginger flavors really come through.  The heat is very mild too; not as hot as the Raspotle sauce, so don't worry about the habe&ntilde;ero's reputation.  This sauce would go with a lot of things, but not as versatile as the Raspotle.  The sauce isn't real thick, but thick enough to stay put.  No aftertaste, good or bad, with this.
This sauce tastes like many others I've had with this sweet hot combination. I prefer more hot and way less sweet.
This is a very thick glaze to use for anything except beef.  It would be good over a brick of cream cheese or brie warmed in the oven.  You might also want to use it as a dipping sauce for skewers of charred shrimp, chicken, or pork.I found it too sweet by itself, so I would add it to a creamy yogurt salad dressing and mix with grains, veggies, and beans .As others have said, the Habanero in the title makes it sound very hot, but it isn't.
I'll start with a confession:  I lovedFischer & Wieser's Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce.  I was so impressed with the flavor and the perfect amount of heat that I gave that sauce five stars, and picked up aFischer & Wieser Ultimate Sauce Gift Pack.  I wanted to try other flavors, and two extra bottles Raspberry Chipotle wouldn't go to waste, either.So I was really looking forward to the Mango Ginger Habanero sauce.  With a tropical fruit base and habanero peppers, I expected this to be very sweet and very hot.And it is very sweet.  With added sugar and honey, this sauce is perhaps a little sweeter than it needs to be.  I waited after the first taste, thinking that the heat would hit soon, and that would balance the sweetness.  But there was no afterburn.The ginger is also very subtle.  In a way that's not bad, because too much ginger is overpowering.  I suppose the lack of ginger flavor leaves me the option to grate fresh ginger over the finished dish, if I know everyone likes ginger.This is a "finishing and dipping sauce", and you don't want to put this sauce on foods as they're cooking.  Caramelizing the sugars in this sauce would not be an improvement.  I'd take it out of the fridge while gathering the ingredients for dinner, to allow it to warm to room temperature.It worked well over chicken, and will be a good match with pork and fish.  It would easily make a good dessert sauce, maybe over apples or angel food cake or ice cream.  If you're trying to convince someone that hot foods are not always painful, this is a good place to start.  And I'd bet that kids would love it.
I tried this on chicken, fish, rice and it's OK. While I like ginger I found this way too gingery, that is by far the strongest flavor. It is very much like a doctored up duck sauce. It is sweet and mildly spicy but I found it lacked any high note zing which left it kind of flat. It needed a bit of an acid for the missing element maybe some rice wine vinegar or lemon juice. I didn't dislike it but I didn't love it either. I much prefer Island Grove,  Jamaican Hot sauce, it is also Mango Hab. also sweet and not very hot but the curry element adds a very nice finish rather then the ginger.If you love duck sauce imagine it with a tiny bit of heat and tons of ginger thats what you've pretty much got with this product. Would probably be great on egg rolls.
This sauce is a bit too sweet for me!  Interesting but not a favorite.
I have used several of the Fischer and Wieser sauces and was really looking forward to trying this one.  I was just a bit disappointed in what I found.  First, the good:The bottle is made out of plastic, so it is more cost effective to ship and it certainly resists those accidental drops! (Think little hands providing a bit of help here.  :-))The sauce is very thin, which makes for excellent pourability and coverage on food.The spice level is about a two star on a five star rating.  Enough to provide flavor, but not enough to cause one to feel their mouth is on fire.  In other words, it has a nice balance of spice to sweet.Now for the bad:All of the other Fischer and Wieser sauces that I have tried have a lot of pieces of fruit in them and you can really taste that fruit.  This sauce is not like that at all; there are no pieces of actual fruit in it.  This leaves you sort of tasting the mango, but not really.  More you have he flavor of some type of fruit, but you cannot be sure what type it is.I found that a way to fix this was to cut up fresh mango and to mix it with the sauce.  Then, after letting it set for a couple of hours, I found the sauce to be what I had expected.  You could then taste the mango, have a good mouth feel, and enjoy a nice amount of spicyness.I have used this sauce on Tuna steaks, Halibut, Mahi Mahi, Chicken, and Turkey with excellent results (once I added fresh cut mango to it).My three rating is due to the fact that I feel you need to add the fruit that should have been in the sauce in the first place.Enjoy!!
I would like to start by saying that no sauce, hot or otherwise, will be right for everyone or for all types of food.  I have no fewer than 12 open hot sauces in my fridge now and another dozen in the cabinet waiting their turn.  That being said, here are my thoughts about this one:Living in San Antonio I have been using Fischer and Wieser's sauces for quite a while (it's made just north of here in Fredericksburg, TX and most of our grocery stores carry them).  Some are award winning and some are just O-K.  This one is kind of in the middle for me.  When I first sample it right out of the bottle I am struck with the taste of honey, then the mango, ginger and finally the spicy tingle of Habanero.  If you are a chili-head (you know who you are) this is going to seem sort of mild to you.  If a heat rating of 1 is really mild and 10 means that you can hardly stand it, I would give it a 3.  The heat is not overwhelming (to me at least) but the sweetness is.  Still, I enjoy in on fish (it's better on oilier, stronger tasting fish like Salmon).  However, I used it on tuna steaks the other day and my guests loved it.  Here's how I prepared it:I put half of the bottle in a saucepan that contained shallots and fresh garlic that had been browned in butter.  I wanted to cut the sweetness and add a little more depth so I added 1.5 oz. of "More Than Gourmet's" vegetable demiglace.  I sprinkled in one half teaspoon of habanero flakes to give it more heat and added 1/4 cup dry red wine and 1/2 teaspoon of freshly grated ginger.  I reduced it to about 1/2 and poured it over the grilled, medium rare tuna.I have found that this sauce can also be used for a Caribbean-style dish if you add a little vinegar, some Worcestershire sauce, and a good Habanero sauce, like Melinda's.Fischer and Wieser's Mango Ginger sauce is so sweet and thick I would almost classify it as a jam or a jelly.  Still, it is a well made product that many enjoy straight out of the bottle.  For my taste it needs to be modified a little, but I will be keeping on my shelf from time to time along with their other fine products, such as their Papaya Lime Serrano sauce.  Yummy!Melinda's Fire Roasted Habanero & Garlic Pepper Sauce - 5 ozMore Than Gourmet Classic Roastd Vegetable Demi-Glace, 1.5-Ounces (Pack of 6)
First let me disclaim: I'm not normally a food critic. I go by the tip of my tongue, per se, when determining if I like or dislike something... I cook ground beef or out of the box because I don't get too fancy in the kitchen... So consider this the review for guys and kids who hate cooking.The taste was decent. Kind of like a spice-lacking mango goo sauce on top of the meat. I didn't mind because it did add some flavor to the taste but I can't really picture anything that would go well with my meat mango solution. That is, if it were spicy like the ingredients make the stuff sound it likely would go well with some mexican food or chips while watching a game on TV. Instead it's kind of a sit alone meal without really too many things I can think of that could compliment it.If you're into fancy gormet dinners this may add some flavor to your side dish that may go well with some of those dinners... If you just want something to add to a dish at a party or for a quick side dish I don't suggest it.
Tastes mostly of ginger, honey, and mango, which is not a bad combination. There's a hint of heat from the habanero, which is a welcome addition, but is barely perceivable.The sauce is a bit too sweet. The mango would have been sufficiently sweet without the addition of honey. As another reviewer mentioned, this would make an excellent ice-cream topping on a hot summer day. Would also make an effective glaze for lamb and pork.Also suggested by another reviewer, this may make a good foundation for a more complex and versatile sauce. I'd start with a little more salt. Actually, some sriracha would add both heat and salt, which would round out the flavor profile some more. Or try adding chipotle/adobo for heat, salt, and smokey flavor to make an interesting barbecue sauce.It's sweet enough, and fruity enough, that it makes a pretty good spread for toast! No really! It's great.
For a German to complain that something is too sweet might seem strange, but this sauce is too sweet. There isn't enough ginger and jalape&ntilde;o, and their "notes" fade after a few bites.Of course, whether you like a sauce is a matter of taste. If yours leans more to the spicy than the sweet, you probably won't find F&W; to your liking. And it's not a low-calorie product -- one tablespoon is 50 calories.
I was impressed enough with Fischer & Wieser'sRazzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauceto give them another shot.  I love mangoes, and I like some spice in my sauce, so I had high hopes for this combination.Overall I was a little disappointed.  I didn't think the balance was too great, with the ginger taking over too much of the flavor.  There really is not much "heat" here, and I am not sure why they included the habanero.  At best you get a slight tingling aftertaste, but not enough to warrant the powerful pepper.  It could have easily been a jalepeno or something further down on the Scoville scale.Like the "Razzpotle", the flavor is a bit too overpowering to be used as an ingredient.  You are pouring "Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce" on top of cooked food, and that is about it.  I like getting creative as a chef, and props to those who found other uses for this, but I couldn't do much with it except eat it straight out of the bottle.Probably my favorite use for this sauce, and the same with the "Razzpotle", is as a straight jam on toast.  It actually makes a pretty tasty jam, and with all-natural ingredients I don't feel too guilty eating it up.
A packaged substitute for a s'more, the Mallomars have a very thin graham cookie, topped by a large marshmallow, and all drenched in chocolate.  They are alright for an occasional snack, but my children enjoyed these more than I did. My children actually altered the Mallomar to make it a little more scrumptious.  They placed the whole cookie on top of a graham cracker and said it tasted great that way!I'm all for stories, and I liked how they attempt to tell their story on the box--that Mallomars have been enjoyed in New York City for decades, and its most loyal fans reside there.  Now they're spreading across the nation.  Makes you think about what you're eating.
I haven't ever had any actual Mallomars, so I thought I'd give them a try since there was nothing else good in the newsletter.  I like chocolate and marshmallow and cookies, so this should have been good.  They might be if you buy them from a real store.  The box I got though tasted stale.  The chocolate had that white stuff on it and the cookies were kind of dried out.  Some were broken from the shipping too.  So my advice would be if you want some Mallomars to get them fresh from the store and don't buy them off a website.
These cookies are delicious.  In our neck of the woods, they only have the giant Mallomars, so I really like the smaller size of these.  Everyone in our family loves them.  Not the cookies' fault, but these were mostly smashed to smithereens when we received them.  The box looked fine, but the cookies were broken and messy.  Luckily, I got them for us, not for someone else because I wouldn't have known they were all broken because the box was perfectly fine on the outside.  My advice would be to buy these in a local store, they don't ship well, at least the package I got didn't.
I've not had Mallomars before and was looking forward to something similar to a s'more, I guess.  The cookies arrived in good shape; however, the chocolate coating was uneven and had turned slightly grayish white.  The whole thing (chocolate, cookie, and marshmallow) tasted primarily of marshmallow and the dry texture of the cookie gave the treat a slightly gritty feel on the tongue.On the whole, it was an okay sweet treat but not something that I care for.  I tried a couple and will throw the rest away. I don't know if the box I got was indicative of the cookie on a whole, but based on my box, I can't recommend the product.
I admit that while the structure of this cookie seems familiar, I'm not particularly acquainted with "Mallomars". Now, to start with, I'm a cookie lover, a marshmallow lover, and a chocolate lover. This has all three -- they are practically s'mores with cookies instead of graham crackers. But eating them I can't help but feel like they are just really in 'average' department. The mallow part is somewhat tough, and there's only a thin layer of chocolate. I like the cookie part, but it's not enough to give the whole thing a higher rating -- especially as it's pretty expensive (over $5 for an 8 oz box) and though it's a small nitpick, it's hard to recommend anything, especially something meant as a snack and already high in calories, with high fructose corn syrup in it.Maybe if they were a bit healthier and tasted a bit less....processed....I'd give it higher marks. But not with all the factors in play.
I loved these cookies as a child. The box I received as a Vine reviewer was a little stale though. The chocolate crumbled like it had been refrigerated- an issue with shipping I assume. Some of the cookies had lost their graham cracker bottom in the box.  While still enjoyable, the cookies were not quite as tasty as I remembered them.
While one cookie is only 60 calories, the first thing you notice is that they are very, very sugary.  This is borne out by the ingredients, which are indicated in the next paragraph.  The dark chocolate coating is noticeable, but I personally would have preferred a thicker coating.  I suspect that the package was exposed to some type of weather because parts of the dark brown coating were pale brown, which normally happens to chocolate when it is frozen.  This does not affect taste but does detract from appearance. The cookie is crumbly; in fact, many of them in the package were in pieces or stuck together so as to break when separated.  The marshmallow part is soft and melts in your mouth.The ingredients, in order are:  sweet chocolate coating (sugar, chocolate, cocoa butter, chocolate processed with alkali and soy lecithin - an emulsifier, milk), enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, vitamins B1 and B2, folic acid), sugar, high fructose corn syrup, corn syrup, canola and/or palm and/or palm kernel oil, invert sugar, water, gelatin, leavening (baking soda, calcium phosphate), salt, soy lecithin (emulsifier), artificial flavor.  Amazingly, the cholesterol is 0 mg.
For as long as I can remember, Mallomars have been in my family's home about this time of the year. I love the crunch of the cookie mixed with the soft, marshmallow type filling and that chocolate coating. Yum!They may not be a healthy snack; but nonetheless they are delicious--and great for a quick sugar "pick me up." They just plain taste good--that is, as long as you open the box to find that you have fresh Mallomars inside. It's a hit or miss thing here; most of the time these cookies are wonderfully fresh but every so often you get cookies that are going stale--and in my experience when the cookies begin to go stale the chocolate covering turns a lighter color, too.The particular box I got from Amazon was only somewhat fresh; and it was so poorly packaged that most of the cookies had broken into pieces with crumbs getting all over the place--that's not the way I am used to Amazon packing things for shipment!I have nothing against the Mallomars cookies themselves. However, the cookies just aren't invariably fresh.Here's hoping you DO enjoy fresh Mallomars!
When I first opened the box, I thought I had been sent an expired pack..the chocolate had a foggy, powdery look to it, like it was old. These cookies are in a plastic container in two rows...just like how Oreo's are packed, one right next to another. I don't know if these were at one time stored in warm place, but each cookie was melted to the next, which means when you try and separate them, they completely fall apart.Aside from the horrendous packaging, these are very tasty...that is, if you can get a whole one. The graham cracker bottom crumbled on most of the cookies I tried to pick up, and the marshmallow top would stick to the cookies above it. If they can find a better way to package these, they would absolutely be something I would purchase in a grocery store. They're small (which was a nice surprise, I expected them to be twice as large) and chewy and great for a quick chocolate fix. A shame they're packaged so poorly.
I remember these type cookies from years ago.  And was looking forward to 'reliving' the past.  The box came and when I opened them, the cookies were, well, a bit broken.  Somehow many of them had come apart.  There was no reason for that to have happened, other than quality control issues at the factory.That being said, the taste was, well, not as good as I had thought it would be combining all those flavors in one.  While I have eaten a fair number (can't pass up chocolate) the quality and consistency of this Nabisco brand left a lot to be desired from a national brand company.If they get their production process straightened out and get the taste right, then this will be a great product, reminiscent of years gone by.I for one won't be buying any of these any time soon.
Since I don't spend much time in New York City I've obviously missed the Mallomars excitement which is supposed to grip the area each fall.  I had no idea I was requesting a legend when I clicked on that little box to chose these cookies.So-o-o, don't get me wrong here, I didn't like them a whole lot, but I also didn't hate them.  More or less a simple shrug of the shoulders.  Definitely not something I will be looking for in the grocery store.  A small graham cracker type cookie with a dollop of marshmallow on top then encased top to bottom with a dark chocolate. For me a three-bite treat, for my husband, two bites.  There was a *snap* when I bit into the treat, but that poor cookie was terribly dry and crumbly.  It's the chocolate coating which gives it that snap sound.  Three of the eighteen cookies in the package had come unstuck from their marshmallow so they weren't beautiful, but they certainly did taste the same as the others.  No cookies were broken otherwise or crushed.  The packaging seems to have held up very well since these traveled by SmartPost.  When enjoyed with a cup of hot tea this 60 calorie cookie was pleasant enough, but was not special for me.  Down here in the South we have a concoction known as a Moon Pie.  It has all the same elements, but in a larger size.  Even though I haven't had a Moon Pie in several years I can safely say these Mallomars have not tempted me away from my Southern roots.
I decided to try these since I remember eating them as a kid (decades ago) and they are still quite tasty. Mallomars are a combination of crisp cookie bottom with marshmallow on top covered by a chocolate coating. My 11 yr old son and 13 yr old daughter are looking forward to eating more this evening. We tried them both with and without milk; decided they are better without milk.The only negative (and it may be because these were mailed to me as single box in an envelope) is that many of the cookie bottoms had separated from the marshmallow top
Chocolate, marshmallow, and a graham cracker-like cookie?  S'mores?  No, Mallomars!  Tastes fine.  The Marshmallow is a little too firm but the chocolate has a nice flavor. . . . No, ok, stop - I'm sorry but I can't really go on here.  People wait for these each year?  I mean, sure, it's a nice cookie and a bit different but the attraction is lost on me.And Nabisco makes them only for a limited time each year?  A nice marketing move but is that really necessary or is it simply the way it maintains interest?  I don't mean to offend those who love this cookie.  I have my own favorite foods that others probably could never understand.  Look, it does taste good but so do a lot of other cookies.  I wouldn't turn one down if offered but I wouldn't go out of my way to get them either.
I havent tasted these since childhood, but they taste as good as I remember them. They were not stale. Unsure if I'd purchase these regularly, but I enjoyed the treat!
It's been many years since I tried Mallomars, and my wife and child never had them before...this seemed like a good time to introduce them to a childhood favorite of mine.While the box boasted a picture of dark chocolate, the inside was a different story. The Mallomars looked dried out since the chocolate was a light brown color. The marshmallow was not centered on the cookie at all. I can't speak for every box of Mallomars, but this batch seemed pretty below average.[Pls see the picture I uploaded to the "Customer Images" section for reference].Each of us had a different reaction upon tasting them. I found the marshmallow to be a lot chewier my childhood recollection, and I liked the chocolate. My spouse thought the cookie itself was dry and the chocolate was without flavor, and our child went right for the marshmallow, separating it from the cookie and eating the cookie last.Overall, these were okay. Not bad, but not earth-shatteringly good. Hopefully our next batch will be tastier.
I remember loving these cookies so I was super excited to get a box through Vine. I'm not sure how much the shipping packing from Amazon played into account in my disappointment or if it was all due to Nabisco. The box was pretty damaged when it got to me, dented in several places. When I opened the package, almost all of the cookies were in some state of falling apart- more so than you would expect from the damage the box showed, which is why I'm wondering if some of it came from the factory that way. May of the cookies were coming apart, the top half separated from the cookie bottom. Those that weren't in 2 pieces had the the cookie part crumbling.Despite their sad state, we managed to eat several cookies, holding them together when necessary. And I am sad to say that they were just "OK", not at all like the Mallomars I remembered from 10 or so years ago, which is probably the last time I had them. My husband agreed that they weren't quite the same. I thought the texture of the cookie was not good, it was very crumbly. The marshmallow was OK but the chocolate didn't taste all that good. Overall, they were just eh, not at all worth the calories, in my opinion. My kids will probably finish them off, though, as they seemed to enjoy them well enough.
I had never tasted these before. That they appear in the fall, and presumably are not available at any other time of the year (?), seems delightfully old-fashioned.What can one say about a sweet treat which consists of cookie, chocolate, and marshmallow? What's not to like? They do seem a little dry, and might be better accompanied by a warm drink. They're good, but they're not great. My guess is that they might be especially popular with children.
SO this is an unusual version of a healthy snak/power bar. Im slightly torn about the texture/taste and consistancy. Its not bad, and it not great.. more like.. ehhhh?! If your loking for something different, then this is it otherwise stick to what you already like.
I was looking for a relatively natural, decent tasting, low glycemic index bar.  These aren't very filling and don't taste that great.  Given I am hungry a half hour later, I wonder if they are not low glycemic, or if they are just insubstantial.I find that I prefer either Luna Mojo bars which are low glycemic and much more filling or GNU foods Flavor and Fiber bars.
These are ok, but a bit too tart IMO.Not a knock on the product, but amazon vine promised a pack of 12, I only received one bar.
I wasn't a fan of the taste of this variety.  I have tried both the blueberry and the cherry cashew, and I much prefer the blueberry.  The size is adequate for a snack, and the texture is fine - I was just put off by the taste.I like that these use organic ingredients and are primarily a fruit and nut bar. It would make me feel better about snacking than if I were to eat a candy bar. However, I wouldn't get this flavor if given a choice.
Firstly, I thought I'd be getting a box of these thru Vine, but once I tasted this bar, I wasn't disappointed any more that I only got one. I did think it rather humorous, however, that this huge box contained one little bar.These smell really good, probably due to the fruit juice used as the sugar source in them. And the flavor is nutty and tastes very much like blueberries, moreso than most "blueberry" products. But that's where the pleasurable parts end. The texture is like someone sat on your Great Aunt's fruitcake on a long trip to Oshkosh and then gave you a slice. It seems compacted and gooey. Nothing you'd want more than one of. Ever.Solution to factory-made bars? I have been making my own for about 3 months now. I use whole wheat flour, wheat germ, whole oats, vanilla, bananas, dates, raisins, figs, dried cranberries, hazelnuts, coconut, honey, eggs and brown sugar. Sometimes I add bits of organic chocolate. That's it. I bake them for about an hour and they are light, fluffy, chewy and fantastic. They only take about 10 minutes to mix up and cost about 2/3rds less than a box of granola bars and I get about 3 times more bars. And each one is practically a meal because I cut them large.Why can I do this so cheaply, quickly and easily, yet a food factory with a big budget can't seem to make a decent granola bar? Overhead and corporate silliness, I guess.
I enjoyed this cherry cashew date bar.. until i almost broke a tooth on a nut shell fragment.  Ouch.  That happens with processed nuts, though.Wait, the package says "Nothing processed." as part of it's natural-organic hype.  That's a little dishonest IMHO (it takes "processing" to remove nut shells and to get the nectar from agave plants).Likes:* Good texture, flavor.* Reasonable sugar content @ 17g.* Very low sodium.* 3g fiber, 7g protien.* Organic ingredients.Dislikes:* Hype on the packaging is a little excessive.  "No refined sugars", ok, but agave nectar is processed, refined (well, reduced) and just as bad for you (see recent studies).* Nut shell fragment--ouch--hope that is rare.Overall this is a tasty snack, especially if you have a restrictive diet (gluten free and vegan).
As part of the Amazon Vine program, I received a Cherry Cashew bar to sample and review. My normal breakfast routine consists of green tea and a Luna bar, so I was interested in comparing and possibly having a different alternative.The ingredients are good: it's certified organic, gluten-free, has protein, Omega-3 added in, and it's vegan. There is no gluten, dairy or soy for people who are allergic to those. Of course, there are cashews, which are frequently processed in plants with peanuts, so I'd recommend people with peanut allergies steer clear of this bar.It has slightly more calories (200) than a standard Luna bar, and 9 grams of fat. That seems a little excessive, even accounting for the cashews in the bar itself. There are 4 grams of fiber, which is decent. The other nutrients of measure in the bar itself are mostly minimal, which makes it hard to believe the claim that the bar contains a "full serving of fruit". It is low sodium, to boot.The flavor, as other reviewers have commented, was very much reminiscent of fruitcake - only a little more dry, and with nuts. If you are a fan of fruitcake, you might like this.
These aren't bad, but aren't my favorite snack bar.  I wasn't terribly impresses with the flavor or the texture.
I have definitely had worse.  My wife said she would not eat another one.  If I was one a health kick this would be a nice afternoon snack.
Although not too sweet and with a good fruit flavor and texture, this Pure Bar did not live up to its billing.  The name says Cherry Cashew.  However, the fruit flavor was largely of dates, which are the number one ingredient by weight.  The cashews in the bar are completely overwhelmed by the walnuts, and I could not detect any cashew tones.  If this had been labeled Date Walnut instead of Cherry Cashew the flavor would be matching expectations.
I am always on the hunt for something that I can keep with me or use as a breakfast-type item...I am just not a person likes to sit down and eat a full breakfast. So, when I got the chance to try the Wild Blueberry flavor of the PURE Organic Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, I figured I may as well.I have tasted some absolutely hideous bars, and I have had some that I quite enjoy. This was sort of in the middle - the flavor was a bit on the bland side, though certainly not horrid. There was a hint of sweetness, and it did fill me up for a bit (I ate it as a mid-morning snack, and it kept me OK until about lunchtime.). It's healthy enough, though it could be trouble for people with allergies...the allergy statement says "Contains cashews, walnuts, almonds. This product is produced in a facility that processes soy, milk, egg, wheat, peanuts, fish, tree nuts.".Long story short - if I was given one, I would eat it. If they were on sale, I may buy them. For full price, I prefer the Lara Bars - particularly with the ability to purchase them at Costco. They just seem to have more flavor.
The first thing I noticed unwrapping the bar was how unappetizing it appeared, but how glamorous can an energy bar really get, right? Seriously though, try to get past the appearance.The texture is pretty typical for an energy bar - chewy, but not as tough as a PowerBar, for example. I don't believe PowerBar makes blueberry bars, so that's one reason to choose Pure. I've noticed comparisons to the filling of theFig Newton(a delicious cookie I might add!), and I'd agree that's accurate. The blueberry flavor is not that prominent, however. I wanted to taste more blueberries, but having more than one bar at a time isn't a healthy choice. Each bar contains 8 grams of fat and 19 grams of sugar.Overall a good balance of fruit, nuts, and texture, but be prepared for lackluster taste.*EDIT November 10, 2011*I'm actually beginning to enjoy these more. I can't have dairy products, which many energy bars usually contain, but the Pure bars are free of dairy, so I have to acknowledge it. I've been trying different flavors and bringing them while hiking or out and about, and they give me a boost when I really need a snack. I appreciate these much more than I once did.
Of course, what different people like in food is a matter of ... well ... taste.  But I for one did not like this bar.  I found it tart and unnatural tasting, nothing like the cherry flavor that I was expecting (it didn't taste like real cherries, marachino cherries, or the fake cherry flavor that so many candies come in, it just tasted like a mixed berry type of bar with all the sweetness sucked out by the preserving process).  It was chewy and stuck in my teeth (not what I was expecting either).  And the nuts were mushy (probably because of the fruit).  I had given half to my daughter (4 years old) and started on the other half.  She liked it so I gave her the rest of mine after a few bites.  But even she was just okay with it, not wanting to throw it away but also not gobbling it down like she does with most granola bars and fruit bars.  I do not recommend this bar for taste at all.On the health side, it does have a lot of healthy ingredients (if you can overlook the few chemicals thrown in to preserve and improve taste).  And it wasn't high in calories like many bars are.  I wouldn't overlook this if you are the type of person who wants to eat healthy on the go and doesn't mind the taste (my father in law probably would have liked it, his food is often very bland and unappealing but he eats for health only).
Right out of the wrapper, this bar doesn't exactly appear appetizing.  Taking a bite of it, though, I found it to be pretty good.  This is definitely not a good snack for anyone with nut allergies, as it's studded with nuts.  If you're not allergic, it may make for a nice snack, if you are not bothered by the following.First off, the primary flavor of this bar comes from the ground dates.  While I could taste the blueberry in it, it was more something that would sneak up on me every few bites or so.  Mostly, it tasted like I was eating a ground date bar.  The nuts provide a nice crunchy contrast but, like the blueberries, I only encountered them every couple of bites.  If you're a big fan of dates, you would likely really enjoy this bar.  If you don't like dates, this is definitely not for you.The thing that really held me back from truly liking the bar, though, was the texture of it.  I liked the crunch of the nuts, but the bar has a very grainy texture, which is also a result of its being mostly dates.  With each bite I took, I liked the flavor and really wanted to like the bar, but I just couldn't get past the texture.  I like the concept of it, but I think it would have tasted better if it had fewer dates and more grains, giving it more of a granola bar texture.
Pure bars have a dense, oily consistency, similar to fruitcake.  I'm not crazy about the taste, though they would be great to have on hand when hiking or when in need of an energy boost.  The ingredients are healthy, but 190 calories is a little on the high side for my mid-day snack.  I would probably not buy these...I would rather eat fruitcake.
My family takes a lot of fruit and granola bars for snacks. My husband is a teacher and carries a couple in his briefcase for when he needs a quick pick me up and both kids take one for a morning snack. We all like chewy bars so this seemed right up our alley.The flavor was pretty good. If you are looking for a chewy snack though, this might not be your thing. The fruit bits were chewy enough but the rest of the bar was like a soft cookie.What turns me off entirely to this product is the price. For what's listed as the normal price, I would expect to pay for a power bar that is about twice the size of this healthy snack.I'm afraid my family is going to be staying with standard granola bars for now. While they may not boast all the nutrition of Pure Bar Organic snacks they are a lot more affordable when you are going through 12 of them a week.
This is a product review for those of you that don't regularly eat health bars and are looking for one to try.The nitty gritty of the ingredients per the manufacturer: Organic; Raw; Gluten-Free; Certified Kosher; Certified Vegan; Healthy; Delightful. Natural Food Certified. Eat pure--live pure. 400 mg Omega 3. Low sodium. 4 g Organic fiber. 1-1/2 serving fruit. No artificial nothin': no refined sugar; no preservatives,; no trans fats; no cholesterol; no dairy; no GMO's; no gluten; and no soy. All-natural product. Natural fruit sugars. 15 Essential vitamins and minerals, antioxidantsNow to the taste test: The first taste was great, I really liked it, but then I got a bit of an aftertaste in my mouth. I finished the bar, and the taste was fine, but the aftertaste did not go away. Whether it is just part of the "healthy" ingredients or what I don't know. If you are pretty picky on taste these might not be for you. I am someone that just can't stand the aftertaste of diet sodas, and am not too much into health bars because of their taste.I imagine those people who eat health bars regularly might enjoy the taste more.
Pure Organic Raw Fruit & Nut Bars say:  Nothing Cooked.  Nothing Processed. Artificial Nuthin'.  Further claims are:Certified Organic (by Quality Assurance International (QAI)Gluten FreeFull Serving FruitOrganic ProteinRich in Omega-3sGood Source of FiberRawVeganConsistency:  Dense, moist bar - blueberries discernibleTaste/Ingredients: The first ingredient in the Wild Blueberry Pure bar is dates.  In fact, blueberries rank #5 on the ingredient list and they are combined (infused?) with organic apple juice and organic sunflower oil.  The Wild Blueberry bar taste reflects the ingredient order - much more of a date bar flavor than a blueberry bar flavor.I couldn't compare the Pure bar directly with Larabar or Soyjoy (what I had on hand) because I didn't have the same flavors in those brands - on hand- Soyjoy Strawberry Bar & Larabar Apple Bar.  Taste-wise, the apple & the strawberry bars tasted more like the real fruit, while the Pure blueberry did not; however, density & moisture seemed to be about equal in all bars (Soyjoy was a smaller bar at 1.06 oz)Nutrition:  This is a single serving bar that packs a calorie count of 190.  The protein count is 6g and total fat is 8g.  Fruit & Nut Bar-wise this bar ranks right in there with similar fruit & nut bars (Larabar & Soyjoy, although Pure seems to have a bit more protein).Overall Impression:  For my tastes, while the fruit & nut bars (Pure, Larabar, Soyjoy, etc.) are convenient & easy to carry around, I more apt to stick with real (unprocessed) fruit & nuts, especially given the caloric count in each bar and the fact that the flavor doesn't send me to the box wanting more.
The Pure organic bar is lacking in flavor but it is a good substitute for a meal if you are in a hurry or in need of a snack.  It's moist and not crumbly like granola bars and while the flavor is bland, at least it doesn't taste awful like so many other energy bars.I am not a nutritionist nor do I go out of my way to eat healthy, but that this bar is certified organic and has a lot of natural products in it which is a plus.For energy bar, it'll do.
The taste is good, with the blueberry predominating, followed by the nuts, and I tasted more walnut than cashew even though cashew was listed first in the ingredients list. The gluten-free bread is chewey and not too bad, just a little doughy/dry - quite acceptable with a glass of milk though! Nutritionally the bar is a bit high on carbs, moderate on fat and low on sodium. Better for hiking than home snacking IMO.
This super dense fruit bar was about on par with others I've tasted -- and that's not saying much.  First off, the grayish color is not very appetizing, the moistness felt strange being also that it is so dense and jam-packed with a mush of everything, and the flavor itself was overall flat, although there were hints of sweetness here and there.  Since I tend to think that most bars of this sort are pretty gross to begin with (!), I gave this one three stars because it certainly wasn't worse than the others, it is a hearty little snack, and I'll give credit for the natural ingredients.
I'm not usually a fan of power bars and the like. They strike me as fake food.  The Pure Bare Organic Cherry Cashew Raw Fruit and Nut Bar, however, is good -- and real.  It's tart and tasty and surprisingly filling. You can see the bits of real nuts and the cherry taste is amazing. A mom recommended snack.
This bar has a rather odd soft texture and an earthy but pleasant nut taste with only a hint of blueberry.  It seems as though it may be somewhat healthy but overall I can't get too excited.  I would rather just have a few roasted almonds and dried apricots for example which would be equally healthy and just as tasty.
Considering that this is a "cherry cashew" bar, there was little distinctive cherry or cashew taste to this product.  The texture was appealing and it is nice to have visible pieces of nuts vs. ground meal but in a blind test, I would have described this as a fruit and walnut bar of some generic type.  Even though it does not contain milk, the fact that it is made in the same plant with dairy products makes it questionably vegan. Reminiscent of Lara bars but not nearly as good.
I'll keep the date puns short, but I'm not a huge date fan and it's the first ingredient. While there is a subtle taste of cherry the predominant flavor was clearly dates.Unfortunately, the bar I ate had multiple nutshells in it and I had an awkward crunch on what should have been a soft and chewy item.Don't consider this a protein bar. With 6 grams of protein along with 14 grams of sugar and 9 grams of fat, this is a snack bar and not any type of meal replacementBetter than a brownie, but not by much.
I really liked the flavor of these bars, but the texture was kind of grainy. The size was a little smaller then the average nutrition bar, but it was pretty filling. I really liked the fact that it is organic, because I do buy a lot of organic products. I just think they could improve a little on the texture.
First off a warning for all Celiac suffer's: Despite the wrappers thrilling proclamation that this product is Gluten Free, it also admits that it is made in a facility that processes wheat products. For super-sensitive suffers like my dad this bar is squarely in the No-No column.That being put forth the bar itself is actually pretty good as far as taste. There is a very definite blueberry flavor which is both sweet & tangy. The downside is that it is very small and that I needed to eat 2-3 of these to achieve the same sustenance that is equal to a Kellogg's protein bar or Luna bar. If you want flavor and are willing to pay for it then you might not be put off by the fact that you need to eat several to feel full.I work in construction, a lot of time I get too busy to stop and eat a proper lunch and I live on protein bars to get me through the afternoon. So far my favs are the Power-bar Harvest bars and the Peppermint stick Luna bar for sustenance and flavor. It would be really neat if the Pure bar was bigger and could offer the same feeling of fullness and energy because these would blow the Cliff bars right off the planet.(sawdust, anyone?)I loved the flavor, I just wish there was more of it so I didn't have to eat so many as protein bars are not cheap it's good to get as much as you can from them, unfortunately only one Pure bar left me hungry less than an hour later.
I was not overly impressed with this flavor of raw fruit & nut bar.  It was okay... not bad but not great.  I don't think I would buy this flavor.  There was a lack of nuts and the cherry and cashew flavors just did not seem to go together that nicely.  The texture was fine (aside from the lack of nuts).The Wild Blueberry Pure Bar is definitely my favorite and worth seeking out.  Cherry cashew - not so much.  I still give the cherry cashew version 3 stars because it is organic and contains all recognizable ingredients and is pretty healthy.
It is hard to review something when do don't know how others will use it.Is this item healthy? It depends on how you look at it.It has 17 grams of sugar, only 7 grabs of protein, and only 3 grams of fiber. At 190 calories it also has 70 of it's calories coming from fat.It tastes really good, and would be a good candy bar replacement for a child, or a good fuel for a long hike or bike ride, where you need carbohydrates, but for anything other than intense aerobic exercise I don't think it is suitable because of the high sugar content. Kashi products often will get you less calories, more fiber, and more protein, (thus making you feel fuller after eating) and so make a better meal replacement or simple snack.190 calories and 17 grams of sugar is calories and sugar be it from an organic food bar or a Snickers.If you're trying to lose weight, I would not recommend it, get something with less sugar, more protein, and more fiber. But if you're packing for a hike or a bike ride or running a marathon, by all means eat away.
Pure's line of snack bars are tasty and somewhat nutritious, but I have a few hesitations from recommending them wholeheartedly:* Though I understand the benefits of eating raw foods, I have to question the advisability of manufacturing raw products for mass consumption.  There are so many points along the process where contaminants could be introduced, and in a product that is never heat treated, harmful bacteria could multiply unchecked and cause serious food poisoning (as seen in an unpasteurized, mass-produced line of apple juice a few years ago).  Organic products are not safe from this.  If Pure is taking any kind of measures to ensure the safety of its uncooked products, they haven't mentioned it.*  For 200 calories per bar, I'd really like a more substantial snack than the six grams of protein these bars offer.*  The texture is a little grittier than I like.My reservations about food poisoning will prevent me from buying these.  Otherwise, I likely would have bought them occasionally as a semi-healthy snack.
This bar was actually not as terrible as I thought it would be - I had tried another all natural fruit bar recently that tasted like a compost pile, so this was actually refreshing.  It should be called "Pure Bar Organic Wild DATE" because it tastes and has a texture like dried dates (which is fine, I like dried dates) with a hint of blueberry.  It does smell blueberry-ish though.  The first few bites were really good and I kept thinking that it reminded me of eating a fruit roll up... but maybe having 70 of them smashed together and eating it in one bite... a kids dream.  I didn't like the nuts in the bar.  I probably would have preferred it if it was a fruit only bar, for some reason the nuts threw me off and I got about half way through and lost interest.  My husband had a few bites and also had a similar reaction.Not sure how much energy I'd derive from it compared to other food bars, but even as a processed packaged food, it tastes light years better than most of the other bars I've tried.
Look, I appreciate healthy food as much as the next person, but this thing just wasn't that great.No weird chemical ingredients and not too heavy on the calories- not too bad!But it was a sort of grainy sort of chewy type consistency I just found a little gross.Tasted like blueberries, but in more of a subtle way. Like a fig newton- but I like fig newtons more.
This fruit and nut bar did not taste bad. More nutty than fruity. Certainly nothing that was hard to choke down.But the taste was not that good either. In fact, had it not been labeled "wild blueberry," I would not have noticed any blueberry taste. Even knowing that taste was there, it was hard to pick out.If you believe the advertising on the packaging, these "pure," "organic," "uncooked" bars are as far from junk food as you can get. That's good, I suppose.For me, though, I'll stick to fruits, nuts and vegetables in their real unprocessed form. Like blueberries, almonds, apples, and the like. Better, I think, than these bars.
It probably should be called a "Cherry-Cashew" flavored date bar.As far as an energy bar goes (which I like to enjoy before hitting the gym) this is a pretty clean and pure alternative, but not particularly high in protein. The taste was OK as compared to other energy bars I have tried, and I don't have any food allergies that I am aware of, so I would not personally choose these over and above other bars. The current price does not seem too outrageous, if the shipping is free so the value is fair, if you really need a bar that has ingredients like this one has. The label states 1.7 ounces, 190 calories with 8g fat and 7g protein (its all those nuts) so it compares to other energy bars but with lower overall numbers because it is smaller.I wish that I had more of these to try and see how consistent they are and if they really help when you are exerting yourself but I only received one. I wish that I had enough to share with my family and friends to see how they like them, but I only received one. I wish that I had one to keep in my bag for when I am hungry and need a snack, but I only received one.However, they are not in the business of passing out free samples and I wish them good luck in their endeavors. At the time of this writing, you might note that their bars that have a very few reviews have many stars and the ones with many reviews have fewer stars. So, you can tell the products that have had more use by a wider range of people. I am sure that this company would want you to read the fine print and purposely eat foods that make a difference to your body and the world. I probably would not have picked this bar in a store to try. I liked the Probar FruitionPROBAR Fruition Superfood Snack Bar, Strawberry 1.7-Ounce, 12-count Boxbars better.Again, in my opinion, this single bar I tried is not really good or really bad (based on the single bar I tried), hence an average rating. I would not choose these over the peanut butter (thank you G. W. Carver!) versions of my favorite brands Clif Bar (fairly clean and pure)Clif Bar Energy Bars, Crunchy Peanut Butter, 2.4-Ounce Bars 12 Count box ( Pack of 2 )or  Power Bar (not so pure and clean, but available)PowerBar Triple Threat Energy Bar, Caramel Peanut Fusion, 1.94-Ounce Bars (Pack of 15)orPowerBar Performance The Original Energy Bar, Peanut Butter, 2.29-Ounce Bars (Pack of 24).
The Organic Wild Blueberry Pure Bar is a filling snack that is a good source of both fiber and protein.  As indicated  by the name, all the ingredients are organic, and additionally, all the ingredients are also raw.  The taste is mostly nutty, with the combination of walnuts, cashews, and almonds overpowering the blueberries quite a bit.  I often find that snack bars, especially those with nuts, are difficult to chew, but this bar is fairly soft and easy to eat.  I would eat this product again, but I do wish it tasted more like blueberries.  I'd recommend it to nut-lovers.
This is like a grown-up version of the fruit roll-up.  It has good flavor and is organic.  I would say more fruity than specifically cherry.  The cashew pieces are finely chopped.  I would have liked them to be bigger and crunchier.  You could say it's a healthy snack and is if you need something tidy and packaged.  A piece of fresh fruit with nuts or nut butter would be a better choice.  But this is good for throwing in a back pack or other bag.
The blueberry Pure organic bar was delicious. It's a very moist bar as it is packed with plenty of fruit and nuts, which made it very easy to eat. While I'm not particularly into organic foods and the fad surrounding it, somebody who is will probably go ga-ga for this bar, whose package lists these ingredients: "Certified Organic Ingredients: Organic dates, organic cashews, organic walnuts, organic rice protein concentrate, organic wild blueberries (with organic apple concentrates and organic sunflower oil), organic agave nectar, organic almonds, organic lemon juice concentrate, organic blueberry flavor and that's all!" Well, okay then. To be honest, I couldn't identify each nut because the moistness of the bar won out over the crunchiness of the individual nuts. Overall, the bar was satisfying enough, but I am not sure if it's worth it to consume 190 calories (with 70 calories of fat) from this tiny bar. It's good but not great.
This is not a granola bar, as I expected. The texture is somewhere between banana bread and fudge. It is moist, dense, sticky, and somewhat grainy. The least appealing aspect of this bar to me is the calorie and fat content: a bar the size of a credit card, only 1/8" thick, carries 190 calories, 70 from fat. If you are hiking the Appalachian trail, that might be a plus. But for a quick pick-me-up, this is too many calories for too little taste.
This bar is all raw fruits and nuts with a little brown rice thrown in as a binder.  The first ingredient on the label is organic dates and that is mostly what I tasted.  There are bits of the tart cherry flavor but not enough to really notice.  Visually, the bar is not terribly appealing.  It looks like a rectangle of mashed dates with small white bits of macadamia nut. If you are into raw foods or on a vegan diet, it's a nice ready to go snack alternative.  The taste wasn't bad but it's not something that I would choose if I had another option.  (Of course, this is from someone who's used to eating regular granola bars with all the sugar and unpronounceable ingredients on the label.)  For nutritional value and wholesomeness, I would give this 5 stars and the taste wasn't bad but it wasn't the kind of thing I'd reach for when I want a snack.
I really should state a disclaimer first - I'm a huge fan of sweets.  So, while the taste of this bar is fine I still found myself looking for a sweetness.Having said that the bar was very satisfying and surely much healthier for me than my usual grab for chocolate.  It is a rather small bar that really can be consumed in 3 - 4 generous bites.I was very pleased with the ingredients ( as was the person with whom I shared it. )  And while the label states that the bar might contain "Pieces of nuts, shells, stems, pits" - there were none in mine.We'll be ordering some of these as I continue to try to wean myself away from the "super sweets" with high fat content.
I love to eat real, simple, unprocessed foods, and I loved the ingredients in this bar - no filler rice krispies, agave-sweetened, dates, nuts, fruit! But since it's cashew cherry, I expected to taste cashews and cherries. I was surprised that it tasted almost primarily of dates, and the only chunks of nuts I got were very obviously walnuts! It should be called "date and walnut bar with hint of cherry flavor", because that is what I experienced.It was a reasonably tasty bar and didn't give me a weird sugar rush like Luna bars and that ilk do, but it didn't leave me feeling healthy and nourished afterwards, either. It felt like I'd eaten something mildly wicked, but it didn't taste so great that I felt like I'd really gotten to eat something decadent, so it kind of wasn't worth it.Your taste may be different, so if you're impressed by the ingredients, then go ahead and try one. Just keep in mind there are more dates and walnuts in here than cherries or cashews.
Personally, I like a "regular" granola bar much better.  This doesn't look appetizing. .  .and quite frankly, it doesn't taste all that good.  Perhaps this is just too "sophisticated" for me.  It sounds so good, but it's just kind of "yucky" in your mouth and you want to swallow as soon as possible.
The bar is in itself rather small, and you could see yourself eating two of them just to kill your hunger but on wouldn't do much for me (at 200lbs).  It has almost a nothing flavor with a hint of 'berry' aftertaste but not much of anything during the eating.  Whether everything in it being 'raw' as opposed to cooked or 'processed' doesn't mean much to me or I would guess the average person.  This is really a product for the 'nutritionally conscience' of people who are concerned about everything they put into their body.  Even then I'm not sure that it is that much of any improvement over other 'organic' bars.One thing that did strike me was the claim that 'nothing cooked or processed'.  I just wonder as to the definition of the word processed.  You have to do something to put the bar together.  You don't just lay out the ingredients and they then crawl together on their own waiting to be cut into the right size.  Also, two of the ingredients are concentrated fruit juice.  Isn't concentration of juice a 'process'?  or do they just leave the juice out in the sun and let the water evaporate away naturally?  You decide, it's not really that important to me but I like to see truth in the production of things even if it just this little truth.Zeb Kantrowitz
The color of the bar isn't appetizing; however, the taste is pleasant though a little too nutty for my preference.  I have organic products in the past...and well...this definitely superior to those..this one actually tasted good....many of the others left a cardboard sensation with a nasty medicinal aftertaste.  This one did not.  No added sugar as far as I can tell.  The kids didn't like it because it wasn't sweet enough...but isn't that the point of being organic...getting away from processed sugars and stuff.
I tried the wild blueberry organic pure bar.  It was okay.  The smell was overwhelmingly blueberry - almost synthetic smelling - but I checked and the product is all natural and all organic.  Our household is a Lara Bar household so it was interesting to compare this to our normal fare.  The PURE bar is very greasy, which I thought was kind of weird.  The taste was okay.  Not great.  There were nice chunks of nuts, much bigger than you would find in a Lara bar.  I definitely won't change brands, but it is nice to know that there are other options out there if you find yourself in a place that doesn't carry the Lara Bar.  You do have to know that these types of bars have plenty of fat, nuts and thus calories in them, a bit under 2 ounces and a bit under 200 calories.  They are much denser than your regular run-of-the-mill granola or fiber bar and they are definitely "healthy" tasting.  All in all, just okay.  I'm sticking with Lara Bars.
The Pure Cherry-Cashew bar was a fine granola/energy bar but there was not much about it that set it apart from every other granola/energy bar on the market.  I liked it and would have one again, but it is not something I'd go out of my way or spend much extra money on.  Overall, it was okay but not remarkable.
These were okay and edible, but I wasn't overly thrilled.  Also, I thought it had too much sugar for something that is supposed to be considered healthy, and not enough protein.  At over $1.50 per bar I think there are other bars more worthwhile and healthy to pick up.
When I look at the bar it seems normal sized, but when I open it and see how large it really is, it seems slightly smaller than other bars.  I take a bite and the first thing I notice is the nutty flavor, with a hint of blueberry aftertaste.  The bar itself is soft and ever so slightly sticky, but not sticky enough to be messy.  This bar is very densely packed material.  Not crumbly or flakey.I appreciate the fact that this is all organic and very healthy and that nothing is cooked and processed.  But I wonder how they deal with e-coli and the like.  E-Coli is found on plants and in animals.  The bar clearly states that it isn't processed or cooked.  I know there have been E-Coli scares with raw juices and spinach and other produce so I do wonder how they try and prevent it in their product.The flavor has a weird sweetness to it.  Maybe that is the nature of unprocessed food!  I don't eat a lot of organic food and the only raw food I eat is plain fruits and veggies.  When I bake I tend to pile on the sugar or honey in some cases for sweetness, so that is the flavor I am accustomed to.So for me this bar is not a good match, if I were to buy a fruit bar (which I don't do often) I'd probably stick to good ol' Nutragrain which has a flavor somehow more familiar.  But I think for someone is are ultra careful about what they ingest or for someone who only eats raw food this would be an ideal choice.  Actually, if I were part of the raw food movement, I'd tout this bar as a fast convenient snack.
I wasn't interested in a health supplement, or energy bar.  I picked this as a snack food.  It was very chewy and the individual flavors were strong and not too sweet - which was a good thing.  They didn't skimp on the cherries or cashews, and the bar was a decent size too.  However, as odd as it sounds, I didn't care for it because it tasted, well, raw.  I don't feel the flavors blended well - it tasted like I had eaten a handful of the various ingredients together (like trail mix) with flavorless gum holding them together.  For those who care about appearances, the bar may not look appetizing.  It is very dark, almost black.Overall, I think (like many "organic" foods) that it is way overpriced for what you get.  At nearly $2 a bar with the Amazon discount, it is pricey.  There are other reasonably healthy alternatives for those just looking for a snack.  For those looking for an alternative energy bar - it'll come down to taste and nutrition.
I can't say this is gross and I can't say it's awesome.  It LOOKS nasty but I took that first bite anyway.  I don't like the texture but I do like the cashews.  There are cherries in it and they're yummy.  I gave my 11 year old son a bite and he said "ewww".  My opinion of it is that it's just okay.  The price is too high and there's no way I would buy these, but it'd be great for people who are into this kind of thing.
If you insist on an all-natural organic snack bar, you might like this Cherry Cashew PureBar.It has a bit more flavor than the Pure blueberry bar and a nice texture, with no unpleasant aftertaste.  I give the flavor a B or B+.Is it worth $1.50 a bar?  That seems pretty steep to me, but I'm on a fixed income these days.If you can afford one of these little brown bombers, you might enjoy it.  At least it doesn't seem to contain anything suspect or harmful...
"It tastes like a blueberry fig newton," my wife said.Different kinds of nuts dominate the bar. There's a slew of organic ingredients and the wrapper is almost boastful. It tastes...okay. Bitter, but not too bitter. It's hard to imagine anyone truly devouring it though. Imagine NutriGrain with the packed/raw flavor intensified.
I liked it - it has an unusual blueberry taste mixed with dates and nuts.  I had it for my breakfast today.
My initial impression was that this bar has the essence of Fig Newtons. The base texture is soft and dense and tastes of dates. The chopped nuts add a nice amount of crunchiness, which is assuaged by the chewiness of dried blueberries. It's not very sweet, which I don't mind, but I felt like something was missing (salt?) - the flavor never moved past the middle of my tongue. I'd sum up the flavor by saying that it was inoffensive.While I understand the convenience of having an individually-wrapped bar in your bag, I would rather eat a handful of nuts and dried fruit - it certainly tastes better, is closer to a raw and unprocessed food, has less impact on the environment, and costs less.
Our family has enjoyed the Lara Bar line of nutritional snack bars, and the Pure bars are similar to them -- "raw" food that is essentially pureed fruit and nuts. Since we deal with Celiac in our family, finding a gluten-free snack bar that has no added sugar is a plus -- most snack bars contain gluten and are loaded with sugar. Here, as with the Lara Bars, the sweetness comes from pureed dates and agave, a "natural" sweetener. The Wild Blueberry has a fresh taste that sets it apart from other raw bars. It also has a nice, chewy texture. We did a taste test and four out of five gave the bar a thumbs up. The one who didn't like the bar also dislikes the Lara Bars and finds the taste a little off and too heavy for her. I personally thought the bar tasted OK, but not great -- there is something about that pureed date/agave taste that is unappealing after the first few bites.
This bar has a good flavor which seems too fresh to be a wrapped product. Unfortunately it is heavy and dense, and sits in your stomach like lead after you've eaten it. It's certainly healthy -- organic; sweetened with agave; no preservatives, trans fats or cholesterol; full of heart-healthy Omega-3 fats. I just prefer a lighter snack.
This PURE bar contains nuts, fruit and berries, and also a little flavoring/sweetening.  It is vegan and kosher, and only 190 calories, so would make a good quick snack.  When purchased in bulk from Amazon it costs about $1.65, and while there's nothing wrong with this bar, I would suggest that combining nuts with dried fruit and berries to make trail mix would be more economical and also environmentally correct, as the PURE bar comes in a wrapper which has to be disposed of.
It is difficult to judge food from one experience. I was sent one bar and tried it. I would not buy another one based on this single experience.The bar claims to be one serving of fruit. I believe that claim. I could taste the cherries and dates. I'd rather eat real fruit to get my serving. It tastes better. The bar is also gluten-free and kosher. A great snack alternative, but again it does not beat the real thing. It has 8 grams of fat, no transfat or cholesterol, low in sodium and high in calories-190. Again, have a piece of fruit. There is only one instance where this bar may be preferred to fruit, and that is if one is traveling for a period of time and cannot keep fruit for a number of days outside refrigeration.
The nuts are what make this bar tolerable. The texture without them is unpleasant. I guess that's because there is no egg, flour or corn syrup used to hold it together. It reminds me of an Atkin's bar I tried once. Water to wash it down is a MUST!Certified Organic Ingredients include: Organic Dates, Organic Cashews, Organic Walnuts, Organic Rice Protein Concentrate, Organic Wild Blueberries (With Organic Apple Juice Concentrate and Organic Sunflower Oil), Organic Agave Nectar, Organic Almonds, Organic Lemon Juice Concentrate, Organic Blueberry Flavor.3 STARS: I gave the taste a 1 and added 2 stars for the healthy factor. These sound so good for you that I wish I liked them.
Uhg!  I ate this for breakfast with an apple & my stomach is already growling and it's only been like an hour.  I guess this would make a good snack bar, but the calories are kinda high for a snack (190).Compared to the blueberry Pure bar, this has more flavor.  Unfortunately neither bar is filling.  The cherry bar has a nice tart cherry taste.  Those of you looking for something sickly sweet, you will not find it here despite the Agave "nectar" (high fructose sugar stuff) that is in it.  If it wasn't for the high fructose agave syrup (they like to make it sound oh so healthy by calling it agave nectar), I would rate this bar a star higher.  I am on a mission to find agave free organic Vegan bars aside from Lara bars & haven't had any sucess.  It is so disappointing that the health food industry has jumped on the cheap sweet Agave rather than something else, like organic maple syrup or untreated organic sugar?  Organic maple syrup is delish, but oops expensive, so I guess I wont be seeing it in any Vegan bars anytime soon.Now if you think I'm a loon because of the Agave thing, go ahead & research it.  That's all I have to say.Anyway, if you are not concerned about agave or not looking for something to keep you from being hungry then this is a pretty tasty tart treat.  Maybe this would be better suited as a dessert bar.  Yes, I think so.  This would make a great dessert bar for me if they got rid of the agave!
The cherry cashew bar was pretty much exactly what you would expect of an all natural nothing extra snack bar.  Small and not terribly attractive to look at it tastes ok.  I actually thought it was a little salty and chewy.
Okay, this blueberry bar was more like a date bar. Here is the ingredient list:Organic Dates, Organic Wild Blueberries (With Organic Apple Juice Concentrate and Organic Canola Oil), Organic Cashews, Organic Almonds, Organic Unsweetened Lemon Juice Concentrate.I appreciate that the bar is gluten free and organic. But I really would have liked more blueberry flavor. The texture was okay. The bar was more on the hard side, not really soft or chewy. At 190 calories and 6 grams of protein with a whole lot of carbs (26 grams), I would only use this as an occasional snack/meal replacement type thing. Instead of this bar, I'd rather have a small organic salad with protein toppings. For what it is, it is okay. I'd give my kids this over a candy bar any day.
...but after that, I found eating a PureBar to be something of a task.Pros:Filling--the bar was very dense and, coupled with some water, really sated my hunger.Tasted like real blueberry. There wasn't any artificial aftertaste or flavor to the bar, which was great: it tasted fresh. It even smelled awesome.Portability. Because of the small size of the bar, it can be easily thrown in a bag, glovebox, or backpack to bring with you.Cons:The biggest drawback--and really the only huge drawback-- was the unusual mouth-feel/texture: it was a little too thick/dense for me, and as a result felt undercooked. The texture also didn't lend itself to the size of the bar; my jaw got tired trying to chew it.Nuts. I don't like nuts in most things, and found the walnuts (?) included in the bar to overwhelm the taste. If there weren't nuts, this probably would have gotten a four star rating.Bottom line:The blueberry Pure Bar that I ate was generally disappointing. The taste was fine, but the inclusion of nuts added too much of a bitter flavor. Coupled with the texture of the product, it wasn't an overwhelmingly enjoyable experience to eat (and really, who likes to eat things they don't enjoy?). In the future, I could imagine purchasing these for day-hikes or camping trips, or to throw along a long running or cycling route. But it's not a product I would include in my day-to-day diet.
I tried two flavors and this Blueberry bar is second (compared to the Cherry Cashew).  I usually love dried blueberries but perhaps this needed a little more sweetness to bring out the flavor.  The texture is halfway between soft and chewy, which is OK.  With a fairly good balance of fiber, natural carbohydrates, protein, and low sodium it makes a good afternoon snack.
The bar tasted fine enough in the eating, with the nuts adding a light crunch to an otherwise smooth bar. However, after finishing, there was an aftertaste of flour that lasted for a few minutes. It wasn't entirely unpleasant, but I certainly would have appreciated no aftertaste more.
The bar is quite small, although in it's defense it seems that all nutrition bars are getting progressively smaller. That's one way to get the calorie count down. Of course the high price remains the same.Flavor-wise it was below average for a nutrition bar. The cherry flavor bar is awful and I wouldn't recommend it at all. The blueberry was better, though both have a rather unpleasant undertaste of...I don't know what.I would buy it if there was no other choice available. However, my first choice remains the Zone Bar.
After tryingPure Bar Organic Wild Blueberry, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12), and loving it, I had high hopes for this organic cherry bar.  After trying the fresh flavor of the blueberry bar, I expected this to taste of fresh cherries and nuts.  Unfortunately, the cherries definitely didn't taste fresh, and I couldn't finish the bar.  Even get my husband (who absolutely loves everything cherry) didn't like the cherry bar..  I'm glad I tried the blueberry bar first; I might not have given it a chance if I had tried the cherry bar first.I'll give it three stars for being a healthy food.  If you're really into dried fruit, you might like this.  If you hope for a fresh flavor, you'll probably be disappointed (as I was).
For any person who cares about eating healthy, but likes to get their sweet cravings taking care of, these fit the bill. The ingredient list is very impressive, all organic, no refined sugars, and a short list.The bars are very sweet - even without refined sugars added, it is too sweet for my tastes.Superb ingredients, but too sweet and not my type. It might be an aquired taste - it is unlike any other bar you've eaten including: power bars, odwalla, granola bars, etc) it's soft, chewy, and very moist.If you kids like it - it's a much better alternative that other bars.
When I opened the wrapper I was a bit taken aback at how dark in color the bar was.  (I was expecting something lighter in color just because I'm used to lighter colored oats you find in granola bars.)The bar is very solid and dense, which I liked, so it felt like I was getting a real snack, and not just some airy, cheap bar.  The cherry flavor is pretty heavy making it a little sweet and it's well balanced out by the cashews in it.  (I really love cashews and I would have been OK with even more, but they nailed the combination of flavors.)When I took a bite into the bar my 7 year old wanted to try it so I let her.  On a child's taste buds she liked it at first bite, but after she had a chance to chew and swallow she was less enthusiastic and declined a second bite.I think this bar is for a more mature palate, but I suppose a child could get used to it.  It's definitely satisfying and above all, I love that it's organic and gluten free!
My annual ritual is to look in the mirror, decide it is time to shed my "winter coat", lose weight and eat better. This started last month and when I got the opportunity to order this, I jumped on it. Healthy, purely organic, who could beat that promise? Especially when I have tried several other protein bars, and found only one other that I like (Luna bar). Although I usually go for the chocolate/peanut butter because the taste and texture seem to be acceptable to my tastebuds, I thought that a cherry protein bar would be interesting. The bar wasn't too sweet (as a matter of fact, not sweet at all), and does offer a somewhat pleasant cherry taste. The only thing that I was not "wild" about was the texture, but true protein bar lovers, won't mind that at all. Did it satisfy me as a healthy snack? Yes, although I am not sure that I would run out and buy tons of them for my regular snack between meals, but as an occassional fruit treat, I will definitely consider it.
This cherry cashew bar is heavy, feels like it weighs more than the 1.7 ounces it states on the package.The bar is a dark brown, which reminds of chocolate or fig.  You can plainly see the cashews on the outside, as well as on the inside of the bar.It does have a tart taste, probably from the cherries.  It also has an oily feel to the bar.It's ok, but I don't think I would buy this on a regular basis, if at all.I really didn't care for the taste.
This bar was not what I expected, but I apparently just didn't read the description that closely.  I was expecting a granola-type bar with cherry and cashew in it, but this is gluten-free, and so there is nothing like that in it.The ingredients, which are all organic, are: dates, cashews, cherries, rice protein concentrate, walnuts, agave nectar and almonds.  There are 3 grams of fiber in every bar, so it's a good source of fiber.  Sugar is pretty high at 17grams per bar, although they are naturally occurring fruit sugars.  Each bar is 190 calories and contains 8 grams of fat.I personally felt the bar was too sweet for my tastes and I couldn't taste the cashews at all.  I love cashews and it was the sole reason I chose this bar, but I was disappointed.  My husband and 10 year old daughter also tried the bar and weren't impressed either, and they generally eat the fruit cereal bars on a regular basis.Although this might be a good product for some, it doesn't meet our expectations.
Overall, the Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew Raw Fruit and Nut Bar was pretty good.  It was a little dry in my opinion.  It isn't very sweet almost more salty from the cashews.  If you are looking for a not too sweet snack, you will probably enjoy it.  It has a good flavor overall, but it was not outstanding in any way.  It is a cherry outside with cashews intertwined throughout.  Each bar has 190 calories and 8 grams of fat.  It has 25g of carbs overall and contains several important nutrients.  In my opinion, it was only slightly healthier than a candy bar.  The draw is that it is certified organic.  If you are looking for an organic snack, you could give this a try.
While I enjoyed eating the bar I received (both the cherry cashew and blueberry flavors), I have to say that I doubt I'd purchase these in any quantity.  While the overall caloric content of these bars isn't bad (190 calories), the fat and carb content is high (naturally, given the nuts and fruit in the bars) and protein content relatively low.  I already get plenty of fiber from whole foods and enjoy eating fresh fruit with yogurt, cottage cheese, and oatmeal as well as by itself, so I don't feel the need to up my intake of fruits by eating a bar like this.  If only it had some added protein I might have been able to give it a higher recommendation.
I have mixed feelings on this product, I liked it but did not love it enough to want to go out and buy some (at least not fo this particular flavor).  I thought the taste was ok, although I would have preferred a stronger blueberry taste and more actual blueberries in the bar - the few that I saw were hard to find.I did like all of the different kinds of nuts, and the fact that they used agave nectar to sweeten rather than processed/refined sugar, and I very much like the concept that they are using ingredients that are 'raw' and not overly processed or cooked.I wasn't very crazy about the texture at first, but by the time I was done I didn't mind it.  It has a very dense, solid, somewhat 'mucky' texture which I'm sure is due to the agave nectar that is holding all of the ingredients together.If I were looking to purchase a snack bar I don't think I would be very likely to reach for one of these, although my 2 year old didn't hesitate to eat the piece that I offered her and asked for more.
Upon opening the package I was really disappointed.  It really looked terrible... so I was hoping the taste would be better.  Well, I was disappointed there too.  Cherry and Cashew DON'T seem to go together well at all!  The texture was terrible!  I guess if you are a health bar person... perhaps this would be a nice alternative to your typical bar.  But since I'm not a health bar person, it REALLY, really grated against me.
I tried one Cherry Cashew Raw Fruit & Nut bar.  Here are my impressions.  At first, did not like the taste.  However, the taste was not so bad by the time I was finished.  The bar certified organic by Quality Assurance International(QAI), which is a reputable company.  Nutritional information states 8 grams of fat per serving and 7 grams of protein with only 5mg of sodium.  Obviously not a protein bar by any measure. My surprise was that the bar only contains 3 grams of fiber.  I suggest you read the nutritional information carefully before buying.  As many of my friends told me, the bar essentially serves no purpose other than a snack.The rough part (pun intended) of consuming this bar is that I almost broke a tooth.  The package indicates "May contain pieces of nuts, shells, stems, or pits."  They were not kidding. At my 2nd bite, I though I was chewing on a small rock and actually checked the entire bar for metal or some similar material.  Turns out I chewed on a nut shell and very hard cherry stem at one point.They meant it when they named the bar "Raw Fruit & Nut Bar."  Chew carefully.  Note however, that my observation is not necessarily negative in this regard.  Many organic foods present similar conditions.
I give the Pure blueberry bar points for not having a gamey soy taste, but they put in too much agave nectar, and that plus the dates overwhelms the blueberry flavor.  I preferred the cherry cashew bar which wasn't as sweet.  I needed a big glass of water to wash this down.
My whole family tried these adn the pure bar cherry bars at the same time. You can see my review for the cherry ones on that page, but I wasn't overly impressed with them. These, however, were quite a bit better. My whole family liked the blueberry ones, but even my 4 year old with a sweet tooth wasn't wild about the cherry bars.PROS:Nice texture. One reviewer said they were like a newton bar. I think that's pretty close.Great fruit flavor. The blueberry is pronounced, but subtle.Great nutrition profile.Subtle nut flavor, not overpowering.CONS:Still a little "flat" in the flavor department. I think a little salt would be a good thing.Still just slightly chalky after taste.Overall, these were good, but still had room for improvement, however, I would consider keeping them in my purse for a healthy snack now and then. I could recommend them.
This Wild Blueberry Bar with dates is nutritious and the taste of blueberry is very delicious. It is crunchy and fruity, but the sweetness of dates and crunchiness of cashews go very well together. I can not say you won't be hungry after eating one bar, because I felt like having another. Some reviewers have said that this is very sweet but I think this is just about right. If you like date and nut combination in snack bar then this is your brand.
Has a pretty mild taste, so I found myself just eating it without really enjoying it. It has a bit of a foul smell, but that didn't bother me to much, as the smell didn't translate into a bad taste.  There are quite a few calories in this bar, so I think I would prefer to eat something with fewer calories.  However, there is lots of protein, omega 3 acids, and vitamins, so you are getting a healthy snack out of it.  I probably wouldn't find myself buying this product again.
I shared my "Pure Bar Organic Wild Berry Fruit & Nut Bar" with my wife.  Her first comment was "Mmmmm" and her second was "Tasty".  Indeed it was (we both love blueberries).  I found the bar very moist with a nutty crunch to it.  As I continued eating the bare my wife insisted that she get another bite.  A few days later she wanted to know the name of the bar because she was hungry and wanted to buy some.  Unfortunately, new products don't get to our town all that quickly.I rated this bar "***" because there are so many foods that I consider better than this fruit bar.  However, I have never before eated a "natural health food bar" that I enjoyed.  I enjoyed the "Pure Bar Organic Wild Berry Fruit & Nut Bar".
I have been looking for a bar that tastes good and is low in sugar.  Since there wasn't supposed to be refined sugar in these, I thought it might work.  All of them have 16g of sugar, except the dark chocolate berry bar, which has 17g.  Looking at the ingredients, just about everything provides some sugar, even if it isn't refined sugar.  Lots of fruit, which I expected, but is agave nectar really needed as an ingredient for all of them?  Some have it for the second ingredient.  After a quick internet search, I found this statement, with lots of information to back it up: "Agave nectar is bad for you. It's not traditional, not natural, highly refined, and contains more concentrated fructose than high fructose corn syrup."  The bars all have 190 or 200 calories, and 1.7oz in weight.  Lots of calories for little volume.  They all have 6g of protein.  I'm going to keep looking.
Nice citric snappy flavor. Filled me up even though there wasn't much more than two bites. A great snack for after chemo, to supplement meals, or just give you a boost in the middle of the day. The only complaint I related to gumminess. Serious gumminess going on where there should be *some* crunch. Granola bars have that slight, bumpy texture and just a bit of crunchiness. This has neither. BUT the blueberry goodness does make up for most of what the texture lacks.
This review is based on a sample provided through the Amazon Vine program.I like blueberries.  This bar has real blueberries in it, and tastes like it.  How can you go wrong?  Well, you can't really.  They're good, but you do need to remember that they are snack bars.  They are pretty small.
Not a bad little bar, and I had no problems with the taste of it (though I'm not terribly fond of blueberries; thanks for not offering me cherry till the second go-round, Vine!), but the texture made me think twice about buying these. I know this is an individual thing, and your mileage may (and probably will) vary, but the almost gluey texture was very difficult to chew and the "mouth feel" (forgive me, I will never use that awful term again) had more in common with Elmer's glue than it did food. I'm giving it the gentleman's C.
I love that this is made gluten and dairy free with natural raw ingredients.  That says a lot for a snack bar.  I wanted to like this for that reason but I just found it to be short on flavor.  I wonder if I were someone who never ate refined sugar if this would taste more flavorful to me.  The blueberry flavor was just so mild.  I make fresh juices every morning and always use fresh blueberries so perhaps I am used to that and just couldn't taste too much of the flavor in these.  I ate it over a period of about three days.  I wanted to try it at different times but my palate just never had a craving for it.  Had I really liked it, it wouldn't have made the three days I'm sure.  It has a very chewy texture and the blueberry flavor is similar to that you'd find in a muffin.  It's not bad, but there's just not enough flavor for my tastes.  If you are looking for a bar with these ingredients as a snack to get you through the day and ingredients are more important than flavor, this could be a good bar for you.
This organic bar is chewy with the occasional nut and mostly grain tasting with some hints of blueberry with every bite.  The taste is strong; this is not a bad thing or particularly a good thing as I seemed to have to take a drink a few times while easting a bar that comes in at just under two ounces.
I am not one to normally eat energy bars or fruit bars. With that said, I did find this bar to be pretty tasty. The cherry and cashew combo left me satisfied. It's nice to have something like this to stow away in your car or purse for something quick to eat when you need some energy
I eat a lot of protein bars.  I'm always looking for one that packs high protein, low carb, great taste, organic, and gluten-free.  This one seems to cover most of those bases, though I can't say that I would run right out and buy one.  The protein is low for what I need to get out of the 48gram bar and the carbs fair to high, in comparison.  The blueberry comes through wonderfully, but the heaviness of the rice protein muddies it, leaving the overall bar a bit flavorless.  That it is organic is a plus, and I notice that it specifically says on the wrapper "Certified Organic."  What concerns me is that it does not say, "Certified Gluten-free."  This would be of particular interest to someone with Celiac disease, especially since it does not say it is wheat-free and notes that the bars are made in a facility that processes wheat.All-in-all, if you're not dealing with food allergies, the bar is OK.  You can certainly find more flavorful ones with more protein and less carbs, for less money.  The price of these is unarguably ridiculous.  If I wasn't concerned about the questionable gluten-free aspect, the price alone is enough to deter me.
Yes, it is good for you and it's not "bad".  I was expecting a bit more cherry flavor and not quite as chewy as it was. I had my husband try it as well and he did agree with me. The cherry reminded me a bit of the cherry flavor in a Shirley Temple drink.  Too chewy for me, but I think I will try the blueberry as everyone seems to say that is the way to go!
I wasn't sure what to expect after oping the Pure Organic Cherry/Cashew Fruit & Nut Bar.  It looked really dense, sticky and a bit darker than I expected.  But even for my trepidation it tasted pretty darn good.  It certainly has the tart tang of dried cherries, but the overall taste is rather mild.  There were also plenty of nuts though I was expecting the bar to be a little more crunchy.  Also, the bar contains more fruit and nuts than described on the front including dates, almonds, and walnuts which account for most of the bar.  I saw more walnuts and almonds than cashews.Overall I was a little disappointed in the bar.  Though it tastes alright, for all it's touting of organic, unprocessed ingredients it's kind of heavy for what you're really getting.  One bar contains 190 calories, 8g of fat, 25g of carbs (17g of which are sugar and only 3g of fiber).  Granted you're getting 7g of protein, so it would certainly work as a meal replacement except that it's not all that satisfying at 1.7oz.  In checking some labels in my kitchen, the Pure bar has roughly the same nutritional elements as an M&M; brand ice-cream cone, and has more twice the fat of a comparable serving ofNature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bars, Fruit & Nut, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 12)(though the rest matches up pretty much the same.)  At almost $3 a bar these are also a bit pricey for what you're getting.Also, it touts to have no processed ingredients which is misleading.  It's alluding to the idea that it doesn't contain ingredients that have been chemically altered or cooked, but processed foods doesn't just mean hot dogs and Spam.  Processed foods also refer to those that have been chopped, refined, or changed from their state in nature, and the chopped nuts, dried fruit, and extracted organic rice protein are processed (not to mention the formation of the bars, which contrary to the packages' description do not "kinda grow on trees...")  The reason I'm mentioning this is that the Pure brand is using a lot of healthy buzz words to allude to the utterly healthy nature of the bars, which they are if you consider each one is almost fit to be a meal onto itself.
Can't say that this bar is delicious; it isn't.  But it IS filling, has lots of nutritional stuff in it and your conscience won't bother you when you eat this as a snack between meals.
The manufacturer claims this bar is made with the most pure, untainted ingredients available.  Pure's fruits and nuts are cold processed.  The company says this means the ingredients retain more antioxidants and nutrients than than bars made with ingredients subjected to high temperatures. meaning the heating process that That much I really like.  It's the putting of all those ingredients together where this bar falls a bit short.The primary flavor of this bar is supposed to be blueberry.  However, the flavor of dates overwhelmed the blueberry.  I happen to like dates so I was ok with the flavor.  However, I expected a fresh, blueberry taste that simply was not there.  Raw, organic ingredients or not, this is still a mass produced product with a lengthy shelf life.  It is no surprise, then, convenience trumps taste.
For something labeled "Wild Blueberry" I can't taste much blueberry.  I'm rather disappointed about that.  I can taste more of the dates and nuts that are the first 3 ingredients in the bar.  It's not bad, really, but not what I expected from the package.  I like the crunchy texture all the nuts give to the bar...gives it a bit of variety.It's a filling little bar.  I wouldn't eat it for the flavor, which is pretty bland, and at $30 for a dozen bars ($23 + $7.95 shipping at the time I write this)  it's pretty pricey.  Like a previous reviewer said, I'd rather eat a handful of actual fruits and nuts than this bar, but for a snack at least this is healthier than candy bars or potato chips.
Although this is a chewy snack bar, I expected the included nuts to add a bit of crunch into it, but they didn't; it seems the nuts themselves were chewy. The texture is also mealier than I expected; it's akin to a chewy oat bar.The size of the bar itself is about 3"x1.25"x.25", which makes it a bit smaller than the average snack bar, but not egregiously so. It's certainly not enough to fill an empty stomach, but it might be enough to tide you over for an hour or two.If you have a sweet tooth, you'll want to avoid this treat. There is a *hint* of sweetness and the tart dried cherries is the most pronounced flavor--even more so than the nuts (had I not seen the nuts in the bar, I doubt I'd know they were there, except the almonds), and I barely tasted the dates at all. All of that said, the bar is good, but not the greatest I've tasted.I personally can't find enough value to justify forking over nearly two dollars (at the time of writing) per bar, however, it might be a sound investment if you have gluten/soy allergies or are seeking to eliminate processed sugar from your diet.And since I didn't see any nutritional data listed in the description, I thought it might be helpful to list it here: Serv. Size 1 Bar; Cal. 190; Fat Cal. 70; Total Fat 8g (12% DV); Sat. Fat 0.5g (3% DV); Trans Fat 0g; Chol. 0mg; Sodium 5mg; Potassium 220mg; Total Carb. 25g; Fiber 3g; Sugars (natural fruit sugars) 17g; Protein 7g.
I liked these. But I cant say they were anything out of the ordinary. Chewy and fruity. About what you'd expect from a fruit/nut bar. If you are into this it would be a good snack. I doubt if I would buy them on a regular basis.
I tried the Cherry Cashew flavor and was pleasantly surprised. I'm not into it for the "pure" food aspect. I was looking for a low calorie snack. It does have a good flavor even though after taste is a bit rough. It's a good portion size and filled me up. However I have two reasons why I will not purchase this product. First, it is 200 calories per bar. In my current weight loss plan, that is far too many calories to waste on a snack. I'll stick to nuts or fresh fruits/vegggies. Second, the cost is close to $2 a bar (based on pricing at the the time I wrote this.) That alone will not make it worth my while.
After I ate this bar, I didn't know if I liked it or not. I still don't know. On one hand, it's sweet and the blueberry taste is quite nice. On the other hand, it feels like it wants to be a granola or candy bar but it fails at both. It seems healthy, almost too healthy. Eating the thing made me feel like my colon was going to be very healthy afterwards.I think I'm going to say that I like it but it is a strange taste and I don't know if I can ever love it.
I'd say a 3.5 really, but not quite a 4...unless you have dietary restrictions that this bar satisfies...and then it's an easy 5. (Unless you are trying to avoid high levels of fructose...because this is sweetened by Agave Nectar)Totally organic, nothing processed and nothing cooked. No trans-fat, no processed sugars, and no gluten. A raw and tasty experience.The blueberry flavor is mild. The cashews add more crunch than flavor (and cashews are my favorite nut...I was surprised at how little cashewness these bars had). It's a little like a fig newton if you mooshed it all together and extruded it into a bar...but this has no flour or wheat in it.I am a little leery of the agave nectar, organic or not. Many health professionals liken it to high fructose corn syrup which is like snacking on a chemistry set...but agave has its defenders too. I do wonder how the bar would taste if it had no ADDED sweeteners and was allowed to survive on the natural sweetness of the fruits themselves. Now THAT would be PURE!
Any sort of snack bar that is marketed as being either organic or a more healthy alternative to candy bars are usually going to be a hit or miss affair, with most failing in the taste department.  The "Pure Organic Wild Blueberry" bar isn't a total miss, but it doesn't exactly hit a home run either.There is a significant amount of fat and sugar in the bar, but it's all coming from fruit sugar and raw nuts, which automatically makes it a better choice than anything that has high fructose corn syrup as the first ingredient.  The bar also has small amounts of calcium and vitamin C, but significantly less of the vitamins and minerals typically found in health bars.  On the upside, absolutely everything is organic and nothing is cooked, so it has a huge appeal to anyone who prefers non-processed foods.As far as the taste is concerned it's definitely not a candy bar or any other snack with loads of extra sugar.  It has a very mild blueberry flavor, which is pleasant, but not outstanding.  The texture is a winner however, as its incredibly chewy and moist.  Overall it seems like the flavor should be better for something that's so packed with fruits and nuts. Aside from the flavor and nutrition aspects, the Pure bar does have another draw for environmentally conscious consumers.  Pure runs a campaign where they plant a tree for every three wrappers sent in to their headquarters, which may make them worth buying even if the flavor isn't amazing.While the blueberry taste is toned down and the bar doesn't offer as much extra nutritional value as the standard health food bar, it's still worth a try for anyone who wants to see if they dig the texture or just wants to support an environmentally friendly product.
These Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bars are not the normal crunchy snack bar, but a date based  bar with 190 calories each, so presumably they would make a good energy bar. They are gluten free with no preservatives, but the bar I had had an expiration date 9 months from the time I received it, so that is a pretty good shelf life for a natural no preservative food.Two of us in the household tasted the bar and thought it was tasty and fruity, it is chewy and soft. It has a cherry taste, but the main taste are the dates, the nuts seem to be ground very fine. It does have a high price in my opinion for a 1.7 oz snack, but natural foods seem to have a higher price than the every day snack items. So if it serves your needs and wants as a natural- gluten free - preservative free - 190 calorie snack it would be perfect for you.
These "Pure Bars" are essentially date bars with excessive marketing. Dates are the first ingredient on the list, and they are what are holding together everything else.  This bar is mostly mashed up dates gluing together a collection of fruits, nuts and oats. They aren't bad, but nor are they particularly wonderful.  They are pretty much standard issue for this type of snack.The bars are super dense, not as chewy as a Powerbar, but still give your teeth a workout biting off a chunk.  I had the opportunity to try the Wild Blueberry bar as well, and with both bars it is difficult to distinguish the featured flavor.I passed a few pieces of this "Cherry Cashew" bar around to some friends in a blind taste test, and none of them was able to guess that the intended flavor was cherry.  The overwhelming response was "dates" along with "fruitcake."  Honestly, after eating both the blueberry and the cherry, there wasn't a considerable difference in flavor.Which isn't so bad.  I happen to like fruitcake, and so the bar was good enough that I was happy to eat it.  If you are looking for a healthy snack, this is probably as good as the rest. I thought it was tasty, and would eat them if available. But it is nothing amazing.
If you like the taste of cherry you will like the taste of this fruit and nut bar. The matrix is the consistency of cookie dough.  For me, the flavor was too shrill and acidic, but the nuts tasted fresh. If you are an alkaline person who loves sour pickles, this bar will appeal to you.  At almost 200 calories, 70 of them fat, I found it too small to be worth the bother.
I saw a set similar to this at a brick and mortar store during the Christmas season.  When I went back to get it, I discovered that the store was sold out and had no plans to re-stock it.  I was delighted to find it listed at Amazon.com!  I've tasted each of the teas included in the sample and found that I liked some but not others.  I wish there were more explicit instructions regarding specific teas such as the "pearls".  I found that they were a difficult challenge and I didn't care for the taste very much.  I like the Dragon Lily with the apricot flavor and would like to order more of that flavor but it is not in stock at this time.  Ordering more of the sampler, without the teapot, is a bit pricey.  I wish there were more options for those of us on limited budgets.
This is an interesting item and a great conversation piece. The bamboo box and packaging has a handmade feel about it; the box itself is something you can leave on a table or counter. The teapot seems a bit fragile and seems to be made of an extremely cheap glass, and I often wonder if it could crack during use.The teas are acceptable, if not extremely flavorable. Unlike tea bags or loose teas, you really can't steep these teas to your desired strength. This can be a problem if you like really strong tea.  The "flowers" themselves, although they can be reused 2 or 3 times according to the instructions, are really only "single use". They are difficult to dry, and subsequent pots of tea are weaker than the first.  In general, I thought the teas were bitter.I'd recommend this for a tea enthusiast, but only as a novelty. It's not an extremely high-quality item. It's good, though, if you want to experiment with different teas in a unique way.
These chips were pretty tasty, but they have a few issues . First of all I really like the flavor, you have a bit of sweet with a nice bit of spicy. The chips are very crunchy, which I love. The problems come in 3 forms:1) mess factor: as soon as you touch them your hands are covered with the spices that coat them, which leads to point 2.2) Greasy: you notice a film of grease or oil after eating them. If you leave them on a paper towel or Paper plate you see grease spots almost right away. Which leads to point 3.3) both times I ate them I enjoyed them, but there was a price to pay slight heartburn, not the worst but yeah not great.While I did enjoy these, the problems brought the enjoyment down 2 points. I also feel the garlic flavor was too weak, you most taste the hot and sweet part. Still I do enjoy them, but not sure how I'm going to make it through 15 bags worrying about heartburn {well 14 now}. I think if I were to buy, I would have to look at other flavors.
For starters, Kettle Brand chips makes some of the best tasting potato chips out there. However, this `sweet chili garlic` is not that great.I mean its tastes fine but it doesn't really taste like sweet chili or garlic. and they are extremely greasy.These could be better. I'll stick to kettle's other flavors.
I took one and said good Russet potato chip but I found that the flavoring was subtle for my taste, a bit oily and overcooked. It may be because I am use to eating their great tastingKettle Chips Spicy Thai, 2-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24). Or perhaps because all the chips in the bags I received were overcooked and that overpowered the seasoning. It is obvious the chips are flavored, but if I did not read the bag I would never have thought it had Cheddar flavor. And I love New York Cheddar. The flavoring included Parmesan, Cheddar, Blue Cheese, garlic and other spices. A good chip even when overcooked, but I do not plan to buy them again.
Reviewing potato chips, perhaps the quintessential example of the snack food as commodity, is tough. Each person tastes things differently. A taste that sends one snacker into paroxysms of gustatory delight may trigger involuntary spasms of digestive revulsion in another. The subjective term "taste" inherently resists being defined in terms that all people can relate to the same way.Given that my wife and I have cauterized our taste buds over many years by eating all the spiciest foods we could get our hands on, I thought it would be good to get "second opinions" of these chips by soliciting comments from people of more, shall we say, "normal" tastes. So we offered bags to four relatives with "Northern" tastes who wouldn't eat a chile pepper if they were prostrate from hunger.The result? Pretty much everyone agreed that these Sweet Chili [sic] Garlic potato chips don't taste that much different than regular old salted chips. No one rushed to the refrigerator to down a glass of milk. No eyes watered, no coughing fits ensued, no one gasped for breath when they tackled these chips. We all found the chips tasty, satisfying and very crisp, but, if there is really any chile, garlic or sweetness in them, it is too slight to detect, even to those unaccustomed to eating spicy foods. Needless to say, my wife and I, with our jaded senses of taste, detected NO spiciness or bold assertiveness whatsoever.So my bottom line is that these Sweet Chili Garlic Kettle Chips are not much different from plain Kettle chips. Try them if you like, but you probably couldn't tell the difference between these and regular chips in a blind taste test.The verdict? They're okay but nothing special.
Seems like the latest craze is Sriracha flavored in almost everything...I've had Sriracha flavored dark chocolate and lays chips but now it seems like there's everything form Sriracha flavored vodka to popcorn. This latest iteration of Sriracha flavoring landed on Kettle Chips. I have to say these chips are delicious. But it's not delicious because of the flavor. It's delicious because of the Kettle brand and the way they produce their chips. It's perfect texture, crunchiness and balance of flavor makes Kettle chips delicious. The Sriracha flavoring is almost non existent. It's slightly spicy but it doesn't taste like Sriracha hot sauce at all. They have the crisp normally expected from Kettle chips which will continue to make me want to eat them. But, next time i'll go with BBQ or plain flavor and just dip it in Sriracha sauce.
I've tried a few different flavors of these Kettle Chips. I'm not a fan of hot and spicy, but I live and work with people who do, so I felt safe in trying these to get opinions of others in order to give a fair review of the flavor.The initial taste was fine according to others. Even I liked it. But boy, the heat hits quickly and it was too much for me and one other person. No more for us. All others were obviously effected by the initial heat but recovered and were more willing to go back for more.I'm told that in comparison, these aren't as hot as the Jalapeno flavor. I couldn't tell you for sure as I've never tried that one.Would I personally purchase this flavor? No. Of the others I spoke to a couple said they would, but more often that not, the answer I got was that while they wouldn't buy them, they wouldn't turn them down if they were offered.Of the other flavors I've tried, I enjoyed the Sea Salt, Backyard Barbeque and I believe I had a Cheddar flavored one. I did not like the Salt & Pepper (too much pepper) or Sea Salt & Vinegar (don't like vinegar).
I tried the Sriracha flavor.  They were fairly hot but not unexpected and did taste of Sriracha sauce - just the right amount, not too much, not too little and somewhat reminiscent of barbecue flavored chips.  This flavor can cause heartburn.  The chips seemed to be somewhat small - I would prefer them to be larger.  Good texture on the chips, typical Kettle Chips.  Overall, they are pretty average flavored kettle-type chips, so I am rating them a 3.These would be good with plain sour cream or a mild flavored sour cream dip.  Nice with sandwiches or burgers.Probably stating the obvious, but the chips are quite unhealthy (after all, they are potato chips).  Each package is 2 servings (microscopic servings) - in my opinion, the bag is really only 1 average size serving.  Calories in 1 bag are 290.  Definitely not worth the almost 300 cal.On the plus side, they have no MSG (and no yeast extract listed, either), no preservatives, gluten free, non-GMO project verified.  The package also states &#34;made with all natural ingredients&#34;, an undefined claim.
Ok these chips go beyound bbq chips these ones are very spicy, leave your mouth numb hot. Nice texture and a nice size of bag for a packed lunch.
OK,I did read the reviews which ranged from splendid to awful. I took the plunge as I do like salty, and tangy flavors. No, I had never had these before I took the leap and ordered a case at a super price. They arrived quickly and in great shape with the sell by date  FEB 2011. Umm, I'm in the middle on these chips, they are OK but not something I can't live without. I love the crunch, the color, NO TRANS FAT. They are a little too vinegary for my taste, which is a lot coming from a kid that grew up eating pickled hard-boiled eggs and pickled pigs feet.I haven't tried them with a deli sandwich and a cold mug of beer which might improve the experience :)
The Kettle potato chips in Sriracha flavor are hot, but more on the high end of moderately hot,  than actually hot. These are a straight forward hot sauce flavor  and do not taste like real Sriracha . There is no garlic, the flavor is dull, the hot sauce is milder than Sriracha and not as &#34;bright&#34;. The two ounce bags are said to contain two servings of approximately  150 calories or 13 chips.  The chips I received were so small that at 13 chips each the bag would have had about 5 servings. I will eat and enjoy these but two family taste testers found  them too hot and two said they were not hot enough (those are the habanero sauce sucking family members though not &#34;normal&#34; people. I was a bit disappointed in these because I really like Sriracha.  These digested nicely and  did not cause any of the issues that hot peppery products can sometimes cause.
Whenever I have sriracha, there's always a great undertone from the fermentation that tastes something like fish sauce (though there's none in actual sriracha). There's none of that in this chip. It tastes of flat, unaged paprika. It's short on vinegar as well. It's not bad if you just want a paprika chip, but it's not a great sriracha chip.
Bigelow Green Tea is available everywhere in American supermarkets, but it's just not a very good green tea. It produces an amber-colored brew that lacks the crisp tannin flavors that should be in quality green tea. With the prominent drawing of Mount Fuji and distinctive Shinto torii (Itsukushima, a UNESCO world heritage site) on the box, you might think this is Japanese green tea. It is not. No information is listed on where it is grown, except that it is "packaged and blended in the USA".Green tea is very good for health because of the abundance of catechins and flavinoids (antioxidant compounds) and has half the caffeine of black tea. Good Japanese green tea produces tea that is clear pale yellow-green, or very dark green, depending on the tea grade. These helpful chemicals, however, get mostly destroyed during roasting. Catechins are also responsible for the bright aroma and astringent taste of green tea, which is lacking in this product. With its brown leaf particles (see my photo comparison in gallery) and resulting brown liquid, Bigelow is more like hojicha, a roasted green tea. The flavor is very thin and I have to use 2 bags per cup of tea.A much better quality tea isKirkland Signature Green Tea Matcha Blend, 100% Japanese Tea Leaves, which is surprisingly good for a tea sold in non-specialty supermarkets. It is made by Ito-En, one of Japan's biggest beverage makers. I first heard about it because it is the tea used by staff at the Japanese Embassy in DC.As for directions, the ideal temperature for green tea 70-80C, NOT boiling (100C) as the product description recommends. Sugar is seldom added to green tea, though it is frequently enjoyed cold.
I'm addicted to Chai Tea's and was eager to try this vanilla variety.  Unfortunately, this variety is pretty weak in flavor.  I have a case of it now, and will drink it.  Honestly, I don't taste the vanilla.  I add milk and sugar like I always do, but I get with this variety is weak Chai tea.  I won't order this particular flavor again.
If you are a tea snob, you know that Oolong isn't just another kind of tea--it's meant to be steeped multiple times, with fifteen and twenty second timings to bring out the layers of taste.A tea sommelier would also tell you that what's in tea bags is the 'fannings' or the dust from tea production, so you're not getting great tea from tea bags.  (And frankly, you don't drink champagne every day, either, so why be bothered by having less-than-perfect-tea?)Um, well...having had reasonably good loose Oolong in the recent past, I can tell you that this doesn't compare.  Good oolong, like the stuff Twinings sells in their Origins line, is a little like drinking grass in the initial steepings and then like drinking liquid teak, but it's not so bitter that it needs sweetener.This, on the other hand, is just bitter as a main taste.  I'm wondering if it's because Amazon's stock is old;  more oxidation might make this more bitter than it should be.Kudos to Bigelow for even trying to bring cheap Oolong to the masses--but if you really want to know what oolong is supposed to taste like, look elsewhere.
I normally use Celestial Green Tea, but it was not available last time that I shopped. So, given the Bigelow name and its reputation, I purchased this product. The package speaks of the following, that Bigelow brings "out the tea's natural, smooth flavor." The package also speaks of a delicate flavor. Indeed, the flavor does seem delicate--but I prefer a rather more bold taste.To me, the taste is actually rather tepid. Not bad, by any means. But not very memorable either.Green tea is good for one, so I am pleased to be drinking this for such a value, but the taste. . . .? It does not--to me--bring much to the palate.
These moist, tender, sweet and tasty cherries are ALMOST irrestible. At about twenty-two bucks they're doable, at forty-two bucks not at all. Everyone at home eats these like raisins, even the dog begs for them. I'm sure these would be wonderful in baked goods. However, as HOT as it's gotten here in Texas there's NO WAY I'm turning on the oven.As others have mentioned, these are not the Tart Cherries many health fanatics are seeking. These are sweet and yummy and worth a try at the right price.
So I read all the fantastic reviews of these lollipops and decided to give it a try. I had high hopes thinking it would make a great snack when you are having a sweet tooth. I though these would be more like sugared fruit pure made into lollipops. Nope. This is plain (organic I guess) sugar with a die from fruits and vegetables and "natural" flavors. Nothing too special for me.
I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that the "Cucumber Essence" is very strong in this water.  Much more than the hint you would find in the Cucumber water at the spas and it does have a somewhat odd chemical-type smell particularly when not served ice cold.I love cucumber so it's not terrible if I mix equal parts plain water with it.  Still a strong odor, but not as bad.I probably wouldn't order this flavor again unless the Cucumber hint was greatly reduced.  I have tried the Pomegranate-Orange Hint Water which was fantastic and refreshing but is apparently not sold on Amazon.
I've been eating steamed McCann's steel cut oats almost every morning for breakfast for the past six years.These oats are much cheaper than McCann's steel cut oats but they are not as flavorful, full-bodied, or as nutty as McCann's.  The packaging is also very flimsy.Even though McCann's is double the price of this per ounce, I think I'm going back to them because these oats are not as satisfying to me.  In fact I find Quaker Oats steel cut closer to McCann's in taste and body than this one.
I bought this because of all the health benefits, but the taste is pretty bad.
First of all, don't plan on eating this medley at your desk. If anything, the lemon accentuates the tuna, both in flavor and in aroma.The flavor is much like straight tuna - with a zing of pepper. If anything, I noticed the pepper more than the lemon flavoring. It comes with six crackers, which still left me with about 1/3 of the tuna left. The packaging was nice, since I was able to keep the tuna and crackers in it while I ate. You don't have to drain the tuna (like you do in some) or mix in anything. Just open, scoop (spoon included) and eat.Given the strong tuna flavor, I really would prefer this on a salad, with the crackers on the side. Just a bit too strong for my taste.
The flavor of the 'tuna medley' was nice.  I would describe it as more of a vinaigrette-type dressing as opposed to a mayonnaise base so if you don't like mayo this would be a good way to go.  There were, of course, not enough crackers and I was left with a good third of the product left with no cracker to enjoy it on.  The can itself was very difficult to get open; I couldn't even pry the lid off all the way but was able to get it open most of the way.  The little scoop/spreader utensil that came in the package was a bit flimsy but would get the job done in a pinch -- I would rather use a sturdier and larger utensil.  I imagine a person with strength issues in their hands would have a very hard time opening this product.  Would I pick this up for a quick lunch or snack on the go?  Maybe but it wouldn't be my first choice.
This was a disappointing product! I have really enjoyed other products in the Bumble Bee Sensations line (especially the Spicy Thai chili seasoned tuna medley) but this variety was underwhelming. The lemon pepper taste was barely discernible and actually did not go very well with the tuna. I tried to mix up the presentation by spreading it on bread and adding a neutral cheese but to no avail. On the positive side (and the only thing driving my two-star taste rating up to a three) is the quantity of tuna provided, the tasty crackers, and the ease of transport and serving. If you like the flavor, this would be a great product. Otherwise, try the Spicy Thai and Chili!
The flavor of sun dried tomatoes is strong, which I like, but the overall flavor is just okay. Not bad, but not great either. It was too low in salt for me so adding extra salt did help the flavor. The can of tuna is just 3 ounces and there are 6 crackers included. Not enough to satisfy if you are hungry. I certainly wouldn't think this is enough for lunch, just a small snack.
It's been years since I've eaten one of these. I'd stopped for two reasons: the first was that I was just getting tired of tuna kits and the second was that over time these just didn't taste as good as they initially did. I can't honestly tell you if that was a result of the company changing the formula or just my taste buds screaming out for me to try something different for lunch. I had this come up as a product trial, so I thought I'd take a little trip down pre-fab food memory lane to see if I liked this as much as I initially did. For the most part, I did and I'll likely buy this again sometime in the future.The good is that this is quick and easy. You don't have to mix anything, which puts it a little ahead of the kits where you have to mix everything yourself. This won't allow you to control the level of taste, but at the same time you don't have to worry about wasting time mixing or making a mess. You trade some things for the convenience. It's also fairly filling. It won't take the place of a full meal, but it'll be a good option for those times that you don't have the option to bring something that would need refrigeration or big lunchboxes.Taste-wise, this was OK. It wasn't the greatest thing I've ever had as far as tuna goes, but then for a pre-mixed option this is fairly good. I'll be honest: nothing will ever taste as good as the things you or others make fresh. This is still fairly tasty and good enough that I ate the remainder that was left over from the crackers. If it wasn't good then I wouldn't have finished this. I'd recommend this as a quick snack or a portable mini-meal for anyone on the run. It's good enough that I'm reminded that this is an option out there and I'll buy this from the store in the future.
The idea of a healthy, tuna fish snack that's easy to stick into a lunch bag or backpack appealed to us. We like tuna fish, we like crackers, we like sundried tomatoes and basil...shouldn't we like them all together in a &#34;medley&#34;? We thought so...but we just didn't find it that good.The crackers were pretty dry; the tuna was pretty fishy; and the sundried tomato and basil flavor seemed to clash with the tuna. It certainly wasn't inedible, but it wasn't nearly as good as we anticipated.
This a snack size serving that includes crackers and flavored tuna. My husband liked it at first actually - the crackers taste like buttery Ritz crackers. For me though, the tomato basil had a very acid after taste that I just could not shake off. It was almost a bitter sensation from the first bite that just wouldn't stop. The husband noticed it as well, but got past it. Alas, we won't be purchasing this version in the future.
The Bumble Bee Sensations lemon pepper Tuna Medley Kit is a little kit that includes premixed tuna salad (no draining, yay!) and some crackers to serve it on.  Included is a little spreader.I have friends that mix tuna with a little bit of vinegar and make a sandwich out of it.  Personally, I like mine a little more bad for me and use mayonnaise.  Sometimes when I'm feeling like healthing it up, I use greek yogurt.  I'm not exactly sure what was used here.  It reminded me of the vinegar idea, there was no creaminess involved.  But no vinegar flavor either.  The spice was fairly tasty, definitely lemon pepper.  The crackers were sort of like Ritz.  In spite of fall the packaging, the crackers were still crumbly and I made a big mess out of them.Overall, a good idea to keep in the car, or your bike bag.  Tastiness is only average, but slightly compensated for by convenience.
It's a tasty snack to keep in your desk at work. The flavor is pretty mild but I didn't enjoy it as much as the lemon. If you intend on eating for it lunch it is on the small side and should be considered more of a snack or part of a larger lunch.The packaging was in clear plastic so it is good to throw in a kid's backpack or for a picnic -- and your crackers won't get broken.
Bumble Bee replicates a fairly genuine Tomato and Basil flavor in this to go kit, but this particular flavor is sopping with oil, the kind that if it touches your clothes, you better get to it before it absorbs kind that stains; it is heavily soaked in the oil.The crackers in this flavor were a bit on the old side. They broke easily coming out of their packet, and the nibble I tried plain seemed a bit bland too. I guess the cracker quality can be hit or miss, since my Lemon Pepper flavor had fresh crackers.I enjoyed the Lemon Pepper quite much, but this Tomato Basil flavor, although accurate, is not as appealing to me because of the excess oil content. Of the two flavors I've tried, the Lemon Pepper is brighter, lighter and more refreshing with a subtle pepper kick, while the Tomato Basil is more on the bold and hearty side, with an oily aftertaste that lingers heavily for a while.I would eat Bumble Bee Sensations Tomato Basil Tuna Kit if I was hungry and one is laying around for the taking, but I likely would not throw this particular flavor into the basket at the market if I were selecting among the flavors available.
I really like sun-dried tomato basil and was looking forward to eating this tuna kit. The flavor was ok but not very exciting. It almost was too juicy. It didn't smell much so it wasn't fishy but it wasn't tomato-y either.I was very disappointed with the crackers. Even though the whole thing was in a plastic shell not a single cracker was whole. I don't know if it was the shipping or just poor packaging, but there was more than a full cracker's worth of crumbs in the package that I didn't eat.I thought the spoon was a good shape and quite usable, but I just wasn't all that impressed with the rest of the product. I wouldn't buy this again.
Since I like tuna, lemon, and pepper, I thought this would make a good item to have on hand for a quick lunch. There is actually more in the Tuna Medley Kit than I would eat in one sitting, which is okay, because there are not enough crackers. The real disappointment, however, was how bland the tuna medley was. I used a more flavorful cracker, but it didn't add much to the experience. Then I added a little salad dressing--still bland. Finally, I loaded the tuna on a flavorful cracker and then put hummus on top. The combination was actually quite good, but since the tuna and crackers were so bland, I won't be buying this product. This is the first time I've ever called tuna &#34;bland,&#34; by the  way.
Wow. I thought this was a great idea. One serving of nicely seasoned tuna and a bag of crackers (and a little spatula to spread it). What a great way to have lunch on the go.However, at two dollars a serving, you are really paying for a lot of packaging. The tuna was great and I ended up putting it on a salad. The crackers were more breakable than Ritz and they were all broken at some point.The plastic spatula is difficult to use for tuna, more suited for a spread.So the tuna is a hit but the rest is not.
Tuna is an underrated food that can be used to create a large variety of elegant dishes... and there's the Omega 3 health benefits as well.  I've had tuna from Bumblebee, Starkist, and Chicken of the Sea and, to me, there's no real discernible difference and I have a feeling that others feel this way as well.  To spice things up, Bumblebee attempts to create handy little snacks with a 'unique' flavor, some crackers, a primitive spreading device, and calls it good: problem is, we don't.After having the opportunity to try the tomato basil flavor with some milk to wash down the carb-filled crackers, I couldn't help but feel underwhelmed.  The texture was the first problem as it almost seemed... flakey.  The primitive spread tool included was barely able to contain the tuna as each chunk seemed to want to fall apart making spreading it almost tedious, a trait no quick snack should ever have.  I resorted to grabbing a spoon from the drawer and used that instead, hoping the flavor would alleviate the trivial, and yet somehow critical, issue of texture.I was somewhat disappointed with the flavor as it tasted just like any other tuna product with some mild spices added.  Now, I did base my comparison for taste based upon the tomato basil Wheat Thins, which have great flavor... for a cracker, and I might have tainted the results, but the tuna tasted nothing remotely like tomato basil that I knew of or anything good for that matter.Then there are the portions, small.  Granted I'm 6'5 and have the appetite of a linebacker, but I wasn't even satisfied for an hour before my stomach started suggesting something far less healthy to eat (one day at a time).  It just wasn't satisfying to say the least.Given the lacking taste, texture, and portions, these "sensation" packages just don't seem worth the price as they seem to lack any real value.  If Bumblebee could make something larger and with more flavor, they might actually be onto something.... but, if only.
Better than plain old-fashioned mayonnaise tuna fish, definitely not a gourmand's delight. It's somewhere in between. I swear I tasted sweet relish and looked everywhere for it but it wasn't there; neither was the sundried and basil flavor. There's a tomato flavor though.The six crackers with the small can of flavored tuna and a less than rigid little plastic spoon to scoop and spread the tuna on the crackers makes a nice snack. It can be stretched to a filling lunch when accompanied by a piece of fruit and a beverage. When stuck at the desk working through lunch I would need TWO.I'd buy these for stashing in my desk at work for those emergencies.
This is tuna in a tomato-like sauce.  There is a hint of basil, but largely a slightly acidic, metallic taste to the sauce.  The crackers that came with the easy open can were like Ritz crackers but less brown, kind of like a Ritz shaped Saltine.  Not sure that I would want this as a snack frequently, but will do in a pinch.
The tuna was tasty, but not very flavorful. I could  have used more of the tomato basil flavoring. The crackers were also super dry and completely bland, and there were not enough of them for the amount of tuna contained. I liked the idea though, so I might try some of the other flavored as quick and easy lunches at work.
I grew up eating canned tuna fairly regularly whenever my family went camping.  For a time, I even kept a can of it in my locker as an &#34;emergency snack&#34; in case I ever forgot my lunch.I like that these tuna kits are so convenient - you've got your crackers and your mini-sized can of tuna ready to go.  It's an &#34;emergency snack&#34; if I ever saw one!I really couldn't taste the basil.  There was a bit of a tomato sauce flavor, but the combination of canned tuna and canned tomatoes gave this a strong metallic note that was not particularly appealing.  Worse, the cracker-to-tuna ratio is off - no matter how much tuna I piled onto each cracker, I still had a couple of spoonfuls left over after all the crackers were eaten up.It's a nice idea, but the execution leaves something to be desired.
If you, or your kids, aren't a big fan of tuna it's pretty well disguised in this snack.  To be honest I tasted more tomato paste than sun-dried tomatoes and basil but maybe that's just me.Total 18g of protein is better than most snacks although 375 mg of sodium is a little  high.Handy to put in a lunch or keep in a backpack or car for emergencies. No refrigeration needed.
Good but ....These are pretty good, better than I'd expect from a &#34;healthy&#34; product.  However, they're still just as addictive (i.e. not satiating) and full of empty calories as any other carby snack, so might as well just eat the real stuff.
It's okay, that is what Amazon assures me three stars means, so that's where I am with these. On the plus side they are gluten free with no GMO ingredients. The Puffs are very light and fluffy and have a nice crispy crunch. The cheese flavor is, to put it nicely, lacking. I turned the package and had the family taste it to guess the flavor (the dog turned up her nose). Light cheese, cheese maybe? unflavored? were the guesses.I could catch faint cheese but I'd rather have something a little stronger on the cheese flavor, not sure where the mac and cheese came from.Nice, inoffensive, great texture, somewhat flavorless
OK, if you're looking for the real cheese puffs, these aren't it but if you're looking for a "cheese" taste in a snack form, this could be for you. They do have a good flavor although I'm not getting the Mac and Cheese part.  They taste like white cheddar, they are light and low in calories.I probably would just get the real ones if I had a craving for cheese puffs or Jax.However, if you're looking for something to pack for you lunch at work, that's low in calories and can satisfy your crunchy craving, this might be for you.
My wife and I both tried out this product. It was only OK (at best).Too much air in the product. Kills the mouth feel. Detracts from the nice, cheesy taste that you get when the puffs first hit the tongue.Would have been way better if they put only half the air into the puffs. If calories were an issue, then eating half as many would not have been a hardship.Better tasting than say those dry rice cakes, but kind of reminded us of that sort of thing.
These taste just like Cheez Doodles, but supposedly they're healthier for you.Gluten-free, says the package.  Only non-GMO ingredients!The latter claim sent me scurrying for the search engine.  GMO = genetically modified organisms.  Phew -- don't want any of THOSE in my baked snacks!And if you're not yet convinced that these are healthy for you, just check the price -- upwards of $2 for a scant 4-ounce package!  They MUST be healthy at that lofty price point...Do these taste like mac & cheese?  No, they taste like ordinary Cheez Doodles.  It is possible, however, that they don't turn your fingers quite as frighteningly orange after indulging.  Which is good news for everyone except John Boehner!So if you're a member of Gwyneth Paltrow's -- and John Boehner's -- social set, these are the guilt-free snacks for you!  The rest of us will continue to snack on sawdust and lint, which at least we can afford...
These cheese puffs are probably best for the kiddos. There's the undeniable fun factor of the macaroni shape rather than a traditional cheese puff shape. I do appreciate the effort to make these as natural as possible, including the exclusion of neon orange coloring. That alone might influence someone to choose these for their kids. The flavor is very, very mild and barely cheesy, and isn't salty. The texture is extremely light and is even good for early chewers. For adults, this product probably won't seem too captivating due to its lack of rich flavor, but I think children should like it.
These snacks are tasty, crunchy and addictive. They are light and to me the cheese flavor was mild. I would have like a stronger flavor but they were good. I would eat these again but would not search them out.
2.5 starsThis product was okay, but I didn't really like the overall cheese flavoring. I know Snikiddy was going for a milder, mac & cheese flavor, but it just seemed off to me. I'd prefer a slightly stronger cheese flavor, but these snacks weren't horrible.
The cheesiness of the puffs was quite good, but the texture of the puffs leave an &#34;eating Styrofoam packing taste&#34;.  I could not get over the texture comparison.  I have eaten those rice packing material so the fact that this has similar texture unfortunately reminds me too closely of the packing pellets.  I definitely agree that this is a healthier alternative to regular cheese puffs and kids will like it but it is not for me.
Everyone in my family loved these puffs. The whole back was eaten, I'm not sure if it was because it reminded evefyone of just a good cheesy snack or because it tasted like mac and cheese. To me the effort was valiant, but I got no sense of the mac and cheese. The attempt at making the puff look like a noodle, once I realized this was the case, I found that touch was successful. For the most part I have like other Snikiddy products better. Novel concept, but not likely well executed. I would have preferred a simple cheese snack without the gimmicks.
If you've been missing gluten-free cheesy snacks, you might like these. They're light and crisp, though they aren't particularly cheesy. That is the biggest let down with these. If I didn't read that they are mac n' cheese flavored, I wouldn't have guessed from the flavor. These are lighter than standard cheesy poofs, as they are hollow in the middle--a bit strange, otherwise not problematic.In all, these would be a fun treat to have every now and then. There are similar gluten-free products on the market, though, that pack more flavor. The price for these isn't bad, considering it's gluten-free and is a generous bag.
These mac n' cheese puffs are very bland. They have a slight taste of cheese. They have a nice crunch, due mainly to the fact that they are hollow. They are okay for a `healthy' snack, but not something that one might become addicted to.The puffs do have two advantages over other cheese puffs. They do not leave an orangey mess and they have more natural ingredients, so they are healthier for you. It is a stretch to think that they do taste like mac and cheese. There is only a slight resemblance between these and a mac and especially a cheesy flavor.
The ingredients are mainly rice flour, buttermilk powder, baking powder and xantham gum so one could definitely mix their own but the price is decent compared to the price of just rice flour.I made the chocolate chip cookies and the cornbread from the recipes on the back of the pouch and both came out fine.
Even though I grew up with Bisquick and love it, we are always looking for new and different pancake mixes...so I was excited to see all the rave reviews on Pamela's Ultimate Baking & Pancake Mix Wheat-Free & Gluten Free (on Amazon). It wasn't until after I purchased it that I even noticed it was what-free and gluten-free.Well, let me just tell you, at least for pancakes, this stuff is NO Bisquick. Bisquick still beats Pamela's by a country mile (or six). I cannot fathom how other reviewers there likened this to Bisquick or even better than Bisquick. NO WAY, NO HOW!Now, the pancakes were certainly not BAD--and I could see how if your diet required you to eat wheat- or gluten-free, then the pancakes were probably even good. But to say they were better than Bisquick? Never. Bisquick pancakes cook up light and fluffy; Pamela's pancakes were too moist and dense and flat and didn't even cook like regular pancakes (they don't bubble up like normal pancake batter, so we were a bit confused how to cook them). We even tried a few different cooking methods (temperatures) and none came out any better.Can you tell I'm a Bisquick girl? :) Here, let me get it out of my system: Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick Bisquick.The bag says "Makes waffles, scones, muffins, loaf cakes, cookies, biscuits, coffee cake, and more" and there are recipes on the package for all of those, including a banana loaf cake, pumpkin loaf cake with nut topping, sour cream coffee cake, zucchini loaf cake, chocolate chip cookies, and (I kid you not) Bisquick-Type Drop Biscuits. :)I did make a batch of chocolate chip cookies with the mix and those were good--they didn't taste any different than regular cookies made with flour. But for the regular person (i.e. you don't NEED this type of product) then it's certainly more expensive than flour. I am definitely going to try a few of the other suggested recipes to use up the rest because we certainly aren't going to make pancakes with it.It is costly: $40 for three (3) 64oz bags (or $13.33 per bag). If you sign up for the "Subscribe & Save" it drops to $34, or $11.33/bag or 17c/oz. That sounded like a good deal at first, but a 64oz bag isn't nearly as big as I thought it was. Compared to (are you ready?) Bisquick, which I can get a 96oz box at Costco for about $9 or 9c/oz...it's almost double the price. So unless you NEED this, I wouldn't buy it.INGREDIENTS:Brown rice flour, white rice flour, cultured buttermilk, natural almond meal (may appear as brown flecks), tapioca starch, sweet rice flour, potato starch, grainless & aluminum-free baking powder (sodium bicarbonate, sodium acid pyrophosphate, potato starch), baking soda, sea salt, xantham gumALLERGEN INFORMATION: CONTAINS TREE NUTS AND MILK*Pamela's Products donates to Celiac Sprue & Autism Support, and Research Organizations, and is a member of the American Celiac Disease Alliance.I am giving the mix three stars out of five. If I needed the gluten-free aspect I would probably rate it much higher (at least 4 stars, if not 5). But as just your Average Joe looking for a pancake mix to replace Bisquick...or something to replace flour, I'd give this three stars and advise you to stick with Bisquick (or whatever product you currently use that you like).
I give it credit for being organic but the flavor is off. I got the strawberry and I don't think it tastes like strawberry at all, maybe it's just me but I found that I don't really care for the flavor. The ingredients say everything is organic but it is made from apples and not straberries. It says it has organic flavoring but does not state what the flavoring is from. I don't think I would buy this again only because I didn't like the taste.
I was expecting the  strawberry flavored CLIF kid Organic Twisted Fruit to contain strawberries, but the ingredient list doesn't mention strawberries at all. It is made from organic apple puree and apple juice concetrate and "organic flavors" (whatever that means).The list of vitamins and minerals is rather extensive, and I don't doubt the "One Serving of Fruit" claim is valid. So it is a relatively healthy snack.How does it taste? Very tart with a flavor similar to old strawberry preserves.Will kids eat it? Yes. After trying one, my daughter took a few to school with her.
Being a big clif bar fan, I thought these would be great. However, they were very bland. Thankfully they were not sickeningly sweet like a fruit roll up and the ingredients were healthy. When I think of the taste of these snacks, mediocre is the word that comes to mind.Since this is more something I would get for the kids, I had them taste the snacks. They didn't like them at all and refused to even put them in their lunchboxes.These fruit snacks are healthy, but not tasty.
It doesn't have much flavor, just a hint of coconut.  It has a vaguely gelatinous "mouth-feel" to it.  I can't say it's any worse than fresh coconut water; I've never had that.  But it tastes fresh and was mildly enjoyable when poured over ice.  It's just not my thing at all, and as it's a wee bit expensive, it's unlikely I'll try it again.  But to its credit, I've got more coconut water-enthusiastic friends who swear by this and maintain it tastes just like its real, on-the-beach equivalent.  And it's loaded with potassium goodness.  I cannot fault any aspect of this product - it's just not my thing.
This is a very good product and if one likes the flavour. it would do what the sports drinks cLAIM to do!!It would also be excellent for anyone who is ill and needs electrolytes etc.Since the flavour or lack of is my reason for not personally caring for this, I would suggest TRY it to see if it's your 'cup of tea'. IF so, it is a decent healthy drink.
This beverage is best enjoyed very cold, or over ice.  Yes, it does taste like coconut water.  If you like coconut water, you would enjoy it.  I like coconut, but not particularly fond of the clear "water".  But it does taste quite refreshing on a hot day.  It does bring up fond memories of my life in Hawaii.Nutritionally speaking, it is high in potassium, so it could be used as a sport drink.  Also it only has 60 calories, no fat, and is 11 ounces.
So, I kind of grew up on coconuts... having been born on a beach town.  I also grew up Coconut milk, so I was pretty excited about this product.  However, after drinking it... it doesn't meet any of my expectations. It doesn't taste like Coconut  and simply tastes really watered down.  In fact, it tastes like you're just drinking water... very plain.  It wasn't very sweet or flavorful. I may be a little harsh because Coconuts are near and dear to my heart, but I have to be honest and I think they could have done much better.  For those of you who love coconut milk, I would recommend buying young coconuts from your local Asian supermarket. You can open it up, drink fresh milk and even eat some fresh coconut meat.  Nothing beats that experience... the real deal. Plus, it's better for the environment... no plastic containers or trash to worry about. Plus, it tastes so much better than this product.
I tried O.N.E. Coconut Water, and my opinion is mixed. There's no denying that it's healthy, fat-free, gluten-free and all-natural... but unless you already know you like coconut water/milk, this might not be the thing for you. Having tried coconut milk before, I knew what to expect. It had a slightly foul smell, and the taste is different from anything else. Coconut water is an acquired taste.When my sister tried it, she spit it out in the sink. When my dad tried it, he said, "it's just water." (It's true--it's very faintly flavored). I didn't think it was the world's greatest drink, but my opinion wasn't quite so negative as that.While not delicious, I will say that the product IS healthy, and its taste is not overbearing. The container was a bit difficult to open as well. All in all, however, it was what I expected. Nothing more, nothing less.
Coconut Water is a fantastic way to replenish your electrolytes and get hydrated. When I toured Thailand and Cambodia I got the water direct from large coconuts sold by the roadside. This is a lot easier to tote around. Coconut water is slightly sweet and lightly astringent, an acquired taste for some. I prefer the Amy and Brian cans better than the water in the O.N.E. (I also like getting little bits of coconut with my coconut water), but O.N.E. compares nicely to Zico or Harvest Bay.Amy and Brian sources their coconut water from Thai coconuts while O.N.E., Zico and Harvest Bay get theirs from South America. There is a real taste difference as the Thai coconuts are sweeter and less astringent.If you're looking for something to throw in you gym bag or backpack when working out this is a nice choice, if you're looking for all around refreshing drink I'd recommend seeking out Amy and Brain brand.
This "water" has a very, very light coconut flavor with a hint of sweetness. It is refreshing and doesn't leave an aftertaste like drinks with sugar. I like the fact that it has electrolytes, but they are really unnecessary for most people, in light of the fact that it takes a huge amount of exercise (like running a marathon) before one needs anything other than water to rehydrate. What I don't like is the number of calories, admittedly fewer than, say, an equal amount of soda or juice, but still more than I care to consume in a drink - and the price. I just can't see myself paying two bucks for a 12 oz. container when a glass of water from the tap (or just about any other drink I could choose) is much less. Or free!
I wasn't sure what to expect with this product. I can't disagree with the name. It is mostly water with just a hint of a coconut flavor. It is not sweet like a juice. It is not like coconut milk.What was surprizing, is the amount of carbohrdrates (according to the package label). Not as much as a sugar sweetened soft drink or a juice, but much higher than water or a diet beverage.
Three HEALTHY Stars!! O.N.E. 100% Coconut Water is one of the most natural drinks available. And it is fat free and sugar free with electrolytes. In addition, it has 60 Calories per package, 15 carbohydrates and packs a potassium punch of 670 mg. There are 14 natural sugars and nothing is added in an attempt to boost the flavor or change it.  It is as Nature intended and it is placed in an attractive soft carton with a foil pull-tab opener. It has a pleasant flavor with a hint of coconut taste to it and it should be served cold and consumed completely after opening the package. Definitely recommended as an alternative to those 'health drinks' with refined sugar. Three NATURAL Stars!!
As good as fresh, you do not have to keep it refrigerated until you are ready to use it. It should be chilled before drinking.
this is one of the stronger acai drinks that i have had out on the market. i would describe the taste as an earthy, berrylike flavor.  Warning - this drink does have a little more solids than others, hence its unappealing color.  This is supposed to give more antioxidant oompf.  Some people may find the gritty feel a turn-off.
Not what I expected, but it wasn't necessarily terrible.  It tasted mildly like prune (with a hint of berry) and the texture much the same as prune juice.  I would not buy it again, but what I bought most likely won't go to waste.  I am in no hurry to drink the other 11 in the case, but I have approx. 2 months before they expire.  If you want it for the health benefits, it is drinkable, just would not be my first choice.
This little drink comes in a beautiful container. The acai berry looks like blueberries with a touch of red; there is a nice rosy background. We are told that this amazing drink is 100% natural, is rich in antioxidants, rich in Omega 3,6 and 9, Amino Acids, Vitamin B and E, and Ellagic Acid. This concoction that comes from the Amazon Rainforest has a dash of Acerola (Amazon Cherry) that supposedly has more Vitamin C than an orange. This "ancient Amazon Secret boosts energy, stamina and vitality, combats premature aging and helps clean and detoxify the body."So I was ready to have my life completely turned around and wondered if the Obama campaign serves this magic drink to its large crowds of fans. I followed the instructions on the container that suggested that this drink is better served cold and put it in the refrigerator. I ignored the information that I'll be getting 157 calories in this one drink; after all, I'm getting 165% of my daily Vitamin C requirements.The drink, for starters, is an ugly shade of brown. But I suppose adding red dye number three would be inappropriate in something that is allegedly so healthy.  It doesn't go down terribly easy either. I cannot imagine drinking it at room temperature.I googled the Amazon Acai Berry and learn that it comes from the acai palm from which we get hearts of palm that show up in upwardly mobile salads. Okay. Then I read the testimonials. This little berry prevents seizures, moves both bowels and arthritic fingers, removes warts, clears the skin, is good for the treatment of diabetes and leumekia and heart aiments as well as having the same effect as Viagra.I am not sure how much of this drink you must ingest before you are a new creature in Amazon Acai and how you can prove its healthy effects, but these are some strong testimonials. On the other hand, that freshly-squeezed Florida orange juice in my frige is looking better and better.
I have never had acai fruit before so I was very interested to try this drink. This fruit is definitely an acquired taste. It is very high in antioxidants as a fruit but the drink would not satisfy everyone. I didn't mind the drink but I probably won't be drinking it on a regular basis.
I chilled the drink for six hours before consuming ('best served well chilled' it said). Although the packaging shows a flexi-straw like those included with kid's drink boxes, my sample did not come with one so I poured it over ice.The juice is a brownish-red (think an overly worchestershired Bloody Mary)and has body, I mean it's thick. Not syrupy, more like orange/banana juice or apricot nectar. Each serving provides 13% of your daily fiber, possibly explaining the body.Giving the juice a sniff I hit my first obstacle. The acerola reminds me (quite unpleasantly) of cherry cough syrup. My girlfriend would love it but I found it quite a turn off.Taking my first sip, the aroma and full mouthfeel gave my cough syrup flashback.  Not a good start. I wish I had a straw.Deciding to try not inhaling as I sipped worked much better.  The cherry didn't carry over to the taste much and I was greeted with a full bodied, sweet, fruity mouthful. The acai flavor is hard to describe, the closest I can come is pitted fruit (plum/apricot??) but there is so much sugar added (in the form of evaporated cane juice) that the true fruitiness is covered up. There is a lot of sugar in this stuff, 29g/box, not quite the level of soda pop but not too far either. Bypassing the acerola, by either using a straw or not inhaling while drinking, the overall flavor isn't bad, one that might grow on me.A lot of health claims are made about acai (alertness, stamina, etc), only trying a single box, I cannot attest to any long term benefit, alertness/energy could certanly come from all the sugar. It claims high levels of antioxidants and Omegas, but at over two dollars a serving, it's not an economical method of obtaining those nutriants.Overall, to satisfy MY palate, O.N.E. should drop the acerola, and decrease the added sugar to make this a product I would consider purchasing. As always, taste is very personal and you might find that this works very well for you, but the current formula doesn't quite work for my palate.
After trying this I am hard pressed to get too excited about it.  Perhaps if I drank this on a regular basis for weeks on end I would see some benefits but I am doubtful that from a taste, calorie or expense standpoint I would ever find this worthwhile.Pros:1. Slick and unique packaging.2. Taste improves (in my opinion) when diluted.  I mixed mine 1 part water to one part juice and found it much more palatable.  I also enjoyed it more the colder it was so adding ice helped as well.3. Makes a decent flavor for a health shake.  I mixed this up in with yogurt, spinach leaves, fresh strawberries and it tasted pretty good.Cons:1. Very strong tasting.  Almost impossible to drink straight up, chilled or warm.2. Not very visually appealing.  Very dark colored with smoky hues and pulpy look to it.  Very dark brown color.3. Cost.  It is not a cheap way to get your health/hydration fix in.4. High calorie.  At 150 calories for just 11 ounces the health benefit is not weight loss but rather the supposed innate value of the Acai.Overall interesting but I think I will stick with my Cranberry juice for the time being.  I will wait to buy more until the mix of  price, calories and taste changes a bit.
O.N.E. Amazon Acai drink is one of the most unique and exotic fruity flavored beverages I have experienced.  Despite being 100 % naturally, ingredients derived from the Amazon forest, and antioxidants rich in Omega and Amino Acids, the taste may not appeal to everyone; the taste is slightly syrupy and berry.  However, the packaging looks desirable and is small enough to carry around for a quick sip, but make sure you chill the box first or add plenty of ice before drinking and have a straw handy.
Not bad. It doesbt have that bitter aftertaste found in most coffee.But... At the expense of losing some flavor.Just try it at least once to see if it's to your taste.
This is not a bad alternative for sensitive stomachs or for people who are overwhelmed by the acidity of coffee in general, but like the effects.  I wouldn't say that it has a robust taste, so if you're like me and like a good punch of taste first thing in the morning, this is definitely not going to hit the spot.  It advertises a more robust flavor than decaffeinated coffee, but it still doesn't compete in the flavor department with the the bolder flavors now avaialble. Like decaf, it contains a lot of sludge when you hit the bottom of the cup, but it's not strong.  The taste overall is like the weakest coffee blend you could find, so if you enjoy real french roast, this isn't even close.
Since I love French Roast, I was happy to get a sample of this particular roast. I opened the sealed bag and smelled the contents, which were not as robust-smelling as the French Roast I have been used to. I brewed a cup, and tasted it:1) Black no sugar -- rubbery after-taste2) Black, with sugar -- mitigated the rubbery after-taste which was still there3) Cream and sugar -- removed the rubbery after-taste, was pleasant and smooth but not as rich and aromatic as the French Roast I am used to.After four cups (not in the same day) my stomach WAS happier than when on "normal" coffee - I determined that the rubbery after-taste was there to stay. However, the coffee WAS smooth and definitely not acidic. But, it's a sad trade-off: low acid, rubbery taste (unless you mask it with cream/soy and sugar/honey). Hopefully something can be done to "tweak" those "settings".
The first thing I noticed, after brewing a pot of this coffee, was that it did not have the wonderful coffee smell that I love so much. When I first started drinking it, I didn't like the flavor, it is full bodies, but there was definitely something missing. By my second cup, it was starting to taste better, not bad actually. So I guess when you first start drinking this coffee you will notice it's not the same as the coffee you might be use to. But after you drink only this coffee, you get use to the flavor and it becomes a good alternative to regular coffee.
Normally I wouldn't buy French Roast because it's too strong of a flavor for me. But because this was a low acid coffee, I wasn't as concerned. I don't suffer from heartburn, acid reflux or mild stomach irritation, but I enjoy decaf coffee the majority of the time. This coffee looked fine, but it didn't smell good. To me, the smell of the coffee brewing is almost as good as drinking it. There just wasn't much of an aroma while brewing or after pouring in the cup. I added cream and the taste was ok. The aftertaste stayed with me long after drinking the coffee. I'll stick with decaf.
I like low acid coffees for the reduced bitterness, as I dont general have acid-induced stomach problems. This coffee was very smooth and had little to no bitter taste - great features of a dark roast.  However, the flavor was not as deep or rich as I would expect from a gourmet French roast. It was pleasant, but I prefer a slightly more robust, complex flavor in a dark roast.
Low acid or not, I'm sorry, I just couldn't get past the taste. I tried it black and w/ additives - sugar, coffee-mate, etc..I had to draw the line at artificial sweeteners; they make everything taste worse... The brewing aroma was mild to nearly nothing --  depending on the strength it was brewed. Well, it looks like I'm stuck w/ decaf during the work week until someone finds a low acid, great tasting coffee...
Let me begin by explaining where my palate is coming from. My usual coffee isCommunity Coffee Ground Coffee, French Roast, 32-Ounce Bags (Pack of 2). I'd actually prefer to drinkStarbucks French Roast Coffee (Extra Bold), Whole Bean, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 3), but I just can't afford it. So, I like French roast, which has a darker, bolder flavor, and I thought I'd give this coffee a try.I would rate the flavor of this coffee as middling. It didn't have that paint-thinner flavor that cheap coffees have (I'm looking at you Folgers). But it also didn't have the depth and richness that I associate with high-quality French roasts. Not a lot of body in this coffee (body is that heaviness on the tongue). Most French roasts have much more body, but some people might prefer this coffee because it has less. Taste-wise, this coffee is also fairly low in acidity (which you would expect from the brand), but low acidity is characteristic of most French roasts. I don't know how much easier this will be on the sensitive stomach.My guess is that if your stomach has serious acid problems, then this coffee will still be too much for it. If you just get a little sour stomach, you might be able to handle some other brands, and trial and error should lead you to the right one. I hesitate to recommend this coffee because of the price. You're paying a premium price for a middling flavor. I think most people  with acid sensitivity should be able to find a better coffee they can stomach for the same price or a much cheaper option with the same flavor. But, if you try this coffee and it works for you, enjoy. It's not a bad coffee; I just didn't find its flavor outstanding.
My husband loves French Roast and does have trouble with acid after drinking coffee. This would be a great benefit to him but the cost would prevent us from buying it.The flavor was still too strong for me but then I like really light coffees. I tried it first without creamer and didn't like the taste. I added 1/3 cup of water as I usually do for any coffee and some sugar free French Vanilla Creamer. Then it was fine for me.I think we would buy it if it was sold at a cheaper price. Kudos for the company for making low acid coffee though.
Puroast didn't have that deep coffee smell when I first opened the package nor did it give off a rich smell as it brewed, that comforting scent that says "wake up".  The taste was ok at best.  As advertised it didn't bite back or cause acid reflux or heartburn.  I brewed it in a standard drip machine.  I'll be sticking to my usual brand of coffee rather than switching to Puroast.
For those who normally steep a few Rolaids or Tums in their mug of Joe, a low-acid coffee seems an ideal alternative to those upset tummies. Puroast Low Acid French Roast is one such alternative, but there is a definite trade-off. The coffee is certainly low on acid, leaving me feeling well after a cup or two. But, the Puroast lacks that robust bitterness that regular coffee has, making it less rewarding on the palate. It's not that the flavor is undesirable -- in fact, it tastes just fine; it just isn't as rich, due to the process of removing the acidity (?).Overall, Puroast will certainly due in a pinch, and is great for those who suffer major acid indigestion from consuming regular coffee. But if you can tolerate a little discomfort and don't mind taking Pepto, you may wish to stick with your grande latte from Starbucks.
I didn't like this coffee. It did have a good smell when I first opened the pack, but that is about it. I like a medium to strong flavor in my coffees and this was just plain weak. I guess if you have stomach problems or just like a light coffee this would be great, but anyone who likes alot of flavor won't like this.
I often get a sour stomach from drinking coffee, so I thought I'd give Puroast a try.Just as methods of decaffeination often affect the taste of coffee, so does whatever technique they used to reduce the acidity.It's a shame, because the fresh grounds had a wonderful aroma, but the brewed coffee had a bitterness beyond what I normally associated with acidity. As a result, the flavor didn't have much dimension.On the plus side, there were no negative stomach effects, so I suppose if I wanted the caffeine and wanted to avoid the possibility of a sour stomach, this would be a reasonable alternative. That's an unlikely scenario, though.
Tastes like coffee. A nice mild roast, which will not be to the tastes of those who want a bolder, maybe near burnt taste like Starbucks.And this is very easy on the stomach. Of course that is because of they way it is ground, this is a very fine grind and quite frankly any fine ground coffee (even Espresso) is going to be easier and way less acidic and easy on your digestive system then a rougher grind.
I'll give you three different thoughts on this coffee:1. As a coffee: it's not the world's best cup of coffee. If you're not dealing with the acid issues, you won't find this worth getting for the flavor. The package I had was not bad. It was ok. When I brew coffee, though, I'm looking for a little better than ok.2. As a value: I'm not sure this is good in terms of value. First of all, I typically make coffee in a 4-cup mini brewer, so I only need about half the package size here. Second, most of the time the extra packaging for single-serve raises the cost a little bit. So, it's not a real good value.3. As coffee for someone with heartburn: Here's the kicker: Puroast doesn't claim it's the best coffee in the world. It claims to be a coffee that is processed in a way to reduce acid effects from drinking it. To my senses, it does just that. (They claim to have published research that supports it, so trace their links for science.) Usually I don't drink coffee in the evenings because the acid feel just churns through the night. Not so with the Puroast. It performed for me just as advertised.So: the flavor's not exceptional, but that's what sugar, flavored creamers, or other add-ins can help address. The value's not great, but it is cheaper than a trip to Starbucks. And if you can't have the full-acid of a normal coffee, this one is worth a try.
if you like coffee but don't want the acid.  this is a great coffee, the wife loved it and the dark roat.  me on the other hand like the acid and a lighter roast.  i'm not fond of dark roast.
unless you have heartburn, acid reflux, or mild stomach irritation that is directly attributable to coffee.  I have heartburn and acid reflux, currently treated by OTC acid reducers, and while I've found that certain foods and beverages seem to increase my symptoms, coffee doesn't appear to be one of them, especially since I experience my worst symptoms at night but only drink coffee in the morning (for the caffeine).  (Perhaps this product would make more sense in the decaffeinated version:Puroast Low Acid Coffee Natural Decaf Dark French Roast Grind Drip Grind, 0.75-Pound Bags (Pack of 2)or the half decaffeinated version:Puroast Low Acid Coffee Half Caff Dark French Roast Grind Drip Grind, 12 oz Bags (Pack of 2).)My single 3 oz sample bag (purchasers will receive 10 bags) arrived only partially sealed, a rather surprising lapse in packaging that one hopes is uncommon.  Nevertheless, there remained enough coffee to produce several cups.  Taste and aroma seemed fine to me; in fact I detected no difference from regular gourmet coffees, but for the reasons stated above I also detected no change in my symptoms.In sum I think this a specialized product truly suitable only for noticeably acid symptomatic coffee lovers (you know who you are), and I would encourage them to give it a try and see if it helps (and still tastes worth drinking).  Puroast Low Acid Coffee is available in many different flavors, roasts, and blends, many different bag sizes, and many different grinds plus whole bean; to see what is available just click on the Puroast Low Acid Coffee "Author" Button above, or search Amazon using that name.
As a rabid, unrepentant coffee-drinker, I had to try this product.  Although I love the flavor and texture of French roast coffee, it's acidity tends to wreak havoc once inside of me.  Given my (minimum) two-cup a day habit, coffee can be tough going, to say the least.The Puroast brand delivered on the caffeine, but I found the flavor to be a bit bland, both straight and with cream.  I generally like my French roast to be strong, sharp and over-powering (so as to awaken me with a jolt and keep me fully hyped up), but the flip-side of this is typically very high acid content with the usual medical complaints.  To achieve that same full sensory experience, I had to use a bit more of it- about 1.5 times the usual amount of grounds that I brew of typical French roast in order to achieve a similar 'kick' from the coffee.In passing, I also like to spice up my coffee with either 1) a little cinnamon and Kahlua (usually during winter) or 2) one part twenty-year aged rum, minimum two parts Grand Marnier, chasing both with a strong batch of French roast filled to the rim of the mug (a kind of after-dinner dessert on the weekends for me).  I tried the latter recipe with and without a touch of cream, and while typically the coffee tends to eclipse the flavor of the alcohol mix, with Puroast both the aroma and taste of the aged rum and the Gran Marnier came through right nice as my ever-so-sensible British friends are fond of saying.  I also found that for best results with the combo of aged rum and Grand Marnier, Nestle's Coffee Mate French Vanilla product provided the best results, which featured a smooth, even finish combined with a creaminess that was, well, positively orgasmic!In sum, this product is an adequate and satisfying entry to the coffee space, and I highly recommend it to those who literally cannot 'stomach' their coffee.
I have tried many coffees, but never a low acid one.  Wasn't sure what to expect.  The aroma of the coffee after brewing was fine, but I felt that it tasted strong like a certain brand from Seattle.  And I don't like their coffee. For a dark French roast it tasted burnt to me.  On the other hand, my wife enjoyed it (and she is big fan of DD coffee).  I guess it goes to what each individual's taste is but to me this wasn't my cup of tea (pun intended).
My husband is a coffee drinker.  He finds this coffee just ok...nothing great.  For those who needs low acid coffee, this is probably not a bad choice.
The manufacturer of this Dark French Roast Coffee advertises that it is gourmet coffee with less than half of the acid found in regular coffee. This minimizes, they say, heartburn, acid reflux, and mild stomach irritation. They add that their coffee lacks "the bitterness" found in regular coffee. My wife and I tried the coffee and found no difference in taste between it and the regular store brand coffees.
I'm a big coffee drinker...so the low acid is really a good idea.  This product was good...somewhere in the middle between Folgers and Starbucks I think. I can't say it was so good that I want to only drink his brand...but it will be remembered as one of many good coffees I've had.
I don't know what it is about anything w/ caffeine in it that gives me such bad indigestion the past few years, but this stuff actually DIDN'T give me hot pipes!  I'm pretty much a plain black Dunkin Donuts snob and this flavor didn't didn't do anything for me.  It was drinkable, but wouldn't be my first choice again.  Decently strong, not the watered down swill I was expecting.  If you really need some relief from the gastric distress coffee can sometimes put you through, you wouldn't be wasting your money trying this out.
I definitely noticed a difference in the way my stomach reacted to this coffee -- much less acid, fewer jitters. However, while the French Roast coffee tastes pretty good, there is a hint of bitterness in the aftertaste that is unpleasant. Overall, this is just OK.
Puroast low acid coffee does what it says it will do, allow folks with certain stomach sensitivities to enjoy coffee without hearburn.  The 3 oz packet produces a very strong pot of coffee, and therefore some folks may want to experiment with using a partial packet to brew the perfect pot.  But the coffee had a full-bodied flavor and did not leave any bitter aftertaste.  I would compare the taste toMelitta European Roast Extra Dark Ground Coffee, 10.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 4)The problem is that while the coffee itself is good, it is rather overpriced.  As it stands, you are looking at spending over $2 a pot if you buy the ten-pack.  Particularly in light of the fact that some folks will waste a pack or two trying to adjust to suit their tastes.  I can buy four or five full size cans of the Melitta coffee for the price of this brand.  Because of the price, the coffee is not a good value for your buck.
Okay, I'll admit it.... I am a coffee snob.  I have loved coffee since I was old enough to steal a sip from my parents' cup at the breakfast table... and that was too many years ago for me to tell you here.  That said, I will tell you that this coffee is weak and lacks flavor, no matter how strongly it is brewed.  I tried several pots and was not satisfied with even one of them.  I love a dark roasted, full flavored coffee and have tried many French Roasts, which this is 'supposed' to be.  It was dull and flatter than any generic decaf and truly unappealing to me.  I would rather have one cup of 'good' coffee than pots of mediocre brew.This is a coffee that left me feeling as if I had drank a coffee substitute and not even a good one at that.  If you are looking for low acid coffee, try a good Ethiopian or one of the many naturally less acidic coffees out there and pass this one by.  It left me totally lacking in coffee satisfaction.  The aroma was wonderful in the pot, but the taste was of the 'brown water' variety.  It needs work in my opinion.
I usually drink Gevalia medium roast or Dunkin' Donuts brand coffee. I have a 4 cup coffee maker and I use about 2 tablespoons of coffee per 4 cup pot.I used slightly less with this Puroast coffee because it's a French roast but even using slightly less, it was just too dark tasting for me. The second pot I made, I used even less - maybe a scant tablespoon and a half and it was still not for me. Even adding a good sized dollop of fat free half and half didn't make me want to finish the cup.However, I have lots of relatives and friends who like their coffee VERY "full bodied" and I think they'd like this. I just ordered some logo imprinted, insulated travel coffee mugs for my husband's business and I'm strongly considering ordering some of this to include with the mugs at Christmas time when we give them out to those my hubs has done business with.I see this brand comes in lighter roasts and I wouldn't mind having some of that on hand for friends/relatives who come to visit who I know have acid reflux/heartburn issues. For myself though, I think I'll stick to my favorites.
I was interested in trying this low-acid coffee, as I sometimes have difficulties with "regular" coffee. Brewed up a pot in my drip coffee maker, and gave it a try.It was OK -- decent flavor, comparable to my local grocer's "upscale" store brand. I tried a cup black, and a second cup like I usually drnk my coffee, with "pink packet" sweetener and a splash of creamer. I could tell it was low acid -- the negative effects I sometimes get didn't happen; not even a hint of stomach upset.But I'm not sure it's good enough to warrant the much higher cost.  I wanted to be wowed by it, and I wasn't.  Your mileage may vary, of course, as coffee is a rather personal taste.
While I wanted to try this coffee because of an acid reflex difficulty I was having for me personally it did not taste at  all like what I would call real coffee.I've been used to drnking either Starburcks or Petts which I think have what you might call a robust flavor.  That may be the reason I was disappointed in this.
I liked the strong aroma of this french roast coffee, both from the pouch and when it was brewing.  But the flavor was off, and it left a strong aftertaste.  I do get heartburn on occasion, and can say I did not have any after drinking this.  However, the price is so very high, and the flavor is only mediocre, so it is hard to recommend this product, unless you absolutely cannot drink regular coffee without distress.
This coffee has a taste I can't identify, nor describe, but I wouldn't buy this coffee again.  Perhaps if I had to use low acid coffee I'd buy more.I added cream (something I don't usually use) and sugar and it wasn't that bad, but I'd rather have a coffee I can drink black - the way I like it.
Do you get heartburn with coffee?  Before I started my little purple pills I did, and now I get to enjoy all the drinks and foods that used to burn my chest and torment my sleep.I was intrigued when I saw this product with the description: "Puroast Low Acid Coffee introduces our great taste, low acid coffee in a single pot, 3 oz. size which is great for the office, home, or travel. Puroast Low Acid Coffee offers consumers who a great tasting, smooth coffee that is proven to give symtpom (sic) relief to consumers who suffer from heartburn, reflux, and other related conditions."I got a pack, and it wasn't bad coffee, and I didn't get heartburn, but I haven't had it in years since I started the medicine.Alas - I also had a medical school education which allowed me to know that "stomach acid" is not only a real thing, but its hydrochloric acid, literally about the strongest acid possible.  One of the amazing things about human physiology is that our stomachs are designed to successfully hold that caustic solution.  Our esophagus is not, and when the sphincter between the stomach and throat is weak - even momentarily - the stomach acid splashes up into our esophagus and causes the familiar "heartburn."Methylxanthines are common substances that will relax the sphincters in our body, and they're found in high quantities in caffeine and chocolates, for example.  So - how useful is a "low acid coffee" in preventing the actual cause of heartburn if it has the desirable caffeine?I wrote the Puroast people and pointed out these things and they wrote me back with links to research done by biochemists on coffees.  I was still scratching my head over what to write in my review when I got an email from the CEO of Puroast! Yeah, I was surprised!  Anyway, he wrote:"Puroast does not make a claim as to the correlation between the pHof its coffee and the causes of heartburn/reflux, only that the coffee hassignificantly lower acid content (up to 80% lower) than leading commercialbrands."So - "Puroast Low Acid Coffee offers consumers who a great tasting, smooth coffee that is proven to give symtpom (sic) relief to consumers who suffer from heartburn, reflux, and other related conditions." - isn't a claim that there is a correlation between the ph of its coffee and the causes of heartburn?  Am I being trivial to point out that their product description misspells "symptom" and that the package I received misspelled "gourmet?")So - is it good coffee?  It ain't bad.  It's absolutely worth drinking on the basis of its flavor alone.  But is it worth >15 bucks for 10 one-pot bags?  I'd try the larger bags first.  Or I'd keep taking my purple pills and keep drinking the coffee that tastes best to me.
The coffee is rich dark and beautifully low acid, meaning not stomach ache.However, that format of 3 once bags that are not resealable can be a challenge to deal with.They remind of the bags I used at restaurants to make coffee for the diners. 3 oz is enough to make one 12 cup pot of week coffee or 8 cups of tasty brew.But I am just one guy and 8 cups a day is a bit much for me.So, I decided to use a french press and that was a mistake, the grind is too fine, and I got some sludge at the bottom of my cup.Then the following day, I made a small pot, but since the pack was not resealable, I thought it had lost some of the aroma.This could be solved with a ziploc baggie I guess.Regardless of the wonky format, the coffee is good and it is low acid.  But then so is coffee made with a cold toddy tool like:Toddy T2N Cold Brew System. The only draw back of the Toddy, is that coffee tastes like a different animal, but it is tasty, and low acid too (due to the cold brew process).  The Puroast Low Acid Coffee maintains that hot brewed coffee taste.
I'm more of a tea drinker, but enjoy an occasional cuppa joe. But the acid never bothered me. I won't say I missed it here, but the flavor didn't wow me, and lactose, alcohol, and smoking all seem to give me the "fiery urp," the acid in coffee not so much. It wasn't bad tasting, mind you, and if you love coffee but get heartburn from high acidity, it's probably worth a shot. Not my cup of tea though!
This wasn't quite what I expected.  The coffee wasn't as strong as I like it even when I used 2 bags.  I could tell the difference about the "low acid" but it didn't make me want to go out and scream this is the best ever.  I could understand if the acid in coffee brothers you but for the 2 cup a morning mama I'm keeping my regular brand.
The taste is decent.  Not good, but not really horrible.  If it didn't kick off my reflux, I could live with it.  But, unfortunately, it does, so I can't, so the taste is irrelevant.  I appreciate them trying!  Maybe a dark french roast isn't the best flavor for a low-acid coffee drink though?I'm rating this three stars because I think someone with less severe reflux might be okay with it.
It's hard to review for this 3-ounce bag of coffee for two reasons; 1) three ounces is not a lot of joe to go by, and 2) the tests were performed in a brand newEZ-Cup for Keurig Coffee Machines By Perfect Pod, but let me share the experience with you.First of all, if you have problems with acidic coffee, the chances are good your problems are not as bad as my Dad's issues with it.  He was the test subject because he loves coffee, and can rarely drink it.  He's had 2/3rds of his stomach removed... TWICE.  He's also had Barrett's Esophagus, and has undergone procedures to literally burn the potentially cancerous stuff from his throat.  His sensitivities to acidic foods or beverages are, as you can imagine, severe.  So when I saw a product sample offered on Amazon recently, I jumped at the opportunity for him.He was able to make two cups of coffee using the new K-Cup Pod, but reviews are incomplete because the experimentation with the amount to put in the K-Cup is complete.  There were no instructions as to amount to use on the package of coffee, so we had to guess by dead reckoning (to be honest and fair, even if we'd used a regular brewer, we still weren't sure how much water to put with the three ounces... we imagined that it would have been six.  So we looked at a video on YouTube from Perfect Pod which showed how much they put in, and we followed suit.  What came out, was, according to my Dad, ironically "weak."  We probably should have put in more, but the portion we'd used was exactly half the bag, so we didn't have enough left to try it again.  On the positive side, he suffered no ill effects from what he ingested, so that's a promising prospect..My Dad and I have ordered a one-pound bag of Puroast coffee to try again, this time the House Blend.  I will make a point of returning once we've had the time to test it, and I will update as soon as possible!
We are coffee lovers, and my husband is a heartburn sufferer hence my excitement to try the Puroast Low Acid Coffee.  It wasn't horrible, but wasn't as good as we would have wanted.  It just didn't have that good coffee taste that we love.  If you don't like strong tasting coffee, then this might be okay for you, but it isn't for us.
First off, I am a Dunkin Donuts coffee guy.  I like it the best out of major brands, either from the local franchise (cream and sugar) or made at home (black).  Dunkin Donuts' coffee is not for everyone, as it has a heavily roasted taste.  At work, we purchase Starbucks Sumatra from the local coffee delivery distributor (it's actually cheaper than DD or other brands!).  Starbucks House Blend used to be what we bought, but everyone in the office (myself included) felt it was one of the most acidic coffees to drink.  Their Sumatra is stronger but less acidic.  I'm no coffee expert, but the last couple years has definitely opened my eyes to the nuances of coffee flavor.  With that experience, I was interested to try this product.The flavor, off the bat, is certainly less acidic.  I drank it black, as I don't typically add anything to my coffee.  It has a fuller coffee taste than many decafs I've tried, but there is a bit of a dull taste to it.  I made it at home, and have a very clean coffee maker, but it was just a little off.  I prefer it to Dunkin decaf, but not by much.  If you require a non-decaf coffee with low acid, this is a fine choice.  It may improve with sugar or creamer too.  There may be better choices out there for this type of product, or coffees which are full flavor but less acidic.  I am not extremely sensitive to the acid content in coffee, but if you are, this should be a good choice for you.
I have occasional problems with heartburn, so when I saw that Puroast had released a coffee specially designed to be low acid, I was eager to try it, and I enlisted my husband as a willing co-investigator.  Our verdict:  The coffee does indeed have a noticeably smoother, less acidy taste.  That's the good part.  However, I would characterize the taste--and I'm trying to be diplomatic here--as reminiscent of a slightly old coffee foil pack found in a three star hotel.  I'll admit to being somewhat of a Starbucks addict, and I don't think the Puroast will convince me to change.  However, I think it would be a good option to have on hand for times when my stomach is acting up but I still need my morning caffeine fix, and if my stomach forced me to where I had to choose between the Puroast low acid coffee or no coffee at all, I'd gratefully drink the Puroast.
A little burnt, moreso than I like French Roast, I would put this more in the dark-Italian roast range. On the back side of flavor without much roundness, there is a little less body than perfect. Certainly the lack of acid is a major plus. On just the coffee taste, I'd give it three STARS.
I admit I am not a coffee expert by any means.  Basically, if it is brown, hot, and has cream and sugar I can drink it.  Usually.  That being said, the Puroast Low Acid Coffee French Roast was okay -- the taste to me was very strong and I am thankful that I didn't use the entire packet for the pot of coffee I made.  I would have never been able to drink it it was so strong.  That's the part where I am unsure of -- I am definitely not a fan of strong coffee.  The fact that it is titled as "low acid" didn't meant very much to me but I didn't have heartburn.  But I usually don't when drinking coffee.The price of this coffee alone would deter me from impulse buying or even buying it to try.  It comes in a pack of ten for twenty-four dollars and even if I only used half a packet, that would still only give me enough coffee for less than a month.  Similar tasting coffees are out in the market today that cost tons cheaper.Natalie S.
SMELL OF DRY GROUNDS: Very strange. Different than regular coffee. A little like sweet garbage. Made me worried that the coffee would be disgusting.SIZE OF BAG: Enough for about 5 generous scoops.TASTE OF BREWED COFFEE: Passable. Nothing great, but nothing bad. Had a slight wang and a little bit of an aftertaste like old or cheap coffee.ACID: A 3-ounce bag wasn't enough to really determine if it was easier to digest than regular coffee. Neither of us drinking the coffee seemed to experience any acid reflex afterward. Still, not enough to truly tell.
I drink my coffee strong.  The 3 ounce sample I received of this product wasn't nearly enough quantity for me to give it a real taste test, as I use twice that amount of coffee to make my morning brew.  Keep that in mind if you also drink your coffee strong: the 3 ounce packets are small.I am a Folgers fan.  It has a full-bodied flavor that is rich and satisfying to me.  So I am comparing Puroast Low Acid Coffee to Folgers, and the Puroast Low Acid Coffee failed miserably.  I found Puroast coffee thin and weak with some bitterness.  There is a mild espresso flavor that is similar to Turkish coffee I have had.  Bitter and unpleasant, but weak at the same time.I have had acid reflux (GERD) in the past and drinking regular coffee does exacerbate the condition.  This low acid coffee is made for people with acid reflux conditions so severe that they have had to stop drinking their morning coffee, and I applaud the fact that any coffee company has addressed the issue.  At the same time, the price is prohibitive.  10 tiny 3 ounce bags for $24?  If you make one pot every morning, that $72 a month!  For that cost, I would suggest buying acid reducer pills, and taking one before you drink your morning coffee, and to try to eat something bland while drinking your coffee, to give your stomach something to do with all the acid it is creating.Or, if you only have acid reflux in the morning and you think it's the coffee you are drinking, be aware that it could be caused by some medications you are taking, like calcium or vitamin pills.  In fact, any large pill can sit in your stomach and cause your stomach to create a lot of acid trying to break it down.  A recommendation is to either take more frequent smaller doses of the vitamin supplement, or stop them all together and cut out the acid reflux entirely.  Or add acid reducer medication and put up with it.Two or three sips of this Puroast Low Acid Coffee and it's down the drain.  It's giving me acid reflux just talking about it.
I found it delicious, and found it shocking that I was able to drink at all, since I have not been able to drink much coffee at all for the past few years because of a really bad case of GERD.  I think Puroast so far is the best brand of coffee that I've tried in quite a while without resorting to the Toddy maker.  However, I still had some heartburn with this coffee, despite the fact that I'm also on Nexium.Everyone is different when it comes to toleration of acid, so I wouldn't discourage anyone from trying this coffee.  But I did want to warn those who suffer from bad cases of GERD, that you may not be able to drink Puroast either.
While I'm a big coffee drinker, I'm no fan of Starbucks in-home brews. That being said, I work at a firm where they order Starbucks' French and Breakfast blends, but I order in my own instant NesCafe Clasico. I ordered Puroast's this time, but it tastes the same as the bitter ones, seems a bit acidic for being "Low Acid," and leaves a bitter aftertaste.I actually had to mix it in with some creamers (Coffeemate's French and regular). To me, it's as though I were drinking Starbucks' versions, so I see no difference.
I obtained a sample and when I opened the package the aroma was not inviting at all.  Well, I brewed it up anyway on a regular Cuisinart coffee maker and used the sample bag with enough water for 2-3 cups to make a stronger cup of coffee. Nevertheless, it tasted weak to me and didn't smell any better after brewing it. It was drinkable and ok, just not very satisfying to me as it didn't have a richness or depth or good aroma to it. Admittedly, I am not a big French Roast fan as it tends to taste bitter to me and acidic.  This one may be better than other French Roast because while I thought it tasted weak and bitter it presumably is lower acid. If you need a low acid coffee, then this is okay, but if not you may not find this satisfying, especially if you like dark, full flavored strong coffee.
On a scale of one to ten, Maxwell House being a one and Gevalia being a ten this coffee tastes somewhere around three or maybe four at best. It claims to be a gourmet coffee but it sure doesn't taste that way to me. As for the acid level of the coffee since I'm on meds for the acid reflux there's no way for me to tell if it works or not. It claims to have less then 50% of the acid levels of regular coffee. For me 50% wouldn't do it. It would have to be acid free.
I cannot say I had high expectations for a low-acid French roast coffee.  It was rather bland so the flavor does not live up to the full-bodied flavor one would expect from a dark roast coffee.  It is not bad an certainly an alternative if you are susceptible to acid but it is not in competition for any premium coffee awards.
I was never much of a coffee drinker in college, and it was only when I moved out on my own, in graduate school, that I started to enjoy a good cup of coffee.  When I got my first real full time job, I would easily drink a pot of coffee every day.  However, as someone with a lot of gastrointestinal issues, coffee is a huge dietary sin.  The caffeine and acid could do me, and spur stomach aches that would last for days.  When I was officially diagnosed with acid reflux, my doctor told me to cut all caffeine out of my diet, cold turkey, until things were under control.Now that I have learned how to control my gastro issues, I am once again worshipping at the shrine of the coffee bean.  Since I began working again, I make a small pot daily.  But I quickly find myself feeling icky from drinking coffee.  So when I learned about Puroast Low Acid Coffee, I was thrilled.  It caters to people who have acid issues but love coffee.  I was thrilled to get to try it.My first impression was WOAH, this coffee is strong.  I am not a huge fan of french roast coffee, I tend to like a milder blend.  Once I got over the initial taste, and adjusted my milk and Splenda accordingly, I started to really enjoy this coffee.  While it was fresh and hot, it was pretty delicious.The problem with this coffee is when I returned to the pot for a second cup.  This was probably within 20-30 minutes of brewing, and the heating unit was still on.  But the coffee did not taste fresh at all; it almost tasted as if I had reheated coffee from yesterday.  It actually tasted more acidic that my normal coffee does.  So, I had to throw the rest of the pot out.  Because of this, I just cannot tell if this coffee really does allow someone with acid issues to enjoy a pot of coffee.Perhaps it was the french roast blend; another blend may have better results.  I would certainly try another flavor, because as I said, the initial cup was fantastic.  If this could be purchased as a resealable container, I may be more likely to purchase it, and make only a cup or two at a time, so as not to waste it.  I am not ready to give up on this product just yet.
I don't really fit the presumed target audience, i.e., those with medical conditions that require low-acid diets. But, I dislike the sour taste of coffees with higher acidity, so I tried this with high hopes.It brews up a little strong (I used my preferred ratio). The taste was unspectacular, which isn't to say it was bad. It tasted like the diner coffee I used to love back when true diners were more prevalent. No toasty/nutty flavors. No complex aromas. Just honest coffee.So, I was not disappointed, but I wasn't impressed. For the price, I'll stick to Cafe Altura. I haven't tested the pH, but Altura is rich, strong, smooth, and best of all, consistently NOT sour.BOTTOM LINE: Give it a shot, but temper your expectations.
My husband suffers from heart burn and takes antacids daily, so I had him give Puroast a try. His thoughts are:- the Puroast is tolerable if there is no other alternative, but it does not compare well in his mind to regular coffee. The taste was somewhat bitter- given the price - almost $18 for 10 packs - it's almost better just not to drink coffee at all- if you must absolutely have some sort of coffee and cannot at all have regular coffee, this might be an acceptable alternative.
I had high hopes for this coffee as I am a coffee lover but the flavor was a bit strong and even a little bitter. Moreover, I still seemed to have a case of heartburn after this cup of coffee. Nonetheless, if you prefer strong coffee that will help you grown hair on your chest, then this is the one for you. Me being a female and all... I prefer no fur on my chest so I will stay away from this coffee. ;o)
While I like my coffee strong, I am slightly susceptible to acidic coffee - just not enough to have to seek out alternatives. If you are to that point, I would recommend this coffee as a good alternative, but if you are not quite to that point, this is not a substitute for great coffee. It's good enough to compete with the pre-ground mass-market coffees but doesn't match up to the more premium beans. It has a mild, nuttier flavor than I'm used to, and a hint of aftertaste comparable to a diet beverage.What confuses me is that the description claims this is a good choice for decaf drinkers looking for a more robust flavor. I'm not sure I agree with that, but what confuses me is: is this decaf or not? I didn't think so, but this claim makes it vague.20 minute later update: oops, definitely caffeinated... gotta run!
this coffee was made in a drip filter - i have to say that while the taste was not objectionable, it was not memorable... as far as the 'low acid' feature, i've never been affected by the acidity of coffee, and could not detect a lack of acidity in this brew...
....but on the plus side, no heartburn as I sometimes get when drinking coffee.  I made this 3 ounces (1 packet) to a full pot of water in my 12 cup drip coffeemaker, maybe that was the reason for the weakness. I was expecting it to be stronger since "dark" was in the flavor name. Nice aroma and no bitterness, but unless my heartburn issues get worse in the future, I will stick to my regular mocha/espresso drinks and my CBTL machine.
I love coffee but don't drink it that often because my body reacts badly to the acidity. So I was really wanting this coffee to be "the one."I invited 3 friends over to help me try it. The consensus was that Dan found it a little weak, Harry could really tell there was less acid in it and Gayle gave it 5 stars because it didn't "bowl her over" with harsh flavor.As for me, I loved the smoothness of the brew best of all. I did find it on the weak side after the initial velvety taste went over the tongue. The flavor was rather bland. There was no over-all deep, full-bodied taste, but with the beans adjusted to exclude acidity, I didn't think there would be.I would drink it again, but probably wouldn't buy it. As the title says:  A Decent Average Coffee
I love the texture of these crisps.  They have a light, delicate crunch and an airy feel to them.  The chili lime flavor did leave a lot to be desired.  I think if they had been a different flavor, then maybe I would have liked them more.  But everytime I ate them, the chili powder threatened to bring on an asthma attack.Next time I'm trying the Vinegar and Sea Salt!
As I write this review, I'm looking at 3 large boxes of Popchips stacked in my living room.  I bought 2 of the 3 boxes, which each contain 24 bags of the chips.  One of the boxes I ordered is Popchips barbeque flavor, the other is the Popchips Variety Pack and now I have a box of the new Chili Lime Popchips that was provided by the manufacturer for this review.I am a big fan of Popchips and I've bought them many times.  Generally, Popchips are low in calories, low in fat and relatively low in sodium.  They make an excellent snack that's a lot better for you than regular potato chips.Problem is, the chili lime flavor really isn't very good, in my view.  There's sort of an off-putting aftertaste to them that I can't just put my finger on.  You can taste the lime, although it's a bit stronger than I'd like, and it sort of tastes like bad chili, but I'm not a fan of this variety.Sure, I'll eventually finish the box, but I wouldn't order them again.  So while I love Popchips in general and enthusiastically recommend them, I can't recommend these and give them a 2.5 star rating, which I'll round up to 3 stars mostly because I do like and support Popchips.I'd recommend avoiding these.  The flavor isn't quite right, in my view.  My favorite flavor is barbecue followed by plain and the variety pack is a good way to figure out what you like the best.  But I cannot recommend Chili Lime Popchips.
These are definitely a healthier alternative than your standard potato chip - each bag (roughly 20 silver dollar-sized chips) has only three grams of fat and 100 calories. They are also kosher, gluten-free and vegan.Instead of baking the flavor into the chip, Popchips add seasoning once the chips are "popped" (as opposed to fried or baked). This, however, is also the cause of my problem with the chips. I found the flavor to be wildly inconsisent from bag to bag, and sometimes from chip to chip within the same bag. One bag's lime flavor was so overpowering I almost gagged, while the next was a nice, uneventful snack. The lime flavor is also much, much more noticeable than the chili flavor.As a healthy alternative to potato chips, these are a viable option, but keep a glass of water handy - with the almost-randomized flavor intensity, you're not going to know how intense the lime flavor is going to be until you open the bag.
My local store was running a special on these, so I decided to give them a try.  They were ok, but I don't think I'd be getting them again if faced with the choice between these and another brand.  A good flavor was quickly followed up by a bad after-taste.The barbecue on this was the sweet smoky type of barbecue.  And it was good, a very addicting flavor.  The problem was the aftertaste that started a few seconds after the barbecue flavor melted away.  To me it tasted of straight rice flour, which is a very acquired taste and one that I've never been able to acquire.  It didn't help that these chips had the texture of Styrofoam either.  Between that and the rice flour taste I just couldn't enjoy them fully.The ingredients, however, are very good in this chip.  They're made of potato, use sunflower and safflower oils and the seasoning even has everything I can pronounce.  Although I am always suspicious when the designation "spices" is used without spelling out what those spices are.  And there was some rice flour in the mix which explains the aftertaste, but it was the last ingredient in the listing, meaning there shouldn't have been too much.  But I could still taste it..8 oz is 100 calories for these chips, and it's a fair serving of the chips.  Enough for a small snack.  The bag boasts that they are all natural, and they are gluten free.  And there's no preservatives.  Sodium is about 7% of the daily value, which isn't outrageously high either.  All in all, they aren't extremely great for a person on a diet, but they aren't the worst thing you can eat, especially if you want a bag of chips.Maybe with a different flavor if they eliminated the rice flour I could bring myself to eat these again.  But since for now it's still there, I'll be steering clear.Review by M. Reynard 2012
In general, I love Popchips.  (BBQ are my absolute favs.)  These are the chips I go for automatically at the store because of their crisp texture and great taste.This review is for the Chili Lime Popchips.They have a little heat for the Chili and a bit of acid for the Lime, however, I must admit that these are not my favorite.  The taste took some getting used to and, while not awful, this is not a flavor I'll be going back to.  The chips have the same great Popchip texture however, they left a bit of an unpleasant after taste coating the back of my throat.  An after taste that lasted quite a while.Since everyone loves different flavors, I'm sure there will be folks that will love these, but for me, the Chili Lime flavor rated a 3.  Not awful.  Not great.  Not on my shopping list.
I shared these with friends at work.  The consensus is that they taste good, if not quite what some people expected.  Those who enjoy sweet potato fries liked them better than those with no experience in that area.  Price would be a consideration for everyone who tasted these, but not necessarily the overriding issue.  I personally enjoy them.  I'd look for them in a larger bag over a snack-size bag, mostly because I'm cheap that way.  Nobody said they were nasty or that it was something they'd never choose.
I had to fight to open the sweet potato chip bag because my mind just doesn't want me to be eating sweet potato chips.  Anyway...I get the bag open and I expected them to be gross.  The chips are not gross. They taste like sweet potatos which to me means they need some butter flavor added  to make them taste good.  As it stands, they taste like an unflavored bake potatoe without any butter.I tried to eat a whole bag and they kept getting stuck in my teeth so I gave up.  Also, it just doesn't feel right to be eating sweet potato chips.  I have a whole box of them so I am going to continue to try to get used to them.====Update: I still have a box of these chips left.  I couldn't stomach them, my co-workers said they were too bland, and my friend co-worker said they taste like unflavored cornflakes.I don't see how these will be a hit in stores.
I thought these were going to be sliced sweet potato's, but they are not part of the ingredients. It's actually sweet potato flour. In addition, there is rice flour and corn flour mixed in. I think the taste of the corn flour overpowers the sweet potato flavor. Overall, the chips taste like salty corn flakes with a hint of sweet potato.  Overall, probably fairly healthy for what they are (low in fat), but short on taste. If you are not expecting a strong sweet potato flavor, then these may be a good choice for you.
Normally I prefer plain chips, even though I don't eat them often. The chili lime is pretty good, great with some guacamole. These chips are very crisp, with a strong potato flavor, but also have a slightly burnt taste.
O.k., this coffee got mixed reviews in my house where it was compared with both Starbucks coffee and my husbands usual morning Senseo cup. We did a little taste test. I thought the Senseo smelled great but had a bitter after taste. This Tasters choice was fine, mild, nothing to write home about but drinkable if binging on caffeine for an all-nighter.My husband nearly spat the Taster's Choice across the room, proclaimed it disgusting, was hen-pecked into sampling an additional warm gulp when I told him he was being a drama queen, and still hated it. He even went so far as to say the smell made him gag and made me remove it from the room. I couldn't smell anything. We both loved the Starbucks. I gather if you are a coffee snob this isn't the choice for you.That said the packaging size is a little dinky for keeping in your work desk since it's only 7 sticks. But for the car or your purse ( if you have a purse) it's a good choice on the run.
It's instant coffee. It's pretty much what you'd expect from instant coffee. Very generic, nothing special about it.The funny thing I've noticed about this product is that it's essentially for on the go, right? Well... unless you like black coffee, don't you need to carry all the extras, too? Oh... and hot water. And a heat-proof cup. Where are you gonna get those? A coffeehouse, or your office's coffee station. And do you really hate the coffee that badly to just bring your own?I do. Maybe you don't. It's a judgment call, but just something to think about.
This is not bad for instant coffee; however keep in mind whole bean or ground coffee is the best if you are a coffee lover.I will drink this camping or in a pinch.
As far as freeze dried coffees go, I am not a big fan.  There is no arguing of their convenience, though.  These single stick packs embody the whole concept of coffee on the go.  One other convenience from using these packets was that I could dissolve them in cold water and thus have iced coffee on the go!!  For those who are fans of Taster's choice, this should be great.The instructions indicate one pack per 8 oz, so it puts you in one of those weird situations where one is too little for a coffee mug and two packs are too much.  If you are extra adventurous and want that extra caffeine jolt for your drinks, try one pack in a can of cola or add to a reg cup of coffee - it's like a shot of red-eye!
This is quick and decent for coffee in hurry.  It's easy to carry with you, if you have hot water, and use quickly.  The taste is not really all that great, but I wasn't expecting it to be wonderful.
Instant coffee is never going to be as good as "the real thing", but when you want coffee but don't have the time or equipment to make it (and clean up after it) and don't have the inclination to spend $2. for a premium cup, it's nice to be able to make it by just boiling water or using the hot water available in many office water dispensers.The individual coffee "sticks" are much easier to use than the traditional packets which, unless carefully opened, tend to require cleanup of their own.  However, they add a lot to the cost of the product, and aren't environmentally correct.  This "Taster's Choice" would be to buy the coffee by the jar, and leave a plastic spoon in the jar for just-as-easy dispensing.  (If the spoon is too long for the jar to close, you can always break off part of the handle.)The box suggests these sticks be used "for parties and get-togethers", "at work", and "for travel and camping".  I'd reserve them for the latter, where the jar weight and bulk would be a problem.  Otherwise, the waste and added expense of individual packaging just isn't warranted.
Let me start by saying I am a coffee drinker.  I like the darker roasted, smoother tasting types of coffee and I usually like it fresh brewed.  That having been said, there are times that I would really like to enjoy a cup of coffee and having my own stash when other sources are not available would be a plus.  I really had no high aspirations for this coffee as usually I am left wanting by instant coffee in general, but that said....  The idea of coffee on the go, one cup at a time is handled very well by this product.  It was a surprisingly flavorful, aromatic cup of coffee that came out of this pouch.  Don't forget that it is a cup of coffee, not a mug and you should be pleasantly surprised and delighted with your 'coffee on the go' that fits in your purse or carry-on.  With some prepackaged creamer and a couple of sweeteners, you have saved yourself from the $4 cup of coffee, at least part of the time.  Good Idea!
We have an espresso maker on our boat !  How's that for coffee fanatacism ?So I am the last person who would expect to appreciate this instant coffee product, but it's really good.  It turns out to be exactly the right prepacked amount for a quick mug to take in the car before work.  I tried another cup  iced with milk and sugar and the flavor comes through pretty well.I can see the appeal of having instant coffee available in this convenient form.  Especially if you rarely drink instant, this would be much nicer than having a messy big jar open and getting stale.
I haven't had instant coffee in years, so was actually looking forward to seeing if there had been any advancements in the science of reducing coffee to small crumbles that reconstitute with water.  The Nescafe Taster's Choice 'single' sticks are certainly convenient, I threw a couple in my purse before I left for work.  I usually brew some coffee and take it with me in a travel mug but decided to try these instead, which I made when I arrived so it would be as fresh as possible (or at least, as fresh as freeze-dried coffee can be under the circumstances).  The 'recipe' is one stick for 6 ounces of water.  I like strong coffee, so I used 2 sticks for about 8 ounces of water.  It was satisfactorily strong and the taste wasn't bad at all.  The flavor certainly doesn't compare to fresh brewed but in a pinch I would drink it.  I also see these as being handy on a picnic or campout.  I would consider taking these along instead of lugging a 'camping' coffee pot.  The convenience factor is high even if the flavor is merely 'acceptable'.  I would definitely recommend these for the convenience but you won't be doing away with fresh brewed coffee for these any time soon.
When I saw this product, which said it was "sticks", I was curious because I thought it might be a new kind of instant coffee.  In fact, it is still regular instant coffee granules, but it is provided in single-serving packets which happen to be shaped like sticks... a narrow packet 3-4 inches long.  When I realized that, I expected not to like it.  Why?I am a coffee snob.  I have always shunned instant coffee, preferring fresh-brewed from fresh-roasted beans.  There is no comparison in the flavor and aroma.  Since I drink coffee black and no sugar, the flavor, aroma, acidity balance, degree of roasting, source and quality of the bean, etc, are important.I brewed it according to instructions (one packet in a cup, 6 fluid ounces of boiling water poured over it), tasted the result, and I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised.  It is more than palatable, more than acceptable: it's actually pretty good, quite good as instant coffee goes, and not as good as fresh-brewed.I don't think instant coffee will ever compare to fresh-brew, but this kind comes closer than I expected it to.  It actually has a bit of the aroma and "bite" of fresh-brew coffee.  It tastes like conventional-roast (not dark-roast like French, Vienna, Turkish) from reasonably good-quality beans.It's a hot summer afternoon, so I took out a big glass of ice and poured this over... while it was still hot.  Naturally the melting ice diluted it, but it was still reasonably tasty.  I'll try more experiments later for iced coffee and update.Comparing this product to the jar at the store, here we have lots of  packets (probably not recyclable), and the box (probably recyclable).  It is probably more expensive than buying it in a jar, ounce-for-ounce: you're paying for convenient packaging.  For those thinking green, buying the jar is probably better.  But the packets are handy for camping, in your office drawer for after-hours work.  The individual packets could be good to have on hand for guests if you are not a coffee drinker: it would be fresher than an old opened jar.I don't think I will be buying this product a lot, but in summary it was better than I expected.
This is a cool idea.  These little sticks weigh next to nothing (less than a paper clip) and would be easy to tuck into a purse, desk, or pocket.If you are wondering about taste, there is no difference I could discern from Nescafe's normal freeze-dried product.  Which is to say that for me this is more of a coffee-type beverage than coffee itself.  I've tried it with just milk, and with milk, chocolate syrup and ice and it's palatable.  I tend to use less water than the 6 oz. Nescafe suggests.I received this sample through Amazon's Vine program, but I'm definitely going to buy more (for the car!) because I seem to frequently find myself at places where there is no caffeine available.  This is a great fix for that.
as someone who is an avid brewed coffee drinker, I was interested in trying this product.  While I can see the need for the convenience of the product at home or vacationing, etc, I wouldn't buy this product for everyday use.  My main reasons for that is the taste-it's OK, but just OK, on par with about any cheap to go coffee you'd get anywhere else.  I would never drink this coffee black as it was way dark and bitter, but it was fairly good with sweetener and creamer.My other quibble is the packaging-while the box can be recycled, the packets are the same materials as chip bags and cannot be recycled. One positive aside to that is (when using a reusable mug)at least the small packet is less wasteful than a large Styrofoam cup ala' Starbucks.All in all, for emergency use at work or away from home I would recommend, but not for everyday coffee enjoyment.3 stars.
If you're looking for a supply of carbohydrates before an active sporting event, this might be your ticket. One bottle contains 320 calories, 79 grams of carbs (43g in sugars), and other goodies. My experience with Gatorade products has generally been restricted to their standard electrolyte drinks, including the nasty orange mix that we used to drink at track meets during high school.The Gatorade carb drink has a chalky aftertaste reminiscent of the Gatorade mixes, and I most certainly detected the 350mg of Sodium/salt that they added. It's not the best tasting sports beverage and I have my doubts on its usefulness as a sports drink due to the high sugar/carb content.
If all you care about is decaf instant coffee, then this product is fine. However, the real idea here is for convenience, right? Individual packets, no need to spoon the granules out of a jar? Well, on the little plastic packet is printed "Tear Here -->" and, yes - you guessed it - it is impossible to tear. You have 2 options, use your teeth or go find scissors. At first I thought I had grabbed a single defective packet, but every packet in the entire box was impossible to open manually. As for the coffee, ehh it's instant coffee; nothing special, nothing terrible.
I've never been a big fan of instant coffee and this product didn't change my mind.  It's OK for something really quick but it still has that "cooked" taste to it - rather like the difference between reconstituted dry milk and milk fresh from the carton.With enough cream and sweetener it's drinkable but I doubt I'd actually go out of my way to buy this product.It's interesting how all our tastes are so different - my husband LOVES the regular (not decaf) version of this product and drinks it all the time!
Taster's choice decaff is a pleasant mild tasting instant coffee. For travel and long term storage these sticks are a clever packaging option since the plastic lined sticks will keep the coffee fresh and help to avoid making a mess.  This is apparently  the same coffe as Nescafe Taster's Choice Instant Coffee, Naturally Decaffeinated, 7-Ounce Canisters (Pack of 3) but currently at just more than twice the price per ounce.  At the current price of $23.42 for a double pack of 160 (total) coffee sticks the price per serving is a rather reasonable $0.15. The price per ounce of coffee is $2.50 which more than doubles the price of the same coffee in 7 oz canisters.If you enjoy Tasters Choice instant decaff you might want to buy this for travel, camping or to take to work. That is if you drink your coffee black and have easy access to hot water. It is easy to tear open the stick and pour out the coffee making this a convenient low mess option unless you also need to carry creamer and sugar.  Keep in mind that that the sticks are sized for a six oz cup rather than a 12 oz mug.An interesting concept would be to offer an assortment of flavored and non flavored regular and decaff coffees that a host could offer to guests for example. In my case I don't see any need to have 160 mini packs of the same instant coffee that I can buy in a canister.While slightly more expensive I recommend the more convenient packaging format for this product of 24 packages of 6-sticks each (144 total) since these  smaller boxes are easier to pack in a suitcase, pocket, purse or backpack or give as a nominal gift to a friend.Nescafe Taster's Choice Instant Coffee, Decaffeinated,  6-Count Single Sticks (Pack of 24)
The new packaging is nice, but slightly harder to open.  I'm not a frequent coffee drinker and I thought it had a slightly burned note, but not bad at all.  I'd use this on a camping trip or travel situation.
The single serve packaging would be good for camping and such.  I found it worked very well in hot chocolate, which tasted great.  I didn't like the taste of the coffee much as it's very different from the brewed coffee I'm used to drinking.
I think these little coffee packets are cute as can be. I am just not convinced there is really a need for them. They might come in handy when backpacking, but even then the bulk of the packaging is not optimal and to be in line with ultra-light practice you would only empty out the packets and repackage them anyway or have to tape down the tops of the packets.I suppose it is nice to be able to carry around a cup or two of coffee in your bag though. And for hotels or to take on company picnics or things like that they have their place.I thought there might be too little coffee in each packet for a cup of coffee strong enough for my taste, but it was about right and made a nice cup of coffee to drink while reviewing the product. So, to sum up my conflicting feelings; they are sort of neat but there is already so much superfluous packaging in the world, do we really need more?
What can you say about instant coffee? Most real coffee drinkers don't have much that's nice to say about it. However, Taster's Choice has a slight edge above the rest. The flavor is a bit rounder and not as sharp as some of the other instant brands that I've tried. The single sticks are great for travel and are obviously pre-measured. So they have an edge because of the "convenience" factor as well. But it's still instant. So don't expect that REAL "fresh brew" flavor or aroma. For those in a hurry or in a pinch, it is certainly palatable.
Easy to open packages, but lacks aroma and flavor.  Good as far as convenience for camping, work, etc, but if I were to buy this coffee, I would opt for the jar as it would be cheaper and less packaging.Thanks!
The packaging concept for this product is great and will no doubt be successful for those who drink instant decaffeinated coffee.  As one who routinely brews coffee and drinks more than one cup, and who avoids decaf, this product was not for me.  But I gave it a try to see if perhaps it was time to reconsider my preferences.I found what I expected - a product conveniently packaged for the decaffeinated coffee drinker.  If this is your cup of...coffee..., you will like it!  I'm sticking with my big pot of brewed caffeine!
The packaging is most certainly the most difficult part of this coffee.  Even after trying to open up the single serve stick the final product left me wanting more depth of flavor.  It does have a smooth finish but as decaf coffee goes it's flavor does not match it's aromaIt is quite easy to transport and if you are not looking for a fresh roast flavor in your coffee then this instant coffee is right up your alley.
Upon first opening a packet, the aroma rose to my nose was so strong and rich that I was sure that this would be great. After putting water in, a nice white froth began to foam. Then I put in the sugar and cream and was ready to go. The taste is not the best, definitely cannot be compared to coffeepot coffee. However, it is pretty good for instant coffee. There wasn't as much coffee taste as I expected but nevertheless, it's smooth and goes down very easily. Overall, the product is satisfactory. Although, I was expecting a lot more just based on smell.
The slim packets are a good idea if traveling but are extremely difficult to open.  I attempted tearing at each end, where you'd expect a spot for ease in opening.  As I reached for the scissors, I noticed a "tear here" spot, on the side.  I couldn't even get it open with my teeth & expected when it did open, the coffee would fly everywhere.  Lucky for me it didn't.  I've never been a big fan of instant coffee.  The coffee is better tasting than expected.
Pros: Fast if company drops by.Cons: Thin, tastes like freeze-dried coffee.Both my wife and I made cups of Nescafe Taster's Choice, and the best I can say is that it isn't bad. It isn't great, either. If you like the taste of coffee, this probably isn't for you. But if people drop by the house and want a so-so cup of coffee, it's a quick way to give it to them.
Instant coffee is a great idea for when you need your fix on the go or at work where you can't store a huge container of coffee beans.  It's decaf to boot, which works well for those who just want the flavor and not the rush of jitters. Amazingly the packaging is accurate and correct in how easy it is to open the individual packets up.  The little "tear here" line actually tears without having to pull out the scissors or a knife, which is a definite plus if you are trying to brew a cup in the car or somewhere without utensils.Taster's Choice has a wonderful deep coffee aroma, but unfortunately the flavor doesn't quite match up as the roast is very light.  Using only one packet will yield something that could be described as flavored water, rather than watered down coffee.  Those who want a stronger flavor or a more intense roast will probably need to throw in two or three packets for a decent result.  Adding sugar and a little cream does bring the flavor out quite a bit however, so if flavored creamers is your thing this particular roast will suit you just fine.
I am pretty positive that no other cola will ever taste anything like actual Coca Cola, but I still try the options. If you are a huge Coke fan, you probably will not like this so much. It is awfully sweet and even when I set it to the 4th (max) carbonation setting on my SodaStream Revolution, it just doesn't have that "bite" to it. It seems to go flat pretty quickly too.I have tried pretty much all of the flavors so far and it seems like all of them have somewhat of a diet taste to them, even the ones that are not supposed to be diet.If you don't really drink soda often, or are not picky with it, it will probably be ok for you, but for true Coke fans, it won't work out too good.The Pink Grapefruit flavor is kind of weird. There is this odd smell to it similar to armpits and cat urine. It's like you get a whiff of it when you first open the bottle each time you take a sip. Also, the smell has remained in the bottle after several soakings and washings. I am not sure what is in it, but something is very weird! It tasted ok, but that odd smell is scary.The Energy drink is actually pretty good and very potent. It definitely gives you a swift kick of energy. Beware though that it does dilate your pupils. My eyes looked black and white - just the white of the eye and my extremely large pupil. Pretty good stuff though. Probably my favorite so far, for the flavor and for the energy. I set my SodaStream Revolution on 4 and then also add an extra shot on 1 and I love it. Previously, I was hooked on RockStar, but the SodaStream Energy is now taking its place.Root Beer is actually really good and probably the one flavor that comes closest to a "real" branded flavor. It doesn't have as much of the generic taste to it.
I suppose diet cola is just a matter of taste and there are a lot of different opinions out there on cola drinks. For the record, I like both Diet Pepsi and Diet Coke (and also Coke Zero.) but this cola mix tastes just plain awful to me. I ended up dumping most of the bottle out. It only tasted somewhat like cola with kind of a chemical diet soda taste. I would definitely not purchase it again.Update 4-24-14 - A friend suggested that I use less of this when mixing with carbonated water in my SodaStream. When I used half of the suggested amount it tasted decent. I still wouldn't say it tastes great, but it's okay.
I will definitely have to work on tweaking the amount used.The directions IMO had you using too much, it also left an aftertaste.In my house we are not regular soda drinkers and have been using more sparking water.My kids did not like this flavor, I may try mixing it with something else to try and balance the too strong taste.
I enjoy strong coffee more than the weak stuff. Yet as a morning blend, Yuban put together a nice compilation of South American blends and made something eminently enjoyable. I will admit, when waking up, the strong coffee is sometimes too much, and a lighter, more enjoyable blend is a worthwhile venture.Overall, I enjoyed this coffee. I am not an aficionado for this, nor can I really tell much of the differences. But for the price it was worth the time and the flavor. If you really need more flavor, throw some cloves and cinnamon in it... a fantastic blend.
Yuban coffee Breakfast Blend isn't bad.  It's better than my day-to-day budget morning coffee (Folgers), but not as good as other coffees I've purchased at its price point.This particular blend is very mild. I didn't notice the acidity or bitterness others have posted about, but then, I do tend to use more grounds in my filter than most people (thanks to a tip from Alton Brown).  I *did* notice that Yuban tended to brew slower than my usual coffee grounds, and that less coffee ended up in the pot--that is, the coffee itself seemed to be absorbing more of the water and letting the rest go through at a slower pace.  I have no idea why that would be.I think part of Yuban's appeal is supposed to be the "world-friendly" aspect of it. It's grown by Rainforest Alliance farmers, etc.  As I'm not politically minded when it comes to my coffee, though, I'm not about to buy Yuban because of it.
It's hard to review something so based on personal preference as ground coffee. Objectively, these Yuban beans are packaged perfectly well, the instructions on the side are well-written and helpful, and when I opened the vacuum-locked bag, the seal popped satisfactorily and the beans smelled fresh. Everything else is, literally and figuratively, a matter of taste.Opening the bag and inhaling deeply, my first thought was "Mmmm ... Folgers." Yuban is a mass-market brand, better known for its big cans than for specialty roasts in small bags. I find that very light roasts like this one work best when you scoop them sparingly -- too much ground coffee for the amount of water you're using and you wind up with what strikes me as an unpleasant, woody taste. Perhaps surprisingly, this Yuban is actually quite similar to the light roast Lavazza sells, a can of which I received on almost the same day as the Yuban came in the door.Myself, I prefer a little more jazz in my java and so the next morning I mixed in a scoop of dark roast from another vendor with my Yuban and that worked a lot better for me. But for people who like a smooth and unassertive note in their morning coffee, Yuban strikes me as a satisfying way to go. (Plus, they say it's good for the planet or something, if you're into that sort of thing.)
This coffee was OK.  It was ordinary, nothing special.  I thought I would give it a try.  I haven't seen Yuban around for many years.  If you find this at a great price, buy it.  I do not recommend going out of your way to get this coffee, however.
This Yuban Breakfast Blend is just normal coffee.  They may have just filled the bag with Maxwell House.  I couldn't tell the difference.  There's nothing special here and I wouldn't pay a higher price for this.
As with some of the other reviewers, I am a coffee snob. I prefer buying whole beans and grinding them myself right before brewing. Still there are a few mornings when I am running late and need to quickly make a cup of coffee. I have had Yuban coffee before and enjoyed their Columbian Blend. Typically I prefer a medium to medium dark roast coffee, but find this Breakfast Blend better than most light roast coffee. The fact that park of the beans come from certified rainforest friendly farms, can make this a better choice than the average preground bagged coffee. I do wonder though why they don't offer it  in whole bean coffee, at least not on Amazon, it might make it a slightly tastier coffee.
I'm pretty much a coffee snob -- I like to grind my own beans, since I think it makes a much better cup of coffee. Yet I confess I'm kind of won over by Yuban Breakfast Blend. Even though marked as "Mild," it makes a full-bodied flavorful cup of coffee despite being already ground. It also uses a minimum of 30% of Rainforest Alliance Certified beans, which can make you feel good about the coffee tasting good! On mornings when you're too lazy to grind the beans, this will make a convenient substitute -- not up to my freshly ground beans, but much better than I expected. And if you're a Maxwell House or other supermarket coffee junkie, switch immediately -- this is far, far better.
The new Yuban Breakfast blend is pretty much what I expected. I've had Yuban coffee before, and my previous experiences were nothing to write home about.  So, the same goes for this bag.  I was hoping it was something new and special... but no, it's just something new.  Here's the "sweet and low" on this product:Sweet:- Smooth flavor... especially if you like your coffee with milk.- Rain Forest Alliance coffee- No bitter after-taste... no bitterness at all actually.Low:- Too mild (weak)) for my tastes. I used twice the recommended amount to brew one cup and it was still pretty weak.- No complex or subtle aromas here... just a regular cup of Joe.- I really don't care much for the coffee bags that use "scotch tape" to close it after you open the bag. It's usually a sign for what to expect of the quality of coffee inside. Know what I mean?Conclusion:  This bag of coffee seems to be made for people who drink coffee very rarely and casually... and NOT for the "Coffee Lovers".  It's very mild (weak) flavor would only appeal to those who can't handle a strong cup of coffee. Sorry, but I'm just telling it like it is. But on a lighter note, because it is so "mild" (to be fair, it does say 'mild' on the package) it does seem to go down smoothly and would get along well with those who love their coffee with milk and sugar.  And there's absolutely nothing wrong with liking your coffee that way. (just so you don't think I'm a complete coffee snob :)  You just have to brew it a little stronger to even taste it though.  All in all, it's not a bad bag of coffee... it just wasn't 'my bag'. I prefer medium and dark blends. If you enjoy the mild blends, this may work very well for you.(Pssst... I'd still rather spend a bit more for "Seattle's Best" or "Peets" :)
"The Coffee You Make Can Make a Difference," declares the front of the bag. And while it's nice to know that my use of Yuban Breakfast Blend helps conserve the environment and support coffee farmers (as the bag also declares), I was hoping to make a bit more of a difference in my blood-caffeine level.The "mild" indicator on the bag was a slight overstatement: This coffee is REALLY mild, noticeably less potent than the similar Maxwell House and Folgers products with which I'm more familiar. The taste is quite smooth and fresh but rather bland. It just doesn't have that "kick" that I've grown to expect (read: need) from my morning cup. Storing the bag in the refrigerator might have helped the coffee keep its fresh flavor.It's great to know that I'm supporting a good cause by using this Rainforest Alliance-certified coffee, but there's got to be a product out there that boosts both the environment and my energy. Since Yuban has a half-dozen products in its line, I'd like to try some others before making a final decision on this brand.
I tried the Yuban Breakfast Blend and thought it was just an "average cup of coffee".  Right up front, I'll admit that I much prefer stronger, darker coffees.  With the lighter taste and roast, I would probably drink this later in the day rather than at breakfast.  It has a pleasant taste and an enjoyable smell.The main thing I liked was the packaging.  It was sealed strong enough that I wasn't worried about tampering with this bag of coffee, but it  pulled apart easily enough that ground coffee did not explode all over my floor as I gave it one last tug. It also has a shape that makes it very easy to store in the pantry.I continue to drink the stronger blends in the morning, but have started cutting them some with the mild Breakfast Blend.  I usually do this on the "calmer" mornings!
I'll admit it I'm a bit fussy when it comes to my coffee. Yuban is a good coffee even if it's not my first choice for breakfast. Let me explain: I drink way too much coffee - I tend to drink really smooth coffee in the morning (since I drink about a whole pot) and go for a cup or two of coffee with a bit more kick to it after dinner. Yuban, actually has a bit of a kick to it, so for me it's better as my after dinner coffee, but for most people I'm willing to bet they'd love this as a breakfast coffee. It's got a rich full flavor that feels like an expensive coffee. I don't know how much this will sell for, but I think it's quite nice.
The coffee from this package came out smooth and mild, which is often exactly what I'm looking for when I run out of the local blend I buy from our neighborhood shop. Still, I too have a problem with this Light Green marketing strategy. Perhaps it's only 30 percent certified because that keeps the cost down? I'm all for responsibility in business, but this just doesn't seem that sincere. Better than nothing, I guess.
This coffee is alright for those who like a mild, smooth coffee. Not much distinctive, not very strong, however it is smooth.For those who prefer stronger coffee, this will not satisfy you. The packaging is nice and typical of late. Very fresh, nice aroma. For a Breakfast Blend I expected something stronger.The smoothness was great! Next to no acid here, which can be a plus also.
Yuban Breakfast Blend Ground Coffee is, for lack of a better word, sufficient.  If you've been brave enough to drink the coffee in your motel room, you pretty much know how this stuff tastes.  While trying it, I made it two ways:  1) By following the directions on the package and 2) the way I normally make coffee.  By following the package instructions, I found that the coffee, while moderately smooth, had an average taste with just a tad bit of bitterness to it.  It did get better as it cooled down, as if the falling temperature hindered the bite.  When I made it the way I enjoy my coffee (which called for about a half tablespoon more than suggested) the flavor and bitterness was the same.I always question companies that promote their eco-friendliness.  In this case, I feel that it might be more of a gimmick to get you to buy this mid-level coffee for it's earth-helping value instead of its taste.  I do like the fact that the coffee package offers up a nice smell-before-you buy vent, but the grounds in the vent smelled much better than the grounds in the actual package.Overall, if you like Folger's, Maxwell House, or any other standard, run-of-the-mill coffee, Yuban Breakfast Blend will suffice.  If you prefer your coffee with more kick and a lot more flavor, check out Community Coffee, a Louisiana favorite.  If you don't mind a little bite to your robust coffee, Mello Joy (almost impossible to get outside of Louisiana), might be up your alley.  Chain store coffee, such as Starbucks and Coffee Beanery, are also above Yuban when it comes to flavor.
I was actually surprised that this coffee was as good as it was.I am a bit of a coffee snob and drink Kona, Jamacian Blue Mountain, Ethiopian Coffee and the like.  So I know a good cup of joe.  While not the best, this Yuban was actually pretty decent.  It is a very mild coffee with low acidity, and if that suites your tastes, then you would probably like this.I prefer something with a little more "punch" and flavor, but would not mind drinking this if it were my only option.  Besides, you can feel good about the fact that it is a Fair Trade coffee that benefits local and disadvantaged growers.  For a little less than $5 a bag, it is not a bad deal.A solid 3 stars -- edging towards 3.5.
Not being a Starbucks fan, I have one cup of coffee a day from the local guy in his cart.  The taste is not that important to me, so I was not impressed or displeased with Yuban's brand of coffee.  It just tasted like any other coffee I have had.  I did find it interesting that, as the world's largest supporter of Rainforest Alliance Certified(tm) coffee beans, Yuban helps to protect the environment and support the people and wildlife in coffee-growing regions.  So if taste is not the driving force in your coffee purchase, perhaps a little `green' thinking would help.
My previous experience with Yuban was in Florida some years ago.  At that time it was essentially a strong, Cafe Bustello, sort of blend:  High on caffeine, dark roast with fairly high acidity.  Apparently since they were purchased by Kraft, they have broadened their spectrum to include a Breakfast Blend that I find fairly comparable to Star Bucks and Maxwell House (Kraft's other brand).The Breakfast Blend, as you would expect, is a light roast, smooth and non-acidic.  I liked it better than my husband.  But he's more or a coffee snob than me; I will drink anything in the morning.Conclusion:  If you like the average "American" mild breakfast coffee you might consider trying Yuban on account of it's efforts to use environmentally "green" sources.
Yuban Breakfast Blend Ground Coffee comes in 12 ounce bags, with a traditional grind.  "Breakfast blend" is a mild roast, with a nutty taste (although I keep being reminded of bran).  I tried it both in a drip Mr. Coffee machine and as an expresso for a latte.  First, when I say mild, I mean it.  Don't use it as your coffee base in any expresso drink.  You'll taste everything but the coffee.  Second, as drip coffee, this product has that "institutional flavor."  This is what I expect at the Chevron Truck Stop, or Ellis Elementary School.I've drank plenty of coffee like this over the years.  Don't get me wrong; I'd never define myself as any kind of coffee snob.  This Yuban blend is the perfect coffee for June Cleaver, or Barney Fife.  It's not an acquired taste - it is the ORIGINAL taste for American coffee.  It's also why folk from Italy and Australia shake their heads at what we pass off as coffee.This is as average as they come.  Note that even McDonald's is now selling premium coffees.
I'm not a huge coffee snob, but this stuff left me pretty unimpressed. As a caffeine delivery system, it succeeds, but frankly, I'd rather buy beans and grind them myself than use pre-ground ones.  The coffee itself was mild, if a little acidic in its aftertaste.  Nothing I'd go out of my way to drink, but I wouldn't refuse to drink it if someone held a gun to my head.
Really, the only thing this coffee has going for it over other coffees is its origin, benefitting local and disadvantaged growers.  That's a good thing, but it doesn't make the coffee taste any different than any other coffee.  It's a "breakfast blend," but it's not entirely clear why this coffee should be made for breakfast as opposed to after dinner?  More caffeine?  Yeah, it seems that way, just a bit.It's not bad coffee, make no mistake.  It's no better, no worse than any other brand of coffee you'll pull off the shelf.  It does its job, and tastes just fine.  But if you're into helping out the supply end of the commodity, then this is the one for you.
I love coffee that is smooth and mild/mellow flavored. I chose to sample this Vine product because it said "breakfast blend", and I expected it to have a mild flavor.  While the coffee is good, if I make it according to the package directions, it is much too strong and has an almost bitter edge to the taste.  I had to mix it with one part coffee, one part coffee creamer before I could drink it.  It's not a bad product, but I think the name belies the powerful taste of this particular coffee product.
If you're looking for a mild cup of breakfast coffee this may do it.  It's not interesting enough to wake you up, but it does have caffeine which may sneak up and do the job.It's not the coffee for me:  way too bland.  It's not a bad flavor, just not robust or particularly flavorful.
Taste in coffee, as in most things, is highly personal.  I liked the Yuban, though I found it unexceptional.  It's smooth and pleasant, not particularly assertive.  I didn't mind drinking it, though I don't think I'd ever order it again.To put all this into some perspective, let me say that Latin American coffees are at the bottom of my list.  I tend to favor more full-bodied Indonesian coffees.  I also like darker roasts.  The Yuban breakfast blend is one of the lightest roasts I've used in years.I also really appreciate that some of the beans are sourced from Rainforest Alliance growers, and as such support sustainability and  fair trade.  All things considered, you could do far worse than making Yuban Breakfast Blend a regular part of your day.
If you just look at the nutrition facts these are a pretty good snack.  You only get 100 calories, 9 grams carbs, 2 grams fiber, and 3 grams protein, and 0 sodium per pack.  So based on that you might say these are good for you.  But that is only half of the story, if you start looking through the ingredients you will see why.  First problem, refined sugar, confectioner's glaze, and corn syrup.  Something like Organic Brown Rice Syrup or Organic Evaporated Cane Juice would have still given sweetness without the blood sugar and PH problems that refined sugars cause.  The other big problem with the ingredient list is the soybean oil that is used to roast the soybeans.  Soybeans are very good for you, but soybean oil not so much.  As far as Polyunsaturated Omega-6 fats go it is on the bottom of the list.  Using borage, sunflower, or some other better oil would have supplied healthier fats which help the cell to do it's job instead of hardening it and making you less healthy.So I guess it depends on where you are with your healthy life style.  If you are moving from chips and candy bars, then this will certainly help you get healthier, but if you are already trying to avoid refined sugars and get plenty of healthy fats in your diet, then these are not a step forward on that journey.OK, all that being said, I did still give them a try.  I usually eat about 5-7 times a day and get about 2,000 calories.  Eating more frequently keeps you full and keeps your metabolism up to help burn fat and keep you energized.  Also, making sure to have protein and fats along with each meal/snack you keep your blood sugar stabilized and don't feel hungry or tired.  So, they did taste pretty good, similar to a chocolate covered peanut.  And by just eating 1 pack I was able to go about 2-3 hours without feeling hungry again, so the fat and protein did it's job.If you are really serious about improving your overall health, my recommendation is to learn as much as you can.  This book will give you a great start:On Target Living Nutrition: The power of feeling your bestI read the older version about a year ago and then just got done reading this newer one and have applied much of what I learned and so far I have gone from 240 lbs. to 190 lbs. and my energy levels, happiness, blood pressure, blood profile and just about everything else have benefited greatly.So I personally won't be getting these again because I know that there are better choices available, but as compared to other prepackaged snacks they are definitely on the upper half all things considered.  Hope this helps you make an informed decision, good luck.
Trying to live healthier?  Then you'd think you couldn't get much better than dark chocolate and soy!  These little dark chocolate covered soynuts are crunchy and tasty with a deep chocolate taste.  The ingredients are simple too: chocolate, soynuts, confectioner's glaze, gum arabic, & corn syrup.  So what's not to like?  One, you have to remember that even with the lower carb content and the good ingredients, the first ingredient is still sugar.  Two, the price is more than you'd pay for just an ordinary dark chocolate bar.  I enjoyed this tasty snack, but I don't know whether I'd buy them.
The South Beach Living snack pack (Dark Chocolate Covered soynuts) are an okay and average product.  The packs themselves are very small (i do mean small) and the product itself is not that bad.  Would I buy these myself?  No, to be honest with you I wouldn't.  You have so many alternatives to choose from besides these South Beach Living products.  The chocolate is yummy and the soynuts are soynuts (you've tasted on you've tasted them all).It's great for what it is, if you're into the whole South Beach diet.  But if you're not, then I highly doubt you would be interested.  If you're thinking about trying to eat soybean products this would be a good introduction to them however.  That's why I gave it three stars instead of two.  Soy is good for you and If you've always been hesitant about eating it, then this is a nice way to start.
Well, this is interesting. I had one problem with one bag of this product, and now I can't change the number of stars on the review.*****I've had really good luck with South Beach products in the past. The chocolate on the soy nuts is really nice with no grittiness and has a smooth finish. I had one bag where the soy nuts were somewhat over roasted (vaguely burnt taste) but every other bag has been delightful.I will buy these again when they hit the store.One point of concern was the nutritional quality and quantity of the snack. There are 6 grams of fat per serving, and 3 grams of saturated fat (15% of the USDA). And these are little tiny bags with 19 grams of the product. A pretty small portion for something so heavy in saturated fats, although this is the nature of chocolate to some degree.The first ingredient listed is sugar (though to be fair that only makes up 6 of the 19 grams of the total weight). Oh well, at least they didn't put in any of that fake sweetner.All in all, really great, especially if you really NEED a dark chocolate fix.
What I ask you is: what is the good of them being low calorie, ifyou have trouble stopping eating them?Dark chocolate has that effect on me.They taste pretty good : reminds me of the old crunch barsonly in dark chocolate instead of milk chocolate.I'm afraid anything chocolate disappears here.Carob might be an alternative?If they were more "substantive/filling" in effect at least,I would give them a better rating.
I should admit upfront that I am a big fan of South Beach snacks and an even bigger fan of chocolate.  So I was really excited to try this product...I wasn't disappointed.These are tasty little nuggets that can certainly quell a craving for a sweet dark chocolate snack.  The serving size, designed to deliver a popular 100 calories, is small and not likely to satisfy hunger.  Compared to some other South Beach 100 calorie snack choices, I'd probably choose the Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies to satisfy my sweet, chocolate craving.  But if you looking for a chocolate/nut alternative, this is one worth giving a try.
This is the first time I've ever had soynuts and they are fairly mild tasting, but the texture reminds me of a combination of a peanut and a coffee bean. The chocolate is not a strong dark chocolate, and for a hundred calories a great afternoon snack.
These are healthy and they do taste good. I am not a big fan of dark chocolate but I found these tasty and crunchy. They are Portion controlled so you don't over eat and at 100 calories this makes a nice snack but it isn't very filling. They would be better if all the ingredients were natural and organic.I too had not received this from amazon and had to buy a pack elsewhere just so I could do the review.
Those of us with a sweet-tooth will love this little pack of chocolate covered soy nuts.1) The serving size is just the right amount to feel like you've had a chocolate snack2) The crunch from the soy nuts adds a nice texture to balance out the chocolate3) If I was a South Beach diet fan, then the packaging would catch my attention and I'd have this item in my shopping cart right awayThe problem though is:1) It does nothing to fill you up.The Kid's Cliff bars are 130 calories, contain more vitamins and minerals and make you feel more satisfied. Odwalla has snack bars that are also low in calorie, high in nutrients and more satisfying. If I needed a chocolate fix that bad, its cheaper just getting a chocolate bar and eating only two squares or whatever the equivalent is to around 100-130 calories.2) Cost I can't imagine will be that great. The bulk of the cost here will be in the packaging of pre-made servings sizes. Again, there are other snack options that are comparable and won't cost as much.OVERALL:It's a nice change of pace.But there are other options out there that do more to satisfy one's appetite and pocketbook.
My long awaited sample ofSouth Beach Living Snack Pack Delights Dark Chocolate Covered Soynuts, 7-Pack Boxes (Pack of 4)having arrived, I finally got the chance to try them.  My verdict?  OK, I guess, but I wouldn't buy them for myself.  Fans of dark chocolate or soy nuts should feel free to rate them higher accordingly.As is the case with similar 100 calories diet snack products, the secret is portion control.  A 0.67 ounce pack contains roughly two dozen dark chocolate covered oil roasted soy nuts i.e. less than a good handful.  If you can limit yourself, you can get by with snacks in bulk; if not, you need to pay extra to have your servings individually wrapped.Other products available from South Beach Living are South Beach Living Vanilla Almond Crunch Cereal, 13-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 4),South Beach Living Snack Pack Delights Energy Mix, 5-Pack Boxes (Pack of 4),South Beach Living Peanut Butter Wafers, 5-Count Boxes (Pack of 6), andSouth Beach Living Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Wafers, 5-Count Boxes (Pack of 6).
I'm not real familiar with the South Beach diet, except to know that it is a low carbohydrate, high protein plan.  The foods they market fit into the diet plan, but are often also purchased by people looking for healthy or "diet" snacks.  Several people in my office are munching down South Beach snacks regularly, and many of them are not half bad!  But its important to recognize the premise behind the diet before you consider these as part of your daily routine.The soynut snacks contain: semisweet chocolate, oil roasted soynuts, confectioner's glaze, gum arabic (stabilizer), & corn syrup. The 100 calorie packs get you 19 grams of crispy, chocolately snack.They are pretty tasty, with dark (vs. milk) chocolate.  The soynuts are roasted, and crisp.  19 grams is not a huge snack, but would be enough to satisfy you if you just need something little and tasty.That said, these should not be considered diet food.  If you are following the South Beach plan, they would probably fit right in.  But for anyone watching fat content, these contain a whopping 6 grams, 3 of them saturated or about 60% of the total calorie count.For comparison's sake, a 100 calorie pack of either peanut or almond M&M;'s gets you about the same amount (20 grams vs. 19 of the soynuts), with 47% (peanut) or 54% (almond) of the calories from fat.  The soynuts beat them out in protein with 3 grams per serving vs. 1.9.  100 calories of plain M&M;'s yield 40% of calories from fat but only 0.9 grams protein.Just for comparison's sake, how about a 3 musketeer bar?  The 0.8oz bar has 96 calories, 27 of them from fat with a low 0.7 grams protein.So, think about what you are looking for in a snack.  The South Beach Living soynut snacks are pretty good (but not as good as M&M;'s), and do provide some protein.  They are packaged in convenient 100 calorie packs.  They likely fit right into the South Beach plan.But if you are looking for something to satisfy that mid-afternoon chocolate craving, there's a lot of options out there for 100 calories, and many of them taste better.
While these covered soynuts have a decent chocolate flavor, They are just way too sweet for my dark chocolate. The soynuts add a great crunch that is similar toM&M;'S Peanuts. It has the rich dark chocolate taste but Most Dark Chocolates I am used to are semi-sweet and this has all the sweetness of Milk and White chocolate. The 100 Calorie packs are great for dieters and calorie watches like me but for a Chocolate Addict like me, It doesn't really satisfy my chocolate cravings like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups do. If it wasn't so sweet, I'd probably like them better.
These chocolate covered roasted soy nuts are tasty, but they're sweetened with sugar and corn syrup, so the fat and sugar content of these is pretty high, which is why the serving size is just one little packet.  Connecting this with the South Beach diet is a Kraft-y marketing tool, but if you are on a diet plan to improve your health and lose weight then this item would be something to use sparingly.  You can probably find healthier soy nut snacks in a health food shop and look for organic, Non-GMO soy content as well.
Some day, some one will find a way to make a completely guilt-free tasty snack treat that you can nosh on to your heart's content.  Sadly, that day has yet to arrive so for now we'll just have to content ourselves with 100 calorie packs like these Dark Chocolate Covered Soynuts.The dark chocolate flavor is good, not as rich as it might be, but good.  And the soy gives you just enough crunch to make it all worthwhile.Calorie counters (like me) appreciate the marketing trend to package snacks in relatively small impact sizes like this.  Just don't think that you can rip open 3 or 4 of them and still stay on track to lose the weight.
I was supposed to be sent a sample of this product to review as part of the Amazon Vine program but they never sent it to me. My account info says it was due to be shipped on March 7 and delivered by March 14 but I am still waiting so I never had a chance to try this and write a review. (I got them - see below)There seems to be no way to contact someone regarding a Vine product like there is for stuff you pay for. I guess because it is free so beggars can't be choosy.Finally this product arrived on my doorstep.  Was it worth the wait?  Well, I was pleasantly surprised.  Soynuts don't sound appealing to me but these look and taste like chocolate covered peanuts.  If you really focus on the flavor then you can tell it isn't a peanut but with the dark chocolate covering, it doesn't matter. It tastes pretty good.Each individual snack pack has 100 calories, which to me seems sort of high considering its size. It is also 60% fat, including saturated fat but I guess you can't avoid it considering the ingredients. If you're really hungry I doubt that one pack is going to satisfy you, but it does taste good. Note: I would like to change my rating to 4 stars but Amazon won't let me.
This was not a bad tasting product by any stretch.  It satisfied my taste for crunch and chocolate, and reminded me of dark or bittersweet chocolate.  The serving size package is very small and the snack does nothing to quell hunger - so it could have been very easy to eat more than one package.  For a filling snack, try something else. But to manage a sweet tooth attack, these South Beach snacks are pretty good.
Yes, these taste good, but so does a chocolate chip cookie.  I have never been a fan of the brand's snacks.  I have tried some of the cookie snacks and have found them to be terrible.  I will say though these were okay.  If you like dark chocolate you sould enjoy these soynuts.My main problem is that one package is not enough.  I did not feel satisfied.  For me, it was the equivalent of eating half an apple (as far as feeling full).  I would rather eat a whole apple than two of these snacks. Or even a banana.For those who want to curb their cravings and need chocolate, this might do it.
Let me start this off by stating I've lost 20lbs in 3 months with no other changes to diet or exercise except lowering my SUGAR INTAKE (which is mainly, NO SODA DRINKS).  A coworker lost 60lbs by watching her sugar intake and I've seen her before and after.  (One can of Dr. Pepper (which I cut out completely) has 46 g of sugar...keep that in mind)As a quick drink, possible meal replacement (quick breakfast), etc, sure this drink meets the mark.  A daily multi-vitamin with water also meets the same mark as far as FDA 'nutrition' goes.What's of most concern is the 22g of sugar.  Did you know that on a nutrition label, the ingredients must be listed in order of highest percentage?  #1 ingredient is....water.  #2 ingredient is the 15g of whey protein (more on that) but #3 is 'organic' cane sugar.Next, look at how many grams of carbs?  Yeup 22g...and it is all....simple sugar.It doesn't matter if it is 'organic' cane sugar or high fructose corn syrup - it's still glucose and fructose to a diabetic and glucose and fructose to your body.The taste is fine in my book and I down the 11 ounces in a few gulps and it sure beats bacon and scrambled eggs or a pop tart (that you feed your kids!!) or *missing* your breakfast (the most important meal of the day, per your mother) altogether.  I reckon the taste to watered down yogurt, a few consistencies thicker than whole milk.  The Berry flavor is a bit tart, but uhh...it's berry.Nutritionally, I think you're better off with a glass of skim milk and a few tablespoons of whey protein powder and a daily multi-vitamin and a single orange or grapefruit for fiber.  Actually I don't know how many tablespoons of powder are in a large container of whey protein powder from the General Nutrition Center Store, but I bet it equates to pennies a drink, versus one of the 'mix 1' drinks.  Add in a 360 day supply of a daily multi-vitamin that you probably already take and some oranges and I bet you're still under .50 cents a drink, naturally.  (Total guessing, but you see my point...)  Lactose intolerant? Get 100% Lactose free milk or just use water.If you don't want to save money and you're going to get the triple shot grande cafe mocha latte with cream from Starbucks anyways, well, this drink is better than not having breakfast or skipping a meal...  I won't be purchasing this due to the sugar content alone.Oh and besides focusing on increasing fiber, lowering sugar, some of you that react to wheat glutens, this product claims to have none, so that is a plus!
Like most people, I work. Like most people who work, I get hungry working. Generally, I'm okay to eat a cup of yogurt or granola bar to keep my cravings quashed and energy level up. I drink protein shakes regularly every morning, but they aren't practical for the work place, which is why this drink appealed to me. I thought it would be convenient, as well as good for me, and make me feel less hungry at the same time. I tried it and I have to say, it wasn't that bad. I suppose it is a convenient package of vitamins and nutrients, but looking at the label, I think it is a little high in carbs (though mercifully, low in fat). I don't like soy based drinks at all, and I am okay with a little caffeine now and then, but this drink has neither. I have to say though, about halfway through the 11 ounce bottle, I'd pretty much had enough. It is just not that good and was almost hard to swallow. I might be willing to try some of the other flavors available, if the price point was right, but I would say I'm probably more likely to stick with my morning shake and mid-morning snack, and take a pass on this. For a busy on the go person who doesn't get a chance to consume nutritious foods during the day, this might be an acceptable supplement, if you can stand it.
INGREDIENTS:purified water, whey protein isolate, organic cane sugar, organic evaporated cane juice, juice concentrate, extra light olive oil, citric acid, pectin, natural flavor, black carrot juice concentrate (color), lactic acid, grape juice concentrate (color)PRODUCT FEATURES* 15 grams of premium whey protein isolate* 23 vitamins and minerals* 3 servings of fruits/veggies* antioxidants = 4 cups of green tea* free of lactose, gluten, soy and caffeineServing size: 11 ozCalories: 200Sugars: 22gCost: $2.08 each bottleCOMPARE this to a Jamba Juice at. . .$4 average costServing size: 16ozCalories: 200-270Optional Vitamin boost (22 vitamins & minerals) and/or Protein boost (+30 calories)So you pay over twice the price for a comparable drink, but get LESS than twice the drink.Jamba Juice tastes better as this juice had a bit of a chalky aftertaste. The aftertaste I "chalk up" to the whey protein adding some substance to this water, juice and vitamin mixture.Yes, first ingredient is water. Hmmm?I was disappointed in their choice of whey protein as it is still a milk derivative. Without empirical evidence, it seems more people have a dairy allergy than a soy allergy, so I'm not sure why they went this route.Coincidently, Jamba Juice released bottled juices too.12.5 oz, 2220 calories, 47g sugars, 2g protein.The instructions on the bottle are chill, shake and drink, then refrigerate afterwards. The 11oz bottle is convenient to carry around, but not too large you can't finish it in one sitting.If you are looking for a handy juice and you hate taking vitamins, Mix1 may be the perfect choice for you. You get more bang for your buck than Jamba.Then again, between taking vitamins and doing something like a V8 Splash, you can get 64oz of juice for less than $4. Soy or Whey protein powder as an additive is fairly inexpensive per serving these days. So you could make your own Mix1-like drink at home for less $$ than is offered here.There are creative solutions to save money and still get the benefits of the drink. It all comes down to, "Do you really need to spend $2 a bottle for some juice and vitamins?"  Do the math ahead of time and you may find for your lifestyle that this may or may not be a good option.
I probably could have just stopped at "convenient" because that is MIX1's biggest advantage over other protein drinks: its a nice little size and does not require refrigeration: perfect for your gym bag or briefcase and not a disaster if you forget to take it out.Because this is marketed as a meal replacement, Mix1 tries to be all things to all people. Therefore it includes 15 grams protein, 23 vitamins & minerals, the equivalent of 3 servings fruit/veg, antioxidants, and apparently nothing bad (no soy, gluten, lactose, caffeine). All up, the everything we should get out of lunch, except the chewing.The difficulty is determing where this fits into my life. Based on the contents, it seems the best fit is right after my morning run, or right after my evening bike ride. Perhaps in the middle of the bike ride if I need a boost. There is enough sugar to provide some energy, enough protein to be a protein supplement.We have these giant cans of protein powder that mix quickly into a shake and for my college-aged son, those are more econonical. But the mix1 drink might be nice on the days he oversleeps and needs breakfast on the way to class. However, at over $2.00 its a bit luxurious for a college student. My daughter the swimmer needs energy before her workouts, but these are a bit too sweet. Again, if she's running late it might be nice to have one to down on the way to the pool.Taste: fairly fruity, definitely berry, tempered by the whey powder. Up against other protein drinks, its as good or better. This review is for Berry, and the drinks also come in Mangomix 1 Mango, 11-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12), blueberry-vanilla mix 1 Blueberry-Vanilla, 11-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12), limemix 1 Lime, 11-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12)and tangerine . I also see they have another line out that promote high fiber. mix 1 hi-antioxidant fiber drink, Orange Carrot,, 11-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12),mix 1 hi-antioxidant fiber drink, Dark Berry, 11-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12).Aftertaste: sorry, its there. Not too bad though, and nothing a drink of water doesn't fix.Satisfaction: like most nutritional drinks, it goes down quickly and is fairly satisfying. It doesn't last as long as my vegemite and cheese sandwhich, but then again it is better for me. I suspect most people that think they are going to have this for lunch will find themselves looking for a snack within an hour or so.Overall, in attempting to be a meal replacement, Mix1 tries to be all things to all people and sort of misses the mark. It's too high in calories to keep around as a snack, and not economical enough to use as a protein drink. For my family, we might keep some on hand for those times when we have to grab and go.
In this world of ultra low carb beers and snacks and other health conscious "snack" foods, I was kind of surprised that this drink had 29g of carbohydrates, of which 22g were sugars!!  Of course, if you run for an hour a day, that might not matter, but otherwise it's a pretty major concern.The taste was average to good. Protein, Fiber and Anti-oxidants were impressive. The price... caught my breath. It was comparable to the more expensive energy drinks. There are probably more economical ways to get these benefits.. without the sugar boost!Bottom line - in my mind this is only a diet fit for serious distant athletes.  I would suggest that the rest of us only use this as an occasional snack.All the best,Jay
I guess this is sort of a high-tech pre-mixed Instant Breakfast type product that tastes rather like a strawberry yogurt smoothie.This stuff tastes okay, but I can't see relying on it as a snack or meal-substitute when you're in a hurry.  IMO it isn't very filling.I also can't say that it gave me an energy boost of any kind; I just drank a bottle, and I'm still eager for my afternoon nap!The ingredients sound good for you, but if it's an energy boost you're after, you would probably do better with a Snickers bar for half the price or an energy bar at the same price.I think I'd rather gobble down a couple of handfuls of granola with fruit myself.  At least then I would have some idea what I'm eating, instead of the lengthy list of chemicals listed on the Mix 1 bottle...
Reading the label on this, you'll see almost instantly that this isn't the sort of thing that you keep in your refrigerator to offer friends when they come over -- unless your friends are die-hard exercise fanatics. However, it is pretty convenient to have with you if you're going on a day-long hike or similar activity, and don't want to stop for a meal.The flavor is... well... about what I'd expect from a product that isn't meant to be consumed like a soft drink. It tastes like artificial berries, with a bit of a tart bite. As others have said, there's certainly some bulk to the liquid. I don't know that I'd go as far as calling it "chalky", but it absolutely has a unique texture to it.Personally, I'd choose this over any nutrition bar I've tried. But I think the only time I'd ever actually want to drink this would be as a meal replacement.
I am very pleased that I only received one bottle of this product. I found that this would take a while to acquire a taste for this product. It was like drinking a chalky medicine with an after taste last quite a while and seems to coat you tongue. But I would like to add that this was the first MIX "protein" drink I tried and I did drink it cold. I would be happy to never have one again. Plus I find it expensive at over $2.00 a bottle.The drink would work as a snack after a work out or meal replacement. The reason I did not rate it lower is that this gritty flavored beverage is healthy for you. And it is an alternative method to take you vitamins in the form of a beverage that takes the edge off your hunger as well. I do not see myself purchasing this again. But if the priced dropped by 50% I might learn to tolerate the chalkiness and acquire the taste for it. But I think I will just stay with having a bowl of fortified cereal for now.
The Mix 1 Berry protein and antioxidant drink is loaded with good stuff. It is 200 calories and has 15 grams of protein and 3 grams of fiber. It also has Vitamin A, D, B6 and B12. There is also calcium in this drink. The drink is very good for you but the taste is not something I can really tolerate. Maybe one of the other flavors will be better tasting.
If you are into stuff that's good for you, and you like it to come in convenient little packages that are handy to lug around and chug on demand or stow in the fridge and chug when you can, then mix 1 is a nice option.It's like a meal replacement bar, but better because in addition to a balance of protein and carbs it's got green tea extract, juicy veggie goodness, and lots of antioxidants and vitamins.  It's like throwing protein powder, green tea, and carrots and fruits in a mixer and blending -- only you don't have to do the blending.Only problem is: it's not all that tasty.  It's not a drink I'd look forward to except for the fact that I'd know it'd keep me going and in the zone with energy and nutrition for a couple of hours.  Unlike some protein blends, it's got a bit of a chalky taste and the fruity goodness that's added doesn't do much to mask that.It's really not that bad tasting, just not that good either.  It's okay -- and for what it's got in there if I had some around I'd happily down them.  But, I'd prefer, if I had the time, to blend up my own drink with plain non-fat yoghurt, vanilla protein powder, strawberries and blueberries, and maybe even a few carrots.  I could have my green tea later, warm and toasty in a handthrown clay mug.
***I certainly enjoyed this "protein and antioxidant drink". It tasted like a combination of berries and bananas (even though there are no bananas in it!) and I very much enjoyed the taste. I like the combination of 29g carbohydrates and 15g protein, but wish it didn't contain cane sugar and cane juice. I am trying to lose weight, so all that sugar won't be helpful to me---it will make my blood sugar bounce all over the place!This drink only contains 200 calories, so it's more of a quick snack than a meal. With all of the sugar, I was hungry an hour or so later, too. Adding a little more fat would help satiety, too---there are only 2.5g of fat from added extra light olive oil.If you tolerate sugary processed drinks, this is one of the healthier and tastier ones. As for me, I'd rather get my nutrition elsewhere.***
What can you say after trying a single Mix 1 drink?  Here are my top 10 "FAQ for those who need a REAL review of this product":1.  What does this Mix 1 (berry flavor) taste like?-  It is most similar to unflavored yogurt with a berry-ish (mix of berries) flavor.  It's definitely not overly sweet.  It has a thick, syrup-like consistency.2.  Is the container recyclable?-  Who knows?  The plastic bottle itself is stamped with not one but TWO recycling codes:  5 (Polypropylene) and 7 ("other").  The cap has no stamp.  So, if your recycling facility takes all numbered containers, throw this one in.3.  Does Mix 1 really contain 3 servings of fruits and vegetables?-  NO WAY!  I don't know how the manufacturers calculate this, but fruits and veggies have, at a minimum, lots of soluble and insoluble fiber.  This puppy has 3 grams of fiber.  There are more than 3 grams of fiber in any combination of 3 apples, pears, carrots, raspberries, broccoli, et cetera, I can think of.  The ingredients note (in about size 6 font) various fruit juice concentrates and black carrot juice concentrate... for color!  Don't let this product keep you from eating your fruits and veggies!4.  Will it hurt you?-  Probably not.  The 200 calories, with 20 (10%) of the calories from fat, is a nice portion size with low fat content.5.  Does it need to be refrigerated?-  The bottle claims that refrigeration is needed after opening, not before, but  it also recommends chilling (the product) before drinking.6.  Are there lots of vitamins and minerals included?-  Yes, and not in mega-doses, so they won't be stored temporarily in your bladder.7.  Is it a meal replacement?-  No.  However, it probably is a good snack for somebody who is seriously exercising.  And if you are not seriously exercising, ask yourself if you need an additional 200 calories today.8.  How does it compare to other sports drinks?-  The focus of Mix 1 is not simple carbs (sugar, juice concentrates, corn syrup) like many drinks.  But you'll also need additional water (Mix 1 is only 11 ounces).  Drink it down, then refill a couple of times from the tap and drink the additional 22 ounces of water.  Then recycle, or reuse.9.  Can you make your own Mix 1?-  Probably.  Some yogurt, a little sweetener, and water to dilute would be the base, I would think.  Pick your favorite flavor.10.  Is it worth a couple bucks?-  It is a LOT better than those drinks with 16 teaspoons of sugar (calculate it out for yourself).  Again, it's not a meal replacement, but I would certainly recommend this over, say, a candy bar if you've missed lunch.There you go!  Would I purchase one in the future?  Probably not.  If I saw one on the break table at a conference, with my choices being containers of orange juice and other "fruit" drinks, I'd probably pick one up in order to stay away from the containers of liquid candy.  Remember, you have to walk or run 2 miles to burn these calories.  But if I was running late and that stomach was talking to me, I'd consider it.  The down side about buying these by the case is that most people would then DRINK them by the case.  This is not needed in obesity-prone America.Mix 1, thanks again for keeping this product under 200 calories and not fooling consumers regarding the number of servings per container (1).Mix 1 is useful as an occasional supplement when you need something or when you are exercising seriously.  Now.. is it "Mix" or "mix"?
Mix 1 Berry has an interestingly tart flavor although that flavor is somewhat overwhelmed by the pronounced whey taste.  The berry flavor is distinctive but the whey leaves a small aftertaste.  It is not unpleasant to drink and is best served cold.  It is also not something one would drink because of the taste so the nutritional benefits should be high.  And they are.I used it after lunch as a mid afternoon snack to get me through the rest of a long Friday.  While the observation may be psychological only, Mix 1 does seem to give an energy boost.  I did not feel as tired as I had prior to drinking.  But this effect could better be determined after using the product for a few days.Mix 1 notes on the bottle that it offers a balance of complete nutrition coupled with convenience.  The bottles are certainly small enough to carry easily to work or the gym.  The claim is that it contains 23 vitamins and minerals and the equivalent of 3 servings of fruits and vegetables, a factor that will be valuable to people on the go.So while the review is mixed and the taste only fair, it is a quick nutritional alternative worth trying for those of us who don't always eat right or are just too busy to try.
I'm not sure how fair my rating is since I haven't had a chance to examine the long term effects a regular intake of this product could have on my health.  It probably could reduce my risk of cancer and heart disease.  Who knows.  Looking at the nutrition label, it appears to have a third of the RDA of quite a few vitamins and minerals.I'm not sure how much of an energy boost the drink gives.  My limited powers of observation did not detect such a boost.  Really, the only thing I can comment on is the taste.  It has the second-worst taste of any drink I've ever had.  The only thing that tops it is the contrasting agent I had to drink at the hospital before getting a CT scan.You can taste the berry flavor in this mix a little bit, but not much.  The little bit of decent flavor isn't even close to masking the taste of the rest of the stuff in the bottle.  Much like the banana flavor of the contrasting agent, the mix 1 flavor masking attempt is comparable to putting a dab of perfume on an individual in need of a bath.If a doctor told me to I drink this stuff regularly to counter an imminent health threat, I wouldn't have a problem  doing so.  Yeah it tastes bad, but so do vegetables, and I eat those every now and then because I know they're good for my health.  I still prefer apple juice as my healthy drink of choice, but I'm sure this mix stuff is healthier.
Ok.... so I have read all of the reviews and see that there is a general consensus regarding the flavor.  Here is our take on it...I shook the bottle vigorously, but found that I needed to actually crack it open to release some of the air so that I could shake it properly.  At first glance it was pale pink and smelled very very milky-berry like.  To me it seem like a very thin, runny smoothie.  I personally didn't want to taste it because I hate milk and it smells very much like a milky smoothie!  I know that there isn't any dairy, but if someone does not enjoy the smell or taste of milk then stay away from this.It turned my stomache because of the milkiness.  I started to drink and quickly realized that the aftertaste was very chalky and grass-like.  No, I haven't eaten grass... but that is what my mind thinks it would taste like.  After reading the ingredient list, it explained the grassiness.I wouldn't be able to tell you the effectiveness of this product because we were only supplied with one bottle.  That isn't sufficient enough for me to claim anything at this point.I can tell you this... I don't like the milky smell or milky, runny taste.  It has a rather impressive ingredient list filled with antioxidents and enough green tea benefits to last you a week LOL.  That is where my stars go.  The downside: the calories, the carbs and the price.If you are a health nut and are used to these sort of concoctions and prices; then give it a try and see for yourself.  You may just enjoy it.By the way, my MIL had a sip and she thought it tasted great.  My MIL works out atleast 4 times a week, and has her spinach/vegetable drinks almost daily.  That would explain why she didn't notice the grassy flavor that I did.
Just received a bottle of this. Let it chill in the fridge for a while, cracked open the top, and took a whiff. First reaction - Wow! It smells like spoiled milk. Or maybe that's the smell of a bottle of Flintstone's vitamins. I know - fruity spoiled milk. In any event, it is not pleasant.The smell definitely did not make tasting it any easier. But I took the plunge anyway. Wow, again! It definitely tastes better than it smells. As this review title notes, it is not for chugging. It's a slow sipper.Texture: As some other reviews indicate, its texture is like a yogurt drink. Creamy, yet slimy. And maybe a bit of chalky.Flavor? The berry flavor is not overwhelming, but it is a bit tart. And the aftertaste lingers for a good 15 minutes.The packaging is alluring. The nutritional stats are attractive. But the taste and smell need to improve - as does the price. I haven't tried the other flavors, but I can only hope they are more inviting.
Unfortunately just having one sample bottle isn't enough to say with much accuracy how much energy Mix1 gave me, but here goes. I could see drinking Mix1 for breakfast or lunch either from being busy or on a diet. I personally would be more likely to drink it after a workout since it contains 15 grams of protein.I found that the Mango taste barely covered up the vitamin, protein etc taste. It does have the thick consistency of a smoothie, but it isn't nearly as flavorful.I felt somewhat energized after drinking it, but would want to try it for a week or two to be sure. Mix1 would be worth trying for those looking for a healthy energy drink.
The good thing?  Well, if you are strapped for time, and who isn't, this might be a good thing to have readily available to give you a boost when you can't fit in a normal meal.  Breakfast comes to mind....The drink has 23 vitamins and minerals, boasts 3 servings of fruits/veggies, antioxidants equal to 4 cups of green tea and 15 gr. of whey protein isolate.  The bad thing?  For me, the taste was just a little weird, I don't know if it is the protein powder or something else, but it left me with a strange taste that I didn't like.  The mango is fine, not too sweet but not too plain, it does have 22 grams of sugar though, which may be a little higher in sugar than some would like.Would I buy it for myself?  Probably not, but was it horrible? no, and I am guessing that those who have tried and are used to protein powder drinks may find this to be absolutely fine.  It was a middle of the road thing for me, not good enough for me to want to purchase, but if I was hungry I would definitely grab one because of the nutrition and the basically "ok" taste....just nothing to get excited over.
To begin with, I only received one bottle of this stuff from the Vine, and the normal size order is 12.  Had the product been a gum, or other normal consumable, perhaps that would be enough.  Unfortunately, this is a health drink that touts "balanced energy", "anti-oxidants", and "all-natural" among its buzz words.  To make the best of it, I chilled the bottle, and drank it for breakfast this morning with a bowl of oatmeal.As a drink:  Now I have a few personal classifications of drinks, those that make you gag, those that taste bad, those that are barely tolerable, those that taste decent if sipped, and fully drinkable.  The last two are stuff I would buy, and this Mix 1 Mango flavor falls into the category of "taste decent if sipped".  The liquid was thin, which is good for a fruit drink, and it had a mild vitamin flavor which I would have suspected.  I rate the taste higher than most other supplement drinks that attempt a fruit flavor.  That is a plus.This next paragraph describes a potential minus, and this could have been helped if I'd received a bit more product.  After about 30 minutes of drinking this at work, I had a reflux attack that I had to take water to calm.  I've rarely if ever had this while just sitting at work, so I tied it to drinking this.  I can't absolutely confirm it upset my stomach, but on the one trial it would seem so.  I would have liked to continue trying this to see if I could detect any health benefit after about 10 days of drinking it, but with one bottle, I can't really speak for any health benefits.I do like what's listed on the label, cane sugar, purified water, other organic ingredients, and anti-oxidants.  I'm not gonna speak much for the vitamins and minerals, cause that's about what's on every cereal box, (and you get 100 percent of each if you eat Total), so the 35 percent average seems a bit minimal, maybe they'll assume you drink three a day. Plus, I think they are playing word games with the "all natural" as referring only to the ingredient list and not the separate supplement vitamins and minerals. Strangely they included the anti-oxidants on the vitamin and minerals list?  Perhaps the method of extracting them is not natural, and they needed to put it somewhere, I don't think polyphenols qualify as vitamins or minerals, but it keeps it off the all natural ingredients list.Would I buy more, maybe.... if the price was right, and I was taking nutritional supplements, or buying for someone who was.  There was nothing special or overly compelling about the product that would make me seek it out. That's about as much as I can say without trying a few more bottles.  Maybe give it one more star if you are lactose intolerant, are allergic to gluten, soy or need to cut down on caffeine.
tried this drink the same day i received it. found the taste to be not that good. very mild mango flavor with another flavor blended in with - was not really to my liking. also it has alot of sugar in it for the size - 22g in 11oz. is not something i would buy.
I am a nursing mother and I am always looking for something to keep with me as a quick fix for filling that little hole when I start feeling hungry and I thought this would be a great option.  I loved the huge amount of vitamins and minerals that is in this drink.However there are a few things that go against this drink.  First it smells a little like my prenatal vitamin pill with a mango twist.  If you manage to get past the first smell and sip it does improve.  There seems to be a slight chalky feeling to this drink that looks like is should be a yogurt/ smoothie type drink. The mango flavor doesn't manage to completely mask all the vitamin flavors etc.  There is something just not quite right about this drink.If I was looking for a good all round drink and this was the only option  then I would buy this drink.  I would be willing to try it in another maybe stronger flavor but I can say that this isn't a drink I will be rushing out to buy again but if it happens across my path I would drink it.