I previously had purchased this as part of a pack with 4 flavors. I enjoy this one and the Kona blend the most. Though the Kona blend is my favorite, this is a good runner-up. It's a solid blend, not too strong, not too weak. It doesn't really have any subtle nuances or anything, but it is a good starter coffee for your day.
We like the pods more than the wasteful kcup brewers. The Senseo medium roast makes a good cup of coffee. It's not harsh, weak or bitter. It's hard to find coffee pods these days but I like our Bunn brewer and will keep buying these Senseo pods.
There's just something inherently awesome about whole milk.  I mean really, what's better than a bite of cheesecake offset by the wonderful milky flow that is....milk.  Dunk some cookies in a glass of this stuff, and prepare to glide down the breezy current of pure, wholesome liquid refreshment.
Chex Mix Sour Cream & Onion flavor is a good snack when you are craving something salty. The flavor is definitely not very strong, but it's just OK. The fat content is a bit lower than regular chips, so if you are going to indulge in something "naughty," you might as well grab a bag of Chex Mix!
I have not had the previous version of these in the green package as cited by some reviewers, so I cannot comment regarding a change in formula. I happened upon these puppies by chance at the grocery store - had never seen them before. I'm a fan of the "Flamin' Hot" variety of Cheetos and other snacks, but I also love Chex, so I thought this would be the perfect combo.Note to self: this is not from the same company that brings you Flamin' Hot flavored snacks.This is hotter. SO hot, I'm coining a new name - hottier. It seared the top layer of my taste buds off and is cauterizing the lining of my pipes as I type this. This stuff is HHHHHHHOTTTTTTTT!I'm the type of person who usually buys 'medium' hot salsa, but can handle some hot varieties. Flamin' Hot flavored snacks pale in comparison in regards to Scoville units. I do not know what the Scoville units are for either variety - but I can tell you, the soft inner lining of my digestive tract was not prepared for the assault I unleashed upon it by masticating this snack mix.I can echo the sentiments of another reviewer - this is somewhat mislabeled. This is more of a Cajun blend than merely a hot blend. A review of the ingredients do not reveal any cayenne pepper, Tabasco or other famous Cajun flavorings, but that is the impression I get. I can almost taste crab oil on the back of my throat, but it is not listed in the ingredients. I guess it could be a psychosomatic reaction.I was hoping/expecting flavoring akin to Flamin' Hot - but I cannot tell you if I was exactly disappointed as I was surprised by the Scoville meter in my mouth that was screaming for the fire extinguisher. I can feel a rumbling in my bowels that will no doubt become a topic of discussion with my husband when I get home this evening.
Wow. I was not expecting this to taste as good as it does. This is a wonderfully flavorful soup. You get real clam taste and a good texture (little on the thin side but acceptable), and even a bit of creaminess. It is actually the best tasting store bought clam chowder from a national brand I have ever tried. I have tried various types of Campbells before and Progresso, and probably some regional brands I can't remember.But this is a very good soup. The first few ingridients in order are water, clam stock, potatoes, celery, clams, vegetable oil. Unfortunately Campell's does use high fructose corn syrup, but it is at least fairly far down the ingridient list. Too bad to save a few pennies or less (maybe even a fraction of a cent over real sugar?) probably per can of production they choose that. It does contain monosodium glutamate in case that is a no go for some people.Overall though this is great to have in your pantry. You get a good amount of fill for 150 calories but you are also getting 15% of DRA for Total Fat 10 grams, and 10% of saturated fat, 2 grams. Zero trans fat is listed. It is good enough to have for lunch a couple of times a week. Pair this with some fruit, and maybe some cheese and you will have a good enjoyable work lunch. Nice to have on hand for rainy days also.It takes 1 minute 15 seconds on high. It is a narrow can but you do have the option of putting the 'sip cap' back on and drinking your soup. The advantage of that is that the can helps keep the soup warm all the way through. Enough good about this product starting with taste, that I do recommend it.
If you're like me and get tired of packing lunches, be sure to grab these! They just make it SO much easier and it's easier for the person who's eating the lunch as well.  They taste great too - I like this one better than the regular canned version.  It's healthier too!  I buy these things by the ton it seems like! Highly recommend!
I love New England Clam Chowder and Campbell's Soup At Hand version of Clam Chowder is quite tasty and filling.What I liked: with 10  ounces of soup, this is a great item to have for lunch, especially during a long cold winter.  It only takes a minute and 15 seconds to heat up, so it is a quick and convenient meal. The container is compact enough that you can keep several cans in your desk so you can just grab one when you're ready for lunch. Being able to heat up the container means one less bowl to clean and it's easy enough to rinse out and recycle the can when you are through with it. The soup is filled with potatoes, celery, and clams and is delicious. It's not too salty, which can be a problem with canned soup.What I didn't like: the container. Yes, I love its convenience, but it's too tall. The soup is meant to be sipped, not eaten with a spoon, but you still have to stir it and when you use a spoon to do it, almost the entire spoon goes into the can, which is very messy. Also, the plastic lid on the can is hard to take off and the opening to sip the soup needs to be wider, since items like the potatoes and clams sometimes get stuck and you need to take the lid off to finish the soup - and it's very hard to use a spoon to eat the remainder because of the shape of the can.Nutritional Facts: Each container has one service size that is 160 calories (calories from fat are 90). There are 10 g's total fat, 2 g's of saturated fat, and no trans fat. There are 5 mg's cholesterol and 890 mg's of sodium. Also, there are 13 g's total carbohydrates; 5 g's dietary fiber; 1g sugar; 4 g protein; 2% of the daily value of calcium; and 6% of the daily value of iron.Bottom-line: Campbell's Soup at Hand New England Clam Chowder is very tasty and filling but somewhat inconveniently packaged.
How did we ever live without great convenience packaging?Going out to lunch is NEVER an option for me. So keeping some Chicken & Stars stashed away keeps me prepared for a satisfying meal, even when I haven't had the chance to plan ahead.I deducted one star for too much salt! Campbell's... Are you listening? Convenience and health are both important issues!
Nothing beats breastmilk, but when your baby is needing extra nutrition/calories to gain weight then I think this is a fairly good product.  I'm not fond of the corn syrup solids - that's definitely not found in breast milk, but it makes the formula sweet and therefore babies will usually drink it down.  Unfortunately they get hooked on sweet at the most early of ages.  Also, this product costs a lot of money but for babies who are born prematurely they usually need some extra help getting strong and growing so I definitely would give this a try.
I got this because my milk isn't adequate enough and I trust this brand fully.  I have no complaints whatsoever. Perfect.
We were extrea carful with what the baby ate and the infamil came recommended from the nurse and many of our friends. The powder was easy to mix and didn't smell bad.  The baby seemed ot enjoy it.
If you have never encountered a child with a a spit up problem, you have likely never been a parent. But there is spitting up, and there is spitting up. If your child is one who spends more time spitting it up then keeping it down, you are probably at your wits end. When I was raising my daughter, one of my friends discussed &#34;projectile vomiting,&#34; and what it meant to clean baby formula off of the ceiling! Forget about &#34;not jiggling baby after he eats,&#34; they were scared to pick him up!This product has rice powder (to help thicken the formula) and probiotics (to help with digestion). While it reduces spitting up statistically by 50%, even that amount can make a huge difference to parents. I'm grateful Enfamil came out with this formula. While you can use a regular nipple, I found it needed a larger hole to accommodate the formula.
I was hoping that the concept of refill packs would really mean minimal packaging and less impact on the environment -- I guess the easily recyclable cardboard and paper could be viewed as better, but you are still getting a lot of material to dispose of with this particular grouping.Beyond clearing that up for previous users of the A.R. formula, this has been used consistently for a baby now beginning to transition up to toddler mixes without incident, abnormal gas and other digestive issues.
During mixing, Enfamil A.R. Infant may tend to clump together, but it can be avoided when the powder is slowly added or stirred to (warm) water and not conversely.  Such mixing in a separate container and only then pouring to a bottle can be mastered at no time and prevent the indigestion hustle.Milk's lactose is present in A.R. Infant (ages 0-12 months) and is NOT substituted for corn (glucose) syrup solids, as in Mead Johnson (& Co) Nutrition formulas except also Enfamil Newborn and partially EnfaCare Infant. Enfamil A.R. Infant is characterized by milk, oils, starch, lactose, maltodextrin, prebiotics, DHA, choline, vitamins, and minerals.Clinical studies have shown that administering prebiotics can increase the number of beneficial bacteria in the colon while simultaneously reducing the population of harmful bacteria thus increasing the overall gastrointestinal (GI) tract health. The fermentation of FOS results in the production of gases and acids. Calcium is more soluble in acid, and, therefore, more of it comes out of food and is available to move from the gut into the bloodstream.DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) found in fish oil is an omega-3 fatty acid that can be synthesized in humans. A study found that preterm infants fed DHA had better developmental outcomes, but not the full-term infants or term infants (1-12 mo) who develop normally. A formula for the newborn (0-3 mo) without corn syrup seems to suit better both the preterm and full-term newborns while no evidence suggests that supplementing DHA for the older infants (3-12 mo) is beneficial.Choline is found in sunflower, soy, cod fish, broccoli, cauliflower, milk, chicken, etc. Endurance athletes and people who drink a lot of alcohol may be at risk for choline deficiency and may benefit from choline supplements.Mead Johnson (& Co) Nutrition has 3 lines of formulas: Enfamil Newborn (ages up to 3 months), Enfamil Infant (up to 12 months), and Enfagrow Toddler Transitions (9 to 18 months) and Enfagrow Toddler Next Step Milk Drinks (1 year & up). Enfamil Newborn is characterized by easy to digest proteins, choline, DHA, and vitamin D. Enfagrow Toddler Transitions is characterized by DHA, choline, calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidants. Enfagrow Toddler Next Step is characterized by calcium and vitamin D, and is available in two flavors: vanilla and natural milk.
I have almost 1-year-old boy/girl twins.  My boy has had some issues spitting up recently (not exactly sure why).  He also doesn't sleep through the night well and has wanted a bottle 1-2x at night.  I needed something that was a bit more substantial to keep his belly full and not come back up as well.I'm pleased with this formula as far as spit-up and sleeping (he has not needed a middle of the night bottle for a couple of weeks now).My only complaint is how foamy the formula gets when mixed.  If you shake the formula to mix it (we usually mix up a 20oz container at a time) it gets very foamy.  Even after sitting for a while it is still foamy (other formulas may be airy after being shaken, but after sitting for a while will settle).  This stuff never settles.  I tried using my formula mixer (it warms and mixes at the same time), but it is so thick that it doesn't blend it very well (I need to mix it twice to get it blended, but it needs to cool between because it won't mix if the liquid is too hot).  Warm water helps with mixing as does having a way to blend without shaking too much.  I'm going to keep working with my mixer to see if I can get it to work better.The foam is annoying, but it really doesn't seem to cause any problems for my babies. They have not been overly gassy.  They also haven't been constipated, but they are eating lots of different solid foods and some water as well.If your baby has reflux or spit-up issues, I would give this formula a try.  Just do a little experimenting to see which way is best for mixing the formula for you.
This product is a bit pricey in my opinion, but if it makes your baby feel better then it's worth it. I think the &#34;A.R.&#34; stands for &#34;added rice&#34; but I couldn't find anywhere on the can saying so. It does contain rice starch. The first ingredient is non-fat milk, whereas the first ingredient is usually corn syrup solids, so baby won't be getting a lot of corn syrup. Some parents have said that it made their babies have constipation so be aware of that. Also, &#34;Parent's Choice&#34; brand is about half the cost and has the same formulation as Enfamil.
Infant formula never ceases to surprise me at it's cost.  I've been pleased with costs at Amazon.This Enfamil AR formula seems to work well for my granddaughter (who has struggled with excessive spit up and upset).  She seems to both tolerate and enjoy this product.Even more important my daughter-in-law likes it.
Baby spitup can be frustrating and messy and if it goes on too long it is worrysome.  I first tried googling the web and then I was presented this to try.  Amazingly it actually works.  Not sure what they change in the formula but it really works. As other reviewers have mentioned,  you can mix this with regular Enfamil to make it last longer or treat on better days.
It is a bit difficult to review a soy based infant formula since so much of it just really depends on your baby. What works for Baby A makes Baby B gassy or completely ill. However, based on my experience, this formula provides a good mix of nutrients for the lactose-intolerant or resistant baby without causing other complications.
Priced reasonably. If you're unable to breastfeeding and your child is lactose intolerant, this is a good choice.  My niece used it for her child who was experiencing a lot of gas with her lactose based formula.  She said it was much easier to tolerate.
Enfamil Prosobee Soy Infant Formula Powder with Iron This Enfagrow Toddler Transitions Formula is handy to take on long car trips. While we prefer to give premade of breast milk, it isn't always convenient to bring it along or &#34;get to it&#34;. We like being able to mix this as needed.We wouldn't use this everyday, but it makes a handy &#34;stop gap&#34;.CFH
One of the things I like about the powdered formula itself is that it is shelf stable.  Similar to things such as powdered milk, the formula will need to be kept in a cool, dry place.  The expiration date is approximately a little more than a year.  I used to purchase a ready-to-feed formula, but storage was a problem.  Preparation and storage are definitely issues that need to be adhered to.  We have thePhilips AVENT Electric Steam Sterilizerand have made good use of it over time.There are Enfamil formulas that you can tailor to your specific child&#8217;s needs.  This is very similar to the soy formula I used and is specifically for the baby that is very fussy and has frequent gas issues.  Soy formula is &#8220;easy on the tummy,&#8221; and I&#8217;d agree wholeheartedly.  Powder is powder and sometimes problematic to fix, but a premium formula like Enfamil is well worth the effort.  There&#8217;s nothing like having a screaming baby who&#8217;s pulling up his or her legs in pain.  Been there, done that and soy formulas really help alleviate the problem.  I don&#8217;t like the heavy percentage of corn syrup solids, but soy would be very unpalatable without it.FEATURES:&#9658;  Uses soy protein and is tailored to be naturally easy on your baby&#8217;s tummy&#9658;  Milk-free and lactose-free&#9658;  Provides complete nutrition for healthy growth during baby&#8217;s first year&#9658;  Enfamil ProSobee is a soy based formula designed to reduce fussiness and gas sometimes caused by milk-based formulas, while still providing the complete nutrition your baby needs to reach key milestones&#9658;  Enfamil ProSobee provides complete nutrition for healthy growth during baby&#8217;s first yearNUTRITION FACTS, abbreviated (Normal Dilution);  per 100 Calories (5 fl oz):Protein  2.5gFat  5.3gCarbohydrate  10.6gWater  133gLinoleic Acid  860mgINGREDIENTS:Corn Syrup Solids (54%), Vegetable Oil (Palm Olein, Coconut, Soy and High Oleic Sunflower Oils) (26%), Soy Protein Isolate (14%) and Less than 2% Calcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Sodium Citrate, Calcium Carbonate, Magnesium Chloride, Magnesium Phosphate, Potassium Citrate, Ferrous Sulfate, Zinc Sulfate, Cupric Sulfate, Potassium Iodide, Sodium Selenite, Mortierella Alpina Oil (a Source of Arachidonic Acid [ARA]), Crypthecodinium Cohnii Oil (a Source of Docosahexaenoic Acid [DHA]), L-Methionine,  Choline Chloride, , Ascorbic Acid, Niacinamide, Calcium Pantothenate, Vitamin D3, Riboflavin, Thiamin Hydrochloride, Vitamin B6 Hydrochloride, Folic Acid, Vitamin K1, Biotin, Vitamin B12, Inositol, Taurine, Vitamin E Acetate, L-Carnitine,  Vitamin A Palmitate.
My son is one of those babies who spits up often and a large volume.  He was put on Prosobee when he was about a week old to try to help with this.  While it helped a little, it didn't fix the problem completely.  Overall, I am pleased with the formula, but my one complaint is that the powder doesn't dissolve as well as other milk based formulas.  It leaves a film on the inside of the bottle (that requires a bit of work to wash off) and the liquid is almost a bit gritty.  I ended up going to the ready to feed Prosobee which solved this problem.
Good soy based formula for those babies who are lactose intolerant. Like my gran-daughter. Cows milk formula gives them a belly ache and or stomach ache which makes a very fussy baby. They call it colic which is baby with gas belly ache. Always use under advice of physical as soy can also cause problems with some babies like my new grandson. He can not use soy nor milk based formulas.
We don't need sensitive formula all the time, but when my infant comes down with a tummy bug, sensitive formulas are the only way to go. She is back and drinking again faster and consuming a greater quantity than she would have on standard enfamil. The prosobee was easy to mix, the powder is very fine and not prone to clumping which can cause gas and discomfort. The formula is light and packed with nutrients. Babies really like the taste as it is quite sweet compared to other types of formula. This is a great formula to have on hand for times when stomach upset takes over the house. The expiration date is over a year away for me, and I can appreciate that.
Through a bit of medical necessity, we have had to introduce formula.  This formula seemed to be well-tolerated, and greatly minimized gas and tummy rumbling.We avoid corn syrup and its derivatives with the older children (try telling grandma we'd rather she not feed them &#34;fruit&#34; snacks, ugh!), but that's the primary ingredient in this formula.  I suppose it's okay for a limited time, but I do wish there were a different formula.For a soy formula, this has been a good choice.
My baby was constantly gassy and fussy and someone suggested that I try this ProSobee formula.  It was amazing, after her next feeding with this the gassiness and the fussiness was nearly gone.  This is so gentle on my baby's stomach and even though it is expensive, it worked so well for me.
If you have a child with digestive issues this works well without you having to spend an arm and a leg for the more expensive items. I found this help ease my childs gas as well as cramps and just made it easier for his system to handle. Overall this is a must have product for kids with tummy problems.
My nephew (11 months old) has milk allergies.  I thought this one might also be a good alternative to normal milk based formula and it is.  It mixes well with the water (no clumping, etc).  It seems like it must have the same flavor as the other stuff he used to b/c he drinks it up no problem.  He has had no tummy troubles with this one at all, so it does work well when it comes to avoiding the milk allergy.  It's price higher, but if there is an allergy, it's worth switching for sure!
The taste is a little weird (for me), but my little niece likes it. My uncle who is a pharmacist looks at the ingredients and he confirms that the powder contains a lot of nutrients which are essential for kids. Overall, good product at reasonable price.
This soy formula is good for reducing painful gas or for lactose intolerant babies.  We have no complaints.  It is easy to mix and to use.
Guru is a tasty energy drink. The typical &#34;energy drink&#34; flavors are toned down in favor of a more fruity taste - an admittedly generic mix of grape and apple. It's actually quite enjoyable, despite the seemingly high carbonation (tip: don't drink this before a vigorous workout). It has 100mg of caffeine, which is plenty to perk most people up, and it actually works very well as a post-lunch pick-me-up.The main selling-point is that it is organic and natural. Personally, I don't see any benefit in these claims (health-wise or taste-wise) though if this is something you're looking for, this is a good product for you. Regardless, it's a good energy drink and I recommend it.
I appreciate the fact that this energy drink has a fizz to it. I don't know why but fizz (to me) seems to heighten flavors or at least give the flavors some "pop." Nothing worse than a flat energy drink without that energetic feeling going down. In my humble opinion.When I tried the first can, I was, at first, a bit hesitant. I couldn't make out the flavors exactly. But a strange thing happened. After a few minutes I could really taste the white grape and apple flavors (I didn't taste any green tea flavor, however). I absolutely love the flavor of this beverage. It's not too sweet, in fact its almost a bit tart.As far as the energy claim goes, I'd have to say I didn't notice a huge burst of energy after drinking this but it does contain some caffeine (from the green tea, I presume) so while the energy output is subtle, the ingredients are clearly energy enhancing (ginseng, green tea, echinacea, etc.). Also, this is made with all organic and natural ingredients which is a big selling point for me. I do wish the calorie count was less than 100 for such a small can (8.4 oz) so it wouldn't be something I would drink more than once a day. I might if the calorie count was 50 or less, however.But, for the most part, I found this to be a generally healthy beverage with good ingredients. I guess it comes down to the taste for individual users.If you don't want to buy a 24-pack without knowing how this tastes, I'd check the "GuruEnergy" website to see where it might be sold individually.
I was almost afraid to try this drink because I read that the flavor was hard to get past. Well they taste fine to me, similar to a lot of other energy drinks really. There is an aftertaste, just as with some other energy drinks, that reminds me of a synthetic bubble gum-ish flavor. After my first can it no longer stuck out to me but I can still taste it. The overall taste is not bad at all but compared to other drinks I still prefer the flavor of either Full Throttle or Amp. For those looking for a natural energy drink (however unnatural that sounds), this is a great option.The company says there are 100 mg of caffeine in each can, although I read an article on Web MD about a Consumer Reports investigation that puts the level of caffeine for this brand (and others) at a higher level (118 mg in the can tested). The sugar content is comparable to that in other 8 ounce carbonated energy drinks, which is to say that it's a lot and contributes significantly to the energy you get from the drink. But hey, it's natural sugar.Since caffeine is still caffeine, I wouldn't suggest drinking more than one or two in a day and moderation in the long run is advised. There is also a lite version with less sugar.
The caffeine I believe comes from the Guarana seed.  It isnt a huge kick but being one that doesnt drink to many things with caffeine it did do something.  Everything in this is natural, meaning you can read the ingredients.  There is nothing that says anything other then organic extract.  It does have natural flavors which are unknown but other then that you can understand what is in what you drink.  It isnt to sweet and does have a decent flavor.  You could do a lot worse then getting this.  That being said, it is a little on the expensive side, hence the four stars.  If you are into organic stuff and want something that wont kill you with fake ingredients this stuff is for you.
This Guru Natural Energy Drink has a crisp, lightly carbonated consistency with a subtle flavor based on white grape with hints of apple. At only 8.4 ounces per can, it packs a nice boost based on green tea leaf extracts. It has 100 calories per can, but the ingredients are all natural. Recommended for adults who need to concentrate for long hours at work or hobby.
The explosion of products in the energy drink market has given companies an even harder than usual task of making their products stand out from the crowd.  Some have gone the counterintuitive but apparently successful route of emphasizing the dangerousness of their products:Monster Energy Drink,Venom Energy Drink,Cocaine Energy Drink - As Strong As 3 Red Bulls,Zombie Blood Energy Potion Pack, and finallyNo Fear, Super Energy Supplement.  What next?  This Will Kill You brand energy drinks?In contrast other companies have emphasized the healthiness of their products, and a subset of these have gone the path of reconstituting fruit juice after Pasteurization with carbonated water.  Unbelievably, one of these is the aforementioned No Fear, apparently going for the Healthiest Sounding Beverage with a Huge Skull on the Label category, another is Arizona (AZ) Energy, but the one you will likely be most familiar with isMountain Dew KickStart.  So how does Guru measure up?  Well, the taste didn't strike me that much either way.Interestingly, they don't make much of an issue of the juice content; in fact their low calorie versionGURU Lite Natural Energy Drink Sweetened With Stevia, 8.4 Fluid Ounce Can (Pack of 24)achieves this status, not by eschewing the cane syrup but rather by eschewing the grape juice.  Instead they've chosen to emphasize the organic nature of all their ingredients, particularly the green tea leaf, guarana seed, echinacea flower, and ginseng root extracts, which among other things allows them to claim 100 mg. of caffeine per 8.4 fluid ounce can.  (Both versions are also available in larger size cans:GURU Natural Energy Drink crafted with organic ingredients, 12 Fluid Ounce Can (Pack of 24)andGURU Lite, Natural Energy Drink Sweetened With Stevia, 12 Fluid Ounce Can (Pack of 24).)Note: If 100% USDA Certified Organic is the most important factor for you, feel free to add another star.
I like the idea of an &#34;all natural/organic&#34; energy drink. I like the idea of pure cane sugar, organic caffeine, and organic herbs. However, that said, the taste is a little acrid in my opinion. But, everyone's tastes are different. It is still sweet and not bad, just a little off for me. It doesn't kick your butt with jitteriness like a Monster drink will. That's nice. So, I give four stars for a great drink, but just a little weird tasting.
I was reading some of the negative reviews so I wasn't expecting too much. I was pleasantly surprised by the taste. It had a odd cherry taste to it but after trying it several times I really liked it. It has a nice aftertaste too which is the most important to me. Also liked the design and shape of the cans.Will be using in the future!
Has a berry type taste, the carbonation is refreshing to the palate. No need to get overly concerned about caffeine content (the can itself says100 mg per can), derived from guarana seed extract. The average cup of coffee ranges between 90 - 150 mg per 8 ounce cup.The going price of about $2.00 for a 8.4 fluid ounce can is a bit excessive (@ $50 a case of 24). Anyhow, believe it or not caffeine itself makes me sleepy if I am already tired ... so I wasn&#8217;t going to guzzle 24 cans and end up in the emergency room. Tried 2 at 10:05 PM and am feeling tired already. Now this effect is me not the drink (I can take Ritalin and then go to bed).My advice is to try as many &#8220;energy drinks&#8221; as you can - then in time you&#8217;ll find the magical one ... if you don&#8217;t wish to drink coffee in the morning.
I've given this another try since my last review and am giving it a more favorable review this time around. My initial gripe was with the taste. It has kind of a bitter taste, not unlike Red Bull, but with a berry-like flavor that makes it taste better than Red Bull. Initially, I didn't like it but I'm starting to like it. I like that it is a natural energy drink and it does seem to give me an energy boost without leaving me jittery or feeling wired. It is all-natural and boasts 100mg of (naturally-occurring) caffeine, versus 80mg you get in the same amount of Red Bull.  It's also vegan-friendly and gluten-free, which is a bonus for those who want or need that. It's still not my favorite energy drink, but it's not bad (though a little pricey).
Energy drinks? I remember when an energy drink was Jolt Cola and using it to wash downNo-Doz, if you could find them in the same store. Damn kids these days.And what ever happened to KMX? Or Lost Energy? Or Coke Blak?Anyway... now we've got GURU, the only energy drink I've seen that caters to the typical Whole Foods shopper. As much as I want to be annoyed by it, I've gotta say... it tastes really good. You can tell they're going for a Red Bull flavor, but without quite the &#34;I just drank a battery&#34; burn. And, it doesn't have an aftertaste that stays with you for very long.You don't get quite the punch from most energy drinks (and it's been a while since I've had one punch like Lost Energy used to), but I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing. I see it as more of a &#34;keep going&#34; drink than &#34;wake up&#34;.I don't think it's really going to change many perceptions about energy drinks (other than that they don't all need to be loaded with corn syrup and taste horrible), but it's definitely a nice alternative.
Seems to work just as well as any of the other energy drinks on the market but I really like the fact that it's made from organic ingredients. It also has a nice fruity flavor that reminds me of cherries.
As far as I'm concerned, Guru is everything an energy drink should be. It tastes nice. It provides a pleasant, calm lift without jitters or stomach trouble. It doesn't have any dodgy ingredients or coloring.Unfortunately, it's pretty expensive. I'm sure a lot of this is the shipping, because frankly it *is* expensive to ship something that heavy, but it's hard to justify paying so much. I'm debating whether I should order more, but I definitely want to!Recommended.
My favorite energy drink is Red Bull.  I love the taste, and it gets rid of 95% of my migraines.GURU tastes like Red Bull mixed with grape juice, so I really enjoy the taste.  It doesn't work quite as well on my migraines as Red Bull, but it does help.  I like that it's made with natural and organic ingredients, and I can pronounce all of them.  I really like that it doesn't have high fructose corn syrup.The ingredients are: Sparkling water, organic cane syrup, organic white grape juice concentrate, natural flavors, apple acid, citric acid, organic green tea leaf extract, organic guarana seed extract, organic echnicacea flower extract, organic panax ginseng root extract.
I'm not into energy drinks as the big rush and then big crash is pretty ridiculous. Some people choose this kind of lifestyle, but I personally do not subscribe to that. But every once in awhile, it's nice to get a little push in the right direction. I drink Diet Coke and Iced Tea mostly for my daily liquids. So I tend to have a steady caffeine flow in my system.These Guru's I like right off the bat because of the organic and natural ingredients. It is also mostly a carbonated fruit juice blend with the Gurana that is in a lot of energy drinks for the natural caffeine. There is also a mix of some other natural ingredients known for energy. I liked the fruity flavor from the beginning, and it does give a bit of a kick without a noticeable jump, more gradual, and I didn't have any crash after like the other mainstream brands.So I'd have to say this is a good product for those who want (I didn't say need) a pick me up and like to put healthy stuff in their bodies instead of a bunch of chemicals that just screw you around and are basically bad for you.
Once again I was lured in by a managers special that was heavily discounting several different types of energy drink.  And this one was touted as "natural" and I figured I might as well give it a try.  It actually pleasantly surprised me.The taste of this energy drink was liquid gummy worms.  Which is great because I love gummy worms.  Very sugary with a little bit of a sour hint to it, it only puckered your mouth a little bit but was easy to get down.  And a 12 oz can lasted me a little while giving me the equivalent amount of energy as a normal soda does.  Although I did notice myself talking a little more, which is a sure sign that an energy drink is working for me.I was very impressed with the ingredient list.  A lot of organics (the bottle says 90%), the sweetener was cane syrup and there was guarana, echinacea, ginko, gingseng and other "good for you" ingredients in it.  The can is considered 1.5 servings (which is a little strange, but anyways), and there is no fat and 100 calories per serving.  Sugar was 25 grams which is high, but about average for an energy drink.  These aren't to be confused with diet drinks.  There also was no protein in the can.I might actually buy one of these at full price but I wouldn't make it a habit since they are kind of pricey.  But the taste was good and the ingredients list was one of the better ones I've seen on an energy drink, so it's worth it for a splurge now and again.Review by M. Reynard 2013
As a seniot citizen, I'm suffering that typical chronic old age tiredness that tempts me to sleep away more than half the day.  When I ordered this through vine, I was expecting the traditional one can usually sent out for this kind of product.  Instead, I was delighted to receive a full case of 24 cans, and I've taken advantage of that before writing my review.I'll admit that the taste didn't thrill me when I had the first can.  It wasn't awful, but it did take adjusting to and I now truly love the flavor.However, flavor isn't the important thing.  More important is that I have received bursts of energy during the 12 days of my having one can first thing in the morning and a second can during the afternoon.  Hey, I even had enough energy to have an all-nighter.  Only one, but being able to last out the wee hours is certainly unusual for me at this stage of life.This isn't a miracle working beverage.  I still have to battle chronic tiredness, but Guru does take the edge offf of it, enabling me to have more enjoyable hours of wakefulness.  I do enthusiastically recommend this.
We've consumed maybe 1000 Monster brand energy drinks before, tried almost every taste there. This taste not bad at all. The upside is that this is all natural.Although it is quite expensive. So when it is time to decide whether to buy this or the switch juice, I might go with switch.
This energy drink is organic. The flavor is odd. It tastes a bit like grape soda. It's better than most energy drinks, and drinking it cold seems to greatly improve the GURU flavor. I am not overly fond of energy drinks but this one is definitely one of the ones I would try again before Red Bull or Monster.
I don't normally think of the terms natural and organic when thinking of energy drinks, so I thought that this one might be different and decided to give it a try. It is different. The first thing that I noticed is the taste. It is well known that energy drinks taste bad, it's part of their reputation, if it tasted good, it wouldn't work. Well Guru tasted better than the better known competitors, but still doesn't taste all that good. One of my children didn't like the flavor, just because it wasn't as bad as the more common brands. Next, was the performance boost. The Guru gave me a more mild energy boost, which I have to admit, I like better than having a nervous shaky feeling. Looking at the ingredients, it seems like the caffeine level is more like a very strong cup of coffee. With the natural ingredients, I didn't notice any of the synthetic hormones that most energy drinks have when reading the ingredients. I thought that this may have contributed to my ability to sleep without any weird dreams, a common side affect I get with most energy drinks. On the negative side, this seems to be a milder energy boost compared to competition, it doesn't feel like you're on drugs. It also gave me a dry mouth, which isn't a problem in the gym, but when I was doing endurance workouts on the trail, it was a draw back. Overall I would recommend Guru, I like the milder boost, but remember that it will create a dry mouth in cardio exercise.
I was sent a 24-pack of GURU through Amazon's Vine program, and I wanted to see how this "Natural Energy" drink worked on me.The smell and the taste of this drink is completely unique. The best description of the smell I can provide is...it smells like "watermelon tea". As far as the taste goes, it's harder to describe. It has a slightly sweet tang, which disappears rather quickly. There's a nice little carbonated kick which tricks my brain into thinking I'm having a soda, but without the usual overload on sodium.Keep an eye on the carbs, though - you get 25g per drink and 25g of sugars. This contributes to the 100 calories per can.I like the slim can design - 3.6 less ounces than a standard soda, and I never found the need to gulp down my drink.I had these over the course of a month and drank one in the afternoon around 3pm. It gave me just enough energy to keep my eyes open at the office, and they didn't make my heart trip-hammer or disturb my sleep schedule hours later.If you're looking for a powerful burst of energy, there are plenty of drinks out there which will give you what you need, such as5 Hour Energy Bottles- but if you just need a push to start your morning or finish out your workday, GURU will get the job done for you.
Liked the flavor. It's kind of like the juice and seltzer that we usually mix up at home. Loved the ingredients. It really is all natural and no Stevia! But I drank these right before bed and got plenty of Zzzs. I drank three in two hours and didn't feel it. So as an energy drink Guru fizzles, but as a healthy soda pop it fizzes! At 2$ a pop (pun intended) it is a bit on the pricey side, but we went through our 24 pack lickety split so we must have liked them.
I like the taste of this product.  I drank it and noticed a nice rise in energy, not a crazy kind of wanting to burst out of my skull energy, but a nice even, level flow of feeling alive.  The only thing I didn't like about this product is the price and that will deter me from buying it.
A great drink to quench your thirst and to hydrate after a work out or on a hot day. What I like about this drink is that it is 100% natural and tastes great without any added sweetners or artificial flavors. It is a great water replacement especially for those who don't like water.It is nature's answer to Gatorade.
****This tea is good---it is a meld of green and white teas: White tea, Japanese green tea, Chinese green tea, Assam green tea, Darjeeling green tea, and organic green tea from Sri Lanka. It has a mild and interesting taste, and doesn't appear to be as strong in its caffeine effects as some other green or white teas.I went to Stash's website to find out more about Fusion Green and White and it says that white tea is a very rare and healthful tea, even more so than green tea, containing powerful antioxidants; it is thought that white tea may have the strongest anti-carcinogenic effects of all teas.  White tea is not oxidized, but withered and dried by steaming. It is not clear exactly how much white tea is present in this tea compared to all of the greens---I'm thinking there might be far more green than white. Still, it is a fine tea nonetheless.For a basic green tea, with some extra-healthful white tea added, it is a not-overly-exciting but certainly tasty tea. I would especially recommend it for people new to tea drinking who want to branch out from orange pekoe to something different, and are looking for a gentle introduction to the wide world of teas.Note that this review is for the bulk packaging of six tea boxes, for an incredible Amazon price break!****
At about a foot long (and a little under 1 ounce), this isn't the most healthy snack. It's got 140 Calories, 12g of fat, 480mg of sodium, and ingredients like, "mechanically separated chicken." But let's not fool ourselves, nobody is going to be eating a Slim Jim for their health.While these sticks do have a somewhat 'greasy' feeling, they are chewy, salty, and overall very satisfying to eat. They have a somewhat spicy taste, and they leave a beefy flavor lingering in your mouth. I can see some people really hating these beef sticks, but I can't help but find them to be a really nice (though unhealthy) snack.
Slim Jim Giant smoked snacks is as tasty as ever. It has a slightly salty taste and is great to remove the hunger pangs that set in about midday. i have always enjoyed slim jim and the giant pack gave a more filling experience to a great snack. i keep a box with me in my office and pull one out to nibble on from time to time.Really do enjoy them.
What I like most about this product is the ease in carrying, storing and eating. It fits in your pocket or purse. I really prefer the pieces of jerky rather than this type of processing however I still buy this product. We have a box on the counter at home where one can just hep themselves to a quick snack. I did find out you can't keep it too long after the recommended expiration date so eat it is  a hurry. In out package there were 100 sticks.
I loved the Slim Jim Giant Smoked Snacks. They taste great, and are just big enough to make a satisfying snack. The one downside it that they have a "greasy" taste. It wasn't too much to not enjoy though. I would recommend Slim Jims for a nice afternoon snack.
This review is for the Slim Jim .28oz (Pack of 100) Meat Snacks. Being a Type 2 diabetic, these are great snacks to have on hand since they are very low in carbs. The flavor is just spicy enough to make them interesting, but is certainly not overpowering.The casing is a little tough and it does seam a little more greasy than my favorite meat snack,Jack Link's X-Stick, Original, 0.5-Ounce X-Sticks (Pack of 50), but the smaller size makes Slim Jim good for a "pocket snack".Recommended!CFH
Here it is, the extra-long stick to pick up with the six pack and cigars.With a Slim Jim, you know what you are getting - not fine dining, not ultra-high quality meat, not nutrition, not a healthy snack, a decent tasting snack that can go anywhere. My review is a bit odd because this is about what Slim Jims taste like after their use by date.The good news, they are totally edible after the use by date. Because these are chock full 'o stuff not good for you, they are perfectly safe to eat after that use by date. The meat texture will be a bit different. The sticks I ate are almost a month beyond the use by date. How do they stack up, well pretty well? The flavor is still about the same, a little bit of pepper, smoky, and salty. Where things go a bit odd, the stick has rendered (this is where fat and oil starts to separate out of the meat) so it has a strange texture. The meat is also a chewy, not the nice snap of a meat stick or the dried jerky texture, it is gummy and chewy.Giant smoked meat snack means this is just an extra-long stick, normal diameter and a lucky thirteen inches long. Nope, can't put this in your pocket - well most guys couldn't put it in their pocket.A look at the ingredient line explains a lot. Beef is the number one ingredient, that's a good thing. Number two is mechanically separated chicken. In a meat packing plant where they process chicken, humans trim off all the fat and then cut off the useable good chicken meat. What is left over, the fat and the bones is run through a machine that separates the edible from the inedible (bones, cartilage, and some fat). Ingredient number two is the odds and ends from chicken processing. Yeah, it is protein and the texture is awful - seriously this is filler. The other filler in here is textured soy protein and hydrolyzed soy protein. You'll get a good dose of corn syrup, sodium nitrite, and salt.What I can't tell is how this stick was smoked. Normally if it is processed in a smokehouse with wood and genuine smoke, they list that really big. Usually if they use artificial smoke, that is listed on the ingredient line. I can't find a euphemism for either one on this package. Frankly, they don't taste very smoky anyway. The big flavor is the cultured meat, salami type flavor.You see the ingredient line isn't about being healthy; it is all about flavor, getting thirsty, and burping. But you knew that when you picked it up. Nobody is fooling anybody. And don't worry too much about that use by date - it is still edible.
These Slim Jim Snacks are delicious. The kids love them. They came packaged nicely and with great speed. My only complaint is that they have nitrates in them. I know that you can make yummy smoked snacks without the nitrates and will probably opt for that type of treat next time. I don't like to give my kiddos this preservative. But, if you are not bothered by preservatives, these are a hands down winner for flavor and convenience in our house.
I hadn't had a Slim Jim since I was a kid in high school so when I recently had one I was happy to see that it tastes just like I remember it. When you first bite into a Slim Jim you get that snap from the casing and then you get a butst of spicy, greasy, meaty goodness. Yes I said greasy. Slim Jim are greasy but in a good way and once you try one, you will understand what I am talking about.
I've probably had a Slim Jim 2 or 3 times before getting this to review. I was surprised that I liked it as much as I did. I was also surprised my 4 year old son liked it as well.There is a mild spiciness/smokiness that is tasty. Compared to jerky, Slim Jims are less hard/chewy. They seem to have a slightly higher fattiness than jerky.The casing has a papery consistency that seems to stay in my mouth after I've swallowed.Each comes individually wrapped and the package opens easily. They stay fairly fresh after opening if you leave it in its original package and expose only what you plan to eat, otherwise it dries out within about 8 hours and becomes more chewy and jerky like.
My husband loves Slim Jims and Jerky so I am very familiar with the taste. I like the fact they are easy to tuck into a backpack for a high protein snack on the go. The original is not too spicy, just the right amount of spice, but seems a bit salty (most meat snacks do.) It did seem to not have as much meat in the center as they used to. And the skin on these was much harder to bite through. Still, they are addicting, and I'm glad they make them in the long length, because they are sort of like potato chips- can't stop once you start. My husband loved these. I just thought they could have made them with a bit less skin and a bit more meat.
I've loved Slim Jims since I was a kid in the 70s, and these are just the way I remember them - a little greasy, chewy, a little spicy.  This box of 100 contains the small sized sticks - about 4 inches long, individually wrapped, and stored in a dispenser box.  They don't have to be refrigerated, which makes them easy to tuck into a purse or lunch box.These aren't the "spicy" flavor - I think you have to order the jalapeno or tabasco flavor to get those.  But these are *slightly* spicy, chewy and delicious.  Nobody eats Slim Jims because they're health food - they contain preservatives and low grade meats.  But for a quick snack or if you just want something spicy, these are the same yummy snacks you'll remember from your childhood.  They are also high protein and zero carbs, which is good for those who are dieting.I've ordered this box three times and have been happy with it every time.  Free shipping with Amazon's Supersaver Shipping makes it a good deal.  And if you sign up for automatic delivery (no obligation to keep getting it past the first shipment) you will save an additional 15%, making each stick about 20 cents apiece.
Slim Jims are one of my favorite snacks, especially when I need something to satisfy my hunger between meals. I personally prefer the Mild ones, but the standard Slim Jim is not to spicy for my tastes. And there are times I want something with bold flavors, often I wake up with a "Blah" taste in my mouth and a snack like these is great for getting rid of that taste.My one complaint is the size of these. I know the fact that they are "Giant" is their selling point, but their length does make them a little difficult to pack in a lunch bag of keep on hand for a quick snack. I much prefer the smaller versions for this use.
First of all, I will give dimensions...Width: About 3/8" diameterLength: 12 3/4" (yes, it's just over 1 foot long!)I think it's about as long as 2 or 3 regular Slim Jims.  It's not "giant," but it's long enough that you feel like you've been eating it for a while and are ready to be done with it by the time you get to the bottom of it... :-)As for taste, well, if you like Slim Jims, you like Slim Jims...they all taste the same, other than a few spices thrown in here or there.  This particular one is somewhat spicy (i.e., my Norwegian relatives wouldn't be able to take the heat; anyone further south would find it perfectly mild).  A bit greasy, but I think that's required as a preservative for unrefrigerated meat products...Nutritional information:(Serving size is the whole stick)Calories: 140Total Fat: 12 gSat. Fat: 4.5 gSodium: 480 mgTotal Carb: 3 gTrust me, you don't want me to list the ingredients...  :-)
My older son is a competitive swimmer and on those swim meets or even practices, jerky is a must.We subscribe to x-sticks and always appreciated the convenience. The Giant size works the best, however we found the smaller sizes tastier.I wanted to give Slim Jim a try. My 5-yr-old simply didn't care for this - the meat fibers had proven to be more of a nuisance than anything else. For the rest of us, we are debating whether we are becoming addicted with the flavor or simply enjoying self-torture with one hand holding the stick, the other holding a dental floss. The taste is pretty good. The texture and the way it works in your mouth - oh boy...
Hadn't had one of these in years but they taste just the same. I prefer beef jerky as it is a bit healthier. These also make me burp for hours after.
This product appears larger than it really is, since altho it's really long, there's only an ounce of meat there. Which is good, as calorie-wise this product is fairly heavy, having 140 calories, 12 g of fat- but also a nice 7 g of protein. For the Sodium watchers, there are 480mg.Many would say this is then hardly a "diet" food and they'd be wrong and right. Right as it is high in fat and Sodium. Wrong as this would be a decent snack for those on a low-carb diet. It also could satisfy a craving without splurging.This has a nice meaty taste, a slightly chewy texture and a good mouth feel. Afterwards, there's a little spice burn on your tongue.
Wow! Some things just don't change with time, and Slim Jim's are one of those things. I always liked them when I was a kid, and that hasn't changed. They have just enough spice to them to make them tasty, but not so much that it is overwhelming. Yes, they are a bit on the chewy side and get stuck in your teeth, but that was always part of the enjoyment of them for me. I still like them and will probably pick some up again soon to have around the house as a snack.
After nearly a decade of refraining from snapping into a single Slim Jim, I got this pack of "smoked snacks" and started snapping. They taste exactly the same as they did a decade ago. It's not a bad taste or even really a good taste. It's a slightly meaty taste with a little bit of cardboard and some spices. Overall, it's a taste I like (and obviously so did "Macho Man" Randy Savage). By the time you get to the end of one of these taller Slim Jims though, the taste you had for snapping into in the first place has mostly left you. The last few bites are not as good as the first few. Still, this is an American classic - call it the meat version of a Twinkie.And if you dare, here's an article about what's actually inside a Slim Jim:[...]
This is one of the only bars that truly keeps me full. I eat a whole bar and it stays with me for hours. The taste of fudge is chocolately and rich. I loved it from the first bite. Some of these bars contain peanuts so be sure to check the label before you order or consume if you have allergies. While you will not be tricked into thinking you are eating a decadent treat, this bar really does the trick in filling you up so you don't go ahead and indulge in a decadent treat.
I actually liked this bar pretty well. It's similar to a Power Bar, in that it is sort of homogenous throughout, no nuts, crisped rice, etc. The flavor is chocolatey and the chocolate coating is thick enough to feel kind of like a candy bar. It has a goodly amount of protein - 20 grams - for the calories. I never bother with the bars that don't have much....what's the point? The 20 grams here will stick with you. It's good for a meal replacement. I had it for breakfast with my coffee and it carried me through 'til lunch.
These bars have an excellent flavor, and a smooth, chewy texture. They are very filling and satisfying. They are not sickeningly sweet, but they would make a good replacement for a dessert, if you are craving chocolate or other sweets. They would also make a decent meal-replacement bar.I am highly sensitive to sugar alcohol, and I would probably not have eaten one of these bars if I had checked the label before consuming it, because it contains malitol. If it were not for the sugar alcohol, I would definitely buy this product again. Unfortunately, within six hours of consuming one of these bars, I began getting predictable GI complaints.Another issue with malitol, for those who are concerned about carbs and/or calories in general, is that there is disagreement as to whether it truly is a "zero calorie" sweetener. Supposedly the body cannot digest sugar alcohol, so it passes through the GI tract without having an impact on the body nutritionally. However, some sources claim that the body can utilize about half of the 4 calories per gram that all carbohydrates contain, though sugar alcohol does not raise the blood sugar as much as other sugars.This bar is listed as having 240 calories and 20 grams of protein, making it qualify as a high-protein bar. It has 24 grams of carbs (1 gram of fiber, 12 grams of sugar alcohol). It has 8 grams of fat (no trans fats).This bar is certified as gluten free, but it does contain milk and soy products. Some people do not like to eat canola oil, which is the fat used in this product. The ingredient "natural flavors" is questionable, as well, for the health conscious. Information on that is included below.Ingredients: Protein blend (whey protein isolate, soy protein isolate, calcium caseinate, casein) glycerin, malitol, coating (malitol, cocoa butter, chocolate, sodium caseinate, milk fat, soy lecithin, natural flavors, salt), almonds, water, canola oil, chocolate, alkalized cocoa, soy lecithin, natural flavors, sea salt. CONTAINS: MILK, ALMONDS, SOY. MANUFACTURED IN A PLANT THAT ALSO PROCESSES EGGS, TREE NUTS AND PEANUTS. GLUTEN FREE Certified Gluten Free by GFCO, gfco.orgNatural flavor: The definition of natural flavor under the Code of Federal Regulations is: "The essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional" (21CFR101.22). That essentially means that natural flavor is derived from a real food, but the process by which it is derived is unexplained and there is no way to know how safe or healthy a natural flavoring is.
Ideal for on the good. Individually wrapped and easy to carry. If you like chocolate, you will like this. It has a cake/brownie texture on the inside, with a chocolate coating.i really enjoyed the taste, and it left me satisfied. It is a very nice protein bar, enjoyable to eat. 20g of protein and 0g of sugar and gluten free.
?!?  It's unfortunate that reviews of all the different ThinkThin bars have been corralled together.  Makes them less useful in my opinion.  But in any case, this is a review of the Chocolate Fudge bar.The bar is very brownie-like.  Dense and chewie.  It's covered with a nice chocolate that smells delish and tastes good.  Inside is a dense fudgey bar where the protein comes from almonds and soy.My personal readings of late have indicated that soy is not healthy, but I know most of my vegan friends would disagree.Not for those allergic to nuts, milk, or soy.  This bar is tasty and if you are looking for something to tote in your lunchbag, backpack, purse or pocket, you should check this out.Pam T~
I had almost given up on trying power bars and protein snacks. We came across Larabars a while ago and decided we should stop there. They were soft, moist, chewy, but not leather-like and no chalky after-taste.I'm glad I gave these a shot. I am truly impressed with the overall flavor and texture of the bar. In fact, I let my kids take a taste and they ate the rest of it. The overall consensus was that it tasted like a brownie. I didn't bother to tell them it was a "healthy" snack. They just loved it.We not keep these kinds of snack bars in our glove box and diaper bag when we travel for family snack attacks. I would much rather give my kids one of these than drive through McD's.
I like that these have 0 grams of sugar and are gluten free.  They taste great.  I think buying a box of 15 and supplementing them for meals and snacks could really help me lose weight.
If taste is one's first priority in selecting a protein bar, then one is likely to try any number of products before being satisfied. I thought this product is tasty. When I opened the package, there was a rich scent of chocolate. The bar is chewy, with the consistency of a dense brownie, and the chocolate coating did not seem over sweet to me, and I usually do not eat many sweet foods. I enjoy chocolate a great deal, however, and if I were craving chocolate, this bar would satisfy that craving. It does not have a rich, full chocolate flavor, however, in spite of its scent; expecting it to taste like just-baked food would be unrealistic, after all.This bar packs 240 calories, 70 of them from fat. Low in cholesterol (2%), sodium (8%), and fiber (4%), it packs 20 grams of protein. It has only 10% of the calcium and 8% of the iron needed in an average daily diet. It is gluten free but processed in a plant that also processes nuts.Consumers who are considering using this product as a meal replacement should take these nutritional issues under consideration. Those on a limited-calorie diet should consider how large a day's allotment goes to this single 2.1 ounce bar.
Something that claims no sugar and is gluten free and packs in 20g of protein translates into a great bar, if you can afford it. It obviously doesn't taste 'sweet' but the chocolaty flavor is quite pleasant and it feels quite 'filling'.Of course, the lack of sugar does not necessarily mean zero carbohydrates. Apparently, it comes with 25g of carbs, 3g of saturated fat and some other goodies. It should be noted that the bars are made in a plant that also processes eggs and, I believe peanuts (that part was covered by some label applied on top of the wrapping). Also worth mentioning that it contains milk, peanuts and soy.I am quite pleased with this and wouldn't mind using it as a snack bar or even as 'lunch'.
I used these bars as a meal replacement over a few different days and think they have a slightly higher quality than many similar products. Unlike some "healthy" bars, I didn't get through eating this one and feel like I wanted or needed another one. Definite plus. I will definitely grab some of these in the future to use as part of my weight management routine.My favorites were Chocolate Espresso, White Chocolate, and Cookies and Cream. All were soft, easy-to-chew and had a really pleasing consistency.
I like most of these if they are not chalky.  This one happens to taste initially like a stale brownie.  Most likely that's because it is gluten free.  But it packs in 20 grams of protein and 230 calories.  So it does fill you up in between meals.This is a good idea if you are traveling or commuting.  It's much better than a high fat fast snack.
The "thinkThin" Chocolate Espresso Gluten Free bar is very tasty - it has the taste of something you know is very good for you.  There are zero sugar grams which made it appealing to me.  The reason I gave this item four stars is due to the cocoa powder sprinkling on the bar, it made it a little messy but not offensively messy.
Lots of gluten-free products contain oats; while I have only very mild trouble with wheat gluten, oats tear me up like you wouldn't believe.  Fortunately, these bars contain no oats.  The ingredients look pretty safe, in terms of my own digestion.The Chocolate Espresso bar has a nice rich cocoa-coffee flavor; surprisingly bitter at first bite, but then the just-right amount of sweetness kicks in.  These bars contain no sugar, so where does the sweetness come from?  Glycerin?  I know that has a sweet taste .. and what is maltitol?  That sounds like it might be an exotic pseudo-sugar.  The nutrition label says the bar contains 25g of carbohydrates (1g dietary fiber, 10g "sugar alcohol" whatever that is, and 11g "other carbs" ... which only adds up to 22, HMMM)  It's the 20g protein that makes this valuable as a grab-n-go breakfast or a handy "trail ration" when real food is not available or convenient.  Eat one of these after you've missed lunch and it will keep you alive til dinner time.It has that typical dense, claylike texture that is the common trait of protein bars everywhere; like a brownie that didn't bake long enough and is too dry.  You can't disguise that doughy mass by coating it with chocolate, nor by including a sprinkling of sodden rice flakes.  There are some "soy crisps" sparsely distributed throughout this particular bar; they come across the palette as small flakes of something that is _supposed_ to be crunchy, without adding any actual crispiness to the experience.  Zone bars are the only ones I've tried that are actually crispy.  These ThinkThins are pretty standard, maybe slightly above average among protein bars in terms of texture, but definitely above average in terms of flavor.Among competing brands, I would buy these if the price was the same ... I like to have a supply of protein bars on hand, but usually I just get the cheapest ones that don't have oats in them.  ThinkThins are kinda pricey, and the flavor - though good - is not good enough to persuade me to pay extra.
I chose this bar as an alternative to the protein bars that I usually buy. It had a very light espresso flavor that was not overpowering. Also, the bar was gluten free but I could not tell a difference between this the other bars that I typically consume, so that added to the enjoyment of it. In short, a good product.
I've had these bars before - my local coffee shop carries them.  I've found them to be quite handy when I need a between-meal pick-me-up.  This flavor was new to me, and it was fine.  I'd have liked a slightly stronger coffee flavor, but it's not a deal-breaker.  The texture of this, and the other bars I've tried, is a little on the grainy side; again, not a deal-breaker for me.  I enjoy the variety of flavors available.  I wouldn't recommend them as a daily meal substitute but you may not agree.
Lets be honest, with all that this bar has (and DOESN'T have) in it, one cant expect a Godiva truffle.Considering this is a convenient once-a-day meal replacer or a good take-a-bite-every-few-hours kind of thing, I'm actually pretty impressed.Also, if you're weaning from sugar, at first this is, well, vile. The good news is that once the sugar crave is under control, these actually TASTE better!25g of carb, 20g protein, means I can forgive the 230 calories. And they really fill you up.
Having been a regular purchaser of the Peanut Butter Think Thin bars, I was curious to try a different flavor.  While the Espresso flavor is tasty and just as filling as the peanut butter, I would definitely take the peanut butter over the espresso.4 stars are for the taste of the Espresso while the Peanut Butter would get 5 stars.
For a mass-produced instant udon, this is probably as good as instant can get. Easy to prepare and self-contained, it makes for an excellent and healthy quick-fix in a pinch. It tastes pretty good and is mostly guilt-free: 100% natural, cholesterol free, virtually fat-free (a measly 1g) and vegan. Traditional udon is made with a fish/seafood extract-based broth. This one is not. The only worry for those with sodium restrictions and high blood pressure is the salt content. One serving is 19% of your daily sodium intake, which is respectable in comparison to other instant noodle products like ramen which are typically 60-80% of your RDI. I'm one of those people who always drinks the ramen and noodle water, even though I know it's not good for me.For the most part, this product delivers on its Japanese authenticity and quality claims. The udon are fairly standard-issue material, factory-made and totally ordinary. They come in a clear vacuum-sealed pouch like those found in other Asian supermarket udon brands and are not worth commenting on much: white, thick, and flavorless like the rest. It is the seasonings, however, that make this product stand out from the dozens I've tried over the years, including my time in Japan. One is a bag of liquid soup base. The other is a freeze-dried block of vegetables. I was impressed by the veggie block. Lower quality brands just use soup powder that is mostly salt and MSG, with maybe some flecks of scallions and carrots. In this soup, I can see and taste the bits of shiitake, spinach, and scallions. As for the other ingredients, they sort of just dissolved into the soup and I didn't notice them. I also didn't see any fried tofu (age-dofu), though I did taste it. The taste of the oil was a bit off, like it was old.Unlike some of the reviewers who said the taste is bland, I do not take issue with this product. Japanese cuisine typically leans towards the neutral to muted side compared to other world cuisines like Thai, Korean, or Mexican. Udon isn't supposed to be pungent or spicy, though you could certainly add fire to your own liking.Preparation:The directions are needlessly complex. You can just skip steps 1 and 2 and achieve the same results. Put everything in the bowl, pour boiling water over it, then loosen the noodles with a utensil and let sit for 2-5 mins. No need to drain or make a mess (some reviewers complained of the awkward cover). I microwaved water in a mug and dumped everything into the mug.Lastly you can feel good about supporting a company that believes in environmental responsibility and sustainable consumerism. The box is made from 100% recycled paper and the bowl is made from a kind of biodegradable cornstarch. You can also reuse the bowl a few times for other things (reusing is more enviro-friendly than recycling). The only reason for giving this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because of serving economy, at almost $3 a pack. It's not filling enough for me (an adult male of average weight). The noodle portion is a bit skimpy and I would need 2-3 times the noodle volume for a full meal. If you're not such a big eater, then I suppose the price is right, given the higher quality ingredients.If you're not in a hurry and want to prepare udon more cheaply, you can buy packs ofMyojo Udon Japanese Style Noodles with Soup Base, Oriental Flavor, 7.22-Ounce Bag (Pack of 15)andKikkoman tsuyu. Then add shrimp tempura, chopped scallions, a raw egg (quail egg is popular in the Kansai region of Japan), Goshoku All Natural Cut Fueru Wakame Seaweed, or your favorite choice of toppings. There are literally thousands of ways to enjoy udon, but one thing's for sure: slurping your noodle is considered normal in Japan, as the box encourages you to do.
Why?  Because the noodles come SOFT, sealed in plastic!  If you are tired of noodles that "crunch" or that have to be reconstituted out of the original cardboard, you are in for a treat!  Available in something like a dozen different varieties, try them all and then subscribe to your favorites in order to get the lowest price.Note: The seasoning comes in a sealed pouch so if you tend to prefer yours less salty or less strong in taste, don't use it all to start.  You can always add more in later.Note: Since the bowl is made partially from cornstarch, it will biodegrade completely so toss it in the trash when you're done without feeling guilty.  (For this reason you should NOT attempt to reuse this bowl like you may have done with other brand instant noodle meals that came in plastic bowls.)Note: Of them all I believe this to be my least favorite flavor.  Why? Because it is the blandest.  I think this was intended to be the one that entices ordinary Americans unfamiliar with Asian foods into sampling their products, but in the process they overdid it, producing a rather boring extremely mild tasting chicken soup with of course their excellent thick, soft, Hokkien noodles.  I'd agree with other reviewers that this is the one you are most likely to want to add things to in order to spice it up.
product comes with its own cooking bowl (which is very convenient and environmentally safe, because it's bio-degradable).Cooking time:  ready in 90 seconds.  The noodles were tasty, vacuum-packed for freshness.  Perfect for a quick lunch when you don't have time for cooking a regular meal.  Recommend adding some chopped onion and red pepper to give it a little more flavor.Annie Chun's brand noodles has several varieties to choose from.
I love these noodles. I think they make a really fast, filling lunch and they are delicious. However, the miso noodles seemed a bit weak to me. But I put in a tsp of soy sauce and it fixed that issue. (I guess they want to hold down on the sodium and I get that.)To make these noodles, you refresh them in hot water, then microwave a freeze dried cube of scallions, seaweed and soup base, along with a packet of white miso (shiro miso) and some water (after you've drained the hot water used to refresh the udon.) That's it. Takes about 2 minutes total. If you have no restrictions on salt, save a packet of soy sauce from Chinese takeout and you can doll up these noodles to suit your taste.I like the texture. They are slurpy and chewy-good. I never even leave a drop of the soup behind.
For a fast, add water and microwave product, the taste and texture of this soup bowl is pretty good.  It is a good snack, but don't depend on it for a main course.  My only complaint is that the noodles tended to be a bit rubbery.
There are a few staples for most office worker, and some sort of easy to heat soup is one of them. Unfortunately, most soup cups are pretty poor; either terrible for you or they taste like paste. Annie Chun's is an exception. The noodles are great by comparison to Ramen noodles. They have a nicer consistency and flavor, and are thicker by comparison. Another plus is that the soup doesn't contain nearly as much sodium as Ramen, meaning it is quite a bit healthier.The miso soup variety is my wife's favorite. I enjoy it as well, but not as much as the not-and-sour variety.
The taste of this is a lot like hot & sour soup, though a lot more light texture on the soup. The noodles are enjoyable, and are stored as a seal pack slightly damp, not actually dried like most shelf self prepare soups.The noodles were either easy to overcook, or are a bit softer than I prefer. Otherwise, I prefer this kit far more to any of the &#34;completely dry noodle&#34; options that don't have a good solid texture due to needing to reconstitute.I will buy again.
As someone who does not drink caffeine, I am always challenged to find a great hot beverage. I picked up some of this tea on a whim because Amazon was having a special on it.  I love it.The tea is wonderfully spiced with a great aroma that makes you feel warm and cozy on a cold winter's night.  And, since it's decaf, I don't have to work about it keeping me awake.
Recently, I've been searching for a good ginger tea. Preferably, something that captures the awesome spiciness and flavor of ginger. After trying the Organic Ginger Aid tea by Traditional Medicinals and being disappointed (see my review on that) I decided to try out this tea instead.  So, how was it?Well, it was good and bad.  It has "Spicy Ginger" in its title, but it's not spicy at all and you can't really taste the ginger.  So in that sense its pretty bad.  However, its still delicious as a tea, and has a very pleasant lemony flavor (probably due to the lemon myrtle).  I don't normally like lemony-tasting teas, but I absolutely loved this one, so that really says something.  Unfortunately, this tea doesn't really satisfy my craving for ginger flavor.  I would recommend it, however, to those who want the health benefits of ginger but hate the taste.  This would be perfect for those sorts of people.I later discovered that you can make an excellent ginger tea by just boiling some fresh ginger root slices in water.  This resulted in excellent spicy ginger tea and was very cheap to make (since ginger roots are pretty inexpensive).  So, I really recommend this method over buying this tea if you just want ginger flavor.  However, I'll still probably buy this tea since I love it's taste so much otherwise.  In fact, if you are just looking for a tasty good tea (and don't care about having ginger flavor) then I recommend you pick this up.  I only wish they'd change the name to something like "Lemon Myrtle Organic Blend" or some such so that it would more accurately describe the taste that buyers are going to get.  Other than that, though, it gets 4/5 stars simply for still being delicious.
This tea has a wonderful orange aroma and the flavor is very good, without the the slightly bitter notes found in most orange flavored teas.  Also, for a caffeine free herbal tea, this one has a very good base flavor and brews quickly.  I don't like many herbals because they take too long to brew and/or taste watered down. This makes a nice hot or cold drink and is a great picker upper for those trying to cut out caffeine.
****Tazo's Calm Herbal Infusion is a nice chamomile tea. I taste the chamomile and some flavorings, and they are not unpleasant, just hard to pin down as to what they are besides the chamomile. In general I'm not a big fan of tea with flavorings added, preferring the subtleness and authentic taste of the real thing.The ingredients in Calm are: chamomile flowers, hibiscus flowers, spearmint, lemongrass, rose petals, blackberry leaves, safflowers, peppermint, sarsaparilla, lemon balm, licorice and natural flavors. It is caffeine-free!Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.On the package, Tazo writes, "a soothing blend of chamomile blossoms and other relaxing herbs." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Calm as "creamy, floral, minty, toasty, sweet, honey-like. As the name gently implies, Tazo Calm has a lovely floral bouquet with an apple-like flavor and distinct toasty notes.  Naturally sweet in a nice light way, with a smooth finish". Tazo describes the aroma as "minty, hay like, rose". I don't taste all of these various flavors, but I do taste the chamomile, and it is fine, not overwhelming or as artificial tasting as several of the other Tazo teas I've sampled.The bulk packaging is a definitely plus, making Tazo Calm much more affordable.I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Calm gets only four stars.****
I have usually ordered my K-Cups direct from Green Mountain, but thought I'd try Amazon's larger package and subscribe/save. The box of 50 works out to about a month's supply of coffee for me, with drinking a couple of cups a day.The taste is good--it's not a strong coffee, for that you need something like Green Mountain Coffee's Extra Bold.Green Mountain Coffee, Dark Magic (Extra Bold) K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig Brewers, 50-countIt's not too heavy of a coffee, but none of the cups I have brewed have been the weak water that a few other reviews suffered from. Bad batches and bad quality control may be the issue.If you double-check the prices and get a good batch, it's a better than average cup of coffee.
I love this stuff. I've tried many, many flavored coffee k-cups over the 5+ years I've had a Keurig machine. This is far and away my favorite flavor, the one I either always have or keep coming back to. I find it does taste like what it says, vanilla and caramel. Most times I use minimal sweetener and creamer, but other times I add a bit more of each to achieve a more dessert-like taste.That said, I wish this were a stronger brew. It wouldn't need to be a dark brew but would be better if it wasn't so light.For now, I'll keep buying and enjoying this until I find something better. Currently, the other flavors I'm using are Island Coconut and Chocolate Donut Shop, but these vary over time to Pumpkin Spice, Wild Mt. Blueberry (also could be a bit stronger), and others.
I recently purchased a Keurig, and I've been experimenting with different k-cup varieties.  One of the samplers I purchased included this Green Mountain Half Caff variety.  Since I'm trying to limit caffeine consumption, it seemed like a match made in heaven.I liked it better than I thought I would.  I'm not fond of overly-roasted brews -- they seem to have a charred/burnt flavor that I really dislike.  This one is pretty smooth, with only a tiny hint of bitterness.  It's nothing that a splash of creamer can't smooth over.I usually drink "high-octane" coffee in the morning, switch to this around noon, and end the day with decaf varieties.  Seems to work.I purchased the 50-count package, so this will last 4-6 weeks for me (1-2 cups per day).  I'm happy with it.
When it has came down to Keurig, they have had a mixed bag at what makes a good cup of coffee from start to finish with their K-Cups. That has also shown with Green Mountain, they have had good cups of coffee that are good, but some could be better.  But when it comes down to the simplest coffees, their Breakfast Blend coffee mix actually works very well. Not only because it is simple, it is honestly one of their best tasting flavors, not just because it is simple, but tastes just as strong as others brands from Maxwell House and Folgers. I actually like it because it tastes great from the first sip to the last. Surprisingly it is one of the best flavors I recommend for the Keurig coffeemakers, and a great starter for any morning.Price: BTaste & Quality: B+Overall: B 1/2+
This looks like the same macaroni and cheese you've been eatig for years, but now there are veggies hidden in the noodles.  I didn't taste a difference and I served it to my family without telling them.  I have four kids between the ages of 2 and 8 and the three who usualy eat mac and cheese ate this up without comment.  Even my husband, who can sometimes be as picky as a kid, didn't notice a difference.  We've been eating the whole grain version and the noodles in those boxes come out a bit firmer.  But even the texture change was pretty subtle.  As I said, none of my family could tell.On the other hand, I couldn't really give it five stars because the neon cheese is still neon cheese.  I stir in about a half a cup of shredded cheese whenever I make it and that really improves the cheese flavor, in my opinion.
The Kraft Veggie Pasta variety of Macaroni and Cheese is virtually indistinguishable, I thought, from their regular version. If you're a big fan of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, or if your kids are, you can buy the Veggie version, and still have the same Macaroni and Cheese that you love. I'm a big fan of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, and I found this to be delicious.Is it actually "healthier?" I'm undecided on that. The main "veggie" ingredient is powdered cauliflower, and that ingredient is fairly low on the list of ingredients, so, I have to wonder how much "veggie" you're actually getting. Still, some "veggie" is better than none, I suppose. And if this is virtually all your kid eats (and I know some kids like that), at least you can feel confident that you're giving them a slightly more healthy alternative.
My kids get mac n cheese every once in awhile with dinner and I loved the idea of a 'healthier' version without making it from scratch myself.  It's just nice to have an easy meal once in awhile.  I could tell it smelled slightly different while cooking as well as the taste was just a little different than the normal kraft mac n cheese.  However, my kids weren't fazed and ate their normal amount.  I'd buy this again if the price was comparable to the regular flavor.  Otherwise, I'd just add my own veggies to it.
Before preparing this, I compared the nutrition labels of the Kraft Veggie (made from Cauliflower based pasta) to a box of original mac & cheese.  Except for a higher percentage of iron and the inclusion of vitamin C, the veggie pasta wasn't significantly different than the original version.  It also had more fat, cholesterol and I believe calories than the oritingal version. The cheese powder seems to be the exact same in both...which is really where the health improvements probably need to be made.  So, if you're choosing this over the original because it's "healthier", you may want to think again.If you're buying it due to an allergy issue...then this might be a better choice.My kids did prefer the taste of the veggie pasta over the original version.  They will eat both though so I predict future purchases will be based on which version is less expensive between these two and the whole wheat variety.  I already know my kids get enough vitamin C and iron each day.I'm giving it four stars because they liked the taste.I'm not giving it a fifth star because the inclusion of "veggie" on the label leads others to believe it's healthier than it really is.
I personally do not like macaroni and cheese, but my daughter loves it, we always have Kraft macaroni and cheese on hand, so I was interested in this product. Unfortunately, I showed her the box and she saw the word VEGGIE. I prepared this for her for dinner tonight and she ate it right up. Upon interrogation, she admitted it was pretty good (even if the word VEGGIE was on the box) and reported that it tasted "about the same" as the regular kind of Kraft macaroni and cheese...
It's a different box, but the ingredients look, smell and taste the same so what's the big deal.  It seems to me that all this is, is the same old product in a new box.  OK, new and improved(?) box. But the inside seems exactly the same and the preparation and taste are the same.  It's sad to think that some one in R&D; at Kraft said, "hey, let's add the word Veggie or Vegetarian or Vegan to that old standby Mac-N-Cheese and see how many people we can fool into thinking that it's a new product".  So I'm cynical...can you blame me.Zeb Kantrowitz
My son absolutely loves Kraft's Macaroni and Cheese but, like a lot of moms, I have mixed feelings about feeding it to him. For one thing, that day-glo orange color scares me... and yet that's one of the things he loves best about it. I've tried other mac & cheese products -- and making it from scratch -- but if it's not that vivid orange, he's just not as happy! Two of my other reservations involve the sodium level, and the stuff's ultimate nutritional void.So, enter Kraft Macaroni and Cheese Vegi Original. Using cauliflower in both the pasta and the sauce, Kraft has managed to accomplish the very same thing I'd been doing (sneaking in veggies), so I do feel better about this version. The bright orange color is there, so my son was happy, too. I hadn't told him I was trying anything new, but judging by the way he wolfed down his meal this tastes the exact same. Of course, that still leaves my sodium concern, and with 28% of the daily allowance in a prepared single serving, there's still quite a bit of salt in here.That said, my husband -- who does NOT like mac & cheese OR cauliflower -- also polished off his plate. In 14 years of marriage, I've never seen him do that. So whatever Kraft's up to, it's good and I'm glad not to have to make two separate dinners anymore!To sum up:PROS:1. A good dose of cauliflower in both the pasta and sauce.2. Same easy to follow instructions as the regular stuff.3. No noticeable change in taste or texture, despite the cauliflower addition.4. One less vegetable serving I have to sneak into a meal.5. Same neon orange color as your kids are used to.CONS:1. Still using 'enriched' flour rather than whole grain.2. Still pretty high in sodium (28% daily allowance per serving).3. Still that same neon orange color your kids are used to.
Kraft Mac & Cheese Vegi original tastes like cauliflower.  You can't see it, but it's there.  And it's delicious.  But then, I like vegetables.  In fact, if I was searching for something good to eat, I would probably cook a box of macaroni alongside a pot of ACTUAL vegetables.  I would certainly get more nutrients that way.It seems as if this product is being marketed toward people who don't get enough vegetables in their diet, and therefore need them to be inserted into something they already eat.  Kind of like V8 Splash.  It's good for you, but it doesn't LOOK like it is! Score!!Yet, Vegi Original still tastes very much like vegetables, so unless the SIGHT of veggies is the only thing that offends you, you're not going to be able to get past the cauliflowery taste.Let's face it, Kraft Mac & Cheese (any kind) is delicious, but unless you prepare it with half the butter and non-fat milk, it's really not very good for you.  Even if there IS "1/2 a serving" of cauliflower thrown in.  You'd be better off just eating your darn vegetables straight up.But hey, Kraft enthusiasts, give it a try.  You might like it more than the original!  I found them to be pretty equal.  Yum.
If you (or your kids or grandkids) like the taste of the REGULAR mac-n-cheese, then they will probably like this one too.  My kids didn't even notice a difference.  It looked and tasted the same as the regular mac-n-cheese.  If, however, you or your kids are not a fan of Kraft Mac-n-Cheese, then you aren't going to like this one either because it is essentially the same.
This was a well priced item so I stocked up. Sometimes my family wants this over the homemade variety.  When I first was married this stuff was 19 cents a box and we ate a lot of it.
Although the boxes are the same size, the new Veggie Pasta from Kraft provides fewer servings than the original.  The Veggie Pasta is 5.5oz while the original is 7.25oz which makes the new, healthier version significantly more expensive.  So while Veggie Pasta tastes just as good while providing more nutrition, I'll keep buying the original version unless there's a good sale on the new one.  Because honestly, the extra nutritional value just isn't enough to make up for the price difference.  Based on the "as packaged" numbers, Veggie Pasta has slightly less cholesterol and sodium than the original:  10mg versus 15mg and 550mg versus 580mg, respectively.  Veggie Pasta also has 15% Vitamin C (a big improvement over the none in the original), an additional 5% in iron, and 2g more dietary fiber.
I tried this box of macaroni out on an unassuming guest, and they said it just tasted like regular macaroni to them. Being a bit more discerning, knowing that I was getting cauliflower flour ground in with my macaroni, I found myself scrutinizing a bit more. I think there was a faint bitter taste that I could detect, but it was perhaps only there because I was looking for it. This is definitely a healthier alternative to that kids wouldn't object to if you've got pickier eaters. There didn't seem to be a discernible difference in texture, taste, or looks.
We thought this was delicious although I'm not really a pasta fan. I didn't really notice any difference in the taste of this new product from the original, which is what Kraft advertises. It is very cheesy and if there are vegetables inside, I suppose it offers a sense that you eating healthier. Of course, adding milk and butter doesn't help much. Nutrition-wise, it contains fewer calories, fat, and sodium per serving.
My family went to eating all whole grains several years ago while doing the South Beach diet. We gave up mac and cheese reluctantly and tried several "other" brands to satisfy the craving. None could compete. If you grew up on Kraft mac 'n' cheese with the bright yellow might-be-cheese sauce, you miss it.  My daughter loves mac but would only get it at "Grandma's" house because I didn't keep it around much.  I was excited to find out about this product, but only to find no local stores who carried it. Thank you, Amazon! It is well worth the price and tastes just like the original, just with a stronger wheat flavor.  I felt the cheese sauce should be made a little stronger to compensate for the strong wheat flavor of the pasta. We don't mind the wheat taste, but some other people aren't as fond of it. If you don't care for the taste of whole wheat pasta, this probably isn't for you. We, however, will definitely reorder.
I served this to my five and seven year old sons, both of whom love mac and cheese. They loved it and didn't notice that it was any different from regular mac and cheese. The vegetable used is cauliflower which doesn't have a strong flavor and is easily masked by the cheese sauce. I know that processed mac and cheese is not the healthiest dinner choice but if you're going to serve it anyway I would assume this version has slightly more nutrients. However, I didn't compare the nutritional label to regular mac and cheese so I don't know that for sure.
As the pasta cooked, I read the box to see what makes this "smmmile, it'sveggie pasta & cheese."  Cauliflower pasta? I'd never heard of such a thing. What a good idea!  (The dinner, on the whole, has two grams fewer of carbohydrates, at 47g carbohydrate, 7g sugar. I was hoping that this would be a good alternative for a diabetic friend, but it won't be.)My only deviation from the recipe on the box was using 1% milk.  I didn't doctor it with extra ingredients or by adding vegetables, because I wanted to taste what it tasted like on its own.It tasted like Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, the stuff that my mom occasionally fed us when we were kids.  The pasta was soft but not mushy. The cheese concoction tastes the same as the standard.Not as good as my friend Meem's homemade - it's not even the same category - but DEFINITELY better than adequate as a comfort food from one's childhood.The other member of my household agreed on all points, including, since "sneaking" vegetables in our household was never an issue, that this would taste even yummier with fresh broccoli or cauliflower in it.More Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, please?
Tasted like the ordinary Kraft Macaroni.I doubt if processed Cauliflower is very much morehealthy as a starch than wheat macaroni?If they had used freeze dried vegetables in themix like in a ramen noodle dinner, it mighthave been more effective?I liked the product anyway.
Kraft Mac & Cheese Vegi is much like the original; so much so that it could be an effective ruse to get the kids to unwittingly have an extra helping of cauliflower.After having some for lunch today, we all agreed that the difference in flavor is nominal. The noodle size seems to be smaller, although it's been a very long time since my wife and I had any mac & cheese at all, so maybe it had changed by now anyway. I do taste the vegi-powder in the mix, but a kid probably would not.Mac & Cheese is never on our menu for a host of reasons (enriched flour being the principal concern), but for the majority of American families, this product would be fine - possibly even a better choice than the original Kraft Mac & Cheese.
As a mom, I am always looking for a way to increase nutritional value of the meals I serve. The Vegi Kraft Macaroni and Cheese tastes just like the original, and looks just like the original product, so it was a simple switch. My kids didn't notice any difference, nor did I enlighten them until the meal was complete. They were surprised to learn the mac and cheese was Vegi, and not the normal blue box I have been serving for years.Beware, though, of the size difference.Instead of the normal 7.25 oz, this product is 5.5 oz, which increases cost per serving. All in all, a successful product!**EDITED TO ADD: 11/13/11 - Since posting this review, Kraft Veggie Pasta Mac and Cheese has become a staple in our home. We are really enjoying this delicious product!
I am someone who mixes pureed cauliflower into my garlic mashed potatoes so I was excited to try this new Veggie Pasta & Cheese from Kraft.  The box is 5.5 ounces so slightly smaller than the regular kind, but the serving size is the same per ounce as the original (70 grams),although the box says there are only two servings in the this box.  I am not sure how many servings are in a regular box.  The stats are pretty much the same as regular except for this has 05.g less saturated fat and 2 grams  more in fiber.In each 1 cup serving there is 1/4 cup worth of veggies (in the form of powdered cauliflower.)  One serving of veggies is 1/2 cup so this will definitely not replace all of your, or your child's, veggie requirements for the day.  You would have to eat the whole box yourself to get just ONE serving of vegetables!  There are lower calorie was to get a serving of veggies!!Now, what you REALLY want to know is does it TASTE good?  Well, yes it does!  It actually tastes no different from the regular.  My son was none the wiser to his regular box being replaced with this Veggie version.  While you are cooking it, you can smell the cauliflower but it is not terribly bad.  Once you mix the cheese packet, butter and milk you can't smell it anymore.So do I recommend it?  Yes.  1/2 serving of veggies is better than none, and since the taste seems virtually the same how can you go wrong.
These Planters peanuts are quite good, but I ordered them without knowing that they contained more than just plain, dry roasted peanuts.  Although theere is no noticeable taste, these peanuts contain sugar, cornstarch, msg, paprika, garlic and onion powder, and other spices.  I have four jars of them and to be honest, I am enjoying eating them, but I would not order them again.  I do a lot of Asian cooking in which peanuts are used quite frequently and I thought I'd save time by not having to open the shells of peanuts bought in a bag, so I took a shortcut in ordering these and it was a mistake.
I realized that I was really wanting the rare peanut in a thick unctuous cloyingly sweet Snickers bar and surprisingly these just sweet enough nuts hit the mark.Woohoo!  There's a faint hint of that peanut brittle flavor but with using much less sugar and somewhat easier on the teeth.BUT I found about ten peanuts in the bottom half that tasted MOLDY which never happened in the 1980s when I last had Planters peanuts.  :P
Planters has been in the industry of peanuts and nuts for a long time that by now they got a very reliable product. These Peanuts do not disappoint. They are crunchy, flavorful and not oversalted (though probably they are?) but like I said they are nice to have around the house. I like to ground these peanuts to almost powder and mix them on some dishes and they never disappoint. Well deserved 4 Stars!
These are yummy peanuts! Roasted peanuts covered with a sweet and crunchy crust. Unique flavor. Sinfully rich in calories: 18 peanuts make one 1 oz serving and have 140 calories. And they are so savory that it is easy to eat 2 or 3 servings at a time.But the redeeming factor is that crust comes apart from a lot of the peanuts in the can and if you don't eat the separated crust than you do not get as many calories.
Do you like snacks with heat? That are also pretty healthy for you? If so, try this!Planter's peanuts are a staple in our family. This is a Planter's product that ups the ante. The ingredient list is somewhat vague, but chili pepper is on that list. And, boy, does one get a sense of that when eating this product. Many products claim to be spicey biut are bland as all get out. This ain't bland! The heat is real and that makes this peanut product a lot of fun.So, if you want a fairly healthy diet with a kick, try this. . . .
Enjoy the size of jars..works well for parties.  The peanuts are alittle less "honeyed" than I expected..taste good.  Nice treat for the lunch bag!
These walnuts were fresh and tasty, perfectly happy with them.  The price was OK, not great, but the nuts are good so 4 stars from me for this one.  I would purchase again.
I bought this 9-ounce can of Planter Cashews (halves and pieces) at my local Grocery store. Good product. The taste is excellent, although a bit too salty for me. They were nice and fresh and tasty and didn't last nearly long enough. Next time it will be a bigger size package.Halves and pieces. Hmmmm. Where and how do they get all the broken cashews? I couldn't find a single non-broken one. Oh well, I guess that's truth in labeling. But, how do they all get broken? Is there someone in charge of breaking them as they come down the production line? If they're accidentally broken and won't sell for as much as the non-broken ones, why isn't the price cheaper? Oh well, does it really matter? Once they're in my mouth, all will get broken.Gary Peterson
In my experience sea salt seems to be more of an allergen that regular salt. After all, think about what we've been doing to our global waters forever. Even before there was industrial pollution there was natural pollution. Well, maybe my imagination is too, um, vivid.These cashews are sweet and tender and tasty. I can justify the salt because I use them primarily in a trail mix to which I would add a tad of salt if there weren't any being contributed by an ingredient.A friend of mine received a can of these with one of Planters' machine parts included. Ugh. I realize it's her problem and suggested she write a review herself, but she's not into reviews so I'm mentioning it. It seems Planters had no concern about this unpleasant addition and she was not pleased when they sent her a coupon for exactly one free replacement can.
All I can say is that once opened, it goes fast, yummmmm. If the price is right, I would buy this again and of course, will share with family.
We've been using Splenda for several years now. Mostly it goes in my husband's coffee, and he is satisfied with it. If he's happy, I'm happy.
Splenda is a very good sweetener for beverages like coffee or iced tea. It has no calories and no carbohydrates either. It uses sucralose as a sugar substitute.I usually prefer Sweet And Low for my sweetener; but when I can't get my hands on that Splenda is a fairly good substitute. Splenda is my second choice (along with Equal) because it's not quite as sweet as Sweet And Low. On the other hand, if you prefer a non-sugar sweetener that's not too sweet or potent, then Splenda would be a good choice for you.Splenda is a powdery white substance. Just open the individual packet or packets and pour it in to your beverage. It is probably quite good for certain recipes as well. They say you may prefer to use the granular form of Splenda for recipes but if you don't have that handy these packets will do. Keep the individual packets in the box they come in or you can put them into any container you wish.Overall, Splenda is a good choice for a sweetener substitute for sugar. It isn't quite as potent as Sweet And Low; that can be a good or bad thing depending on how sweet you like your beverages or recipes. I myself prefer the taste of Sweet And Low. Of course, you can always add a little more Splenda to make the drink or recipe a bit sweeter.Four stars.
The soup itself was excellent -- a nice, well-tasting mix of meat, veggies and wild and white rices, but surely a few more chunks of chicken could have been added. I bought it at local grocer -- two cans for $4.
This is a good soup -- there is no doubt.  The corn, carrots and potatoes are plentiful (no skimping on ingredients in the cans I've tried).  Together, the ingredients make a thick and hearty soup that is perfect for a cold winter day.  I did not feel the need to add salt -- the corn is not bland in flavor and the soup already has a lot of sodium. Moreover, I felt no need to add crackers.  The soup can hold its own.Some posters have noted that this soup has a high level of fat.  It does -- 13g per one cup serving.  Fat, of course, is not bad in moderation.  In my quest for the perfect corn soup, however, I have found an alternative option. It is worth noting here for those who may have particular dietary considerations.  Imagine foods makes an organic sweet corn soup that has 3g of fat per 1 cup serving. The soup comes in a boxed container and is just a corn base.  There are no special flavorings. As a base, it is a good corn soup but when you add several cups of frozen corn kernels (and cooked potatoes if you have the time and desire), you can have a soup just as hearty and delicious as Wolfgang Pucks but with less fat and calories.  This option does require about five minutes more of your time (if only adding frozen corn).  Wolfgang Puck's soup is quick -- in two minutes you have a steaming bowl of great corn soup and you don't have to wait for kernels to thaw.If you are not looking closely at fat (or eat fat it in moderation) and want something quick, this soup is great.  If you are looking for a healthy alternative, I would take a little more time and build a hearty soup using the organic sweet corn soup from Imagine.
One of the original "healthy" mass market bars and perhaps still one of the healthiest and tasiest despite the High Fructose Corn Syrup.Prepackaged granola bars are convenient: they are neatly packaged in a wrapping that keeps your hands clean and the bar from melting into your bag. Plus, they keep longer than a homemade bar.  The Nature Valley Oats 'n Honey bar is still one of our backpacking and snack-on-the-go staples for this reason.  We also like that they are all oat and have no crisped rice fillers that many other bars have. We also use this broken up over yoghurt or over cooked fruit to add variety when camping.One thing we did notice recently is that the ingredients list is different for same product in different packaging.  Some list pecan flour and other nut flours while others dont.  While all their different products may be manufactured in the same facility and cross contamination is expected, there IS a big difference as to whether actual ingredients are added to the mix.While there may be tastier options out there and healthier options, the Nature Valley line is the most widely available and the most versatile bar.
These have a denser oatmeal flavor than most granola bars - in a good way.  The first bite makes it seem that they are not sweet enough but then that is followed up with an almost too sweet after-flavor.  There is good flavor separation between the honey and the brown sugar (syrup) that is used.  There are two bars in each foil and that is the serving size so you seem to get a lot of bang for the buck (180 calories). I bet it would make a great topping for baked apples . . . . .
These bars are perfect to slip in a pocket or bag to take to work, workout, hike, roadtrip, whatever. I don't know anybody who doesn't love them. They are hard and crunchy, 100% natural, and taste a lot less like a candy-bar than traditional soft and gooey granola bars. Buying in bulk here on Amazon, makes a lot of sense, as they price very competitively when I compared the price to my local grocery store.
This is a great tasting product, however, it is unfortunately NOT an all natural product as they would lead you to believe. It is a shame that so many manufacturers have started using high fructose corn syrup in their products. Any nutritionist, particularly those dealing with diabetics, will tell you without exception what high fructose corn syrup does to  elevate your blood sugar. It is a manufactured product they would have you believe is completely safe, but look at the incidence of diabetes in this country. Why is the the first ingredient the nutritionist say to completely avoid. It is worse than sugar in what it does to the blood sugar and I can't even get into the ways it helps to create obesity. Too bad, I also stopped drinking Arizona and Lipton iced tea product for the same reason. Hello, out there!! There are natural sweeteners like stevia and xlitol that are truly GOOD for you!!! Why is high fructose corn syrup actual banned in several countries, including Canada? Could it be that the pharmaceutical companies helped to develop and expand the use of this product so they could sell more drugs????? Many foreign countries that pay for universal healthcare must think so. Why else would they ban it to reduce their medical costs?? Hello FDA. Where the heck are you???
These bars are very crunchy so you won't feel cheated in the chewing department.  They do crumble a lot so you will make a big mess eating them, it's unavoidable.  the only complaint is they can't keep them together.  They begin crumbling before you even touch the package.  They taste good for Granola and if it not for the mess I would prefer them over other bars.
Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars are delicious and are my treat of choice when serving my grandchildren, instead of other snacks without any nutritional value. The Oats 'N Honey version seems to work best for those under 5 years old, as there are no nuts, which, for some reason, offends my 4 year old granddaughter (she will eat around pieces of almond and the like!). Perhaps it is just something difficult for her to chew.Yes, these bars do contain some processed sugar, however, they are definitely a healthier alternative to cookies, cakes, and rice crispies treats. Oh yes, and I like them, too! They are quite good with a cup of coffee or tea.
Not much to say here except these bars are hard and crunchy with a very nice nutty, whole grain flavor.  Two come in each packet.  They are rather small so one tends to eat both bars in the packet.  My three boys, aged six and under love them.  They are, however, a bit messy to eat, as they tend to fall apart as one bites into them.  Nature Valley is part of big corporate America.  If you judge a granola bar by its taste, though, you should consider these ones.
Nature Valley has a pretty wide variety of granola bars to offer, but I've never had a chewy bar of their's until I had this Trail Mix kind. Mixed (although mostly positive) results ensued...Fruit, good. Nuts, good. Chewy, not that great. The consistency is quite sticky, and frankly a bit tough on your teeth. You shouldn't have to channel the force of a shark's bite to enjoy a granola bar.Consistency aside, the flavor is great. It has raisin and cranberry fruitiness to pair with almond and peanut nuttiness. And of course there are oats and rice. The fruit flavors aren't overly sweet and it's not like you're eating a handful of nuts either. It's trail mix in bar form really, and Nature Valley has that right. And with 25 grams of carbohydrates and 14 grams of sugar per bar, these would be good for outdoor activities demanding energy.
I shared a box of these with my family and though we all enjoyed them, we uniformly thought they were about as good as the other brands. I.E they were very good quality, quite filling for a small serving and reasonably tasty but nothing really stood out about them.I thought they were a little bit drier than other similar bars but satisfying and still chewy enough for my tastes!Bottom line, they don't stand out from the crowd but are still good value, great quality and I would buy these anytime!
I enjoy these bars, they make a nice snack. They taste great and are not as high in calories/fat/carbohydrates as a candy bar. You can feel good about snacking on these instead, and the kids like them too. I keep one in my purse just in case I need to eat and the only thing available is a vending machine. These also stay with you longer for some reason.
Nature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bars, have a wonderful flavor and they are good for you too. I pick these up whenever I get the chance. They make a tasty snack or can be used as a meal supplment.I highly recommend them.
These bars are convenient for hiking.They are very crunchy and crispy. Be careful of biting into pecans, especially if you have any bonding or cosmetic work done on your teeth.Unfortunately, my two front teeth are capped, when biting into a pecan proved to hard, I bit off the hard piece with my side teeth. The package does say "chewy", but I didn't find them of chewy consistency.They are very, very sweet, due to the high corn fructose and honey,a little too sweet to be a favorite for me. Though I'm sure many people will favor them for the sweetness.Compared to Quaker's Simple Harvest which is just delicately sweetened and less hard,I'd choose the latter for myself. This only my feeling though.
Both my husband and I enjoyed these bars.  Just the right amount of fruit to make the sweetness satisfy but not overpowering to make you feel like you are eating another sugar coated/sweetened bar. The chewy part was a bit too chewy for me.  I have a full upper denture and it was difficult to bite into some of the harder portions of the bar. Nature Valley does know how to do trail mix,though!
The Nature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bar (Fruit and Nut variety) is a typical, but decent entry in the world of snack bars.  There a a few traces of raisins and cranberries in the bar, but it is dominated by oats (as expected) and rice, with a few bits of almonds and peanuts thrown in.  At least in my samples, I was surprised to see more sunflower seeds in the mix than nuts, but it not enough to detract from the product.  And as advertised, the bar is chewy, but luckily not sticky or overly sweet.I'm having a hard time coming up with a word that describes the taste of the bar other than "typical."  There is not enough of any one product, either fruit or nut or sunflower seed, to change the taste from that of the oats, rice, and honey that make up a majority of the product.  And as noted above, the honey used to hold the bar does not make the product overly sweet.  In this case "typical" isn't a bad thing, it just keeps me from giving the highest rating to the product.Overall, an acceptable product with a pleasant but not-quite-memorable taste.
The timing for receiving this product was great because I got home at 1:30 and needed a tideover until dinner.  Watching my weight, I'm counting calories and am not concerned at all about whether the product is pristinely healthy for me.  Nature Valley is a good brand overall in this respect, but I'm more concerned about what the product tastes like and whether it satisfies.  Here are my findings; it's mildly chewy, kind of sticky, has some real nuts and raisins but mostly rice/granola, subdued taste, and a filling 140 calories.  It did not particularly remind me of trail mix.  Cost wise, because I'm also watching my budget, I will be keeping the price per bar at $1 or less.
These are an excellent substitute for a candy bar or a cookie--- they have protein and fiber, and the good stuff like anti-oxidants that come along with the whole plant foods they're made of. They taste pretty good, have nice crunchy nuts, won't crumb all over your car or shirtfront, and aren't so chewy your jaw aches and you worry about your dental work--in fact, they are not overly chewy at all--more soft and slightly gooey--just enough to stick the stuff together-- than chewy like caramel. They also have about two thirds of the calories of a regular candy bar, but with the fiber and protein, may well keep you satisfied at least as long!They do have quite a bit of sugar compared with the healthier snacks dietitians love, like peanut butter on whole wheat crackers (although for 140 calories, you wouldn't get much of those), or an apple and a piece of string cheese (again, more calories, but probably better for you). For shelf-stable, portable, grab-and-go, these are pretty healthy, all things considered.
This is in the category of the pseudo granola bars that are closer to a candy bar than a health food.  Sort of like sports drinks are more like a soda than a truly healthful drink.  If you're ok with that, then flavor-wise, this is a good tasting bar.  But if you are looking for something healthful, this isn't it.  Look for a granola bar that has protein and fiber content (in grams) about equal to the sugar content; for instance the Kashi TLC bars fit this (about 5g of each).  By contrast, this bar has 13g sugar, 1g fiber, 3g protein.
We definitely enjoyed these trail mix bars.  My favorite are the sweet & salty ones, but these were definitely better than your average hard and flaky granola bar.  Much more like the fancy ones at the health food store.It's got mostly healthy, good ingredients to it, though I don't know what high maltose corn syrup is...  sounds like a slight variation of high fructose corn syrup, and probably just as unhealthy.
I work behind a desk 8-10 hrs/day so this is a nice snack before lunch or in the afternoon to tide me over.It packed a crunch along with a chewy bite. I could taste the nuts, raisins and even cranberries with each bite.And yes as with the other reviewers, I agree a lot of sugar.So wouldn't recommend regularly but every now and then to take the pang of hunger away before your next meal.
The good news is that these bars taste good and have a pleasing texture.  They don't have a lot of calories -- just 140 per bar -- but the bar is on the small side.I doubt I would order these again, despite them being enjoyable to eat.  The problem is that there just isn't much nutrition in these bars beyond the carbohydrates (sugars).  Only 3 grams of protein and 1 gram of fiber per bar.  As long as you understand that you're going to be eating something that derives over 70% of its calories from carbs, you might enjoy this snack.  I would recommend a more protein dense bar, however.
This review is specifically about the Cranberry and Pomegranate flavor. It's just my opinion: I think granola bars should not be so hard to chew that teeth are in danger. These SAY chewy but I find them too hard, and certainly too crisp compared to some of the other formulations.I feel that the taste is quite good although I am no fan of pomegranate. This particular flavor is gluten free; I can attest to that, having celiac disease and being able to eat these without that most distinct and unpleasant reaction.But how to break them up so my teeth aren't in danger of chipping? A hammer, maybe? Nope, too soft for that and yet too hard to chew... my solution is to buy the Fruit and Nut flavor, which I like very much and find softer.
This is a tasty and convenient snack to carry along. I usually bring these with me when I go golfing. Each bar contains 25 grams of carbs, so avoid these if you are on a low carb diet. If you want fiber, then you should probably try one of the fiber-enriched bars, as these contain only 1 gram of fiber. But each bar does have a nice assortment of nuts; almonds, peanuts and sunflower.Coincidentally, I received these from Amazon on Earth Day, and was therefore a little more conscious of how these are packaged. You could easily fit at least two more bars in the box. But we all know the manufacturer wants it to appear that you are getting more than you really are, hence the bigger box.Worth a try!
Great bars.  Not chemically like some chewy bars are.  Typical Nature Valley Quality.  Good granola, nut and fruit flavor.  My 4 year old loves them!
I recently purchased a couple of different flavor Larabars locally when they were on sale and they were all totally delicious! This one is chewy and crunchy, a little bit tart and not overly sweet. I love that they only have 5mg of sodium and that I know what all the ingredients are (dates, cashews, almonds, lemon juice concentrate and natural lemon flavor). I have tried to imitate them at home and cannot quite get them right. A really nice mid-afternoon pick me up.
There is an odd taste to these, but it isn't bad really.  I think they are a nice alternative to a full on candy bar and make for a great snack.
Well, if you are following the "only eat processed foods with five ingredients or less" rule, this product, Larabar's "cherry pie" fits the bill.  There are three ingredients: dates, almonds, and cherries.As a sports snack, it has 200 calories (70 from fat), 5g protein, and 5g fiber.  It's not a high protein bar for muscle building, but it does have the calories for glycogen replacement.It's not really crumbly or melty, so it transports well.  And if you are looking for a gluten-free, dairy-free, soy-free, vegan snack, this may be for you.  Most of us will snarf it down in about 4 bites.  If you need something that takes longer to eat, look elsewhere.
I really love these.  They are fruity and tasty.  I received them fresh.  The only problem with buying such a big bag, is that you must put them in something to keep them fresh if you are not going to eat them right away.  These are also nice to fill canning jars and put a bow on them to give as inexpensive gifts.
Since you can't hand out unwrapped candy at Halloween, what can you do with five pounds of Gummi Bears? That many would make me sick if I eat them over the course of a month! Anyway, these are the Haribo Gummis, as good as gummi or gummy bears get. Maybe if you had a Gummi Bear party. How do they go with Mai Tais?
Just like everyone else here it seems, I first experienced Haribo's magic in Germany.  I was at a train station and I needed a quick snack, so I bought a little bag of the Gold-Bears.  Ever since I ventured to find them in the States, but couldn't.  A few years ago, however, I noticed them popping up in their little bags, and had to buy one.While they're still the best gummy bears Stateside, I was a bit disappointed since they were harder than I had them in Deutschland.  But that's understandable, as I'm assuming they're imported from Germany, and gummy bears really can't retain their freshness for long when traveling across the sea, and then sitting on a store shelf waiting for someone to buy them.  They're not hard-hard like some of the other gummy bear brands you'll find here; they're just harder than in Europe.The flavors are strong and fantastic, and I have to stop from eating so many gummies at once for fear of my jaw getting sore--but they're so good!The 5lb bag is a great deal, but just be sure no one else is around.  I already had a bunch of co-workers coming up to get some, assuming they'll last forever since it's a large bag.  After ordering this about 2 weeks ago, I'm already having to consider reordering a second bag!
Raspberry Chiptole? Sign me up! I've been waiting to do this review until I really got into this sauce and I find myself using it more than I ever expected. I treat it like a lean meat flavor enhancer and use it on certain things. Mind you, expecting this to work on hamburgers or veal is expecting too much. This fruity sweet sauce has a slow burn from the chipotle. I am a spice nut and I didn't find this too spicy at all - mind you, I have no problems with jalape&ntilde;os or habaneros or fiery BBQ sauces, so if you cant take most spices, you might find this to have a bit more heat than you expect. I recommend this to marinade chicken in or slather on pork chops.
This Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle sauce is sweet and smoky, just like it says.  There's some bite too it; not too much to overpower the raspberriness, though.  I've used it now with both steak and chicken and have to note the following:1) It's pretty sweet, and this high sugar content means that it can turn to carbon pretty quickly.  For that reason, I have learned that the best way to use this is to barbecue your meat almost to completion, than put some on top of the meat and let it cook a minute or two more, without turning over the meat.2) A little gives a lot of flavor.  You don't want to overdo it.3) Add a little to your plate to swish your meat around in.  Delicious.4) Great on sour cream, with rice crackers.  Again, you don't need much.I'd recommend this and I'll definitely buy it again.  One caveat, though - a pack of six 20 ounce bottles will last you quite a while.
Now, the actual sauce is quite good.. sweet, but a little spicy. The reason for the 4-star - I just can't come up with many things to use this in..so it sits in my refrigerator. It is good on chicken - you pour it over the chicken and bake it - but it's a little too spicy for my children, so it's only good for me.So pretty good flavor (not outstanding IMO), but that's where it ends. Maybe I'm just not creative?
I have always been a picky eater. I am notorious for not liking things, or even trying things. However, this product was somewhat interesting to me so I decided to give it a shot. As a manner of personal taste and preference I didn't  quite care for it all that much, but that is to be expected really. Yet, several things hat were made with this sauce were greatly enjoyed by family members.Our first order of business was to figure out just what this sauce could be used for as none of us had ever cooked with it before. A quick internet less at the maker's website ([...]) offered up a plethora of ideas to perk up even the most picky eater.Some of the uses are meat, poultry, salads, dips... the possiblities are really endless we found. This sauce adds a smokey, somewhat hot, sweet flavor to whatever you use it with. To me it was a little to sweet on the beef, but others seemed to enjoy it and said it was a rather unique flavor.So, in the end, if you are a slightly more adventourous eater than myself, this may be something worth looking into. For those picky eaters, you are probably better off sticking to what you know you like.
Fischer & Wieser's Roasted Raspberry Chipotle (Razzpotle) Sauce is a surprisingly tasty and pleasant blend of sweet raspberries and spicy chipotle chile peppers.  I use the word 'surprisingly' because normally I'm not a big fan of foods or sauces that are too much on the sweet side.  But in this instance the sweet flavor worked for me, probably because it was more of a fruit sweetness than a purely sugary sweetness (although it should be noted that sugar is indeed the first listed ingredient).When tasting this sauce, the raspberry is overwhelmingly what I experience first.  And it's a very nice raspberry flavor, not dry or stale tasting at all.  It tastes exactly how a raspberry-based sauce should be.Immediately after the raspberry, the chipotle peppers kick in, giving the sauce a very satisfactory bite.  It's not hugely spicy -- not hot enough that you'll be running to stick your mouth under the cold water tap -- but tangy enough for it to possess a certain edge.The combination of raspberry and chipotle peppers is something I've only had a few times before, and I don't recall ever having them combined in the same sauce.  However, the two flavors work very well together and Fischer & Wieser have done a great job of letting both ingredients retain their individual flavor while still bringing out something new in their combination.
Taken alone Razzpotle has quite a kick.  It has comes across as having a light fruit flavor that is followed by a fairly powerful burst of spice.  Though not as hot as Tabasco or Lousiana hot sauce, it nevertheless lets you know you've embarked on a unique taste sensation.  I've had hot curry (number 8), and I'd say that Razzpotle scores about a 6 on the spiciness scale (is there a scale of spicyness?  :-)I have tried Razzpotle over creamed cheese as a dip for crackers (extra good, and my favorite use so far).  I also tried it on omlets (good, but not great), and as a topping for quesadillas, also a good option.  My wife likes it even more than I do - she's more of a fan of spicy food than me, but Razzpotle was a hit at our house.If you like food with a kick, then Razzpotle is probably for you.  I'm sure it would be good as a topper for a variety of foods, but I still like the dip the best, and normally I don't much care for spicy foods.I hope this was helpful.
That was my initial reaction, at least, to two food types that seemed to have no business getting together.  I was wrong.  This product is very tasty, and a bit zesty-spicy.  I tried it three ways: (1) as a salad dressing (a 1:1 mix with balsamic vinegar as suggested in the little recipe pamphlet attached to the bottle), (2) as a topping on baked pork chops, and (3) poured over cream cheese and spread on crackers as an hors d'oeuvre.  All three were quite good - I liked the cream cheese spread the best, and the dressing the least because it was the spiciest of the three.  The roasted raspberry flavor predominates this sauce, and that's fine with me - it has a very fresh fruity flavor. Is it worth the price (over $8 for a 20-ounce bottle)?  Well, that's debatable, but I have to say it impressed me, and I'm looking forward to using it in other more creative ways.
This is an unusual tasting marinade.  The sweet & tart of raspberry, and the tangy bite of the chipotle peppers.  We used this with a batch of pork country style ribs - slowed cooked for 6 hours.  The ribs were excellent.My one criticism is that the sauce might be just a tad too sweet for my personal tastes - otherwise I would have given 5 stars.
This sauce is a wonderful blend of sweet and spicy.  It's quite good on turkey sandwiches or chicken quesadillas.But I really don't like having the raspberry seeds in the sauce.  They're just a little too much "texture" for a sauce.
I was kind of leary of trying this sauce because I am not really a fan of "fruity" flavors, but I found that I really loved the taste.It is is perfect blend of sweet/sour and has a kick of spice.I highly recommend it, especially if you are tired of the same old flavors.
Since several people expressed concern about the seeds in the sauce, I thought I'd try it as a salad dressing, where I figured the seeds would be less bothersome. I was pleasantly surprised by the taste of the dressing, the chipotle gave an interesting twist on the raspberry flavor. I don't think this is a dressing that I would want to have every night, but it is a great break from the usual and adds a fun twist to an everyday meal. I'm looking forward to trying this as a marinade, I think it will pair very well with chicken or steak!
I do not like raspberries.  I requested this more for the raspberry-loving members of my family, but much to my surprise, found this sauce to be quite addictive.  We are still experimenting with different combos of foods (pork, beef, chicken, turkey --- all wonderful) and even some different condiments (an accidental mixing of this sauce with mustard was a huge hit at our superbowl party).  The pleasantly controlled heat does not overwhelm the flavor, nor does one feel dominated by the sweetness of the berries.  It is strong enough so that a little bit goes a long long way.  We will be sure to get more when this bottle runs out!
The other day a few of my friends and I were debating our favorite variety of hot sauce, since thanks to the era of customized, personalized, individualized products there are more than a few brands and variants. A few years ago, chipolte peppers became the ingredient to put in just about anything from condiments to cans in adobo sauce. As someone who loves Tobasco's Chipolte variety and not too long ago bought a jar of raspberry chipolte pepper jam, I was happy to try a bottle of Fischer & Wesier Razzpolte sauce.I tried it using a recipe included on the bottle, using it as a marinade/ wet rub on pork tenderloin to roast it in the oven, though I used it on two thick cut boneless pork loin chops. The sweet and spicy sauce kept the pork moist and made for a quick dinner. The chipolte provides the slow burn and works well against the raspberries and jalape&ntilde;os. Worth a try and quite versatile.
I like the flavor and texture of this product. Its also an extremely versatile item in the kitchen for meats and appetizers. I found that is was particularly good on pork chops, where the raspberry flavor really complemented the meat and brightened up the flavor. I thought it was even more fun to use it as an appetizer - spread over a thin layer of cream cheese on a dinner or serving plate (not too thick of a cream cheese layer) with a side of pretzels or wheat thins. I couldnt stop eating it. I think the price could be a tiny bit lower, but I do think its worth it. Quality product.
This sauce is very delicious. Depending on taste you might need to use very little unless you like things sweet. The sauce is versatile as you can use it on many dishes. The included recipe book was great. The pork recipe was one of my favorites. I still have over half the bottle and I thought it would not last that long.
Whether you're preparing an appetizer, side dish, main course or dessertFischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, 20-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)is a wonderful item to have on hand.I originally ordered this without realizing that it did contain seeds.  Unfortunately I am the type that buys seedless jams, so I was definitely worried that I wouldn't like it.  Upon receiving my order, it looked as though it was a very minimal amount so I decided to give it a try.  Wanting to use recipes that have been tested with this sauce I headed to the Fischer & Wieser website.  There I found three different ones that looked good and would allow me to taste the range of possibilities for this particular sauce.My first choice was raspberry creamed chicken for dinner and it was delicious! The flavor was very nice and I think the cream toned down some of the chipotle's heat which my son wouldn't have normally liked.  Then for dessert we decided to go easy and drizzle some onto vanilla ice cream.  Simple, but tasty when combined together.  The other recipe I will try soon is the raspberry chipotle cheese ball.  It's a take on the sauce poured over cream cheese that everyone has mentioned, but this mixes both together and then you roll it in nuts.  I'm taking it to a super bowl party and hope that it'll be an instant hit. *Edit 2/2/09 - Okay it was a hit!  Everyone asked me what was in the cheese ball and they were all surprised when I said it was just cream cheese and the Razzpotle sauce. I used a soup bowl lined with saran wrap for the mold and then after it was chilled to firm up, I covered it with toasted chopped pecans - So easy!Overall this is a very versatile sauce that I will continue stocking in my pantry.  At first the price seemed a bit high, but when I thought about the price of fresh raspberries I changed my mind. The only thing keeping me from giving this sauce 5 stars would be those seeds!  Although they didn't bother me enough to keep me from eating it, it was enough to say there is room for improvement in my opinion.
While there are seeds, they are not as hard as expected, still I would like to see a seedless version.The Razzmatazz Margarita recipe was a bit much for me, this sauce has very strong flavors that can be a bit overwhelming when not held in check with the rest of the dish. The other recipes available here [...] are all great.The sauce pairs extremely well with chocolate and red wine flavors.For a simple gourmet addition to holiday or pregame snacks, pour a little of the sauce over a block of cream cheese and let guests spread on Triscuit crackers.
I mean that in both ways, in that it is extraordinary in its flavor, and that I really do not want to use it everyday.I have tried it in a number of the recipes that are listed on the maker's site: the Razzmatazz Margaritas and the grilled salmon are particularly good, as is the quick and easy cracker snack with cream cheese. Having said that I find that the 20 oz bottle tends to last us a good while (unless we are entertaining a bunch &lt;g>).Bottom line is that I find it a welcome change of pace from other seasonings and sauces, but not an everyday affair.P-)
A friend had recommended F & W's Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle sauce so I was more than happy to give it a try.  The main ingredients are: Sugar, red raspberies, jalape&ntilde;o, apple cider vinegar, water, pectin, chipotle, garlic, salt, spices, and natural smoke flavor.This sauce is made in the good ol' USA (Texas) and is intended to be used as a "hot sauce", e.g., poured over cooked meat dishes, mixed with balsamic vinegar to create a chipotle salad dressing, and also as a chip dip/salsa.  However, the possibilities are endless using one's imagination.My family and I first tried the Razzpotle as a steak sauce (mixed it with some A-1).....muy delicioso!!!  Classic steak sauce taste is livened up with a nice smoked and spicy raspberry zing.  Then I mixed the Razzpotle with some Pace's picante salsa and the tortilla chips just disappeared right from the table.  I would consider the "spicy hot" level as medium; not searing hot as some freshly prepared salsa from local markets but certainly has enough bite to it to waken up the taste buds.  The Razzpotle is certainly worth a try for anyone seeking a unique, smoked, spicy, sweet, and sour hot sauce.
This Razzpotle sauce is definitely a bit pricey for my budget, but it is very tasty! Given my druthers, I would like it more if the raspberry content was reduced just a tad. Nevertheless, I've tried it on several foods and it goes well with all of them: baby-back ribs, grilled chicken, pork tenderloin, pork chops, chicken stir fry, burgers, fish...my kids even like dipping pretzels and French fries in it! Recommended if you like a sweet, smokey sauce to go with your food. I wish it was priced a little bit lower, but a little does go a long way.
In the past, I'd tried this sauce mixed with cream cheese using a recipe included with the bottle.  I didn't know what the mixture was at the time, but I couldn't stop spreading it on my crackers at a Christmas party.For this 'review', I ate a spoonful of the stuff with a clean palette.  A la carte it tastes a lot like your typical Chinese food sweet and sour sauce, but with a very spicy Chipolte punch.  Definitely best when mixed with a lighter taste, like a soft cheese or bread, or even when spread sparingly on meat.  The Chipolte bite is fairly strong, so gringo buyer beware!  Very good though, and an excellent addition to your refrigerator condiment shelf.
The Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle sauce is an interesting and versatile ingredient, great for marinating meat, creating salad dressings, or making snack dip.Don't be afraid of the chipotle portion of the name - it's vastly overshadowed by the sweetness of the raspberry.  For that reason, I recommend using it with saltier meats like pork and beef versus chicken or fish.  There's even a great pork tenderloin recipe on the bottle.Mixed with a strong vinegar, it makes a great salad dressing - the chipotle adds a little extra surprise vs. your everyday raspberry vinaigrette without being overpowering.You can also use it as flavor for a snack dip.  Mixed with a smooth cheese, the sauce delivers a smoky aftertaste on top of the sweet and spicy layers.
This sauce was used ontacos and my spouse loved it, I did not. I think on the right food it maybe good, but remember it is sweat and hot.
I gave it 4 stars since, I love hot and sweet combo that really comes thru in this sauce. This is a hot sauce similar in heat to hot Jalapenos. The seeds made my family hate this.  So this is a selective taste item, if you can stand the crunchy seeds, and love hot and sweet you will like this. I would have loved the flavor on fish, but the crunchy raspberry seeds make it unacceptable as they take away from the smooth texture of the fish.
This stuff has a great flavor and is made with real ingredients...but actually using it will likely be a love-it/hate-it.  Just dipping into the jar, the spicy raspberry flavor was really nice...  but I never could get used to my meat tasting like spicy raspberry.  Same deal with crackers...So...great flavor, and if your taste buds aren't as stubborn as mine, it'll probably go over pretty well.  Otherwise, it has a great flavor with nowhere to put it.
Though I've tried many "hot sauces" over the past decade or two, this was only my second excursion into the sweet but hot variety of products.  The first, Robert Rothschild Farm Roasted Pineapple & Habanero Dip (not for sale yet on Amazon) is extraordinary.  This product, Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, is almost as good.I place this product one star down from perfection because to my taste the heat is a  tiny bit overwhelmed by the raspberry sweetness, and also because the raspberry seeds can on occasion become an annoyance.  But this is still a great product to serve on a cracker by itself, on a cracker with cream cheese, or use as an enhancement to any number of chicken, beef, or pork dishes.  I'm very happy that I got to sample a bottle.
I tried this on grilled chicken and it was very good. It was mostly sweet with a little spicy kick to it. I wouldn't call it hot by any means though.By itself on the chicken it felt like it was missing something, so the next time I cooked it with breadcrumbs and sesame seeds and it tasted even better.Overall it was a nice combination of flavors that I'm not used to having.
Good sauce for chicken.  Great taste.  Nice and thick sauce.  Good for Roasting.
This sauce is surprisingly good! It is sweet, smokey, and tangy, which I love.It's excellent on pork, or just pour over cream cheese and use as a dip with crackers, and so forth.It's all natural ingredients, so that's a plus.I will buy this again!
Reviewing a food product is always difficult since different people have different likes and dislikes for various flavors.  As such, I will try to keep this review as objective as possible.With a name like 'Roasted Raspberry Chipotle', you get an expectation of heat, sweetness and smokiness.  This sauce delivers all three of these elements fairly well.  My initial impression of the sauce was one of a sweet sauce, followed by some spiciness and finished by some smoke.  The spice from the jalape&ntilde;os is not overbearing...it is pleasantly spicy.  If you are used to chipotles in adobo sauce, you will find this sauce to be rather mild by comparison.  When paired with food, the spicy and smokey elements seem to diminish, leaving you with a sweet raspberry sauce.The sauce itself seems to be a raspberry puree or mash, with raspberry seeds intact.  I did not see any noticable chunks of jalape&ntilde;o.  The sauce appears fresh and smells much like it tastes...smokey, sweet and spicy.It should be noted that this product doesn't exactly use chipotles.  A chipotle is is a smoke-dried jalape&ntilde;o chili.  Reading the ingredient list of the Razzpotle product, we find that the main ingredient is sugar, followed by jalape&ntilde;os.  One of the final ingredients in the list is "smoke flavor".  So by reading the label, we can infer that this product doesn't really use chipotles...it uses jalape&ntilde;os and some liquid smoke to simulate the taste of a real chipotle.  Having said that, the sauce does a pretty good job of delivering the taste of a chipotle.Overall, I found the sauce to be a bit too sweet.  I would prefer to cut the sugar and turn up the heat...but this is probably a matter of personal preference.  Quality wise, this sauce is of high general quality.  If you like the concept of a combination of sweet, spicy and smokey, you should give this sauce a shot.
I'm not much of a cook. I've only used this to dip chicken nuggets in and it's pretty good. The rest of the family likes it too. I would imagine it would make a great marinade.I recommend it.
I didn't expect to think much of this.  Being a vegetarian, I don't have a lot of need for chipotle sauce.  But substituted for sweet and sour sauce, this is great.  Use it on egg rolls, the vegetable-type veggie burgers, or in other dishes you'd use for sweet and sour and it's pretty addictive!  It is quite sweet with a strong raspberry flavor, but there's a very smoky barbeque-y flavor as well.  Yum.
This is a strange but quite good concoction. It reminds me of a very spicy ketchup I used to eat back in Poland, there they go crazy with sauces and all sorts of condiments, and this brought back the memories, for some reason this mimics the ketchup but not with tomato undertones, the raspberry is rich and jewel like in taste, it really burst in the mouth with a lot of spice behind, the smoke flavor gives it nice woody depth but it's not overpowering, not like smoking a pipe or anything.I added this to a tomato sauce I was making with chorizo sausage and roasted grape tomatoes, just a little spoon added a nice thick sweetness that created great contrast with sharp parmesan. This is also great on some chicken that will be grilled or a filling for stuffed chicken with spicy and savory flavors creating a whole new dimension of flavor. I was actually surprised at how spicy this was, it has a real kick!In fact reading reviews for this is fun too, I get to see how everyone else is using it, in some really creative ways too.
For me the sauce was more sweet than chipotle, so I added a little chipotle powder to the dish and it was just perfect.  The sauce does come with seeds so buyer beware.  The sauce has no preservatives so once you open the bottle you'll need to use rather quickly, it will not keep forever even though refrigerated.I actually used the sauce in the crockpot with porkchops.  I sprinkled the chops with a chipotle powder and cracked pepper, then added onions and the raspberry chipotle sauce.  I let it cook 4-5 hours and it was absolutely delicious. The chipotle powder and the pepper helped cut the "sweet" of the sauce.  For me it's just way too sweet to stand alone.I've seen some of the reviews that the seeds were bothersome to some but after cooking in the slow cooker for several hours the seeds were softened to the point that it was not an issue for me.  Perhaps that will help the others who had a problem with the seeds. There are a lot of them.
I've never tasted anything quite like this. It's sweet, smokey, and spicy. The raspberry flavor is quite strong. The chipotle sneaks up on you.I have drizzled it on chocolate as well as cream cheese on crackers. It is very tasty. However, the sauce is quite distinctive so it tends to overpower other flavors.I'm a vegetarian and plan to try it when cooking. But I also plan to use only a small amount!
This is surprisingly good and, equally surprising, is how hot it is. Not at first bite and maybe not at second, but by the time that third one happens - hello! - your taste buds fry black and drop onto your plate.Who'd a thunk? Roasted raspberry and chipotle, but it works. Just keep it away from the very young and the very elderly. 'Cause it's hot.
Fischer and Wieser Roaster Raspberry Chipotle sauce made a great salad dressing (my mix of vinegar, oil and chopped onion) and yes, I did use it over a pork tenderloin (EXCELLENT!). Will I use it again? Yes, and variations of it are welcomed. Heavy, nicely thick sauce puts a sweet tang into any roasted meats (I tried oven roasted chicken as well and it rocked us). Over chops on the grill: superb.LOW SODIUM! Pectin (just like good ol' homemade jellies and jams), no weird calories, and chipotle zip; Expect compliments!Needs to be refrigerated and doesn't last long, as if you'll have any left after you get hooked!
Tired of plain BBQ ribs? Try something different and use this raspberry sauce instead. I tried this on a variety of recipes and definitely preferred it most with pork, but it makes a great dip served over cream cheese as well. I would have liked a bit stronger raspberry flavor and it is a bit thin and doesn't always stick to meat as well as I would like. But it's such a unique and wonderful flavor, I definitely will look forward to using it again.
I tried this in my slow cooker for a "melting pot luck" to celebrate the inauguration of Barack Obama. I chopped about 3/4 of onion, laid it on the bottom of the pot, layered riblets on top, and then covered it all with an entire bottle of sauce. Left it on low and ten hours later brought it to the party. It seemed pretty good to me, but the proof was in the empty serving platter. I also took a little glance at the stacked used plates and didn't see any discarded riblets! So, it was a success. The sauce itself is a great color and looks very fresh. I'm not a fan of "hot" foods and this has a little kick but nothing over the top.
I was completely improvising. I had about 30 minutes to make dinner before my son's basketball practice started. I had chicken already thawed thankfully. I started cooking the chicken breasts on high heat to give them that nice texture on the outside. I mixed half of this sauce with some garlic (the minced kind in a jar), a little balsamic vinegar, a little soy sauce, some dried thyme, and a dash of orange juice. Once the chicken was browned on both sides I poured this mixture over the chicken and covered the pan. I turned the heat down to about medium and let it simmer for about 10-12 minutes I think. That was it. Delicious.If you're a fan of poultry with fruit you'll like this sauce. It has a nice smokiness that keeps it from being too sweet.I saw the suggestion to drizzle it over cheese and crackers and that's next on the list.This sauce would be great with shrimp and any other poultry, too. I'm guessing it would work great on the grill too - just brush it over some chicken or some grilled pineapple. Yum.
I'm not usually a fan of raspberry flavoring in cooking, but this chipotle sauce won me over quickly.  So far, it's been a hit with chicken and pork, with a few more ideas to pursue.It's not subtle, you'll be treated to a wealth of flavors that coexist amazingly well.  All I did was brown some chicken breasts and then finish them with the sauce.  The only person at the table that wasn't asking for more was the one that prefers her food a little on the bland side anyway (she knew going in that it would be a challenge though).It's a complex spicy, tangy raspberries, chipotle peppers and other natural flavors.  It won't send you searching for a large glass of milk, and indeed if you like spicy food you might even rate it as only mildly hot.Besides wrapping meat in this m&eacute;lange, try it with some soft cheese.  At the very least, pour it over a little cream cheese and you have an appetizer that people will love.
The first thing you notice when you taste the sauce is the great raspberry taste, then comes the contrast- the somewhat spicy after taste which I found delicious. It's difficult to tell that the raspberries are roasted,  but it's a unique taste.  It seems, as the bottle says, to go with lots of things from meat to fish,  to veggies and cheese.  I tried it with a variety of things and found it to be very good. Since I don't like super hot and spicy things, I was pleasantly surprised to get just the right "kick" for me as long as I didn't pile it on.Checking the ingredient list, I was surprised to find that sugar is the first ingredient even before the raspberries; however,  there are only 9 grams of sugar per serving which is not excessive.  Also most other ingredients are natural without added unidentifiable additives or chemicals.  That is really important. In addition calories are important to me, and they are relatively low in this product.I also appreciate the plastic bottle, and the size that is offered.  Overall, I think it's a great product and have no  serious negatives to say about it. For me, a little goes a long way.
This sauce reminds me more of a jelly (thin jelly) than a sauce but it can be used for just about anything from dipping crackers to marinating chicken wings.  The smokey chipotle taste come through a bit in the beginning but the sweet flavor of the raspberries beomes the dominant flavor in my opinion.I prefer either a more smokey chipotle flavor such as the Tobassco chipotle sauce or I prefer a hotter sauce (but not too hot that the flavor is gone).  So in my trials with this sauce, I found it to be too sweet for chicken but absolutely perfect as a dip for things like crackers.  I think it would be a big hit at a party for an alternative to cheese and crackers or some veggie dip.The one thing I haven't tried that I want to is using this as a marinade on a steak.  I am waiting for the warmer weather so I can break out the grille to give this a try.  For some reason, I think the salty taste of a steak mixed with this sauce will make a good combination.  We will see.
This has a bold and fresh taste. Can be used many ways to create great dishes. Very versitle and a good item to have in your Kitchen. I recommend this product.
I picked up a bottle of this versatile sauce because I love Chipotle peppers! The sauce works well as a marinade for meats and fish and has some interesting uses such as adding to cream cheese for a dip and adding to balsamic vinegar for a salad dressing. If I had one problem with this sauce, it's that it has 9 grams of sugar per serving(per tablespoon)! That's a lot of sugar, but if this is used in moderation, it does add some zip to your proteins!
First, I'm prejudiced.  My mother was picking raspberries the morning I was born, and I've loved them ever since.  So I've been anxious to try this sauce.I opened the bottle, and took a small spoonful taste before I slathered it on anything, to see how hot it was.  I like things fairly hot, but not too hot.  I get jalape&ntilde;os on my pizza but I sometimes pull some off half-way through.  I took a taste, and right away it felt like I ate a fresh raspberry.  Then, a second later, a wonderful smoky flavor, and then a few seconds later, some heat.  Just the right amount of heat.  Not as hot as canned chipotles in adobo sauce.  There isn't any strong flavor other than the smoke and the pure raspberry flavor; don't worry that it tastes like adobo sauce.The recipes tethered to the bottle are primarily sauces for meat, and a dip and salad dressing.  All sound good.  But I just spread some of this on a turkey sandwich, instead of mayo or mustard, and -- delish.  Then, for dessert, some ice cream with some of this sauce.  My wife said it sounds crazy, but we both liked it!  So this sauce is very versatile.Two minor problems prevent a 5-star rating - price and the thickness - or rather the lack of thickness.  And those are certainly related; if they made the sauce thicker, it would be even more expensive.  It is worth the price, but be forewarned that the recipes included (there are more on their web site), use most of a bottle.  The sauce is maybe a bit thin by itself for dunking things into, but that isn't the company's target use.  But the more I've used it, the less that seems to be a problem.
I like spicy and I like sweet, so this is right up my alley.I've tried it on crackers, on cream cheese, on cream cheese on crackers, on ham, on steak, on burritos, and mashed potatoes.  I've even tried it on my little finger and licked it clean.Very good stuff -- the balance of delectable rasberry to chipotle tangy spice is just right, the chipotle doesn't overwhelm and just adds the right nip to the mix.I like it, and would definitely buy again.
Every couple of year a new "in item" is thrust upon the market place. In the later part of this decade it appears to be Chipotle Sauce. So how does this one measure up to the normal Chiptole sauce you find at your local restaurant? Very well, infact almost better! The texture is thick and it is very sweet. This is a definite buy for any Chipotle lover!
I really enjoyed this roasted raspberry chipotle sauce: with 28 servings in a bottle, the 9 g of sugar & 60 g of sodium & 40 calories sound very reasonable, as long as you don't use a lot of the sauce at one time: sugar is listed as the first ingredient though, so we all know what that means: it's in there in a large quantity.  I really like the fact that there are no preservatives, which makes me want to use the sauce more often than others that DO have all those bad-for-me preservatives.  It was fairly sweet, with some nice spice flavor coming up from behind: I would say with this sauce, a little goes a long way!The flavor of this sauce was just great!  I ate some with a grill-cooked marinated filet mignon (thick cut), and the roasted raspberry chipotle sauce was a fabulous accompaniment: it gave it a certain pizazz!  The sauce has a nice smokey flavor, and would really make a good add-on for any barbeque-cooked something.  I think this sause would really work with just about any meat: beef, chicken, pork or fish...it was just plain good sauce!  I plan on trying this sauce as a marinade next, and then maybe with a cooked ground-beef stuffed green pepper, to see how that plays out: I would HIGHLY recommend this sauce from my experience with it so far, it is very tasty, and would be great to have around the house especially in the summer to add some zest to my bbqs!!
I wasn't sure what to expect with this, but it has turned out to be very good.  It is spicy without being overwhelming, and the combination of the raspberry and chipotle sauce is an interesting and versitle combination.  I'm still finding ways to use it.  I put a little on a bocca burger with some avacado and it was very good.  It has fewer calories than mayo, so it was a nice way to dress up my bocca burger without adding a lot of cals.My one complaint is that it is too sweet.  In my opinion it would be 10x better if they toned down the sweetness even just a little.  Overall, though, I really like it.  That being said, I'm not sure it is worth $8 a bottle... but maybe someone who cooks more than I would feel differently.
I have used this sauce primarily as a dipping sauce so far. Great with veggies, toasted baguette and pita chips. Good spice to it. I think it will make a great sauce for chicken and pork tenderloin when the grilling season starts back up. I only mark down because of the crunchy seeds. Doesn't bother me that much, but could be smoother...
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I like this sauce.  Some reviewers commented on the sweetness. To me, the sweetness is about the same as many commercial barbeque sauces.  The amount of heat from the peppers was fine for me - however, probably not hot enough for those individuals who like to have their eyes run and their sinus cavities seared when eating spicy foods.I tried out this product by sauteing a firm white fish and topping it with the Razzpotle and feta cheese.  It was terrific!  It is also extremely good on a fresh turkey sandwich.The downside is that it is expensive.  I don't think that I would choose to spend fifty bucks for a case of barbeque sauce, no matter how good it is.
This sauce is so tasty and you can use it with anything! I have not tried it with beef, but I have used it with Shrimp and Chicken and it's tasty! It has the right amount of sweetness and BBQ flavoring. Would definitly purchase!
Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roaster Raspberry Chipotle sauce is a great marinade/sauce base that I've been enjoying for the past few days with family and friends.  So far we've tried it as a base for cruddite and chip dips, as a relish on grilled burgers, a base for salad dressings and have marinated chicken thighs and lamb chops in it as well.  The initial taste sensation is strongly fruit based but within seconds the savory and smoky elements enter the picture finally tapering off with a faint bit of chipotle heat.  Overall, the ripe fruit flavors and complexity of savory elements provides a very complex flavor profile while enhancing every one of the ingredients/dishes i've listed above.  My personal favorite use of this sauce was as a marinade for lamb chops.  The fruity-savoriness of this sauce matches perfectly with the fatty, gaminess of the lamb.My only caution on this product has to do with the fact that Amazon sells this in packs of 6.  If possible, I'd recommend searching out a sample or a single bottle serving to determine if an entire 6-pack is a worthwhile purchase.
My husband and I tried this product on some chicken one night, and while it was good, it was not quite as spicy as I thought it would be.  I mean, when I think of something that has chipotle in it, I expect it to have a lot more bite than this stuff did.  That said, it was still pretty good.  The raspberry flavor wasn't too sweet, and it actually kept the chicken nice and moist.
I'd have to agree with the other reviewers that the sauce definitely was fairly sweet and less so in terms of hotness. That's not to say it wasn't good... in fact, I loved the sauce but it just has a unique taste I can't really put my finger on.I tried it with some ground beef mixed in with the sauce (the extent of my cooking ability unfortunately) along with some saut&eacute;ed vegetables and was pleasantly surprised with the taste. It seems a bit too exotic for my normal cooking needs but I'm sure if you're trying to impress someone or if you're just looking to add a little flavor to your meals this sauce will do its job well.As others have said the bottle indicates it needs to be refrigerated after opening and seems to have a short expiration date from opening after that. It's somewhat unfortunate because I don't want to coat my meals with the stuff (since I live with two roommates who aren't exactly chefs themselves) but if you live in a large household I wouldn't imagine it being a real issue.It's a good sauce if you like the taste. One word of warning, however, I'm just an average guy, I have no idea what chipotle means other than it should be hot but if I like the stuff I'd think most other non-chipotle connoisseurs would as well.
This took me by surprise. I was initially reluctant to try this and I dragged my feet because I am not one to normally like Raspberry. I usually find raspberry products too tart, or too cloyingly sweet.This product is a nice balance of the sweet and tart that is a raspberry. It is nicely balanced with smokey roasted chipotle. It balanced enough to stand up to cooking as a marinate or sauce or delicate enough to serve on crackers with cream cheese.Quite tasty and good.
I'm not a big fan of smoky flavors, but I have to admit that this sauce really won me over.  The raspberry flavor is rich but not over-sweet, and the touch of chipotle is just right.  It's not too hot, not too smoky.  Over all I found it a great balance.I tried their suggestion of serving it with cream cheese and crackers and it was okay, though it wouldn't have been my first choice.  However I added it to some barbequed beef and the difference was astounding.  It really added a depth of flavor that everyone seemed to enjoy.  I've already started to plan future experiments to explore the sauce's versatility.I have to say that the price of the sauce seems a bit high, but I suppose it compares to other high-end gourmet sauces.  But as it was such a hit, I can't help but feel it might be worth it, particularly during grilling season.
Fischer and Wieser's raspbery chipotle sauce is a tangy treat and a holiday staple in our home. We pour it over cream cheese and serve with crackers or baguettes. It also makes a yummy dipping sauce for chicken tenders and on chicken burritos.
For me this sauce seemed a little thinner than other brands available.  To me the sauce is unbalances it was WAY MORE on the sweet side than spicy side.  Also I don't think the price point is all that great after trying it, I would expect this sauce to be better!
I am not usually a fan of pre-made sauces.  They dominate any other flavors in a recipe, and are usually just a quick way to add some flavor to boring cooking.  I would much rather achieve flavoring through the cooking process, or by making fresh sauces.Bu, I was intrigued by the fruit/spice combination that is the specialty of Fischer & Wieser.  I love raspberry. I love chipotle.  Why not give them a try together?The bottle comes with a couple of "recipes", which mainly involve cooking some meat or fish the normal way, then layering on the sauce.  I did a grilled salmon, which was tasty, and a steak, which was so-so.  I then tried a few other things with the sauce, from using it for dipping to putting it on pancakes.  It does have a nice flavor, much more sweet than spicy.  I actually liked it on the pancakes best of all!If you like pre-made sauces, then this is a winner.  It is fairly versatile, and went well with a few dishes.  However, the flavor is so strong that you can't do a lot of adjusting.  If you eat anything with "Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce", then that is exactly what it is going to taste like.
Habanero, ginger and mango - oh my!  My three favorite flavors on earth.  Mango trees of all kinds grow in my back yard.  I don't think there is a more flavorful fruit than mango; kind of like a peach but sweeter.  Ginger is a unique plant with a zesty fresh aroma and taste.  Habanero peppers are extremely hot peppers with a unique aftertaste that stays with you.  When you blend all three of these flavors you get a delightful taste that can top or cook well with shrimp, chicken and beef.  The only problem with Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sause is that is watered down a bit.  That's my only complaint.  Perhaps the Mango is the culprit as it is full of water.  If there was a way to concentrate the flavors more then I would give the product 5 stars.  Otherwise the product is unique and will be enjoyed by all those who are adventurous and like exotic flavors.
I love hot food. I LOVE hot food. But the combination of ginger, mango and habanero simply didn't sound all that promising. So, I opened the bottle with hesitancy, and tasted...and was pleasantly surprised.Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce was very good. It's taste went very well with a number of different types of foods. It was very good on a cheeseburger, and even went well as a dipping sauce for chicken. I wouldn't turn this sauce down.With that said, there is room for improvement. It is a little too sweet, preventing some of the subtle tastes of the sauce to shine. A bit of heat would have been welcomed as well. The taste of habanero was virtually non-existent.
I don't have a lot to say about this product, because to be honest, I can't find many uses for it. I like the flavor, sweet, with some spiciness. If you can find enough uses for it, I'm sure you'll like it. Again, very good flavor. Just not a practical thing for me to keep in the refrigerator, hence the four stars.
When I first saw the word Habanero in the title of this sauce I was expecting my taste buds to be assaulted by the flavor of those little peppers. However, when I actually tried it (brushed over grilled chicken) I was met with a tangy flavor that did not overpower me at all but enhanced the flavor of the chicken.I will readily admit that I am a picky eater and hesitate to try anything new, but after trying this I am glad I did. Now, more seasoned 'adventerous eaters around me tried this as well and also agreed that it had a good mix of flavoring and was not overpowering, nor was it underwhelming either.All in all a solid addition to spice things up over the summer grill.
If you like something that brings the heat when you eat, then you'll love this mango ginger habanero sauce.  It's not like Fischer & Wieser's raspberry chipotle that probably rates about a 2 or maybe 3 on the spiciness scale (and it's heat is slow building).The habanero sauce, however, is quite hot, with only a hint of sweetness.  I'd say that if Louisiana Hot Sauce or Tabasco sauce rates an 8 or 9 on the spiciness scale, then this Habanero sause rates about a 6.  And, the Habanero sauce heat starts right away.I hope this was helpful!
I made shish kabobs last night on the grill using the Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce...delicious!  Bacon-wrapped chicken, steak, shrimp, fish, bell pepper, onion, pineapple, and squash with some cayenne pepper sprinkled over it (I LOVE IT SPICY) all basted with the Habanero Sauce.  Put the shish kabobs on a bed of rice, serve with ice cold beer and it's a party!  Cheers!
This sweet sauce is just like described, a sweet heat. I really have never had anything like it, and it really goes well with many different foods, I have been using it on wings and grilled chicken but would imagine it even would be very good on sliced white turkey meat, lol. The cool thing is that it is not overbearingly sweet or hot so don't let the fact it has habaneros in it scare you. I usually limit my hot sauce to Louisiana types and this seems less hot to me then they do. I could see this being used wherever you would normally use a glaze. Try it and you will be pleasantly surprised.
I ran into an odd problem with this product: it tastes great: the combination of mango, ginger and spicy habanero peppers is really wonderful. The problem is: where and how to use this stuff? I tried it on pizza and while it wasn't bad, it isn't really a very pizza-oriented sauce. So I tried it on a veggie burger, a falafel sandwich and even a salad. It wasn't bad on any of these but not really right either. So I now have a wonderfully flavorful sauce in search of a purpose! I'm sure I will find one, and in the meantime, it's fun experimenting.
This is a pretty daring mix of Mango, Ginger and fiery Habaneros. The latter is probably the hottest of all Chili's but in this blend the heat level is tolerable and well balanced with the taste of Ginger & Mango.I found the taste more interesting every time I tried it, it definitely grew on me.We tried it as a dip and then  found it worked as a great side to my favorite Indian (style) curries such as Madras, Vindaloo and Biryani's.Mango Chutney is a great side with curries and this works a treat too!My family of four had a generally favorable  opinion, only my 12 year old daughter said it did not appeal to her.I finished of the remaining sauce with Tortilla Chips while watching a movie and still wanted more!If you want something that will give your taste buds a nice surprising tingle, give it a try. it gets my approval!
When I saw this contained habanero, I was concerned, as I am sensitive to hot peppers (I can't even eat a jalapeno). I used this as a dipping sauce with some grilled chicken, and enjoyed the zing it added. The Mango, ginger and habanero balanced each other, with the pepper adding just a touch of heat that was subdued by the other flavors.Although my favorite grilling sauces tend to be ginger and teriyaki variations, this was a nice change.
I like to coat my meat dishes and other foods with an assortment of toppings that range from catsup to Worcestershire sauce to barbecue sauce and beyond. I am always on the lookout for new sauces to try, so I was more than happy to sample Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce when the opportunity arose. This company produces many different flavored sauces and based on my experience with Fischer & Wieser, I assumed this sauce would be every bit as good tasting and high in quality as the others.My intuition proved correct when I sampled this sauce for the first time. Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is, indeed, a quality product that is certainly deserving of a try. This sauce is sweet and spicy, but it isn't extreme and its medium level of spiciness makes it a good choice for those who love spice but still want to be able to taste the food that is covered with the sauce. The spicy nature of this sauce is interesting, too, because it builds up slowly. The initial flavor is that of a sweet, fruity sauce. But then, once the sauce reaches the receptors in the back of the tongue and mouth, the heat can be felt. However, it is short lived and as it slowly fades, you are left with the flavor of fruit and honey in the aftertaste.The flavor profile of Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce makes it a good choice for several meats and food dishes. I like using it as a topping or substitute when serving sweet and sour chicken and other Chinese dishes. The fruit and spice are a natural accompaniment to Chinese. It also tastes very good as a dipping sauce for casual appetizers like breaded chicken nuggets and many others have stated it that it goes well with various types of fish, even though I have not sampled it served in this manner.Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce isn't an incredibly expensive sauce, but it isn't cheap, either. Depending on how it is used, it can last a long or short amount of time. Use it for dipping, and you may empty a bottle in relatively short time. Use it as an addition to other sauces or ingredients, and it could easily last for a couple of months. It takes very little if used in combination with other ingredients and it can add a tasty flavor dimension to many types of meat and other food dishes.Sauces and spices make any meat dish more interesting and Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is a good- tasting product that makes ordinary meat dishes more flavorful and more memorable. The spice is medium, the sweetness is slight, and it adds good fruit/vinegar/honey/spice flavor to your favorite foods without being so hot that you forget what exactly it was you were eating.
I've only tried 2 of Fischer & Wieser's sauces so far, but they were both excellent and I'd love to try some more.  Thus far, my favorite is their Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, which absolutely rocks.Their Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is also quite good, but not quite up to the standard of the aforementioned Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, in my opinion.  I can easily taste plenty of mango, ginger and of course the habanero pepper.  Slightly unfortunately, I find that the strongest flavor is that of apple sauce and indeed apple cider is the fourth ingredient listed.  I'm not sure why the apple taste is so pronounced, but it is, to my palate anyway.Another negative is that this sauce is extremely sweet and contains 50 calories per tablespoon.  I did mention that it is good stuff, so you'll probably eat plenty and thus the calories will add up a bit.  I wish that they'd cut back on the sugar a touch, as I found it a bit too sweet and somewhat jelly-like.  I live in southern California and am used to spicy foods, so I found the heat to be about right.  In fact, I might even turn up the heat a bit meaning that it's probably a good compromise for most buyers.But I gave it 4 stars because it's quite tasty.  My sense is that it would go great with shrimp, very well with chicken, and I might even try it on a steak.  In fact, I might give it a shot on ice cream just for kicks.  It is a quality product made with natural ingredients and the odds are strong that you will like it a lot.
WOW , I think most all will like this!It is at once both sweet and spicy hot which I do love. i am a spicy person, hubby is not and thisworks well.The Kids LOVE it as well.You can use on all meats, beef, lamb, chicken and on fish, you can not go wrong.ou can BBQ , marinate with this,use as a dipping sauce, add to differing dishes........and on and onIt reminds me of a carribean sauce , if that is helpful.One person decided to mix into a veggie mix side dish....yummy !!You can be creative w/ this sauce, I am thinking I will try with aplain whole grain rice side dish  to spice it up.Also, heat this up and dip nuggets in it..I buy the veggies "chicken"nuggets and this makes a nice dip.I heat it up as it seems to make it thicker. I almost forgot to write this !!Hope this helped you =+)
This is an excellent all-round product that can be adapted to many dishes as well as being used straight out of the bottle as a dipping sauce or as a finishing glaze.The flavors are clean and there are no wierd aftertastes from artificial flavorings.  The mango used is the fragrant green and red Central and South American Mango rather than the intensely sweet South Asian Mango.  The sauce is semi-thick and seems to contain a lot of fruit.  There are no arificial ingredients listed on the label.The predominant taste is a sweet honey, then the clean fragrant mango, then a mild hint of Habanero follows.  It is not hot as you would expect from a Habanero sauce. It would be too mild for a hot sauce afficiando, but still too spicy for a novice.  Out of 10 (1 being not hot & 10 being sucicide) this would rank a 2 staright out of the bottle, as the sweetness takes the edge off.  If this sauce were to be used in cooking (heat from cooking increases the hotness of chillies) then this would move up to a 3.5We used this sauce as a glaze over pork kebabs, as a dipping sauce for breaded chicken strips, and to make a sauce base for sauteed shrimp. The flank steak overpowered the clean taste of the sauce and so we added garlic, a half teaspoon of soy sauce and fresh chillies to "beef up" the sauce. This gave it a slightly Hawaiian twist.Overall a very versatile sauce than can be easily diluted/strengthened and used in many dishes.  It is worth a try and would make a nice BBQ hostess gift.UPDATE Sept 27, 2009:Over the past few months this has become one of my favourite glazes to use on grilled food.  It has been fantastic on skewered shrimp, scallops, chicken breast and even on a turkey burgers and turkey meatloaf. My vegetarian friends love this on their grilled veggie burgers and tofu.
Aside from saving time spent making my own sauce, one test for justifying buying a sauce like Fischer & Wieser's Ginger Habanero Sauce is how well it works for different kinds of food.I first tried the bacon wrapped grilled shrimp with lime recipe provided on the company's website. It's a fairly easy to do recipe, though I suggest indirect heat, as the fat in bacon can lead to the bacon burning, if not catching on fire. I happened have to some Turkey bacon on had as well, which did better since it has almost no fat in it. The sweet and hot flavors of the sauce did well with the shrimp, bacon and lime. The Habanero is actually quite mild in this sauce, it builds somewhat, but compared to other hotter sauces, I found it never overpower.For a second test, I tried it on a grilled turkey pepper burger. It also went well, providing some zing for an otherwise subtle flavor.Overall the combination of Mango Ginger Habenero will do well with Caribbean dishes, especially those that feature seafood, but will do well on poultry, pork, and beef as well.
Having celiac disease, I get really excited when I find a new gluten free product.  The Fischer and Weiser website has a gluten free list which I really appreciate.  They also have a nice library of recipes for using their products, even a dessert called Coconut Mango Ginger Habanero Dessert, which is like a layered pudding made using the Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce.  Sounds interesting!If you're looking for a sauce to wow you, this hasn't got the flavor or the heat.  What it is though, is a sweet, smooth sauce with a mild heat...it just gives your food a little extra something.  I agree with the other reviews that the ginger is barely detectable, and the mango doesn't have a strong presence either.  It's not bad at all, it's just not going to knock your socks off.  If you want a sauce with a little more kick,  try their Razzpotle.  We enjoyed it as well.
As a lover of hot peppers, I actually raised Habanero peppers in my back yard at one time. In their raw state they are really hot. This sauce is absolutely nothing like that!Habanero peppers are the next to the last ingredient just before spices and the effect is very mild. The four star rating is a result of what I consider the modest use of the Habanero peppers. I suspect this is a good marketing decision for the brand as I doubt too many palates will be offended by the heat.On a more positive side it has a pleasant taste with just a hint of the peppers. The consistency is thick enough that it does work well as a dip. Chips dipped into the sauce will retain enough sauce to provide a good flavor.I also tried it on a few different items and it introduces a nice taste that is not at all ordinary. I suspect that guests will be asking what it is as it does have a pleasant and distinctive taste and has just the hint of heat.The ingredients in order listed are mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers, and spices.I found the flavor and consistency to be well thought out and useful in a variety of ways; the label suggests logging on to WWW.jelly.com "for more fun recipe ideas."If I were designing it for myself I would probably use less sugar and more peppers.
I really like to cook and I cook a wide variety of cuisines.  I was quite eager to sample this product, advertised as both a marinade and a finishing sauce.  Essentially what it is -- is a very high quality "sweet and sour" type sauce.I found the mango-ginger combination to be quite tasty.  The flavor was fresh and bright and would complement grilled chicken and pork.  It would be equally good for dipping various Chinese-style appetizers.  However, I was somewhat disappointed (hence the lack of a 5th star) because the habanero flavor was minimal.  Both heat and flavor were barely discernable.  When one sees "habanero" on a label, one expects a significant "kick".  In this product, the "kick" was definitely lacking.A very good product nonetheless.
This was an interesting sauce, especially since I had no idea what to expect but it sure sounded good.Keep in mind I'm not a chef by any means.  I'm perfectly content with some chicken on the Foreman Grill, or heating up some chicken nuggets into the oven.The sauce had a thin and chunky consistency, most comparible to a jam or jelly, which is what threw me off.  And it's sticky like honey.I used it to top beef taquitos, chicken breast, and chicken nuggets.  In all cases, it definitely gave it a unique and wonderful flavor.  This was a good alternative to some BBQ sauce or ranch dressing.The mixture of sweet and spicy was good, though I wish it had more spice.I found the taste to be delicate, and I needed to smother my food with the sauce to really get the taste going.  If you're looking for something mild and barely detectable, this is for you.  But, the way I used it, the entire bottle lasted me as a dip/sauce for 5-6 servings.If I were looking for a unique dip/sauce, this would be a great purchase.  If you're throwing a party and want to give your guests something different for their finger foods, you'll strike gold here.I would be cautious about ordering a large volume, though, as you might get bored of it soon and I don't know how long a bottle might stay fresh.  If they offer a variety pack, your money might be better spent there.
The initial taste is quite sweet, almost like a sweet and sour sauce.  A few seconds later, *bam* the habaneros and ginger kick in.  Definitely an interesting flavor with the fish I cooked up tonight.  I'm sure it'll also go good with chicken.  Fruit sauce with heat and it's all natural too.  None of those funny ingredients you can't identify.  I'm not sure it'll taste good with beef, though.  Will need to experiment.Note: For people with allergens, they do say it's processed in a facility that also processes peanuts, tree nuts, milk, soy, and anchovies.
I was unfamiliar with the brand, but the ingredients impressed me--mango, sugar, honey, ginger, habanero, spices.My only quibble is that I think they could have gone easier on the sweetness, particularly given that the main ingredient is a fruit. It does have plenty of heat as well--and a strong ginger flavor--and can be added to other sauces as an easy way to give more complex flavor to a dish.I like it with fish, chicken, salad--even as a dip with some mild soft cheeses. Overalgl, a nice flavor enhancer--and an easy way to add some tropical heat--even if, like me, you need to cut the sweetness. I'm looking forward to trying the Asian apricot sauce next.
This sauce is delicious, but you would think it would be quite hot and spicy, seeing as it has 'haba&ntilde;ero' in the name.  Haba&ntilde;ero peppers are extremely hot and you would think that would be the point of having the word in the name of the sauce, it likely being meant to tell people that this sauce is quite hot, but no; instead, the sauce has a very mild flavor of chili pepper - that's it.  Apparently, there is some actual 'haba&ntilde;ero' pepper somewhere in the ingredients, but it's toward the end of the list, so evidently, not much.  Anyway, the sauce is still quite delicious, just not exactly what one might expect.
I tried this sauce with a Trader Joe's fish fillet, and my impression was that the sauce overpowered the taste of the fish.  It was too sweet as well.  Mango already has lots of sugar, and the ingredients section lists sugar as the second ingredient, with honey added as well.  That's a little overboard, I think, and it tasted it too.  On the other hand, the ginger taste was strong and the sauce had bite, though the spiciness did not stay long on the tongue. All in all, the sauce seemed more like desert syrup than marinade/dip for a main course meat dish.
This is the second of the F&W; sauces that I've reviewed. Their Razzpotle (Roasted Raspberry Chipotle) sauce was delicious and I killed the bottle, which to their credit is not a small bottle, in less than a month. Considering I eat out most days, I rarely finish ANYTHING in a month.The first reaction I had (and my wife and my friends) is to wonder what to use the sauces on...but the answer is pretty much anything. The Razzpotle sauce wound up on everything, from bagels to blintz to meat and chicken.  It was especially delicious on biscuits. I began using it anywhere I'd use butter, other than in actual cooking recipes and it did an admirable job as a substitute and is much healthier than butter.The Mango Ginger Habanero sauce, which could use a better nickname (Gabamango?), was delicious. It is much sweeter than the Razzpotle and has much less of a kick. That was a surprise. I like hot (the tagline on the label reads 'Sweet Heat' or something similar) and I like habanero. My salsas tend to make people (my wife for example) tear up and shriek. The sauce has a very subtle heat. Its there, but running beneath the sweetness.  The ginger barely registers, which is a good thing as a little ginger does tend to go a loooong way.Last night, I tried the sauce on some chicken (yes, it was KFC, stripped of skin) and it was delicious. I also used it on some biscuits and mixed some into mashed potatoes.  All were well improved by the sauce.If you don't like heat, there isn't much here.  If you don't like sweet, I'd stay away. It was sweet enought that my wife thought it had honey in it.  I, on the other hand, quite liked it and I'm pretty sure I'll be tossing away an empty bottle in the next few weeks to match the empty Razzpotle bottle.And I believe I will not only be ordering both again, I want to try Fischer and Weiser's other sauces.  It was great!
I really like this sauce.  It's great with stir fry, egg rolls, as a sandwich spread if you want to kick it up a notch.  The Habanero heat gives a good burn, but it won't kill you like those Habanero wings you tried once that left blisters on your tongue.I'm not sure what I would do with 6 bottles of this, or if I would pay $5/bottle.  A little of this goes a long way.  I've used it several times and still have 2/3 bottle left.  If you buy 6 bottles, that's pretty much a lifetime supply unless you cook for the masses.
I never use this brand before along with any type of marinade sauce, but the ingredients impressed me like the mango, sugar, honey, ginger, habanero, spices.The only downside to this is that it could have gone easier on the sweetness, particularly given that the main ingredient is a fruit. Mango already has lots of sugar, and the ingredients section lists sugar as the second ingredient, with honey added as well. Personally I think that's a little bit over the top. On the other hand, the ginger taste was strong and the sauce had bite, though the spiciness did not stay long on the tongue which I love. It does have plenty of heat as well.I particularly like it on fish, shrimp, and chicken wings because it gives it a nice flavor enhancer. Others had mention that they tried this as a dipping sauce, but it's probably not bad that way either. It's easy to get creative with this.  I'm looking forward on trying this with other food items along with other sauces as an easy way to give more complex flavor to a dish.
The perfect amount of sweet and hot make this a great topper or sauce over everything from chicken to shrimp. I've used it on the grill and on the stove with great results. Even the kids liked it, although they still asked for ketchup!
This item worked very well for grilling, not as well as for dipping. It is tangy, not sweet, and works best for chicken and pork-especially pork tenderloin. It made it very moist and tender and it gave it a very smokey great flavor. It didn't taste as good if you grilled the item first and then used this as a dipping sauce-so this is much better for grilling. Would recommend for a change of pace.
The Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce does add flavor and sweetness to food. I think it has a good balance of sweetness and doesn't overpower the food,  but I love sweet sauces - that's just me. :)It is different, and I like to try new sauces, and I will purchase it again.
I've used this sauce with rice and with scrambled eggs.  In both cases the taste is excellent but extremely sweet.  Certainly this is an enjoyable product, but all that sugar can't be real healthy.  I was expecting some spice from the habanero (which I normally love) but the sweet sugar overwhelms the habanero.
I tried this sauce with chicken and rice. The sauce is sweet because of the mango, but there's a little bit of heat. On a heat scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it at 4.5. It won't make your eyes water; it's not that hot -- but it's not bland.This is a pleasant-tasting sauce. I gave it 4 stars because my husband was so-so about it, but he likes spicier sauces. The sauce goes very well with chicken, and there was enough sauce in the bottle to coat 5 chicken thighs and have about half the bottle left, so you may be able to get two servings from the bottle.And there are no added "junk" ingredients in it, either -- no MSG or high-fructose corn syrup. This sauce will make a good change of pace when you don't want inferno-hot food but you'd like a little kick.
I really enjoyed the versatility of the Fischer and Wieser Raspberry Chipotle sauce and was anxious to try a few of the other sauces in this line. I didn't do quite as much experimenting with the Mango Ginger Habenero Sauce, but tried it in several different ways. First, I used it for broiling pork chops. That was really good and the sauce brought out the sweet flavor of the meat. Then I used it to glaze cornish game hens - another big success. The zip of the sauce did not overpower the delicacy of the hens and a little extra sauce for dipping was excellent. My last (so far) test was as a basting sauce for a turkey. This was also delicious. I started out basting the turkey with melted butter, but for the last hour or so, I used the mango/ginger/habenero sauce. Not only did it give the turkey skin a sweet and spicy flavor, it made the skin turn an incredibly appetizing color. A little dipping sauce on the side, and we were in heaven. This sauce looks like another winner!!!
Honestly, I didn't know what to expect combining the flavors of mango, ginger and habanero. Once I opened the bottle, however, the aroma clued me in--this is a Latin variation on Asian Sweet and Sour sauce with a bit of a kick. It compliments roasted chicken, that is about as adventurous as I've gotten. But for me, it works best in smaller amounts. I think the taste would be quite overpowering if you were to pour it right on something or to use as a marinade--but as a dipping sauce, it's exotic and different.
I let the bottle breathe for a bit before I first tasted this so the air could mingle in....I was hoping for something extra-ordinary but it didn't give me the thrill I was hoping for...The mixture isn't spicy or explosive enough for my taste, but it did add a bit of flair to my grilled vegetables and shrimp. It was not too sweet, not too hot and not too robust. I think the big bad wolf would have found it boring.I won't be buying this particular sauce again but I will try a couple of the other flavors this company offers. For me, a sauce has to reach out and grab me, and this one was just playing with me. Not enough spark to ignite the flame within....
Mango, sugar, honey apple cider vinegar, ginger, habanero and spices.  That's all that's in this product and I must say it tastes great.  The only draw back is that it's REALLY sweet.  My wife and I have tried it with two different kinds of fish and it was too sweet for both of them.  We're gonna finish out the bottle with some pork this week an see if that can hold it's own. There is a good level of ginger and habanero flavor.  I might also use this as a dipping sauce for an asian inspired meal
When a product says 'habanero' on it, I expect it to be pretty hot.  This is NOT.  On the heat scale, I'd put it around Green Tabasco, but with the slower more lasting heat of the habanero.  It has a very slow, mild burn that one can more easily walk away from.I first tried it on plain fried chicken.  It is WAY to sweet for bland food.  The overwhelming note is of the honey in it.  The mango and the ginger could use some ramping up.  It is, in its flavor composition, as one other reviewer said, unbalanced.  The honey overwhelms the other flavors.I had the thought, that this would be great with JERK chicken.  And indeed, I was right.  This MAKES a jerk chicken sandwich.  It seems like it simply needed a more complex food to pair with.  I would buy it again, just for when I make jerk.I suspect it would be nice in some Chinese dishes as well.  The mango is so mild that it would not be conflicting.  Honey chicken and General Tso Chicken, as well as more complex pork dishes, comes to mind for this.
It says finishing/dipping sauce.  We can add jelly to that title.  I'm sure it's a great finishing/dipping sauce..it even tasted good right out of the jar. But, I make up concoctions of things I have in the house to suit my tastebuds at the time, and I decided I wanted toast for my snack 2 nights ago.  This finishing sauce was great on my toast.  I like really hot things, but not on toast. The sauce was just right. This sauce just has a hint on habanero taste, and the sauce is fairly sweet.  This would probably be good poured over cream cheese for an extra treat.Would I recommend it?  Yes!
Everyone's taste is different -- what I think of as "mild" heat someone else may view as "super hot." When I see "Habanero" in a product name, I expect a real "kick," something that will sneak up and then take on an "in your face" assertiveness.  Not this sauce.  I mean, it has a bit of a bite to it, but no more than I'd expect from a relatively mild salsa.  It's good, but just not as hot as I expected.Then there's the sweetness.  It's just a bit too sweet for my taste.  Mango is a sweet fruit anyway, with very little acidity when it's ripe; add honey to that and you've got a *really* sweet mixture going on.  In my opinion, it needs a little more acid to balance it out -- lime or lemon, perhaps.I've used this sauce twice now:  as a finishing sauce for grilled chicken breast, and as a dipping sauce for coconut-crusted shrimp.  It worked fine, but next time I use it, I'll be adding some fresh-squeezed lime juice.All that aside, it IS a quality sauce, it tastes very fresh, no odd "bottled" flavor at all.  It's definitely good enough that I'll be giving a couple of other flavors a try.
We used this sauce on grilled tilapia and chicken and it was delicious. Slightly sweet, slightly spicy with a kick from the ginger that gave it an Asian quality. Recommended!
My husband and I adore spicy food. We are really into the HOT, HOT kind. Unforunately this product doesn't deliver the kick that we were both looking for. If you're interested in a mildly spicy sauce that does have a TON of flavor, I'd recommend it, but for spice-lovers such as ourselves, I'd pass on it.
This was my first experience with Fischer & Wieser sauces but it probably won't be the last. Great taste but a bit sweeter than expected and not as hot as expected.The sweetness - once you know it's there - lends itself to a variety of foods: salmon, chicken, blended with cream cheese. The hotness - or lack of it - is fine by me. It gives just enough kick to make it interesting. If you like hot-hot-hot, you may want to try something else. For me, it was just right.
This has a great flavor and is a premium product. It better be for the price. It was a little on the sweet side for me but not enough to detract from the nice mix of flavors. I like the heat it had although I would also prefer that it be brought down a notch. It works great on chicken. Unfortunately I am the only one in my family that likes hot spices so I have to make a little at a time. It seems to keep well between uses after you have opened it though.
I ordered this sauce because we enjoy a habanero kick to our foods on occasion.  We grilled chicken on the outdoor grill basting with this sauce.  It adhered to the meat well, and the taste was good but lacked a kick.  We were expecting a habanero kick and you really can't taste it.  If you use it straight from the bottle you can catch a tiny hint of habanero, but grilled onto the chicken we couldn't taste it at all.That being said, if you like sweet sauces, this is a good one.  It's just not the best sauce if you're wanting a spicy kick to your food.
When I read Habanero, I thought it might be too hot for many, however, after trying it out on Salmon, I was thrilled. Let it marinade over night and then grill it or broil it......I don't like salmon. In fact, I hate it. I don't like any "fishy" tasting fish. I know....that's just the way I am. With that said, I should note that this sauce made the salmon easy to eat. My reason for 4 stars is that it is pretty sweet....more than I thought (and I like sweets). I think this would be very good with venison, just let it marindade for 1-2 days. The spice kind of grows on you, but it's not overwhelming. I should note that I am quite used to very hot things....crushed red pepper, jalepeno, etc., are not that bad for me. If you have even had a medium salsa, this is along those lines, though it starts out less spicy, it does creep up on you a bit. I have not tried this as a dipping sauce, but it's probably not bad that way either. It's easy to get creative with this, and I can't wait to try this with some turkey breast, and as a salad dressing.
Having loved the Fischer and Wieser raspberry habanero sauce, I was looking forward to this one from the perspective of a fan.  That sauce had a complex mix of heat and sweetness that worked perfectly, creating something almost brilliant.  This sauce does not attempt anything so lofty.  Instead, it consists of a heavy mango base sweetened with honey.  The habanero is present, but only as a very mild background flavor, and the ginger is even further in the background, with almost no impact.And yet, all this sweetness stays very manageable, and that is why this sauce still succeeds at being a pleasant option.  It goes well with pretty much anything and is quite unique.  If you are new to this line of sauces, I would certainly recommend starting with the raspberry variant.  If you are a fan and looking for variety, this will bring a smile to your face as well.
This is a very nice condiment.  Although habanero chilis are the hottest of all the chilis, I did not find this horribly spicy.  It is called  Sweet Heat.  I thought it was a little too sweet, so I "improved" it with a couple of drops of soy sauce.It is described as a dipping sauce, but it has a lot of other uses way beyond simply dippingWe have been putting into our regular dishes. Put it into  black bean sauce for a nice topping for broiled fish (like Alaskan Cod) over some rice.  This sauce turned a simple broiled hamburger into a taste treat by mixing up some raw chopped garlic and a good jolt of sauce into the ground beef prior to broiling:  fantastic, wildly tasty, and juicy!This is a nice complement to a Satay appetizer (chicken, pork, beef  all work well). Lots of nice recipes on the web for Malaysian and Thai Satay. A lot of these call for a peanut sauce.  I think you can simply achieve that by putting a bit of peanut butter into this habanero sauce base.Now that spring & summer are coming-put your satay on the grill. Baste with the dipping sauce & serve with the dipping sauce.Bon Apetit!
We used this as a pan sauce for white fish. The flavor was excellent. Very fruity with a slight kick of habanero, but not overpowering.  If you like "light" fruit sauces, this one can be intense. I would recommend using just a modest amount, like a brushing, or stick with stronger fish like salmon and tuna.  I, personally, thought it was a bit too sweet for the fish, almost like pancake syrup, so next time I will brush it on rather than pour it on.Everyone else who tried the sauce loved it.  The heat was a little too much for my 3 year old daughter, but mild for the rest of us.I would recommend trying it on several kinds of dishes. Could even be strong enough for steak and pork.
I enjoyed this mango ginger habanero sauce: with 28 servings in a bottle, the 13 g of sugar & 35 g of sodium & 50 calories sound very reasonable, as long as you don't use a lot of the sauce at one time: sugar is listed as the second ingredient though, so we all know what that means: it's in there in a pretty large quantity.  I really like the fact that there are no preservatives, which makes me want to use the sauce more often than others that DO have all those bad-for-me preservatives.  It was pretty sweet, with a little bit of heat/spice coming up from behind: I would say with this sauce, a little goes a long way: I would only use a little at a time...The flavor of this sauce was good:  I ate some on chicken wings (not spicy) and also on sweet potato fries: I enjoyed it, but the sauce didn't really blow me away: it wasn't hot enough for my tastebuds, and just didn't have enough flavor for me.  The flavor that was there was nice though, so no complaints here, I just enjoyed Fischer & Wieser's Roasted Raspberry Chipotle sauce so much more!  I think this sauce would really work with a variety of meats or vegetables: I would recommend this sauce from my experience with it so far, for those who want sweet without much kick...
I'm not long on food reviews so I'll keep this brief.  I have not branched too far into Carribean nor South American cuisine but I'm ready to venture further.  This sauce gives me the impression of a tangy taste and I suspect it would go best with chicken, pork and seafood.  I can't see putting it on beef (neither hamburger to steak nor anywhere in between).  I would think that meat used with this sauce would work best if it were grilled.  It has for me so far.  It has a light punch to it and an interesting mix of sweet and hot.  I'm still looking for some good recipes to experiment with it further.  When it runs out, I would expect I'd order some more.
By itself, the F&W; Mango Ginger Habanero sauce tastes a lot like a mildy spicy honey sauce. The flavors are mild but tasty. But when used on meat, the flavors really come alive. I've enjoyed this sauce on chicken especially.What really makes this sauce stand out is the mild habanero burn that take  a few seconds to hit; it is simply wonderful. Not too much, not too little. Not too much to overwhelm, yet not too little that its overlooked or boring. A surprise for the mild kind of sauce that it is.I'm usually not a fan of sweet sauces - I like spicy punchy sauces - but this one is worth keeping, especially for those days when I'm not up to the heat but still want the burn.Worth trying.
I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to eat this because it says it's a habanero sauce which would make it extremely hot in my mind.  However, that was not the case.  It is just a very tasty sweet sauce...great for adding flavor to your grilled chicken, or other meat for that matter.  Because habanero indicates the hottest of the hottest, some may be disappointed that this product doesn't have the heat that the habanero implies.  I was not though.  Just be aware that this is really just a sweet tasting mango sauce.
This sauce really has unique flavor: predominantly mango with some ginger and just right amount of hot Habaneros. It is medium spicy and goes very well with fish. My only criticism is that the label follows the letter but not the spirit of the law: print is so small that you need a magnifying glass to read it!
Like other reviews have stated, the Habanero punch is oddly missing, but I've cooked a few dishes with this sauce that came out delicious.First, I took boneless chicken, drizzled the sauce over, and topped each piece with a slice of pineapple. Then, cover and bake, but take the cover off, drizzle a bit more sauce, and finish it under the broiler. Serve the whole thing over rice, including the delicious juices that will be in the pan. Then I sauted some onions, added it after the onions were limp, and topped burgers and grilled chicken sandwiches with the onions. And the best...use it to dress cold couscous along with raisins, pineapple chunks, and almonds. This stuff pairs beautifully with pineapple! It might be nice as an exotic dipping sauce for chunks of fruit. If you like the flavor, but it's too sweet, add a bit of soy sauce.I haven't done it yet, but I'm going to grill some fresh peach halves and glaze them with this.
To be sure, I am a self admitted food snob. Moreso and especially when it comes to really any pre-packaged and bottled sauces, salad dressings, gravies and the like.I am a gourmet chef and make my own sauces, salad dressings, gravies and many more items that people don't like to, don't know how to or just plain won't take the time to cook or make themselves.This is the first Fischer & Weiser sauce product that I have tried and found it to be a really decent, fresh tasting, all natural/no preservative product.I first used it as a finishing sauce for grilled chicken breasts - DELISH!  Then I tried it with a grilled pork tenderloin - Another A+ dinner!  I made a very nice salad dressing with the sauce and mixed it with olive oil, balsamic vinegar and salt and pepper - A WONDERFUL& LIGHT DRESSING CHOICE! I warmed some in the microwave poured it over a block of cold cream cheese and served with crackers - A PARTY APPETIZER HIT! I even served it as a dipping sauce to my granddaughter with her chicken nuggets - ANOTHER MEAL ENJOYED!The predominate flavors in this sauce are ripe mangos, honey, and just a tiny touch of habanero peppers. This sauce is very light on the ginger flavor as ginger can be really overpowering if not used correctly.This sauce is a really great combination of sweet and spicy, is very versatile and I would definitely try some of Fischer & Weiser's other products that they sell.Happy Cooking!
Fischer & Wieser have crafted another winning marinade-esque sauce - with their signature use of fully flavored fruit accented with heat.  In this instance, we get a mango-ginger-habanero concoction that is lush, refreshing, spicy and savory all at the same time.  For most folk these particular flavor profiles may be somewhat unfamiliar so to get a better grasp of what this would taste like imagine the following:Mango - a sweet, tropical fruit that has flavor notes of butter, vanilla and mellow citrus all blended together.Ginger - a root with lingering sweetness, coupled with sharp, biting spicy notes.Habanero - one of the hottest peppers around, yet manages to retain a hint of sweetness along with full fledged pepper flavor profiles.With these 3 elements in play what you get is a sauce heavy on the tropical fruit taste with plenty of spice accents.  Interestingly enough it's not quite fiery hot but there is a kick and even with the heavy fruit profile it still manages to highlight a savory element around it all.This marinade works best on 'lighter' meats (fish and chicken) and I actually prefer throwing the marinated meat in question over the grill as carmelization also enhances the sauce further.  If you want to try something different that works really well with this sauce get yourself a block of tofu and cut it down to 'filets' that are no more then an inch thick.  Smother each tofu loin in the sauce and grill it for a few mins on each side.  Really really good stuff right there.
I am not a fan of heat in my food at all. Nor am I big fan of ginger. I received this yesterday and tried it right away. I was pleasantly surprised. It is sweet, tangy not too hot. Goes nicley with chicken.You don't need much. My husband liked it too! It smells good and tastes good. A really nice change from the usual sauces.It is a generous size bottle ,unlike  the ones in the grocery store . Very good product!
Fischer & Weiser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is quite hot and spicy.  It goes great with fish and chicken - either grilled, broiled, or fried.  It must be refrigerated after opening.  If you don't like hot foods, this definitely isn't for you.  Also, it is very sweet.  The sauce contains mango and ginger for a fruity, spicy accent along with habanero peppers. There are 50 calories per tablespoon. Very good if you like your sauce hot and sweet.
I found the taste very similar to sweet and sour sauce from a typical Asian buffet, but a little thicker. I have also tried the Rasberry Chipotle sauce of this brand, and this is not as chunky, exotic, or hot as that flavor. The nature of the mango blend will be much more familiar to most people.With that said, it is a good sauce. Although it doesn't have the exotic kick of the Rasberry, I think it is much more usable in a variety of dishes. This sauce will compliment food that the Ras-Chip might overwhelm. Ras-Chip, thrilling. Mango-gin utilitarian. My opinion.
Well, I like a bit of heat.  I live in Arizona and I grow my own peppers.  Keep that in mind.  I like this stuff.  I used it as a sauce on chicken.  It has a wonderful flavor.  Now, if you think a bottle of Tabasco is a lifetime supply, pass on this, but if you don't mind a little heat, give it a try.
I'm not big on dips and sauces, but I did like this one -- maybe because it was sweet.  But I tried it on baked chicken and the combination of flavors in the sauce worked just right.  It's not too hot, which I prefer.
Twinings Mixed Berry tea was a pleasant surprise.  Some fruity teas can be abrasive or artificial, but the berries in this tea balance nicely and subtly with the black tea.  The berry flavor is not too muddled, with the flavor of each berry apparent.  The black tea, similarly, is mild and smooth.  If you are a fan of PG Tips, it may seem on the weak side, and I personally prefer a bit more punch.  Still, it is a relaxing experience and worth trying.
I think I first heard about Mallomars from Babysitters Club books when I was a kid. Maybe they were one of the foods Claudia stashed in her room? She was always eating brand name junk food my mother wouldn't buy me. So I was really looking forward to these cookies. If a fictional character from my childhood loved them, they have to be delicious, right?I did not love these cookies at first bite. They seemed dry and I didn't like that the chocolate was a thin hard shell. I also wasn't remotely hungry when I first tried them. Although I really did like the marshmallow. Also, the packaging isn't very storage friendly. But I figure that's what tupperware and plastic bags are for.Then I came home from work one night, hungry. They were pretty satisfying, and the more I ate the more I loved that the outer shell of chocolate was crisp. Now I only have two left. I think I'll go eat them right now...
I had never had Mallomars before so I couldn't resist tasting them.  These are definately delicious cookies.  The cookie part is sort of like a chocolate chip cookie without the chips and then there is marshmallow and chocolate coating.  Very good.  But they are fairly fragile cookies.  They fall apart a bit when you take a bite and since these were shipped to me, half were already falling apart before I could take any bites.
I've heard people for years rave about Malomars, so how could I resist tasting what all the fuss was about? First made in Hoboken, New Jersey, in 1913 (now made in Canada), the package states that 70% of these cookies are sold "in the shadow of the Big Apple". Eighteen cookies in the carton, 2 cookies per serving at 120 calories, 5g of fat; unfortunately there's high fructose corn syrup, so I won't buy more.The cookie itself? A B+ in my book. There's a good sweet dark chocolate shell around a fluff of marshmallow atop a cookie. The chocolate and marshmallow are very good together. The cookie has a good flavor but is overpowered by the other two, and it crumbles too much -- I always wind up sprinkled with crumbs; at the end there's a slightly salt finish. Very nice. I can see why people like these, but I'd probably take an Oreo first.
These little guys didn't last long at my house. Delicious and good for you, too! Okay...forget that last part....they are NOT good for you. But they are tasty, and why else buy cookies, right? If they WERE good for you, I'd give them 5 stars. At least.
I was excited to try a favorite treat from my past with the delivery of a box of Mallomars. I was not disappointed. The marshmallow center was just as I remembered; fluffy, soft, creamy and yummy. The chocolate flavor was also very good. Marshmallow, chocolate and a "spongy" cookie is always a great combination. I also like their bit size, only problem is that it is hard to stop eating them. I almost finished off the box all by myself. My only criticism is the nearly (current) $6 a box price.
Chocolate, marshmallow, graham crackers.. there's nothing really more nostalgic than a combination of those three ingredients (s'mores anyone?) bringing back so many young memories. The true beauty of the combination is its simplicity and that it spans so many different countries and cultures.I actually grew up more with moon pies (or choco pies as it is called in Asia) that more closely resembles a s'more by having two graham crackers sandwiching instead of the mallomars single cracker on the bottom. The thing I really like about this version is that it is smaller and much easier to have a small snack or nibble as opposed to the larger alternatives. Sinking my teeth into the fluff first made me enjoy and taste the marshmallow sweetness first which I've come to realize I prefer.The only problem I had was that my package (of 18 cookies) came smushed in the mail so many of my cookies had their layers separated letting me not enjoy the full experience as intended.
Were they bigger when I was a kid or is it just that now I am big and they seem small? It is probably just my memory. To me,the dark chocolate coating is perfect, the marshmallow seems OK but the cookie seems a little dry. But that may be how they tasted back in the 1950s. (I ate more S'Mores than Mallomars back then.)I still compare them to S'Mores and to me they run second place. Real S'more have a two full sized graham crackers with a piece of chocolate and a regular sized marshmallow in the middle with it. Now that I think about it, the reason that Mallomars can't beat them because S'mores are warm with a melting marshmellow. Remember toasting marshmellows over an open fire or near a fireplace? Then the marshmallow melted the chocolate and you ate them and then you were in heaven. They were so good that I can remember when my mother fixed them and then when I made my husband's first S'More. Those memories don't fade.So with the basics, graham crackers, regular marshmallow and rich thick dark chocolate, I wil still rank S'Mores first.If you don't have all that and a bonfire outside or a raised hearth fireplace, you can still get a sweet kick from mallomars.Of course, without the delicious sticky fingers to lick.About four of the pack were already split apart but that's OK, glad that it was the whole pack. So they are much more convenient but not quite as tasty as S'Mores.
Mallomars are like smores but better.  There is a graham cracker base which is topped with marshmallow. Then the entire cookie is dipped in dark chocolate. I personally don't like smores and I love these cookies.My mom used to love this type of cookie. I remember them being much bigger.  I don't know if the portions are now smaller or that I'm just bigger and they look smaller.  Either way, that is not a bad thing considering this is a cookie and not the healthiest thing to eat in excess. However, they do have dark chocolate on them...so they might be better than other cookies on the market.I wasn't disappointed in the cookies.  The entire family loved them. Nobody in the household, besides myself, have had Mallomars before.  My husband doesn't care for any cookie that is hard and liked the fact that the graham cracker portion was soft.At the right price point, I'd buy them on occasion.  If you like marshmallows or smores, you should enjoy this cookie.  There is no reason not to give them 5 stars but they aren't my most favorite cookie and I reserve the last star for that cookie. :D
These are excellent for a treat when you are craving chocolate.  Not for those who are watching calories or fat but sometimes you have to just live it up a little!Only issue was with how it arrived - many of the cookies were damaged in transit, resulting in a cookie crumbs covering all cookies.  Not a major issue but I believe this may be specific only to the way these are shipped when sent as part of Vine program (as a single pack, not as pack of 4).  All in all, a very delicious cookie to be enjoyed by all ages.
So this shelf stable adaptation of smores is worth a sample and definitely worth introducing to foreign students for a taste of Americana.  Oreos travel well but there's something about Mallomars specifically;a delicate dark chocolate shell - not too cloying, sweet but so thin as to be acceptablea pllow of some kind of marshmallow representationbut the best part that pulls it together is  a nondry but crumbly cookie that has you doing your best to catch every crumb when you bite into it.mallomars are a strangely inhaleable Interesting eating experience.  It's too sweet but so light and effortless that you end up eating more than you intended.  I wouldn't say I crave it but sometimes that texture hits the spot especially if you have been craving something airy like an Italian sponge cake.
These are potentially addictive, the sort of snack that each member of the household should have their own supply of, because once you walk away, you can't be sure there will be any left in the package if you come back for more later! If I had any negative feedback, it would be that the cookie is slightly dry and separates sometimes from the marshmallow. The marshmallow, though, is sooo light and creamy! Very tasty for a mass-produced sweet!
These marshmallow treats are delicious. They're kind of like a light Smore, with graham cracker, chocolate, and marshmallow. The marshmallow is definitely the dominate flavor and most of the cookie is marshmallow, with chocolate coating and a thin graham cracker bottom. I think they taste great. However, they're also a bit dangerous. Because they're mostly marshmallow, they feel light and are very satiating. It's almost like eating a marshmallow with a lot of extra sugar on top. If you're at all concerned about your diet, I'd definitely stay away!
They taste fantastic but it seems like the paper-thin chocolate layer is so thin that the shipping process just made the cookies crumble; even the ones that were not broken up by the shipping fell apart when I took a bite. The taste is still great, rich creamy chocolate, tasty marshmallow and crunchy cookie all make for a fantastic Mallomar.
I have never tried these cookies before, I don't think they are available in my region. They are good, but I wouldn't put them on my list of favorite cookies. The chocolate shell is perfectly thin to the fluffy marshmallow creme which is perfectly balanced with the 'cookie'. I put that in quotation marks because the 'cookie' is more like a graham cracker crumbly crust, not a hard-packed cookie. I tried mine frozen and enjoyed them more that way. They are very sweet though, so I suggest enjoying them with a glass of cold milk!
Pure Chocolate Mallowmars have been around for years and they are still fantastic. Rich, real chocolate, covering a fluffy marshmallow and a soft cookie. These are delicious and truly addictive. Mallowmars have just the right texture. My wife thinks they would be better without the cookie, but for me, the cookie is an integral part and I am perfectly happy with them. They are a great treat, but a bit expensive. Sometimes though, you just have to indulge yourself. What would life be without a little indulgence? Pretty dull.
The last time I bought Mallomars was in a local grocery store, and they were old. These from Amazon were fresh (sell-by date is 3 months in the future) and they taste nice and fresh with nice soft marshmallow. However, even though the box shows no sign of damage, some of the cookies inside had broken apart and every one of them was covered in cookie crumbs. This doesn't really affect the eatability of them, but it is disappointing. I just don't think Nabisco has put enough thought into the packaging for Mallomars.
Mallomars Pure Chocolate Cookies are the classic cookie on marshmallow covered in chocolate. There are as many variations as there are cookie companies. If you enjoy sweets you pretty much can't go wrong with these. The marshmallow was fresh, the cookie was crunchy and the experience, on the whole was pleasant enough. The reason I deducted one star was the quality of the chocolate coating. Instead of unctuous creamy chocolate experience, the shell was hard and shattered when I took a byte. The chocolate also had a slight bitterness that did not pair as well as it could have with the other ingredients. These are good cookies, but for my taste, could be a little better.
I haven't had Mallomars in a long time, so when I saw these were available, I had to get some. The same delicious cookie that I enjoyed years ago is still just as tasty. A crisp cookie, topped with a marshmallow and covered in pure chocolate. I can't say the box lasted very long in my house. Guess I'll have to buy some more!
I am generally not a huge fan of marshmallow, but I'd heard good things about these, so I decided to give them a try. I was surprised; the chocolate and cookie add enough different texture and taste so that the inside is enjoyable, rather than overwhelming. These are rather sweet, not surprisingly, so I could only eat one at a time. But they are quite good, and one is plenty.
Living in rural Idaho, I haven't had one of these since I was a child. Although sweets can never taste as good as they do when you're young, I thoroughly enjoyed this marshmallow treat with a cookie base all covered in a rich dark chocolate. The cookies were fresh and unbroken and the slight coconut flavor brightened my day!
These cookies are what the are - sweet and chocolatey. It's easy to eat a bunch of them. Health food, they are not. While there is such a thing as healthy desserts, there is also something to be said for enjoying guilty pleasures consumed now and then without concern for health.Mine arrived fresh and tasty.NUTRITIONAL INFO: Two cookies are 120 calories; there are 18 cookies in this box. The cookies contain high fructose corn syrup, and corn syrup, in addition to plenty of sugar. They have "pure chocolate," whatever that means, and it is true that the chocolate coating does taste real, though it has a fair amount of sugar mixed in. The cookies do not have much in the way of vitamins or minerals, though 2 cookies do at least contribute 4% to your daily iron requirements. The fat is canola, palm, or palm kernel oil, plus the cocoa butter present in the chocolate.
It's hard to believe, but I had never had a Mallomar until this late in my life. I wasn't aware of its history (something I brushed up when I learned more about it) or it's limited distribution (fall and winter only). To be absolutely honest, my first reaction to them was one of disappointment. I like chocolate, cookies and marshmallow enough, but I didn't see what the fuss was about. My wife and daughter seemed to be loving them though, so I gave it another shot, and I think my problem was that I just basically inhaled the first cookie, so it registered as mostly marshmallow with the chocolate only faintly registering. That's the wrong way to go about it. This is something to be savored, at least so long as real chocolate is in the mix (and trust me "real chocolate" is something quickly disappearing from a ton of chocolatey snacks everywhere and one of the biggest reasons why things never "taste like they used to").Even though I've never had them before, I would imagine that Mallomars are one cookie that tastes pretty much the way it always has. When you take the time to notice, it's very apparent that this is real chocolate here. It's rich, flavorful and melts in your mouth. I'm used to the chocolate on cookies to be more of a "waxy" consistency, but not here. It's smooth and starts to melt almost as quickly as it's in your mouth. The graham cracker wafer isn't bad and the soft, billowing marshmallow is good too, but this is definitely a taste that's more than the sum of its parts. I'd definitely give Mallomars another go if faced with them at the grocery store.
Apparently, I have been raised on the generic version of Mallomars, because this is the first time I have tried Mallomars.  At first look, I did notice they were smaller -- maybe about the size of the covered oreo cookies.  The marshmallow doesn't taste as sweet as the generic I've eaten for years and the cookie part seemed to crumble every time I would take a bite. So, I either dealt with the messy crumbs or shoved the whole cookie in my mouth at one time.  As an adult, when I splurge and eat cookies, I want to savor them and make them last longer, so I prefer not to put the whole thing in my mouth.  All that said, the chocolate on the Mallomars is out of this world!!!  It is fantastic!!!  I think the goodness of the chocolate almost completely counteracts the crumbly cookie.  Yummy!!
Eating a Mallomar is like taking a time-travel inducing bite back into your past.  These cookies taste just like they used to taste, though I think they've shrunk down to match the economy.  My whole family enjoyed them.
I am into dark chocolate and I liked these cookies. I think they probably used more dark which might explain why my kids don't care for them.When the package arrived, half of the cookies were not intact. The top separated from the bottom at the crunchy cracker place. As you eat them, intact or not, crumbs come down.But it has better quality comparing to products like Little Debbie etc..
I used to get these when I was a child but had not had any for years. I thought of them as being a  treat for children but these were rather more sophisticated than I recalled. The chocolate coating is a very dark chocolate with a nice, slightly bitter edge. The coating made  a lovely contrast  with the soft, tender, sweet marshmallow. The marshmallow was not overly sweet and was very tender it almost melted in the mouth rather than requiring lots of bouncy chewing as some marshmallow based products do.  the cookie base  reminded me slightly of  graham crackers.  The whole effect was more subtle and grownup  than s'mores or Whoopie Pies. The only negative is that many of the cookies arrived cracked or broken  but that ay be because the postal worker had managed to jam the package into my small mail box even though it did not fit.  As a vine member I got one box packed in a padded envelope, the actual  set of four  that one would order is very likely placed in a box and would probably stand up to shipping much better.
This brings back wonderful childhood memories. I had not eaten Mallomars in years and I have to say that they are as delicious as I remembered them. The base is a chocolate wafer with marshmallow on top, all covered with chocolate. I love the way the kind of explode in your mouth. The base on some of the cookies had broke apart from the upper half. I don't know if that happened during shipping or if the cookies might have been slightly old. They tasted fine and I would certainly recommend them. Wonderful with milk!
If you have a sweet tooth and you remember Mallomars from your childhood you will love these. They have a nice crispy cookie on the bottom, marshmellow and they are covered in chocolate. How could you not love them? My husband has a serious sweet tooth, he ate the whole box except the 2 that I ate. Highly recommend!
Chocolate over marshmallow with a soft cookie inside.  Kind of like an Easter marshmallow bunny with a little cookie buried in it.  These are really good, and I guess I can't say much more than that about them. My wife prefers them microwaved for a few seoonds so they are melty and warm (be careful, they expand a lot if you nuke them too long!).
When I receive a product via the Vine Program, I consider not just the product itself but the selling of it here on Amazon. Usually this isn't an issue but with food it can be an important consideration.  This is the case for this Mallomars.I remember Mallomars back from my years in NYC and these tasted better than my memories of them.  The marshmallow was soft and sweet but not overly so.  The cookie was a bit bland and easily separated from the rest of the treat.  The chocolate seemed to be on the darker side even though it was labeled "sweet" on the ingredients list.However, these 18 cookies also came broken and damaged from their shipment via Amazon.  Several were simply separated into bottom graham section and top marshmallow section, it was so obvious through the unopened clear plastic.  Several also had signs of fat bloom which happens when chocolate is not stored under proper temperatures; it looks like a discolored section, generally much lighter than other chocolate.  A lot of folks say it doesn't taste different but I think it has a slight grainy texture and a less cocoa flavor.If you like marshmallows, graham cookies, and chocolate, you should check these out but only if you buy them in a store you know will house them properly until you get them.  At that point it will be up to you to prevent either fat or sugar bloom.
I love Mallomars!  These delightful little cookie, marshmallow, and chocolate mouthfuls of heaven are beyond yummy.  My review of the taste is over 5 stars.  However, buying these little beauties online is problematic.  They were either a little melted to the packaging or the cookie was separating from the mallow.  Still yummy in their imperfect form but not great for serving guests or any sort of good presentation.  Based on their appearance I bumped it down to 4 stars.  They are great, you will love them, but buy them at your local store.
I have memories of my dad eating mallomars and I think it was my little brother's first big word, as in "Please pass the mallomars..." These were just as I remembered. They crumble a little if you try and take a bite instead of popping the entire cookie in your mouth. The marshmellow was soft and chocolate, just right. I would recommend these to others.
I'm not a big chocolate fan, but I do eat it occasionally. These chocolate exterior and marshmellow interior cookies are pretty good. The marshmellow is a bit bland compared to the chocolate, but makes for an interesting contrast in texture.
Most gluten-free products taste like cardboard, so when I came upon this sampler, I was happily surprised.  Measurably better tasting than sports' bars and gluten-free breakfast bars, this organic snack recharges your energy and rejuvenates your spirits.  Now don't expect a health product of this caliber to be inexpensive.  I'm happy that PURE is very competitively priced at less than two dollars per bar.Surprisingly, I liked the "Cherry Cashew" flavor over "Wild Blueberry," but the variety can keep you more than satisfied.Nutrition *****, high in omega-3 and fiber, gluten-free, and organic.Price  ***, You get what you pay for.Taste  ****, So fresh, so good.Value  ****, Seldom do you get everything together in one bar.
Having triedPure Bar Organic Wild Blueberry, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12), I was expecting the Cherry Cashew to be similar in taste. For better or worse, this is not the case.Cherry Cashew is all natural, not processed, raw, no preservatives added, healthy snack (based on calorie content it is healthier than eating candy bars or Luna and Cliff Bars).The bar's best feature is that it is certainly chewy, yet it doesn't stick to your teeth at all.The most disappointing feature of this bar, however, is that it has the barest taste of cherry and cashew. Whereas the Wild Blueberry was heavily condensed with blueberries and one could truly feel the berries on one's tongue, one only has a hint of cherries in the Cherry Cahew bar. The dates are also less prominent in the Cherry Cashew when compared to the taste of dates in the Wild Blueberry bar.This bar is tasty, but I would endorse the purchase of the Wild Blueberry and would feel inclined to purchase Wild Blueberry and would only get the cherry Cashew for variety.
I don't like artificial candy flavors and this bar tastes much better in comparison. It's been a long time since I ate a fig newton, but this tastes similar to me, only with blueberries instead of figs. However, I like to limit my calorie intake and at 190 calories, this bar is not a quick snack, it's a substantial part of my lunch or an entire breakfast. Frankly, I prefer raw fresh blueberries. They're lower calorie and they taste, well, fresher.
This is like a breakfast bar or power bar with a little bit of everything in it...and it's tasty and great! I normally grab a Kashi or Cascadian Farms granola bar first thing in the morning at around 120 calories. This bar was more filling and supplied more energy at 200 calories. I was put off by the calorie count at first but for a bigger punch of energy and fullness it's worth it. Very dense.I would definitely get these again.
I have to start off by saying this was not quite what I expected it to be.  I thought it would be super nutty, sort of trail-mix-in-a-bar type thing; I'm glad it wasn't!  The texture is a bit hard to describe, chewy and moist, not nutty but more like a solid bar of pureed fruit.  I remember thinking it was quite a bit like the inside of a Fig Newton, both in looks and texture, though maybe a bit chewier.  I didn't pick up on any particularly nutty flavors and didn't see any huge chunks of nuts in my bar, which I sort of liked because it seems like there are enough of those chunky, crunchy granola bars on the market.  I would pick up this bar if I saw it at the store and wanted to have something on hand that is quick to eat, yet filling enough to last for a few hours, and isn't packed full of preservatives and chemical ingredients that I can't pronounce.
These all organic bars feature nuts, blueberries juices, fruit concentrate, agave nectar and very little else.  Raw as well as organic, they contain 190 calories and provide a nice punch of blueberry flavor.  Unlike many bars of this type they did not have that "earthy", bitter aftertaste and are not overly sticky.I am always on the look out for healthy snacks that can travel. With hot weather approaching, packing food  and leaving it in the car is not appealing.  Fast food is unhealthy and expensive and most bars are deceptively unhealthy and don't really taste good.  (Really for two hundred calories you can have a snickers bar and be none the worse off!)I like the flavor and the natural ingredients. The portability is a plus and the nuts tend to hold your appetite at bay.  I will definitely carry these as a healthy on the road snack.
Although I probably wouldn't make Pure Bars part of a daily splurge, I have to say this product is worthy of being part of an on-the-go, healthy-eating survival kit.  There's a lot of goodness packed into the 1.7 ounce bar.  Of course, it weighs in at 190 calories, 70 of which are from fat, and 26 carbs, but you also get 6 grams of protein and 3 grams of fiber, not to mention the goodness that you'd get from a serving of raw fruit and raw nuts (which can be a little bit inconvenient to carry around in your bag when you're out and about.)  The Pure Bar is going to keep you feeling fuller longer than if you were to grab up a candy bar, plus, with the Pure Bar, you're not getting all that refined sugar, trans-fat, saturated fat, and guilt that is served up in a candy bar wrapper.Pure Bar is sweet enough to chase off a craving for sugar.  In fact, for something that's made of raw fruit and raw nuts, it's quite sweet, bordering a little bit on that kind of sweet that gets you in the back of the throat if you're not careful.  But taking smaller bites and chewing thoroughly helps with this, as opposed to biting off a quarter of the bar at once. The fruit flavor is very intense, and so are the flavors of each individual nut.  That really impressed me!  I could taste the walnuts and cashews, as opposed to seeing them in the bar and feeling them in my mouth, but otherwise having no taste experience of the nuts.  The bar itself has a good texture.  Not too wet, not too dry.My favorite use of Pure Bar would be on the go, when I couldn't take fruit or nuts with me, but knowing I could find myself away from the kitchen or anywhere with healthy snack options when hungry-time strikes.  It's a better choice than a candy bar, but me, personally, I wouldn't want to use this as an everyday stand-in for breakfast or lunch, simply because the Pure Bar still contains 190 calories, in a little bar-sized package that will be eaten up in under two minutes, even if one were to take smaller bites than the previously-mentioned quarter-of-the-bar-sized bites.  I'd think of it as emergency rations, or an occasional less-guilty treat than most other conveniently-packaged treats out there.
This bar was pretty good, but I didn't like it as much as the PURE cranberry cashew bar. The problem was that the taste was a bit bland, and I really didn't get a lot of blueberry flavor. However, the nuts in the bar improved it.The bar has the consistency of the fig filling in a fig cookie; it is not reminiscent of cardboard like some other health bars. The ingredients are amazing, and the bar is satisfying.
This bar tasted better than I thought it would, and I like it slightly better than the PURE organic 'Cherry Cashew'.  It is completely organic, gluten-free, with a full serving of daily fruit!, added protein (nuts), 3 grams of fiber (comparable to two slices of wheat bread), completely raw (which keeps more nutrients than anything cooked) and vegan.Even though they call it a Wild Blueberry bar, blueberries are only the FIFTH largest ingredient -which I thought was interesting.  The main four ingredients are Dates, Cashews, Walnuts, and Rice Protein Concentrate(so maybe they should have called it the Date Cashew bar?)  Regardless, the blueberry taste is definitely there.Just like with the Cherry Cashew bar, the caloric content is 190 calories, with decent fiber, and 7 grams of protein.  It is definitely a healthy alternative to a standard chocolate bar; your body will thank you, and you'll feel better for it.As for taste, it was pretty good.  It was smaller than I expected, and was very compressed -the consistency was kind of like a hybrid fudge/granola bar, without the chocolate taste...Four stars because it doesn't fail in any of the areas it was advertising.  (I.e. It doesn't taste as "good" as a chocolate bar, but you weren't buying it for that, but for a healthy snack that fits the bill.  It does.)  I guess I didn't give it five stars because the main ingredient wasn't as highlighted as it could have been.
I am always looking for products that I feel good about putting into my kids' school lunches - that they will actually eat.  This bar contains natural ingredients, mashed together into the bar, without a lot of ingredients added just for the convenience of the manufacturer.  Its fruit/nut base makes it sweet enough that kids will eat it but also provide them with some essential nutrients instead of empty calories.
These are really delicious. The texture reminded me a little bit of the original Power Bar, but not as hard or chewy. Great balance of fruit it nut, not too dry, and has a satisfying crunch. Loved the sweetness level--you taste the berry and the nut flavor w/out it being too sweet. Decent amout of fiber (3g) and protein(6g). When I was done, I felt like I had actually eaten something (not like some 'airy' bars) yet is wasn't too dense to be a chore to chew. The reason I gave a 4 rather than a 5 star was the price. It's pretty similar to other organic bars, but my budget will usually have to go non-organic, like the South Beach Protein Fit bars. Yet again, these are pretty yummy. I'd say, if you can afford these, then get them.
I was excited to try the Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew- while I am not usually much of a cherry flavor fan and I'm more of an almond girl, I was looking forward to trying a new raw fruit and nut bar that wasn't my usual larabar.The cherry is dried cherry and the little bits are incredibly tart yet sweet, like craisins (dried crankberries) only more juicy and less of a "dry" after feel...  While I don't like cherry flavor, I do like fresh and dried natural cherries.  This bar did not disappoint. Tart, sour, lots of flavor...The cashews added a few little chunks to an otherwise "soft" bar... I think I would have preferred the texture if it picked either a soft, chewy, smooth consistency or a trail-mix chunky bar, as the little bits of cashew in the otherwise soft bar just were not appealing to me.Nutritionally, I liked the breakdown as I am a Type 1 Diabetic and I am always looking for a good snack to toss in my bag, just in case my sugar starts dropping.  Typically I either treat a low or prevent one by grabbing a meal... Having a bar with fair amounts of protein and fat AND dried fruit is perfect as the dried fruit affects my blood sugar much faster than the protein (but still not so fast, in this bar, that I would use this as a low blood sugar/hypoglycemia treatment), then the protein kicks in.  As a meal replacement, in a pinch, this is great.  I plan on buying more and stashing them in this year's hurricane kit.
Except for the actual shape, I think these are almost exactly the taste and texture of Lara Bars. They are organic, which I don't think Lara Bars are, but they are made out of whole, raw foods like cashews and other nuts. They get their sweetness from things like dates. Overall, I like them, but am not wowed by them. Personally I am more of a chocolate fan...
I decided to try the Wild Blueberry Pure Organic Raw Fruit & Nut Bar after trying the Cherry Cashew version and liking it but finding the "cherry" flavor to be very subtle.  In addition to being Certified Organic, this bar is gluten-free and vegan. Furthermore, the Wild Blueberry flavor contains a full serving of fruit, is a good source of fiber (3 grams), and provides Omega-3s as well. There is also a decent amount of protein (6 grams, slightly less than the Cherry Cashew bar), and although the amount of sugar is higher than I would've liked (19 grams, or almost 4 teaspoons), the bar is naturally sweetened using agave nectar only, with no other added sugars added.The bar was thick and dense in appearance, with an almost slightly sticky feel. The taste definitely tastes fruity, but I could not detect a blueberry flavor at all.  Rather, as other reviewers have suggested, the taste is more reminiscent of Fig Newtons, most likely because the first ingredient is actually dates (blueberries were significantly further down the list).  The bar also did have a nutty flavor, and in fact it contains cashews, walnuts, and almonds.  Overall, I liked the taste (I like dates!), but I thought the "Wild Blueberry" label was deceiving, and I definitely have had other bars that I prefer.In the end, I liked the Cherry Cashew Pure Bar a bit more than this one, and I would rate the nutritional profile of that flavor as slightly better as well. Although these bars are not perfect, I would definitely recommend them to someone with specific dietary needs, such as vegan or gluten-free.
Unlike some other reviewers, I do not normally eat a lot of protein bars and the like. I have had a few and found this bar to be much sweeter and tastier than the others, which mostly taste like cardboard with sugar on top. This was very chewy and had a lot of cherry flavors. It tasted fresh and was surprisingly filling for such a small bar. It is definitely an above-average bar. I feel like it is made of "good stuff," but the calorie count is a bit high (200). That said, it will cure a sweets craving without nearly as much impact as a candy bar, plus it's just better for you in all respects.
If you insist on organic food, then this may fill the need for a snack bar. The cherry cashew one I had tasted good enough. In sum, not too sweet, easy to chew, the nuts overwhelmed the cherries, but the cherries I did detect had a distinctly cherry taste. It has 190 calories, a low amount of fat and low levels of minerals and vitamins. The ingredients were simple and obvious except for the "organic rice protein concentrate." I can't say the taste alone would lead me to seek them out and buy them, but if you are searching for organic foods, this is worth a try.
This fruit and nut bar has an impressive list of health-conscious features: gluten-free, no artificial ingredients, no refined sugar, organic, high in Omega-3, vegan-friendly, and so on.  None of that would matter to me if it tasted like cardboard.  Well, guess what? It's delicious!  It's chewy fruit and crunchy nuts and not much else, with a rich cherry flavor, mixed in with cashews, walnuts, dates and almonds.  The only downside is it's 190 calories, rather high for a snack bar, with 8 grams of fat (0.5 saturated, 0 trans).  It's not really high in vitamins and minerals but it does have 7 grams of protein and only 5 of sodium.  On balance, it's a satisfying, tasty and healthful snack.
I tend to prefer crunchy, rather than "moist" granola/snack/power bars. Most of the latter are too sticky for my liking. Additionally, most of the moist power bars are just too dense for my taste. The PURE Bar is a bit different. It is moist, but not too sticky or dense. The flavor is primarily of dates, but the fruit and nuts come through. As others have noted, it is a bit small for the calories it packs. Organic, raw, and vegan are nice bonuses. I'd buy this.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I opened the packaging for this bar. I don't actively look for organic food (though I appreciate the concept). I'm mainly looking for something that tastes good, is nutritional, and is not too expensive.Visually, it's a small  dense bar. It's about 3  inches in length, less than  inch in height. I can see large chunks of nuts and there are a lot of blueberries in the bar. When you open the bar, you immediately smell blueberries. It's probably not the most attractive of snack bars, but to be honest, that's not important to me.Taste-wise, I liked it. It's sweet but there's no aftertaste. It's a bit chewy (which I would expect considering the ingredients) with the crunch of nuts. Overall I found it to be a very tasty bar which I can see eating for a mid-morning or afternoon snack.Nutritionally, this bar has 8g of fat, no trans fat, and  3g of fiber (12% DV), which is described as high fiber (in the Amazon description) but that doesn't seem all that high to me (the bar is more honest as describing it as a good source of fiber).Looking over the ingredients everything is listed as organic, with nothing cooked, or processed. Ingredients are listed in this order: Cashews, Walnuts, Rice Protein Concentrate, Wild Blueberries (with Apple Juice Concentrate and Sunflower Oil), Agave Nectar, Almonds, Lemon Juice Concentrate, and Blueberry Flavoring. For a blueberry bar, I wish that the blueberry ingredients were listed higher.Overall, I think these bars would appeal to someone who's interested in organic food or someone who's looking for a gluten-free, raw snack that's also tasty. Of course, organic unfortunately does mean more pricey. At more than $1.50 a bar, these are not inexpensive.
This bar has a nice dried cherry flavor, supplemented by cashew.  And I like that it is made of just dried fruits, nuts, agave syrup, and "organic rice protein concentrate" (whatever that is).The bar itself is smaller that I expected:  3-1/8 by 1-5/8 inches by 7/16 inch thick.  Out of 170 calories, only 7 grams  are protein.  Thus, it is mostly a carby bar, with 25g of carbs, 17g of which are sugar, and 8g of fat.If you prefer raw foods, this bar is probably useful to you. Otherwise there are probably better nutritional alternatives you may prefer that have more protein. Overall, with 190 calories (70 fat), it is hardly a meal substitute, but it may be a useful snack.Also, I do wonder about food safety.  Since it uncooked, how do they make sure there is nothing growing in it once manufacturered?  It has a "Best By" date 9 months from now, how can something unpreserved by heat just sit there without anything growing in it or without oils going rancid?
The taste of the bar was good.  Sweet, but not too sweet.  Had a nice blend of fruit and nut tastes to it.  What I didn't really care for it is the texture.  I found it to be too wet and sticky for my liking.  It is on par with a power bar, but I don't care for those either because of the texture.What also stuck me as odd is that besides having the standard warning that it is produced in a factory that handles nuts, fish and other allergens, there is a warning that it may contain stems and pieces of shell. Really? Ummmm, no thanks. I'll take my bar without foreign objects please.  Just the fruit and nuts please.  I suppose I am missing the point that the bar is raw food.End of the day - it was a tastey little bar.  I think I will stick with my clif bars though.  Equally yummy and they don't tell me that there might be sticks in there. Maybe I should give Pure Bar credit for honesty.
I enjoyed this.  I thought it tasted better than Cliff bar, and since it serves the same purpose as Cliff, I would choose this one if I had to pick between the two.  I especially enjoyed the crunchy nuts.
I've eaten dozens of different food bars over the years.  I mainly eat them at work when I can't easily make something because they are very easy to bring along and have when I'm hungry.  I like how these bars taste and I also like that all of the ingredients are not only organic, but also good for you.  The consistency is somewhat like a banana with nuts in it, so this is not a very hard bar, but the nuts to give it a little crunchiness which is nice.  There is also a decent amount of protein in fiber which I like to have in the bars I eat.  All-in-all this bar will likely stay in my rotation at least until I get tired of it or find something I like better.
This product is above average in taste, quality and edibility. Though I only received one bar for review it was very satisfying indeed. It has a rich fruity taste where you can taste the Cashews and Cherry and it was very satisfying compared to some of the bland products I have tried over the years.I will be keen to try some more of these!
This is a wholesome equivalent to the various power & breakfast bars being offered.  The ingredients are quite impeccable - and the flavor quite good.  Both kids (8&9) enjoyed this bars, and ate them without protest..
This is advertised as a Pure Organic, and as such, and as expected, this has a natural, raw, earthy taste - it's probably the blend of nuts, dates and the other organics included. It is sweet without being overpoweringly sweet (at least for people who like sweets).You do get the snack satisfaction, without the unhealthy-food guilt :) But this is not calorie-free, one Pure bar (one serving) is 190 calories. The very welcome surprise for health-conscious snackers is the big zero, 0mg of sodium!Other nutritional positives, 6g of protein and 3g of fiber. There are traces of various nutrients (0% to 6% of various vitamins and minerals) so don't throw the basket of fresh fruit away :-)The trade-off, as usual, with healthy foods, is price vs "healthiness". Where do you draw the line? (I do not have the answer I'm afraid).
A great snack that has a good blueberry flavor and has healthy ingredients. A great on-the-go snack.
If you're looking for a snack that's a lot better for you than a candy bar, this might be a good option for you.  I enjoyed the blueberry & nut flavors, although the date taste is a touch more pronounced than I'd care for in a perfect world.  Still, I enjoyed these.  The bars are very moist, which I liked.  The price isn't bad, but frankly could be better.If you are looking for a tasty gluten free product, this is one to consider.  While I personally don't have a problem with gluten, I have tried a number of gluten free foods and most of them don't taste so good.  This bar has a nice flavor and solid nutritional statistics.I'd say that if you aren't sure, give it a try.  I enjoyed them.
...and have to say, it is about as good as fruit and nuts smashed into a bar can get. Having succumbed to the urge to say that, the price is high, even for an organic- and ingredient-pure snack. I keep trying these kinds of bars thinking one just might have some real texture and some flavor other than sweet and sweeter.On a more positive note, I hope the Pure Organic people keep at it. They're on the right track. I loved the ingredient list, that nothing in the bars is processed (other than being ground and how else would one make nuts and fruits into a bar!), that the makers support the celiac Disease Foundation, and that they are made in the USA.Will I buy them to eat again. Sure. When I travel. But I still hope Pure Organic will keep at it. Those bars aren't what one could call delectable yet. Maybe I'm hoping for miracles.
I have had some trouble finding a whole, nutritional food snack for those mid-morning cravings or as a breakfast substitute for those busy mornings. The flavor is suttle, but rich. I also liked the fact that my body liked it too. No bubbling tummy or noisey digestive sounds. I have had this problem with other health bars, but not this one!
I was certain I'd prefer the blueberry flavor when I got both blueberry and cherry of this Pure bar as I'm a far more of a blueberry fan than a cherry fan due to the typical acidity of cherry...but the cherry one was by far my favorite of the two. Very smooth cherry flavor. Although I'm also a big fan of the cashews...both for nutritional reasons and flavor, you won't taste much cashew in the bar, per se, as they are finely ground.Did I like it a lot? Yes.  Did I crave more? Not really. But I tend to eat more veggies and protein than I ever do fruit as a personal preference so, that being said, I think they may very well be "crave-able" to fruit fans wanting a healthy boost.I workout every day and love a good energy-burst bar prior to doing so, but have found most powerbars are packed with refined sugar and artificial ingredients. That's a boost that undoes all the good my workout does! So finding one that's filled with good natural things is always a quest I am on. While some of the newer bars have "natural" ingredients, however, this one goes a step further by having those natural ingredients also be organic...so the chemicals used in growing fruits in some bars that may or may not be washed off prior to processing into a natural bar is not a concern here. That's especially good for a healthy snack for kids, but is a preferance for myself as well.The bar is entirely "raw" organic foods...the best for your body, filled with antioxidants. It is high fiber and has 400 mg of omega 3s...very important and many would rather eat a treat than salmon. They are gluten free, dairy free, nongmo.The ingredient list is basic...no refined sugar, just organic cherries, nuts, dates...natural things.These are certified organic. Some foods that claim to be organic have been shown not to be...so this stamp is important meaning it's regulated. They are low sodium.So why one less star? The small bar also has 200 calories. That may not matter to many, but I am short and also have a small build and 200 calories for a snack is actually too much for me if I don't want to undo an entire workout. Eating this as an energy bar prior to a workout would, therefore, undo my whole workout. I wish they could lower the fruit sugars a tad...BUT, that sad...this bar kept me full for a LONG time!! Because of the high fiber and good whole foods, it lasts so it's great to pack if you know you are gonna be on the go somewhere with little time to grab something healthy.
This bar has pretty healthy ingredients in it.  The taste was okay.  It kind of reminded me of an undercooked blueberry muffin.
This is my second Pure Bar flavor I've tried. It primarily tastes like cherry with just a hint of cashew. I'm more of a blueberry fan, so if I was going to eat another Pure Bar, I would go with the Blueberry that is a little more balanced. Otherwise, I found this Cherry bar tasted fine, with a balance of chew more like a fruit bar than any kind of granola bar.
My first thought was that I wanted a second because the bar is not large and I consumed it quickly.  You can see and taste blueberries.  At the same time, blueberries are not the dominant fruit.  Dates are the first ingredient and blueberries fifth.  I think of this as a date bar with blueberries added.  For such a small bar it has a lot of calories - 190, but I didn't detect a sugar rush.  Thus the energy in this bar is relatively slow burning, which is good.This type of fruit/nut bar seems superior to many granola bars that tend to be sticky to the teeth. It didn't take but a couple moments for me to eat this bar. That's 190 calories that were consumed rapidly. Therefore, this bar is not a substitute for fresh fruit and grains, although the packaging makes it convenient is ways that healthier foods cannot always compete.I think this is a healthy snack if one doesn't consume several at once, which is exactly what I would do because it didn't take but a moment for me to finish one.  I liked the taste of this dense, small bar.
I liked this bar, but found the blueberry version of it to taste better. While the cherry is pretty good for many of the same reasons as the blueberry (fresh taste, just the right sweetness level) I found it somewhat bland. The cherry taste does not come through very well - I'd have a hard time saying this was cherry without looking at the wrapper. Thus, while I thought the blueberry was a five-star product, this really only rates a 4.5 or 4.Still, an enjoyable snack, and way better than reaching for a candy bar.
It's hard to determine a lot of things with a small sample of food except you like it, don't like it, and what the taste is like.  I expected something different since this was a Cherry Cashew bar, but it was mostly dates, so it was more like a fig newton.  The cherry taste came through a little, but the cashews were mostly wasted they may as well used a less expensive filler.Bottom line is I did like the bar, but it could be either made cheaper for what it is and still taste the same, or made better and maybe more expensive with more nuts, and more cherries.  I think the only nut that would come through well with a bar like this is maybe the pecan.  They might consider changing the formula a bit.
I am a gluten-free vegan.  Not that I'm a health fanatic--I eat french fries, they're GF vegan-- I just have certain dietary restrictions due to health issues.  So of all people in the world, I felt like celebrating when I found this bar.  I chose to try the blueberry flavor because I love love love real blueberries but have always detested artificial blueberry flavor, so I always taste challenge any product that claims to have blueberries in it.So what did I think of it?  Well, I have tried to think of a nice, mature way to state my first impression, but I can't.  It looks like poop.  It is brown, pureed, and has nuts and berry chunks in it.  Then I tasted it.  Not bad.  No artificial blueberry flavor, not overly sweet, but a natural sort of sweet.  Good.  I offered a bite to my 4-year-old, but she clamped her mouth and went wide-eyed and ran away without tasting.  I offered a bite to my husband and he liked it and wants to buy more... he will really eat anything, so that says nothing.  My 9-year-old son liked it... he is a PETA fan, quite a hippie, so there's some background for you.  My 7-year-old daughter was not overly thrilled but would willingly eat it if she were hungry.  As for me, if I had to choose between these bars versus trail mix, I would take whatever is less expensive.  It really seemed to me to be trail mix in a different form... various nuts, rice protein, blueberries.If you are really into health, and feel the need for bars, this is the bar for you.  If you, like me, are willing to be healthy but still believe in a dash of sugar or salt or oil or something slightly evil, then you will give this bar four stars... it is good, but not a flavor fantasy.I'm curious about the last ingredient: "organic blueberry flavor."  How is that different from "organic wild blueberries" which are listed higher up?  Or if it is just flavoring, who decided that it tastes more like an organic blueberry rather than a standard blueberry?  Or can processed flavoring itself be considered organic?  There are some of these nutritional nuances I will never figure out.
I recently tried thePure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12)and didn't like them at all so I didn't get my hopes up for this flavor. However to my disbelief, I actually enjoyed the wild blueberry bars. It was a totally different experience for me. The mixture of fresh blueberry and nuts makes a great combination. I let my kids try a bite and then went on and on about how much they liked them. These bars are 100% natural without any added preservatives or artificial flavoring. I would recommend these for sure unlike the cherry cashew bars.
I buy a lot of raw food bars, and this is one of the better ones.  Some are hard to chew, or too dry, but this one was moist and tender, and full of flavor.  It was a little on the sweet side, but that appeals to the kids.  I really like the fact that they are marked gluten free.  With a family that includes several celiacs, it makes it nice to be able to look at a label and see that something is gluten free without having to call the company or check the website.
I liked the Pure Organic Wild Blueberry Raw Fruit & Nut Bar.  The nuts in it stand out a lot more than the fruit (with the walnuts showing the strongest flavor in the bar), but the overall flavor is pleasantly fresh tasting.  The bar is organic and lacks a lot of the ingredients one might want to avoid; such as sodium and processed sugar (though the bar does have 19g of natural fruit sugars).
I wasn't too crazy about the texture of this bar, as much as I wanted to like it.  It was a lot gooey-er than I prefer.  However the content is great, and I appreciate that.  This bar is vegan, good for Celiac Disease sufferers as it is gluten-free.  I would compare it a bit to the Pro Bar Fruition bar.  This bar has a higher protein count, which is always good in my opinion.  This bar has 6 grams of protein versus the 3 grams in the Pro Bar.  Both bars are the same size  The calorie count for the Pure Bar is a little higher (190 calories vs. 160 calories) but the real difference is the calories from fat.  With the Pure Bar 70 calories are from fat, vs. only 20 being from fat with the Pro Bar.  But don't forget that the Pure Bar has twice as much protein than the Pro Bar.It has lots of great organic ingredients, and the wrapper states that "nothing is cooked or processed", which doesn't really matter too much to me, but must be important to some.To me it comes down to texture and flavor, plus the protein count.  I wouldn't eat this on a regular basis, but would come in handy for a mid-day snack when I'm out and about.  Since this bar has no chocolate type coating, it would hold up well in the heat.  Also since it's gooey-ish, it wouldn't get pulverized in my purse when carrying it around and forgetting about it.  (right?!)
I admittedly have not tried many of these types of bars, but I do avoid processed foods in my diet, so these appealed to me as a way to get some additional fruit into my diet in a convenient way. I wasn't disappointed. The bars are just sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth, and they're pleasantly chewy. I'll definitely be grabbing these whenever I'm in the mood for a sweet snack.
Basically this bar tastes like a fig newton without the pastry outer layer. That's what it reminded me of.I guess if you are craving something sweet and nutritious this might be the way to go. I wasn't excited by it.The blueberry taste was good. I'm not into fruit bars much but I can't fault this product.I've tasted better fruit bars such as the PROBAR Fruition Superfood Snack Bar.
Of the 2 I tested, I liked the Wild Blueberry bar much more.  Overall, both are very soft, dense and have a decent amount of nutrition to help curb your otherwise unhealthy snacking.
I only received one bar in which to base my review, so three bites later, here we are.  First, I liked the list of ingredients.  They mainly were comprised of uncooked nuts and fruit, organic too.  Not being a big advocate for raw and organic (I just keep thinking how do they get rid of the bad bacteria and cancer causing fungi without high-heat pasteurization and agriculturally applied fungicide), I'm thinking that this bar cannot taste good, but it does.  Take a handful of raw mixed nuts and blend it with some dried fruit and that is what this bar tastes like.  Pretty good.
I'm not a cashew fan so I braced myself to be objective regardless of my personal likes and dislikes (it's a cherry cashew bar after all).  To my surprise I found the taste of cashew was very faint as walnuts and almonds were the more prominent nutty flavors.  That can be an advantage or disadvantage depending on how much cashew you wanted in your bar.  What does explode is an incredible amount of sweet cherry flavor along with the fibrous texture common in health bars.  It has enough sugar (via agave syrup and already sweet Oregon cherries) to equal a couple of chocolate chip cookies, frankly, but if you'd rather get your sweets from nature it's a tasty choice.
This is a great-tasting bar.  Tangy cherry + nuts really reminds me of a fruit cake.  I has 190 calories and nutritional content similar to Zone bars.  However, I felt a bit more full while chewing on a Zone Bar.  Oddly enough I think its because Zone bars require more chewing and Pure Bars are very soft and delicate and you can finish them rather quickly.  Obviously the more chewing you do, the longer it takes you to finish the bar and by the time you ate one, your brain already told your stomach that it has something inside.  Therefore, I find Pure Bars to be more addicting and would eat them more as a snack(candy bar alternative,) rather than a meal replacement bar.
I had the opportunity to try both the cherry cashew and the wild blueberry flavors. This flavor gets an extra star for the taste.While I still feel that those enjoying a raw food lifestyle would be better off making their own snack bars...this flavor might find its way into my shopping basket on a regular basis.Here is my reveiw fromt the cherry cashew flavor:I love that this bar is made from raw foods!! I've been trying to incorporate raw foods into half of my diet. For this, the bar earns 5 stars.The taste takes some of this away. I've prepared raw foods. I've sampled many raw foods prepared by others. I know they can taste awesome. The taste of this bar was just meh. Not offensive. Not drool-worthy. Just meh.Otherwise an excellent source of nutrients. Maybe I'd buy it if it were on sale & I was in immediate need of such snack. Otherwise I'm better off with my home-prepared raw snacks. Good attempt though and it's far healthier than many of the snack bars on the market.
This is one of the most satisfying energy/snack bars that I have come across. The pure nut and fruit flavor is very light and does not make you feel like you are eating processed food at all. Unlike many other sports bars, there is also no discernable aftertaste, nor does this bar leave you feeling bloated or otherwise uncomfortable. This is probably one of the healthiest on-the-go snacks or meal replacements that you'll find.
These bars are GOOD!There, that should be all I need to say. However, in the interest of a fair review, I will continue. The bars are sweet with being cloying, and taste rather like a dampish fruit leather. The honest fruit flavors shine. They are the perfect size for an energy boost in your day, but are a bit small to use as breakfast bar. The only negative I could say is that they ARE damp and slightly sticky, requiring the prudent use of the wrapper to avoid seriously goopy fingers.A small price to pay for a delicious treat!
The ingredients in this bar are organic and healthy.  The texture is a little odd: It's not dry and it doesn't have that cardboard characteristic a lot of organic foods have, but it is kind of sticky and gooey.  The sweetness from the fruit sugars in the bar is overpowering and a little cloying.  You can't even really taste the blueberry over all the other ingredients.  For an organic bar, though, it's quite good.  At 190 calories it's not quite a meal, so pairing it with something less sweet to make it a meal would be ideal.  The price is, unfortunately, a bit steep, even a little more than other organic bars I have seen locally.
As you might be able to see I'm a Vine Voice member which means I get to sample products and then review them. I mention that not to brag but because Pure Bar was rather miserly with their sample size and I received a whopping one bar. With a product like this it can be difficult to make an accurate judgment, particularly on taste with just a single bar but I will try to do just that.It certainly wasn't love at first bite. The "Pure" bar is rather dense and chewy with large chunks of nuts, dates and blue berries. My initial reaction was to compare it to a fruit cake and I am not a fan of fruit cakes. After a few more bites it started to grow on me but then it was done. In the end I would give the taste a good score. It's not as tasty as a candy bar but it's not advertised as a desert, it falls under the category of cereal bar. As a breakfast replacement it's good for people on the go and I could definitely see it useful for travel and sports for a quick burst of energy.Where Pure Bar excels is in the ingredients and I'm willing to accept a less than staggeringly awesome taste given the fact that there are precisely zero chemicals and preservatives. Well, actually I'm not sure what Rice Protein Concentrate is but the rest is just dates, cashews, blue berries, walnuts, agave nectar and almonds. As the back of the bar says "that's all! Nothing cooked. Nothing processed. Completely PURE.".Nearly $1.70 per bar is a little high but not killer. You can get a bit of mileage out of 190 calories and I figure there is an extra overhead to getting all organic ingredients with no preservatives. This price is marked down from $2.50 a bar and at that price I would take a pass. You could buy a decent meal of fruit from the grocery store for the price. I'll give the makers credit for having their hearts in the right place and I think it's a good product but it didn't blow me away enough to get a full five stars.
Ingredients:Organic Dates, Cashews, Organic Cherries, Organic Rice Protein, Organic Walnuts, Organic Agave Nectar, Organic Almonds---and that's it!Considering the price of organics to make a quality product, I think the price is a deal!  The taste of cherries is not strong and overpowering, date is the prevailing flavor, the combination of ingredients is, in my opinion, a great mix for a good flavor without being too sweet.  For those who watch gluten, you will be happy to know this has none!  Also it has no--refined sugar, cholesterol, trans fat, preservatives, color or dairy.  I thinks it just nice to be able to have a decent tasting snack and feel good about it!  Hope you enjoy yours as much as I.  If you are really a stickler on ingredients their web-site is [...].
Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar;  I am a vegan so I thought I'd like these bars and I did because of the cherries. My husband loves them too hence the four stars. These were very tasty. They are loaded with vitamins and minerals with protein. These bars are a healthy alternative to a candy. The cost if purchased on the subscribe and save method is not bad at $1.41 a bar.  I would say they are a bar to have as a fast meal if you are running late; however, I'd use them mostly as a mid-day pick me up snack. Because they are raw I would not keep them on my self long or in my car.There are many flavors to choose from. I recommend them and will definitely buy.
It's impossible not to like the quality of this product. It's organic, raw, gluten-free. It's certified vegan and certified kosher.All natural and non-dairy (and completely uncooked). Low sodium with 400mg Omega 3 an d4 grams of fiber. (Of course, no refined sugar, no soy, preservatives, trans fats, cholesterol etc.And "15 vitamins an minerals"--plus anti-oxidants from cherries. Dietetically, it is worth 1-1 1/2 fruits Yes, if you're looking for nutrition, you'd be better off eating a fruit). But if you're looking for a SNACK, this is a great choice. It satisfied my sweet tooth without being very sweet--and felt like a much better choice than 99% of the usual "snack foods", mainly because it is raw and "natural" with great ingreients (see above) an a lack of processing.Taste? Well, that's always subjective, but I liked it well enough. It wasn't chewy--but almost. I defintely tasted the cashews (which I love). No sign of cherries for me, the overwhelming taste is kind of a processed date-fig base (even though it is UNprocessed and there are no figs). Especially at Amazon's reduced price $19 for 12, the price isn't bad, even though the product is smallish (about 6"). I could see it being a nice mid-day snack with a cup of tea, staving off hunger even, as part of a diet plan.I liked it.
I was a bit scared of trying out something that is raw but this bar actually tasted pretty good.  The texture is like a fig newton and it smells nice. It's made from organic ingredients:  dates, cashews, walnuts, rice protein concentrate, wild blueberries, apple juice concentrate, sunflower oil, agave nectar, almonds, lemon juice concentrate, blueberry flavor.  Nothing is cooked or processed.It's also gluten-free and vegan.  One bar equals a full serving of fruit. It has 190 calories, 70 from fat, but that good fat from the nuts.  The nuts also provide a lot of Omega 3s. It has 19g. of sugar - that's more or less a teaspoon of sugar, but not the processed kind because it comes from the fruit. I'm a diabetic and I would recommend this product.  I would have liked  a touch of salt.  It has 0% sodium but some would have rounded off the taste and taken the edge off the sweetness.  I would also like more of the blueberry taste to come through.
These tasted great. They reminded me of the Blueberry flavor Larabars I normally eat. When you look at the label you're thinking "Whoa! 190 calories! That's like a hamburger's worth!". But, that's a bit misleading as most of the calories consist of protein and natural fruit sugars. Trust me, this no plain ole candy bar being pitched as healthy. The heavy fiber content and vitamin combo will melt those calories right off. It'll also clean your system and not just in some fancy New Age way.
Tastes like a dense blueberry nutbread.  Real blueberry flavor and lots of it.  Pretty good, actually, as sampled by an 8 yr old, a 14 yr old, and two adults.  Everyone liked it.  Although th blueberry was a little overwhelming, the walnut came through, and the texture was pretty good also; like a dense nutbread rather than a sticky or taffy like protein bar.  I'd get it again, but in small amounts, as it would be easy to overdo the blueberry flavor.
I actually bought a case before I got this bar from vine but had not left review, so this review is after getting from vine. The wild blueberry flavor is very strong, so if you love blueberry and nuts you will love this bar. The texture is similar to a chewy brownie with lots of almonds for crunch making it very filling. Wild blueberries  have higher ORAC (antioxidant power) values, and the blueberries are apple juice infused not sugar, so very healthy bar.I love to have one with a cup ofCafe Altura Organic Coffee, Sumatran Dark Roast, Whole Bean, 32-Ounce Bag. Great for fast breakfast or sanck.
I'll admit I'm not generally a healthy eater and don't have too many organic fruit bars, so I'm not sure what to compare this with. However, I thought it was pretty good. It's a bit like a soft granola bar - you can taste the grains, without the crunch. However, for me at least, the cherry flavor wasn't very strong. I love anything cherry (I drink cherry-flavored seltzer regularly), and thought this bar had more of a strawberry-cashew flavor. Still tasty nonetheless.
I love anything made with blueberries, so I had to try these bars. They have a delicious blueberry, date and walnut taste and are so natural, they taste much better than other health bars I've tried. Like the name says, they are PURE. The ingredients are organic, they're raw and they have no added sugar or other fillers. They're also vegan and gluten free which is great for people with dietary concerns. I like these bars as a healthy snack in between meals. They're filling and a easy way to get an extra serving of fruit and protein into your diet.
The larger percentage of the ingredients in these bars seems to be the fruit, but it is not extremely sweet. The texture reminds me of a thick fruit-roll up with some nuts and other ingredients pressed in to it. The flavor is just okay.  I wouldn't buy them for their flavor but I would if I really needed a fast and healthy gluten-free snack handy.
I really liked this wild blueberry bar and the only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it is not as good as the cherry cashew bar. One cannot go wrong with raw/organic. I don't normally purchase this kind of thing, but I will certainly purchase these as snacks in the future. I also think they are a nice, healthy option for young kids.
I was certainly glad to find that I had stuck my Pure Bar in my jacket pocket on a recent flight, when the only other offerings keeping me from starvation were airplane peanuts, so this review is definitely right-leaning in its bias. After not having had breakfast, this little bar of blueberryness made everything right with the world. It's certified vegan, Kosher, and organic ("no artificial nothin'"), no gluten, no trans fats, and it fills up the corners. Because of all its pluses, I would buy it again; on the side of fairness, however, it has the same amount of calories most bars of its type have, and while it is good, it doesn't knock itself out of the park. Shortly put, it's satisfying, and fills the needs of many who need to watch their intake of certain ingredients.
I'm quite fond of cherries and cashews, and combining them worked out just fine! These are nice to keep around when I'm traveling or even just running errands, as an alternative to various fast foods and snack foods out there. They're really just raw fruit (dried, of course) mixed with nuts and packaged for easy storage and use. Very tasty and very easy! Oh, and I never even noticed that they were low in sodium; there was too much flavor for me to care about that.
This is my first time trying PURE fruit and nut bar.  I don't know what I was expecting, maybe the taste of a regular trail mix bar.  It's hard to describe what the PURE bar (blueberry flavor) tastes like, but it's not an unpleasant flavor.  The fruity flavor is obvious, and the nuts do not overwhelm the tastebuds.  I like that the bar is soft and chewy, and not too sweet.  Also, it's made out of all natural and organic ingredients, with nothing processed.  That to me is worth having a bar that doesn't have the conventional taste of other energy bars.  The taste is not bad, but it's not delicious either.  However, the bar is filling and doesn't make you feel guilty about eating it, because the ingredients are so healthy.I would recommend these bars as snacks, but they do have plenty of calories, so I wouldn't eat too many of them at once.  But that's true of any kind of snack.
This isn't bad for a gluten-free berry bar.  A bit on the sweet side, but crunchy and satisfying.  Good fruit taste.  I find that most fruit bars are pretty addictive and don't serve to quell your appetite- this one does a better job than most due to the raw nuts.
The "yummy" part of my review is probably self-evident...the "well-balanced," however, doesn't so much mean that this is a well-balanced part of your diet, but rather that the components are well-balanced to make this scrumptious- not too sweet, not too tart.The consistency of this bar surprised me, as it's moist and fudgy. The natural flavors of cherry and cashew complement each other very well and, as I mentioned before, it seems like real care went into matching the ingredients so that the final result doesn't taste like a candy bar (and that's a GOOD thing)!One bar (1.7 ounces) makes for a substantial treat or meal on the go...especially when matched with a cup of hot coffee (admittedly, your tastes may vary). Recommended!
You know by the taste that "Pure" Organic Raw Fruit and Nut Bar is good for you!  This bar satisfies hunger and keeps you feeling full for quite awhile.  For people on-the-go who have little time to stop for lunch, this bar is quite sufficient in providing the nutrients you need to keep plugging along during the day.
This is a very pleasant tasting snack bar.  It is mild in taste and texture.  I think because it's so natural and relies on natural sugar rather than a heap of processed sugar, it just doesn't have a bold, over-the-top taste like other foods we are all used to.  But that's a good thing, because this bar is actually good for you.I agree with another review that likens this bar to a fig newton.  It definitely has a prominant fig taste, with a nice hint of blueberry.  I noticed the blueberry taste got stronger as I ate the bar.  The texture of the nuts is a little bit crunchy, but very easy to chew.  This is definitely not like a trail mix bar.The only thing this bar has going against it is its diminutive size (3.5" x 2"), and it's price.  Health food made from good quality ingredients is expensive to make, so this should be no surprise.  I just know that personally I would never spend 20 clams on 12 small bars like this....but then I'm not a complete health food nut like some people are so I think there is definitely a market for this product.
Surprisingly tasty without the sickeningly sweet taste of many other snack bars. I expected dry and tasteless but was pleasantly surprised to find it moist and flavorful.  Similar in taste to a Fruit or Fig Newton without the extra sugar, salt, nonessentials, and unhealthy ingredients. The all natural unrefined ingredients were a refreshing change from so many other over-processed bars that load up on sugar, salt, and chocolate to make them appealing. At the same time this bar is extremely filling without that spiked hungry feeling half an hour later that leaves you wanting more.  The most enjoyable thing about this bar is that you can taste the real blueberries. The dates, nuts, and other natural organic ingredients in this bar are noticeable but they don't seem to detract in any way from the blueberry flavor.Although high in calories (190 per bar), it has 0g of sodium, 3 g of fiber, 19g sugar 6g protein, making it a well within reason as a nutritious snack for someone who lives a healthy active lifestyle. I believe these bars would be great for anyone wishing to improve eating habits to include more natural and wholesome ingredients, or prefers organic foods to more processed and refined snacks, and perfect for Vegetarians and Vegans alike. But this bar might be a little too high in calories to be considered a weight-loss snack bar and possibly lacking in enough essential nutrients to be a full meal replacement.  Overall, I think it makes a healthy nutritious snack and is well worth the extra money it might cost over some of the competition, especially when considering it is organic and vegan friendly.
I received this bar not expecting much, and I was quite pleasantly surprised. So many bars of this nature (gluten-free, protein-powder-added type bars) has a distinctly "vitamin-y" smell and flavor. These do not. The cherry could certainly be more pronounced, but then I think that about every single fruit-containing bar I have ever eaten. So that may just be my sweet tooth acting up.Pretty good nutritionally speaking...super low sodium, good healthy nut fats, fruit, etc. Good amount of dietary fiber. Slightly high in sugar, but not terribly so.The other thing I liked was the texture. Chewy and moist, not gritty and chalky like you may expect. It would be great as solid food for a long bicycle ride.The only thing that puts me off at all is the expense. A little higher than I'm comfortable paying on a regular basis, but that's all about how much value you place on the product and how much extra cash you happen to have, so YMMV.
This is a great little bar with healthy ingredients. If they would cut down the sugars by about 30% and increase the oats by a like amount, I'd rate it a 5. Still, one of the best I've found.
My experiences with health and energy bars have been mixed. Most of the ones I've tried are pricey, taste terrible, and make me feel like I've swallowed powdered cement. So, I was cautious about Pure Bar. My general view, based on experience, is that the healthier and more "organic" it is, the worse it's going to be and this one is jam-packed with things like organic dates, organic cashews, organic rice protein concentrate, and other organic healthy stuff--so it couldn't possibly be delicious, right? Wrong. I was pleasantly surprised after the first bite hit my taste buds. These things are really good! Unlike most health bars I've tried, these are chewy and moist--not hard and dry. I don't have to wash this down with a drink in order to get it from my throat to my stomach, and there's no nasty aftertaste. And, the price is definitely reasonable! I'll be buying more of these for sure.
As a new mom, I'm often left 'snacking' my meals away throughout the day. This usually means a lot of food in 'bar' form. Given that fact, I prefer eating things that are as tasty as they are healthy.In comparing the Cherry Cashew bar to its Wild Blueberry cousin, it's hands down tastier. I also found the consistency more appealing.At 190 calories for this bar with its mix of nutrient percentages, I'd still say that Cliff bars have an advantage from a shear sustenance standpoint, but I did like the taste of this bar.Overall, good taste, good bar.
The Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar is a tasty snack that much healthier for you than a vending machine candy bar.  Just keep in mind that this is organic, but *not* a diet food.The first ingredient is dates, and in fact the overall flavor is that of dates, with a subtle hint of cherries, and nuts.  There is also a bit of "sawdust" consistency to the bar, not sure if this is from the ground nuts or the organic rice protein.  I enjoyed the flavor of this bar; the dates and cherries make a fine combination.It's not sweet compared to a candy bar, but there is enough natural sugar in it from the dates, cherries, and agave nectar to total 17 grams of sugar in a bar.  There is also 8 grams of fat from the ground cashews, walnuts, and almonds.  Though certainly healthier than standard candy bars, these still have to be considered a fairly high calorie "treat" and not a diet food.In all, I really did like the Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar; I received a free sample for the purposes of this review, but would happily buy a box of these in the future.
I am an active, health conscious individual who is always trying to shed a few pounds.  I eat an early dinner around 5:00 P.M.  Sometimes, I don't climb into bed for another six hours.  At that late hour, I am normally hungry again.  Instead of eating junk food, I try to eat something healthy such as a bowl of high fiber cereal with nuts, a cup of yogurt, a bowl of grits or a small can of fruit.  I'm always looking for healthy alternatives for snacking.  However, some health bars taste horrible.  I was very excited to try the 1.7 ounce cherry cashew organic bar from PURE.All the ingredients are organic.  There are no preservatives or refined sugars.  This small, sticky bar is approximately 3 1/4" long X 1 5/8" wide X 7/16" thick.  It has 190 calories, 70 of which come from fat.  I have scanned and posted the wrapper which shows the nutrition facts, allergy statement, ingredients, expiration date, web site and healthy reasons for purchasing the bar.Tonight, before going to bed, I ate the cherry cashew organic bar with a glass of cold soy milk.  Its bountiful supply of dried fruit (cherries and dates) and nuts (cashews, walnuts and almonds) gives it a chewy texture.  It has a deliciously tart cherry taste.  In this bar, I could definitely taste the cherries.  The wild blueberry bar from PURE had a more mild taste; I couldn't really taste the blueberries.  These bars remind me of fruit cakes, the type I eat at Christmas.  When going to bed, instead of a plate of cookies, eat one or two of these PURE bars with a glass of soy milk.  I say two because it will be difficult to only eat just one.Joseph B. Hoyos
It was a nice surprise to bite into a dehydrated raw food bar that didn't taste entirely like almonds and dates with a hint of "flavoring". This Wild Blueberry bar actually tasted like wild blueberries!It reminded both of us of those fig bars we used to have as kids that had different flavors, one being some blue goo resembling a blueberry mash.Overall, a very satisfying bar in both taste and consistency.
I know it often takes some time for changed to be incorporated on product descriptions here, even after companies have submitted them, so I'm hopeful that it's just an unintentional lag. The current label has different ingredients and claims from the product description. Here's what it says:Certified Organic Ingredients: Organic dates, organic cashews, organic walnuts, organic rice protein concentrate, organic wild blueberries (with organic apple juice concentrate and organic sunflower oil), organic agave nectar, organic almonds, organic lemon juice concentrate, organic blueberry flavor.It also now says it has a "full serving fruit" instead of the one-and-a-half serving claimed in the product description here, so it looks like the fruit content has gone down in the reformulation of this product. Too bad. Other things to be aware of: 19g of sugar, 3g fiber, 26g of carbs.Taste is, of course, such a subjective thing. I like this flavor. I can taste the blueberries and the dates. The texture rates "so-so" to me-- I prefer the texture of rice bars, granola bars, etc. better-- a crunchier and lighter texture. These bars are solid and smooth with just a little bit of nutty crunch. Luckily, they're not heavy and chewy like so many protein bars.All in all, I don't love the texture enough to reach for it very often, but I appreciate the organic ingredients and the health benefits and hope this company will continue producing other healthy snacks.
I love organic food for myself and family.  This is a great bar.  Tastes good, good for you.  A good way to get your fruit and fiber for the day.  Highly recommend.
It's sweet enough, but not overly sweet with a strong tart cherry flavor.It is more like a dried fruit bar with only a few nuts.  I thought it would be more of a nut bar with dried cherries, but if you are looking for a fruit bar, it's good.Whether or not you want to eat a 200 calorie bar is your own choice, but this tastes good, so I gave it 4 stars.
The first thing I look at with just about any food product is ingredients, and there's nothing to worry about here on the label: dates, cashews, cherries, rice protein concentrate, walnuts, agave nectar, almonds (in that order).  That's it.  *All* are organic (and the product is USDA certified Organic on the label).  Interestingly, the ingredients listed on the package differ from what's listed in the Amazon listing.  I assume the "rice protein concentrate" is to add some additional protein.  The size is about typical for these kinds of energy bars (pretty small), and the price is astronomical for the amount of food you get, but not too much more than a clif or powerbar from the supermarket.  Anyway, this particular product is kinda like a Clif bar, but easier to chew (not hard).  Taste is okay... very natural, and not bad at all.  Certainly not a bad product to pick up for special occasions (workouts, etc), but I don't think I'll be incorporating these into my everyday routine, they're too expensive for my budget.Some of the Nutrition facts (1 bar serving): 190 calories, 70 fat calories, 8g fat, 25g carbohydrates, 3g fiber, 17g sugars, 7g protein
These bars are wonderful! The cherry flavor is powerful and the texture is just right. I will be buying more of these bars. If only they were bigger!
After now having tried two of the PURE organic bars, they're starting to grow on me. This flavor, cherry, is definitely better than the blueberry one I'd tried earlier. That being said, it still isn't the most delicious fruit/nut bar I've tried, and is far from being there. I realize it's healthier for you, but, for me, taste has a big part to do with it. It's not like I want to eat cardboard, for instance.In the end, it's really not bad. If you're looking for something healthy, that tastes a little better than cardboard, you've got your bar. Otherwise, maybe look at special K and other bars for something more tasty.
The Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew fruit and nut bar is a refreshing alternative to sugarry snacks. It is not meant to be a meal replacement bar, or a fruit snack confection but does have some attributes of each.It contains the vitamins and minerals of fruit, the protein and crunchiness of nuts.It is more moist than meal bars, has no added sugar and natural flavors.Camparing it to the Pre blueberry bar, the cherry bar has a more subtle fruit flavor.
To be honest , I wasn't expecting much. Usually , these types of products are bland and tasteless. Happy to say that this was an exception. Very flavorful and left you wanting to buy more.
The packaging is great and looks attractive.  I had tried the blueberry bar first and was underwhelmed.  I liked the cherry better.  It was sweeter and less bland than the blueberry variety.  As with the blueberry, the toddler liked it.  A good, healthy snack when on the go.
I know how hard it can be to stand in the grocery store and read a label to try to figure out exactly the ingredients in a product.  The Pure company has solved that problem for you by listing both what is and what isn't in this fruit and nut bar.  Sometimes what isn't there can be even more important than what is there.  For anyone on a medically restricted diet caused by allergies, this product will be good news because it contains absolutely no gluten, dairy or soy products.  Additionally, it contains no preservatives of any kind.The bar is approximately 3" x 1.75" with an indentation down the middle for easy halving.  The full bar contains 190 calories according to the label.  I enjoyed my bar with a cup of hot tea and it really was quite good.  In fact, I was rather surprised at how much I liked it.  The cherries were completely recognizable and had that tart/sweet taste of raw fruit, I could taste the dates, and pieces of nuts were plainly visible.  The bar was rather sticky which is probably to be expected of a raw, compressed food, but it wasn't so much of a problem that it would cause me to refrain from buying this product.  The label says to watch out for pieces of nut (well it is a nut bar), shells, stems or pits.  Luckily I missed any of the unwanted bits.
I've only had a chance to eat one of thesePure Bar Organic Wild Blueberry, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12)bars, so my commentary is limited to the one experience.  My first reaction was that it's like eating a bar of the stuff that you find in a Fig Newton(R) but I mean that in a good way.  It's just the pure flavor, and no cookie on the outside.  The Blueberry was not too tart or too sweet.  The mixture of blueberries and nuts tasted good to me.  My wife had a small byte too and felt it was, OK (she would have rated it lower).  Since there is no cookie covering, the bar is sticky.I got a kick out of the contents -- they listed about 11 (eleven!) different "Organic" ingredients, with Blueberry being the 5th.  I would take this bar on a hike when I needed a boost of energy and calories, but at 190 calories per bar I would not just snack on a few of these while watching TV.Caution, there is an allergy warning on the wrapper, for cashews, walnuts, almonds, and it's produced in a facility where other allergens are used, including soy, milk, egg, wheat, peanuts, fish, and tree nuts.
If you're into fruit/snack bars plus natural and organic foods, I think you'll find this enjoyable. If you're not into natural foods, you probably won't. I gave some to my wife and two sons. My wife thought it was nice, as did my elder son (age 8). My younger son (6) took a taste and handed the rest back. Probably because it wasn't too sweet.Probably the best way to describe the taste would be "mild". The cherry and cashew flavors are obvious, but not blatant. It's not excessively sweet, either, because there's no refined sugar used. Personally, I liked it. If you're used to sugared foods and fruit bars, it will probably take some time to get used to the flavor.The bar itself is rather chewy, but not in a sticky sort of way. I also thought it was slightly on the dry side. My elder son thought the same: a tad dry.This is not a nutrition bar. It has very little of the bad stuff: 5 mg Sodium, no cholesterol, no saturated or trans. fats. There's also a nice assortment of vitamins and minerals in small amounts (4%-6% daily value). So while it's not going to load you up on a lot of bad stuff, it's not providing a significant amount of required nutrients, either. Eat this as a snack, not as a meal replacement.
Tasty, raw, and portable.Pure is a brand I know and enjoy. This is another in a long line of great tasting products from this terrific company.I recommend it for folks trying to get kids to eat better snacks.
This is a pretty good bar.  It has a real nice fruitiness to it.  The cherry flavor is sweet-tart but not overly tart like a kids candy.  For me, the cashews is what really wins me over.  A 1.7 oz. bar provides 190 calories (8g fat, 25g carbs, 7g protein).  Not bad.  Compare to Odwalla bars that come in at 2 oz. and 200+ calories.  Personally, I would like the bar to be a little bigger but, I often eat these bars either as a meal or while I am walking a round of golf so I want as many calories as I can get.  The package is almost twice as long as the bar (marketing trick).Considering this bar is free of preservatives, trans fats, cholesterol, refined sugar, gluten, soy, and dairy it is pretty good.  If you have an allergy to any of those things this is a good snack food choice.
I've taken a picture of the product so you can see what it looks like.  I feel that the picture explains the texture and flavor better than I can.  As you can see in the picture, it has a consistency closer to a "fruit rollup" than a granola bar.After reading the ingredient list, its easy to see why the cherry flavor isn't overwhelming- dates are the main ingredient.  I guess a date/cashew bar wouldn't have sold so well but thats really what this is.It has 190 calories, enough to qualify as a decent snack.  Its sweet, thanks to the cherries, without any added sugar.  The ingredients list is:Dates, organic cashews, organic cherries, organic rice protein concentrate, Organic Walnuts, Organic Agave Nectar, Organic Almonds.The rice protein additive bulks the protein up to 7 grams per bar, which is pretty impressive.overall, I take issue with calling it a Cherry Cashew bar... but... its very tasty and moister than many bars I've had.Definitely better than your average Clif bar or Granola bar.  In comparison, a clif bar is 11g of protein and 68g as opposed to 7g of protein and 48g.  And this bar tastes a LOT better.
I have tried A LOT of bars and I've had some truly great ones and some truly awful ones.  The PURE Organic Cherry Cashew falls close the great side of the spectrum.  The taste is actually better than I expected.  Many times the "natural" or "organic" bars tend to be dry or are barely stuck together raw materials.  These were moist and in a bar form that doesn't crumble upon biting.  My problem with this bar is its bang for the buck.  I mean caloric bang for the nutrient buck and well as the 1.7oz size for the money.  200 calories for only 6g Protein and 4g Fiber seems like a lot to me.  For a few more calories (240) you can have a 2.4 oz Clif bar with 12g Protein and 5g Fiber.  Of course, bars - whether they are for energy, snacks, meal replacement or workouts are only good if you like the taste.  If you're not after Protein and 200 calories is what you're after - these are good!
I really like cashews and this bar has large pieces of them in it, which made me really happy. The bar is a good size for an afternoon snack or a pick me up while exercising/hiking at 1.7 oz. The ingredients are very natural with organic dates, cashews, cherries, walnuts, almonds, agave nectar and rice protein being the entirety of them. The cherries are a bit tart which helps give the bar a good flavor with enough sweetness added by the agave nectar. The bar is rather soft, but firm enough to hold. It is a tad sticky but won't leave a residue on your fingers. I really liked this bad.
I am always on the lookout for a healthy snack to carry in my purse in case I can't stop when my tummy rumbles to get a meal. I've always shied away from those super-health food bars, because in past experience, you take too much sugar, salt, etc out of something, you end up not being able to tell the taste of the food from the wrapper it came in. I was surprised this time! This is actually GOOD. In addition to being good for you. So I can be happy, and my doctor can be happy. It's chewy, moist, sweet enough and tastes fresh. No weird aftertaste. I will definitely be carrying these in my purse.
This is a soft-chewy bar (kind of like a date is soft chewy--like a date paste but in a bar), about 3 inches long x 1  wide (inside the wrapper) and less than  inch thick, not a granola bar, a cherry type taste with plenty of cashew bits throughout, nice smooth taste, seems filling.  It kind of reminds you of a date taste, enhanced with cherry taste.  Certified Organic by USDA seal.  Certified gluten free.Ingredients, in order listed are:  organic dates, organic cashews, organic cherries, organic rice protein concentrate, organic walnuts, organic agave nectar (sweetener), organic almonds.  Nothing cooked.  Nothing processed.  Is processed in a facility that processes soy, milk, egg, wheat, nuts and fish.  Comes from Holland, Michigan.Nutrition: 1 bar has 190 calories, 70 of which are fat calories. Has 0 trans fat, 5 mg sodium, 220 mg potassium, 17 g sugars (in natural fruit sugars).  Also has Vitamins C and B6, Calcium, Iron, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Niacin, Folate, Phosphorus, magnesium, Zinc, and Copper.  It comes in a sealed foil wrapper.I like it and I would definitely have it again.  It tastes pretty good, sounds non-abrasive, and seems healthy.  It has a nice serving of potassium too.  (Note--I am not a doctor, but as you lose fluid, you are supposed to ensure you maintain sufficient potassium levels.  As the humid sweaty days approach the east coast, this might be a good product to re-supply the potassium you, or your children, lose in the summer.)
The flavor of this cherry cashew fruit and nut bar is really tasty!  The texture is pleasant and I appreciate that unlike many snack bars, it has a more chewy consistency.  However, because it's chewy, it's also quite oily.  I'm sure this adds to the flavor, but this doesn't "feel" like a healthy snack.  Makes a great mid-morning or afternoon treat, though.  I'd definitely eat another one or two!
I am a blueberry fan. I put them in lots of baked goods, eat them fresh every summer. So I was excited to try this bar in blueberry; I've been eating the PURE Cherry bars for some time now. I was surprised by the taste of these bars, neither pleasantly nor unpleasantly, just surprised. They were not very sweet - and the cherry bars are. So this was both good and bad. The cherry bars sometimes are too sweet and I feel like I've eaten candy afterward, whereas the blueberry bars have a subtle sweetness with a mellow flavor. The cashews dominate the taste in these. So, for every day fare, (especially for gluten free people) theses are much more grounding and more food-like than candy like. However, it's not necessarily a taste that I would crave every day. But that's me. They are definitely worth adding to your collection of bars - it's always nice to have variety. Enjoy!
Given the attributes: raw, vegan, and gluten-free, it would be reasonable to expect this bar to be unpalatable, especially considering some of the disgusting food bars I've come across that *didn't* offer anything special.  However PURE has done a fine job with the texture and flavor.  It's gooey and mildly sweet, with crunchy nuts.The blueberries came across more as aroma than actual taste, which was a little disappointing.It's not going to replace Clif Bars for my hiking excursions, but if I have a vegan or Celiac friend coming along, I'll recommend these.
As these bars are made without most of the bad stuff in others, they taste rather different. Not bad, just different. Noticeably less sweet, and without the artificial binders, they also feel different in terms of texture. It would take some getting used to, doing without all that sugary flavor, but the blueberry bar tasted just fine.
with all sorts of things that I'm sure are good for you in moderation.  Is it PURE? Don't know about that but it did fill me up instead of eating a candy bar.  And, it lasted for around 3 hours.I will buy this again as it's perfect to keep in the car, book bag or purse.  No chocolate to melt into the side of the package.  Packed full of energy, calories and protein.
I have previously triedPure Bar Organic Wild Blueberry, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12)and liked that bar to the same degree as this bar. Pure claims their bar is "Organic; Raw; Gluten-Free; Certified Kosher; Certified Vegan; Healthy; Delightful". Each bar is 190 calories and contains 8 grams of total fat, 7 grams of proteins and 25 grams of total carbohydrates. The Cherry Cashew bar does contain 5 mg of sodium. When I open the bar there was no aroma of cherry and the bar look like all the date bars now being sold as this type of organic bar. Though this date paste has a smooth texture holding in place chopped nuts and dried cherries. You do get a strong cherry burst of flavor when you bite into a part of the bar containing the dried cherries. Best of all, besides being edible, is that it leaves no lingering aftertaste. I would buy these if I was hungry and needed something on the go. This is not a bar that I would seek out but I would eat it.
I missed lunch and had this bar with me so I tried it.  It tastes good, is filling and is an organic meal that includes fruit, protein and Omega-3s.  I've just started a raw foods diet and this bar qualifies as raw food.  I'll be buying more.
Date and Nut bars are becoming common.Cliff, Lara bars, Pure, and many smaller companies are making similar items.All have roughly 200 calories, and 11 to 20 grams of sugar.I prefer the Lara Bars since most of them are not as sweet as this Pure Organic bar was.The hint of Blue Berry in this bar is unique.The nuts provide a satisfying crunch.Live Strong does not have the nutritional information on this yet.
There are very few organic foods that can really taste the way they advertise, and are absolutely worth the money. That definitely is the case with Pure Bars. I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious their Organic Cherry Cashew Fruit & Nut bars really are. The price is well worth the money, and the taste is delicious. The bar really tastes like you're eating a fresh and ripe cherry. While I honestly wish I could've tasted more of the other fruits in the bar and the nuts like the cashews. Nevertheless, if you want to find a snack that is absolutely delightful for the kids, than the Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew is absolutely worth the effort.Price: B+Taste: A-Overall: B+
Let's get something clear here:  I am just fine with eating food that isn't organic, I'm not gluten free and I'm not on a raw diet.Short Version:  If you have dietary requirements for one or more of the above, these are GREAT.  Get them.  Eat them.  You'll be happy with them.  I have a number of friends like you and I think they'll be all over these things.  If you don't have said dietary requirements?  These are still pretty good, you should try them.Long Version:The bar is pleasantly moist, it has the texture of a really dense carrot cake.  It doesn't taste anything like carrot cake, though there do appear to be carrots in it.The flavor is like a not-too-sweet not-artificial-tasting blueberry muffin.I had a very long drive and I didn't want to stop for food or buy junk when I stopped for gas, I also had plans to eat when I got to my destination which meant I'd be eating lunch a bit later then I normally do.  So I took one of these bars, a couple pieces of fruit and a bottle of water with me.  The bar seemed small when I took it out of the package, but it's heavy for it's size.  It didn't crumble and make a mess, it was chewy without making me have to work to break it down, and when combined with my bottle of water I actually felt... Full isn't the right word.  I wasn't hungry and I didn't feel weighed down by it.  A few hours after that I arrived and I was ready to eat but I wasn't "I'm going to gnaw your arm off if you don't get me some food NOW!" either.A friend of mine, who was with me, also had one.  He said he thought it needed salt.  But he thinks everything needs salt, so we'll just ignore him.
I picked this bar because I like having them around the house for a quick snack. I also tried the blueberry, which impressed me less. What I enjoyed about the cherry cashew is that it had more flavor than the blueberry and wasn't overly sweet. In fact, there was a nice little tart kick. I like the ingredient list, although I've read there is some controversy about agave nectar. I offered my husband a taste, and he didn't want to try it since he doesn't like cherries. He'd tried the blueberries and was less than impressed. Finally, he agreed to have a nibble, and said that he liked it, and definitely preferred it to the blueberry. So, the bar converted a cherry hater. :)I'd purchase this flavor again, definitely.
I tried both the Wild Blueberry flavor and the Cherry Cashew flavor so I cannot help but compare the two.  I also had my kids try them both to get their opinions (which were strong) and I will share those also.  The Wild Blueberry was tried after the Cherry Cashew which was a good thing.  The Cherry Cashew was pretty tart and the kids didn't care for it much (they are 8 and 11 yrs old).  The Wild Blueberry, however, was a hit.  Personally, I liked both but I like tart things and so it wasn't an issue for me like it was for the kids.  The Wild Blueberry was definitely sweeter.  I am surprised that they didn't put "Almond" in the name of this bar as it is a prevalent flavor--especially since they mention the cashews in the title of the Cherry Cashew bar.  I think "Blueberry Almond" would probably be a better name for this bar.  The packaging seems pretty standard and shows what the creator of the bar (Veronica)looks like in a cartoon version on the front.It is gluten free and full of organic, organic, organic (almost every ingredient has the word "organic" before it).All in all, the Wild Blueberry Pure Organic Bar is tasty, sweet, and appeals to the kids.  I would definitely recommend it as a snack or a quick breakfast (it is pretty filling!).  I give this bar four stars.
I like the ingredients on this snack bar:  Organic Dates, Organic Cashews, Organic Cherries Organic Rice Protein Concentrate, Organic Walnuts, Organic Agave Nectar, Organic Almonds.  That's it.  I can pronounce all of it.  The bar has a nice texture: kind of chewy but not a major workout for the jaw.  The nuts give you a little crunch; the cherries add a nice tartness.  The overall flavor was a little flat but definitely not tasteless - I enjoyed it.It is a little high in carbohydrates and fats but it's made mostly from dates and nuts so that should be expected.  They're natural "fruit" carbs (agave, dates and cherries) and "good" fats (from nuts).  One bar is 190 calories with 8g fat, 25g carbohydrates (3g Fiber -yay!, 17g sugars) and 7g Protein.
I like organic and raw energy bars. In the past there were very little choices as only a few small manufacturer were producing them. Lately there has been a proliferation of organic and raw products on the market.Some of the negatives that I have experienced from some raw fruit and nut bars BUT NOT THIS ONE were:-Bad taste not very appealing-Poor texture not easy to chew-Gas forming by improper mix of ingredients-Not sweet enough or too sweetThis PURE bar was just right. The blueberry flavor was distinct and the nuts were sized right and tasted good mixed in with the fruits. There was not a bad aftertaste and the bar supplied me with extra energy for several hours. The ingredients were organic and raw. The shelf life was 1 year which seems a little long for not having any preservatives. I would refrigerate them to make them last longer even though that is not required.All in all this is a good product in my opinion. I am now curious as to how their other bars taste.
The field of snack bars is a crowded one. These bars distinguish themselves by being "pure," i.e., primarily composed of organic raw fruits and nuts. I was provided a sample to review for the Vine program.  Here's the rundown:Pros:(1) Indisputably healthy and good for you.(2) Substantial--quite chewy, and one bar will last you a while,(3) Organic. No artificial pesticides etc. Yay earth.(4) Loaded with vitamins and minerals. See point (1).(5) Not all that high in calories (190 for the bar we samples), compared to other snack bars.(6) They're not as dry and crumbly as, say, granola bars are.(7) Gluten free, for those it matters to.Cons:(1) Negative eye appeal. These things just don't look appetizing.(2) They *taste* indisputably healthy and good for you.  I rather liked them, especially given the chewiness factor, but I let my two children try a bite, and they were unimpressed.In sum, I think these would be great to carry on backpacking trips, and I like that they don't crumble into a million pieces when you try to eat them. They wouldn't be my first choice of snack (chocolate chip cookies, anybody?), but maybe they *should* be.
I am considering buying a box of these. I like the taste and found it filling.
okay if I had seen what the bar looks like I probably would not have chosen it.It has a typical protein bar look (glossy plastic looking surface)However, the texture is not grainy and does not have an undercooked flour taste/textureHas a good blend of fruity and nutty taste.Overall the bar is filling and tastes good with no odd after taste.
This bar has the consistency of a dense cake and I thought it tasted really good but not so much like cherries. More sweet and slightly tangy. I didn't think it tasted like dates as some reviewers have claimed. I, personally, hate the taste of dates so if I had tasted that I would not have given it a good review. It has a good quanity of nuts in the bar so it does have crunch, whereas some bars I have tasted claim to have nuts they chop them up so fine I can't even tell they are there this bar leaves them in good-sized bites. Overall, this was a tasty, healthy snack.
I liked it mostly because it has a nice balance to its taste--not overly sweet like some "health" snack bars , not too dry, not too chewy, and reasonably filling as well.  At a buck and a half each, I think it's pretty competitive with most comparable bars.  It has an assortment of vitamins--but not a whole lot of each one.  Still its 190 calories, with 70 fat calories.  It's certified organic by Quality Assurance International--even supplying an address & phone number.  Good for me--no gluten or milk.
Reminded me of a brownie .Blueberry flavor definitely dominates the other ingredients. The calorie count however makes this more of a meal replacement bar than a snack for for the diet conscious.
I tried both the blueberry and the cherry versions.  Although I really like Blueberry and the health benefits of the blueberry are unsurpassed, I have to say I liked the cherry cashew bar better.This is an extremely nice and convenient little bar.  The taste of the cherry is wonderfully good-reminiscent of the intensely flavorful  Montmorency Cherries with a superior texture and quality.The cashew of the bar adds a nice balance to the cherry. The nuttiness lends a nice chewiness to the bar, keeping it from an overly soggy texture.These bars are a very enjoyable treat.  It's nice to have something like this at your desk-keep your hands clean, while keeping those hunger pangs away!The ingredients list is also very good. The emphasis on organic ingredients insure that this food is chemical and pesticide -free.
This is a great little raw bar with a strong blueberry flavor, from organic wild blueberries. It's a very high quality product, all organic, and provides 6 grams of protein, 190 calories, 3 grams of fiber, and 19 grams of sugar from agave nectar.  I liked the chewy texture and the added nutrition and flavor from the walnuts.
The ingredient list is very impressive - natural and simple. I wasn't sure how it was going to taste since it's labeled "raw." I was pleasantly surprised - it's mildly sweet and fruity (in a natural way of course). There is some minimal nutty texture from the real nuts. The only disappointment is that the bar itself is surprisingly small, which will be discovered once you open the package. Other than that, this bar can probably be recommended since it seems natural and healthful - good for any occasion maybe. Just don't expect it to really fill you up or sustain you for long!
The Wife and I have a rule: we don't buy any power bar if it's over $1.  We like Cliff Bars anyway and if you're patient and willing to stock up when they go on sale, you can usually navigate that stricture.  A few months ago though the Raw Revolution bars, normally quite pricey, were on sale and I have to admit to liking the Chocolate Cashew and Coconut Agave ones.  They were quite tasty, though, for whatever reason, the bars are almost slimy to the touch.At any rate, we just got a Pure Bar (cherry cashew flavor) through the Amazon Vine program and while it too is slippery to the touch, the taste was even better than that of its rival.  If they're ever priced under a buck we'll be stocking up.
This PURE organic cherry Cashew, Raw fruit and Nut bar gets your attention from the first bite. It is a taste you can savor and it lasts a while. Tangy, delicious and chewy in a satisfying kind of way. I highly recommend it. Enjoy !
Well I only got one of the bars to try, but that one bar was very good.  IT was a bit sticky however taste wise I found it very very tasty.  I would eat them as a breakfast bar with no complaints.
Though I am not a big fan of energy bar, I am impressed with the taste of it. It is actually moist, has great texture, and not overly sweet at all. I then checked the nutrition contents. It doesn't have refined sugar, cholesterol, or trans fat. I can actually test the fruit bits in it. It has a mild taste of fruits and a lot of fiber. It is a good alternative for a quick breakfast when you are on the go. You can use it to simply refresh your energy in exercises.
I've enjoyed other varieties of Pure Organics bars, and this wild blueberry & nut bar is no exception. Taste is good, fruits and nuts are well-balanced and sweet without being too sugary. They seem to keep me from getting hungry like some other less expensive bars do (Nature Valley granola, Neutra-grain, etc). I always check the price between Powerbars and these, and purchase whichever is cheapest, both fill the same need - flavorful, filling, and healthy alternative to a "real meal".
The Pure Organic Raw Fruit and Nut Bar is a healthy alternative for snacking and provides 6g of protein and 3g of fiber. The ingredients include organic dates, almonds, cashews, walnuts, and blueberries. The flavor is quite intense and surprising. They are very sweet but contain no refined sugars. This is also a gluten-free product. My first impression after biting into you reminded me of a fig newton. It has the same type consistency and flavor. I found the fruit flavor more notable than the nuts. Nice product!
The first experience opening the package was that the bar didn't have the most pleasant smell.  Not bad, just not enticing.  The taste is pretty good as far as this type of product goes ... large pieces of cashew that had a good taste to them. The bar is dense and moist, making for a satisfying eating experience.  But I could get no taste of cherry at all.  I hoped, since this was raw fruit, to taste much more cherry. Overall, a pretty good product, but didn't stand out as being superior in any way to the dozens of other products of the same type.
No doubt about it -- I was sorry that Amazon's Vine program sent me only one bar -- I wanted a whole box!  This Pure bar is delicious.  And, since I've been avoiding gluten, this gluten-free bar is right up my alley.  Plenty of dates, plenty of nuts -- just the thing for a quick snack.So why do I give it only four stars?  It's the label.  It's called a "cherry cashew" bar, but cherry is not the predominant ingredient either by weight or by volume.  According to government regulations ( "Ingredients required to be declared on the label or labeling of a food, including foods that comply with standards of identity, except those ingredients exempted by 101.100, shall be listed by common or usual name in descending order of predominance by weight("Ingredients required to be declared on the label or labeling of a food, including foods that comply with standards of identity, except those ingredients exempted by 101.100, shall be listed by common or usual name in descending order of predominance by weight . . ."), it should be called a "date cashew bar with a hint of cherry.Now I'll still enjoy my next Pure bar, even if it is mislabeled, but since the label does not list ingredients in order of weight as required, I could not give it five stars.
My previous experience with this kind of bar has not been positive.  They tend to be dry, chewy, very crunchy, etc.  This one very obviously contained a lot of fruit; it was moist and chewy (in a good way).  There was a strong flavor of the cherry, and almost no cashew taste, just the crunch.  It is, because of the fruit content, high in sugar but the protein was higher than I expected.  I thought this was very good.
Allow me to give you some frame of reference on me: I'm not a vegan or even vegetarian, or sufferer of Celiac Disease. If I fell into either one of those camps, I would instantly raise the rating at least a star. But since I'm not adverse to occasionally ingesting an artificial ingredient or two, I'll give you the straight dope on this very healthy snack bar.The ingredient list is quite impressive, if only for the fact that someone who doesn't have a chemistry degree can understand it. That in itself is refreshing. They've even got a YES/NO breakdown printed next to the ingredients that goes something like this:YES!: Certified Organic, Gluten-Free, Full Serving [of] Fruit, Organic Protein, Rich in Omega-3s, Good Source of Fiber, Raw, VeganNO!: Refined Sugars, Gluten Dairy or Soy, Cholesterol, Trans Fats, Preservatives, GMOs, Artificial Nothin'WOW! 5-STARS SO FAR! Let's tear this thing open!At first glance, it looks just like holiday fruitcake that's been mashed with a rolling pin. Mmmmm... Maybe that's why it doesn't need preservatives and the expiration date is almost a full year in the future. Smells a lot like fruitcake, too. I lost my first test subject (my wife) on looks and smell alone. (Minus 1 star for lack of family appeal -- I don't count the kids' outright rejection.)The first bite redeemed the bar. It's tastier than I'd anticipated, full flavored and sweet without being powdery or sugary. I think I might like this.Though the PURE BAR is EVERYTHING they promise (pits and all - I found a tooth-crunching pit in my Cherry-flavored bar - the wrapper states, "May contain pieces of nuts, shells, stems, or pits.")I will recommend this bar to anyone who needs a Gluten-free diet, because it tastes significantly better than most Gluten-free snacks I've sampled.
These are a pretty standard fruit and nut bar, mainly fruit.  They have a slightly musty undertone.  However, in a field of less-than-edible gluten-free energy bars, these hit squarely in the middle of the pack.They're o.k.And, 24 hours later, speaking as a canary-in-the-coalmine hypersensitive-to-gluten celiac, I'm here to tell you that these are actually gluten-free.  They didn't make me sick.  So, if you're gluten-free, this is another thing you can eat.Nice job.
I'll be the first to admit that neither my husband nor I are what you'd call health freaks. Yes, we like to eat healthy food, but we don't have a problem with eating some non-healthy foods either. And we can both be a bit skeptical when it comes to "organic", because we've had many different organic things that were disappointing, to say the least.This bar, however, wasn't horrible at all! It tasted quite a bit like a nutty blueberry muffin, which is always pleasant to taste! The texture was good - not too hard, not too soft. We've eaten some bars that were far too hard to eat and made you think you were going to break your tooth on them! This bar, however, was nice and moist (which my husband particularly enjoyed).And we were both in shock to find that there was absolutely no sodium in this bar - astounding!For a health food bar, we both consider it to be absolutely wonderful. The only reason we gave it 4 stars is because my husband wished that it would have had a bit more taste to it - he likes strong, bold flavors, and this was more of a muted, sweet flavor. I, however, thought that the flavor was perfect. The thing that we both agreed upon was that we would definitely eat more of these, and will be looking into other flavors for our children (they don't care for nuts) - they'd be a great snack for them, and for us as well!
The Pure Organic Wild Blueberry raw fruit & nut bar ~ it was kind of strange...it tasted ok, but I found myself wishing for more blueberry flavor.  There was a soggy feel, weird texture and an unappetizing look ~ I would likely only buy one if I was really hungry & there was no better choice...I would say with 26g carbs, 19g sugars and 8g of total fat, it is a reasonably healthy bar: but I don't think I would personally use this as a snack or meal replacement...I just wasn't really a big fan: it was ok, but not great...this is just my opinion, maybe healthy people than I will really enjoy them?
While I give credit for the Pure Bar being as it says- All natural- I just can't get into them. It tastes kind of like a blueberry wheat-biscuit breakfast cereal that has been blended into paste and formed into a bar. It's not bad tasting, but it's nothing I'd ever crave, either. It's probably very good for my body, but then, so is just eating a bowl of blueberries and cashews, and the bowl of fruit and nuts would be much tastier than this.There's not much to expand on, here. It's pretty much what you'd expect from this type of gluten-free, organic, all-natural snack bar. It does little to shake the preconception of it being rabbit food, and despite being healthy, it does nothing to make me forget my craving for a bacon cheeseburger and a bag of chocolate-covered raisins. In short, this is the kind of snack that reminds me why I would never embrace a gluten-free or vegan diet unless my life depended on it.If you do happen to be a vegan, or need gluten-free snacks, or just need to keep a full serving of fruit in your pocket for travel, this is a good choice for you. I endorse it as one of the better bars of its kind. They get four stars for selling a product that tastes OK, is just as natural as they advertised, and seems to be affordable considering the contents.My advice: Definitely buy it if you're into this kind of thing. Avoid it if you don't feel any guilt over craving a chocolate bar.
Four HEALTHY Stars!  A good-tasting all-natural 1.7 ounce fruit & nut bar loaded with organic dates, organic cashews, organic walnuts, organic rice protein concentrate, organic wild blueberries, (with organic sunflower oil, organic apple and lemon juice concentrates), etc, and nothing is cooked or processed. The combination of all of these flavors works very well, without the uncooked aspect becoming a taste or chewing issue. The bar is smaller than the normal candy bar, but packs 190 calories, 8 grams of fat, 0.5 grams of saturated fat, 19 grams of natural fruit sugars, 26 grams of carbohydrates, 6 grams of protein, and 3 grams of fiber. This bar gives a good, all-natural energy jolt when a snack is in order at home or the office, without the empty calories of chips and candy. Definitely Recommended. Four ORGANIC Stars!!
Coincidentally, I watched a PBS show last night that talked about the way our food is processed today, so I've committed myself to buying and eating more organic foods, which this bar is. For that reason, I gave it four stars instead of three. Taste wise it was okay, but I tasted more dates than blueberries. The consistency is sort of pasty, but it did have a nice (date) flavor, rather than the bland, soy taste. The bar is vitamin enriched, although it's not overloaded. The price per bar if bought using Amazon's Subscribe and Save option is very competitive at less than $1.50/bar. My guess is that the stores will charge closer to $2 each for these. If you see it on the shelf at you local store, try just one before you spring for an entire box of 12.
Honestly, there was nothing wrong with the bar, but yu can get it by a few other names.  It was just not very special and seems like a "me-too" product.  The ingredients list was exception and all natural, but this is a crowded market and this bar did nothing to distinguish it from others.The taste of the bar was good and the texture was pleasing.  The fruit and nut combination was a good ratio.  The Pure name has a good reputation, but there are many companies trying to get the same attention and for about the same price or less.
I was very satisfied with this snack bar. Unlike some of its competitors, all of its ingredients are organic and natural. There are a lot competing bars that only have some organic ingredients.As for the taste, I thought the bar was very good. It is a little on the small side, so some people might find that one isn't filling.Overall I'm happy with this product and would seek it out.
I tasted blueberries, dates, and walnuts. The texture was nice; soft with a little texture from the nuts, but not too chewy or crunchy. I was pleased to see that it supplied 1.5 servings of fruit.I thought it was very tasty and would recommend as a healthful snack food. It isn't filling enough or high enough in protein to replace a meal, but it is a nice alternative to eating junk food in between meals.
Each bar is quite heavy and dense, packed with what tastes like a pure mix of dates and nuts interspersed therein.  There is a very slight cherry flavor that  primarily manifests itself as a sour after-taste.  The bar has absolutely NO "refined sugars, gluten, dairy or soy, cholesterol, transfats, preservatives, GMOs, or artificial anything elses".  Appearance wise, it looks like a 1 cm thick brownie with a sprinkling of nuts.  It has a higher calorie and fat count than I was expecting for an organic snack bar.Here are the primary nutrition facts for one bar (other quantities of constituents are negligible);Calories: 190, calories from fat: 70Total fat: 8 gProteins: 7 g
This was an organic raw bar with an all natural blueberry flavor.  I really found it tasty and bought a 12 pack after sampling this. It has a pleasant chewy/nut texture which I found quite satisfying.  It has 190 calories and contains Dates, Cashews, Walnuts, Rice Protein, Blueberries, and other yummy stuff. It contains nothing cooked and nothing processed. It is entirely raw. Enjoy
You have to respect this bar's commitment.  Nothing is worse than a 'health food' that tries to taste like it's something decadent--so you get thin tasting carob instead of chocolate, etc.Not this bar. It doesn't pretend to be gooey rich and bad for you food. It is unrepentantly its own thing. And in this case, its own thing is pretty darned good.  If you've ever made a homemade granola bar, that's what this tastes like, only somehow less sticky and messy!It's delicious, what more can I say?  It doesn't pretend to be what it's not. It's a quite nice serving size, as well--perfect for a good pick me up snack!  It's sweet but not too sweet and would go well with water or a coffee beverage as a nice snack.  I can see it becoming a huge fave for hikers and other outdoors people, but the taste is rich enough that even us more sedentary folks can enjoy!
This is an organic bar with seven ingredients: dates, cashews, cherries, rice protein, walnuts, agave nectar, and almonds. Nothing is cooked or processed. The bar is two inches by three inches, just a little snack for 190 calories. But the cherry flavor is deceiving. The main ingredient is dates. All I tasted is dates, nuts, and a hint of cherries, which I believe comes from some kind of cherry flavoring and not actual cherries themselves, which to me is a bit deceiving. Beyond that, it is a good light snack that cures the sweet tooth without all the processed sugar or many calories.Shawn KovacichMartial Artist/Krav Maga InstructorAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
I got this fruit and nut bar to try and was fairly impressed. While many fruit bars that claim to be organic can taste a little bit like paper or not as tasty, I found this to be rather tasty. Both my boyfriend liked it and thought it had just the right amount of sweetness to it without it overpowering everything else.
I have to say the looks of this bar was not very appealing at first opening of the package.  I decided to share this with my husband and granddaughter so that I could see how they liked it as well. I did not like this bar as well as I did the blueberry ones.  I think the first look at it kind of turned me off, however the taste wasn't as appealing to me either as the blueberry.  I can say this  is a great bar for a quick healthy snack, you know you are eating something good for you, but to me the taste left something to be desired
Foolishly, I ate about a third of this bar before looking at the ingredients.  I really liked the taste--but realized too late that it contains dates... and I am mildly allergic.  I can honestly say my raccoons enjoyed the rest of the bar.  If you don't have food allergies, this is truly a great bar in terms of being low fat, high protein.  And tasty.
Same review as for the cherry bars - Typically, I only like to eat whole foods and until now, Lara Bars were it for me. Until now. These are amazing - really delicious and good for you, with whole food ingredients you can recognize, and they're made in Michigan! Fruits and nuts and honey - it doesn't get better than that. My kids loved them, too, which makes me happy because they're sweet enough to satisfy an urge for a candybar but so much better for you.The blueberry taste was real because the blueberries are real! The only icky thing in this bar was canola oil, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
I love cherries and cashews and this organic Pure raw fruit and nut bar.  I am always looking for a bar that I can take on the go that won't MELT in my backpack from spring and summer weather.  I love that it contains raw ingredients meaning nothing is processed and is completely organic.  I was afraid the cherries would be too tart but I found the balance of the nutty cashews mellowed the cherries.  I typically don't like dates but I didn't find them overwhelming in this bar.  I think it is great and healthier alternative to many other convenience foods (bars) on the market.
this is very grainy and nutty, but reminds me eating fruit roll-up. It's not overly sweet, and it has a lot of tang in it. I ate it one morning for breakfast. It was not very filling for me, but it was a nice start of the day. However, I think the price is a bit high.
I recently had the opportunity to try the Pure Bar Organic cherry bar and the wild blueberry bar. Both bars are similar in appearance, ingredients,and nutrition facts. Both have orgaqnic dates listed as the first ingredient, making me think that "date" ought to be mentioned in the names of each bar. Note that in this wild blueberry bar blueberries are listed as the fifth ingredient.I like that the Pure Bars have and organic philosophy and contain wholesome ingredients. The bar is 3" by 1.5", so it's relatively small and calorie dense. I could easily eat two or three of these at one sitting even though the nearly 600 calories would be better chosen than those consumed in a greasy burger or salty fries.The heavy bar looks and feels like raw dough or an undercooked brownie in texture. I like the taste of the blueberry much better than that of the cherry bar though one is hard pressed to detect blueberry flavor in a bar dominated more by dates and nuts.In short, this bar satisfies with its taste and choice of wholesome ingredients. It's an experience I wouldn't mind repeating.
My family and live on on-the-go bars as snacks when we are traveling between sporting events over the weekend.  I am always looking for a bar that is healthy, with little additives and fillers.  We are also big on organic fruits, so that element of the bar also caught my attention.  The Pure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew was a nice surprise.  I love cherries and cashews, so this was an appealing combination to me.  The bar itself is made up of a lot of date paste, but compared to other bars I have tried recently (the ProBar was NOT a hit), the date was NOT the overwhelming flavor, nor was the consistency too pasty.  It had a nice texture and was not overly chewy.  There was a pleasant tart cherry flavor throughout the bar, and the bar itself was not overly sweet.  There were just two things I did not like about the bar.  There seemed to be too many nuts in the bar I got, and they did not taste fresh.  They lacked any "crunch" and seemed a bit stale tasting.  It also seemed like within 5 bites, the bar was gone.  It would be fine for a snack, but I would never use it as a meal replacement--it leaves you wanting something else to eat when you are done with it.  Overall, a good choice for a bar if you are looking for something other than chocolate or peanut butter bars that seem to abundant in the bar market.
I've always avoided nutrition bars for a few reasons: 1) I hate that protein powder-taste that many of them have, as well as that rice-crispie texture that many of the other  (like Luna bars) have.  2) They tend to have so many calories and processed sugar, I might as well have a Snickers.Not so with raw fruit bars, like Pure Organics (and Larabars).  I've been a Larabar devotee for awhile now, particularly their cherry pie and gingers bars.  But I've been curious about Pure Organics and finally got a chance to try one.  I tried the cherry cashew bar because I love love love cashews.  I've got to say, it's a pretty tasty bar.  But I still like my cherry pie larabar better, because it's, well, cherry-er (the cherry pie Larabar, though, uses almonds instead of cashews).  This one's nothing to sneeze at, and I'll take it over a Luna bar anyday, but I'm probably not going to switch out of my Larabar loyalty, at least not for this flavor.Still, I highly recommend bars like Pure Organic or Larabar over other nutrition bars.  One is a single serving of fruit, they are all-natural, and though they do have sugar, it's the kind that comes with fiber, so you fill up, and you don't have the crazy blood sugar drop that you get with refined sugar.  So, definitly try one!
I love nuts, and having lots of them jammed into a snack bar is a nice thing. This item is exactly that.Since it's a mix, do not expect to taste each nut separately, but it tastes well. My only complaint is that the dates (as in fruit) in it are a little bit dominant in the taste, making it slightly more sweet than I expected. Yet this is natural sugar, and can be balanced easily with a cup of water.
Like other reviewers, I would have liked to taste more of the blueberries in there.  But it was nice to eat a bar that didn't taste like sugar or like it was processed to within an inch of its life.  It's a bit on the bland side at first but when you acclimate yourself to eating food without all the extra sugars and artificial flavors, it actually isn't bad at all.  It also really feels good to put something into my body that isn't going to slowly kill me.
I am a fan of Larabars so I was jazzed to try this Pure Organic Cherry Cashew bar.  My only complaint with Larabars is that they are not organic.  This one is!  It is also made in America, another plus for me.  It is described as a "Agave-sweetened vegan snack made with dates, cherries, walnuts, and cashews, No preservatives, trans fats, or cholesterol; free of refined sugar, gluten, soy, and dairy."  It is 1.7 ounces which seems pretty standard with about 200 calories.  My hubby complained that it was really high in sugar (14g), but this is not processed sugar, it is naturally occurring sugar that your body will actually know how to handle.  A bowl of crappy kids cereal might have the same amount of sugar but their sugar is all "added sugar."Taste wise it is great.  It is made of: Dates (Organic), Cherries (Organic), Walnuts (Organic), Agave Nectar (organic), Almonds, Cashews (Organic), Brown Rice Protein (Organic).  The cherry taste is really nice and I can't really taste the dates. I like that it can be popped in my purse for a snack instead of being tempted by a candy bar.  I would buy this again!
This is a really good snack bar. I had the blueberry/nut version, and it actually had identifiable blueberries in it that tasted like blueberries - a quality that some snack items miss.It is a moist, chewy bar, which is a nice change from all the hard, crunchy bars out there that seem to fall apart when you open them.The big plus about this bar is that it is ORGANIC. It has zero trans fats, zero cholesterol, and zero sodium - which is also a big improvement over other snack bars.This would make a great snack for middle of the morning or afternoon, or a great item to carry in backpacks or on hiking trips.
I found this product to have intense fruit and nut flavors with no excessive sweetness or saltiness.  The bar has a chewy texture, and resembles sheets of dried fruit, only thicker.  It is exceptionally tasty and satisfying.  However, since sweetness and saltiness are two things that many folks like, they may find the bar too bland.  There is 0 % sodium, so the product may be enjoyed without guilt by those on salt-restricted diets.  Unlike candy bars and many health bars, the Pure bar is filling and won't have you craving food for a good while after eating one.
I have to say that this totally surprised me.  I tend to be leary when something says it is healthy for you because most of them taste horrible but this was actually quite good.  It seems to be a bar of purrayed fruit with some nice chucks of cashews.  I loveeeeeeee cashews.  The taste was of real fruit that is slightly sweetened, quite fresh so it was soft and not the hard as a rock type of bar that some of the others are and just right for a quick healthy snack mid afternoon to hold you over until dinner.  I found this to be a large plus in my book for a quick easy snack that I can take with me and not have to worry about getting a sugar high or packing on the pounds of normal junk food.  I think if you like smoothies that you might like this so give it a try.  I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
Forget all those sugar-laden, chocolate coated granola and snack bars. The Pure bar is exactly what it says it is - pure fruit and nuts in a tasty bar that's perfect as an addition to lunch or for an on-the-go snack.There's no added sugar, or sodium in this bar. No cholesterol. Gluten-free. It's certified organic. It's a snack you can feel good about putting in your child's lunchbag.The blueberry bar had a good raw flavor - predominantly nuts (almonds, cashews and walnuts) - with the taste of wild blueberries. This healthy treat is one you don't have to feel guilty indulging in.
I tried a blueberry bar and I thought it was real tasty. It had lots of nuts in it. Tastewise it worked for me.  I didn't really taste a whole lot of blueberry in it, but I enjoyed it nevertheless. It was not a very big bar but thicker than some-- denser I think, but not hard. The ingredient list looked reasonable. They seemed to be good quality.
This was a pretty good mid-afternoon snack!  Cherry flavor can be intense, but here it was well-balanced with the cashews and rice protein blend.  I gobbled this down without looking at the ingredients, and it didn't stand out as being obviously organic in any way.  Then I looked at the wrapping and saw that it's gluten-free, refined sugar-free, and preservative-free.  So if you like granola bars but want something that's natural, this would fit the bill nicely.
I reviewed this itemPure Bar Organic Cherry Cashew, Raw Fruit & Nut Bar, 1.7-Ounce Bars (Pack of 12)without the knowledge that these bars contain dates as their main ingredient.  Not cherries and not blueberry (the latter does have blueberry with the dates).  So to me, they taste like a fig cookie that has been soaked in grape juice, leaving it saturated and slightly sticky.  The taste is decent, a tiny bit gritty, but ok, as I find in other raw food items, like any bread type items always seem to be gritty.  I wouldn't buy them myself, but I would take one in someone offered me one, say, if I was hiking.
I was only given one bar to review, so I don't know how much of a difference there is from one bar to the next, but I did not taste the blueberries. To me, it tasted like a cross between a fruit cake and bran cereal...don't get me wrong, it didn't taste bad, but I will stick withPowerBar Fruit Smoothiesfor now.If you are not a fan of Powerbars though, this might be the protein snack you are looking for; I was impressed with the ingredients, regardless of the taste.
Cherry Cashew is tasty, but it's soft like an oatmeal cookie. I could not taste the cashews, but there are nice big pieces of nuts and fruits... but... all those pieces are not crunchy, just moist. I'd love more crunch, but then again, it's very tough to compare this one to my favorite snack - Nature Valley's Oats and Honey - because the Honey bar has so much crunch and honey taste. This Pure bar is not sugary, in fact, it's a little tart. Overall, I'd eat again, but would not buy.
This bar is rather good - larger than others so it's packed with nuts and is very sweet, but it's a natural tasting sweetness due to the bar having no added sugar. Surprisingly tasty too given that I'm not normally a fan of dates (the predominant ingredient). I look forward to trying other flavors.Now I do have a couple of caveats - the bar comes in at a hefty 190 calories so it's not a weight-loss health bar. Plus quite a few potential ingredients are stated under its allergy text on the back - you know the bit that says 'this product was made in a factory that also makes...'. Aside from the usual suspects, nuts, milk etc one of them was fish which is a little disconcerting for vegetarians.Thumbs up but don't eat too many of them!
Not sugary sweet or overly sour. I liked this bar more than I thought I would. It is small, but the flavor was nice and fresh, the texture was easy to chew, but not over-processed. Ingredients are fresh tasting and feeling. This bar is a nice snack that doesn't give you a blood sugar spike and then leave you feeling yucky. I would buy more of these.
Depending on your outlook this could be a great snack bar or just a pretty good fruit and nut bar. It's clearly an extremely healthy treat at 190 calories (0 sodium, 0 cholesterol, plenty of Potassium and other nutrients) but the drawback is that it tastes like health food - bland. Health nuts (like myself) might not mind sacrificing a little bit of flavor for nutrition but most consumers (health food fiend or not) have come to expect a certain level of taste in even the healthiest foods. This bar gets 5 stars on nutrition - organic, gluten-free, vegan, no preservatives, etc., but a 3 (barely) on taste, so it averages out to a 4.
I purchased two of these sets as gifts.  One is going to my sister-in-law who loves tea, but who also is an artist that I think will really be in awe by this set.The care in the packaging of this item was the first thing to impress me. It came in the standard Amazon box, then another cardboard box, then wrapped in a heavy tissue paper and finally the set itself.Once I carefully got through all of the above, I found a very nice bamboo box with a picture of what was inside.  I decided I needed to peek in so that I could see for myself. The box has button like clasps on the side to keep it closed and when opened the teapot is snuggled in with a box of tea surrounded crinkly brown paper.As I said in my review title, I cannot rate the tea that comes with this set, which is why I only give it 4 stars.  Although if you look at the flowering tea sold separately from Numi here on Amazon you can see that it received an average 4 star review.Numi Tea Petite Bouquet Sampler Flowering Tea, 4 Count Sampler (Pack of 12)
Bought this for a gift, so I haven't seen it fully.  I can't judge the taste.  The box is a lot more fragile then I thought it would be.  In fact, a bottom piece was broken...no time to send it back, so I just glued it. It's a very nice looking gift though.
I have seen Numi teas around at my local coffee and tea shops. I found this on a Gold Box Deal and decided to try it out. I like how the tea bud blossoms and looks so nice when the tea is steeped. The only negative is the small teapot. I have this at work, and have to bring hot water to my desk, then pour in the teapot otherwise the teapot gets extremely hot, too hot to the touch. Even pouring it into a cup when the tea is steeped needs to be done with caution. Otherwise for the price, its a nice variety of special teas, for any occasions!
Bought 2 of these for gifts, ended up keeping one for myself. The teapot is fragile, be careful when using and cleaning, or it will easily break. It does showcase the flowering action of the various teas nicely.The variety in this package is nice, bound to be some in here that everyone will like, and probably a few ya won't. But it's a decent price point to sample and find the ones you do like, then buy more of those teas.Some flower and transform quite spectacularly, others not so much. And pretty much all the teas are subtle in their flavors.This make a great gift, and as mentioned before, a great way to sample a few different flavors to see what you will like.
I like kettle chips, although sometimes, some brands can be a little too crispy, you know those hard gnarled chips that actually cut the roof of your mouth if your not careful?Not so, the krinkle cut design, makes for a crunchy, more hearty thicker chip, and the flavor is great.Oftentimes &#34;spiced&#34; or specifically chili flavoring on snacks comes off like a shot of Tabasco, here the flavor is more subtle.Your first taste is a nice savory garlic, almost like a sweet onion garlic, then you get the warm after spice taste of the chili. Perfect balance of flavor without being too spicy.I gave them four stars as I think they're a little expensive, and even though they come in a 5 oz bag, because they are chunky and thick chips, there doesn't seem to be that many in a bag.Sure to be a winning addition to the already successful line of &#34;kettle Chips&#34;
These chips taste good! The first bag my family gobbled down in just a few minutes. I took a bag to work and had a very difficult time stretching it out even two days. 5 ounces may seem like a lot but with these crinkle cut chips holding a lot of flavor, it just doesn't seem like five servings. Maybe two if I deliberately ration them. Dieters beware!I should note that my younger child loves Aroy-D Sweet Chili (Garlic) Sauce and uses it like ketchup on just about everything. These were a little too spicy/intense for her. I think Aroy-D sauce is sweeter and less spicy. She does like these chips but did not enjoy them as much as I thought she would.
Kettle brand chips flavor with black pepper and sea salt are my favorite. I was curious to give the Sweet Chili Garlic version a try. They remind me of BBQ flavored chips, but  with a little extra kick. I can't really taste the garlic, but that's ok. These have a nice bite to them; texture wise and flavor wise. Recommended
The flavor is good, with more on the chili that garlic side. Not overspiced. Krinkle cuts are uniform and provide strong rigidity, maybe too strong for some people's liking. Not many broken chips. The text on the bag spends a great deal of time focusing on the environmental friendliness and wholesomeness of the product. My only comment to the manufacturer, you should reassure us (assuming it's true) the bag it comes in is also environmentally friendly, because it is a beast! Appears to the multiple layers of materials that are quite strong. You can't pull the top of the bag apart evenly as with other chip bags, you have to tear it diagonally across and down the corner (or use scissors). I just have to wonder if the material can even be recycled.