We got our first Senseo during their Drop the Drip online promotion in December.  My husband loved the coffee, especially the Medium Roast.  We ended up buying another Senseo for him to use at work.  I don't drink coffee, so this was the perfect solution.  No more making a pot and tossing the rest.  He can get a cup of joe or make two if he wants.  The pods were a little pricey though... at Walmart they average around $3.84 for 10 or .38 each.  Buying bulk like this, it makes them .25 each at the current price of $17.96.  They come each in their own bag of 18, so no worries about freshness.  My Dad also got a Senseo via Drop the Drip and we just sent him some Medium Roast because he loves it too.  It is a great gift for Senseo lovers.  He lives in a small town and never thought to look to Amazon for his Senseo coffee needs!  I think when he runs out, he will be on Amazon looking to buy the multi-pack.
Love this coffee... a nice, smooth, robust cup of coffee with no bitterness.And signing up for Amazon's subscription/automatic shipping program is one of the smartest things I've ever done. It's not only convenient, but it saves me money and time... I get 4 bags sent to my door for what 3 bags would cost in the supermarket, and I don't have to go there and back for them either. Works for me!
This is some great tastings coffee and I can't tell the difference between it and a good medium roast. Its a fine quality and tastes as good as another great decaff,Eight O'Clock Coffee, 100% Colombian Decaf Whole Bean, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 4).  Caffeine is linked to an increased risk in diabetes so its just another of those little things to try and do to stay healthy.
We drink Senseo Douwe Egberts coffee in my house every day. I usually use one pod for my morning coffee, and a "double" on the weekend. While I like all the varieties, medium roast is my favorite. We buy it by the 4-pack case in my house.The coffee has good body and is not bitter. I take mine with cream and sugar, but it is so easy to drink I could even go without and it still tastes great to me. The pod system is so clean and easy too. I love the fact that there is no cleanup. I think it would work especially well for someone who doesnt normally drink coffee but would like to have something nice when guests come over. Because the pods come in small lined bags, it stays fresh longer.
Excellent decaf that can go toe-to-toe with some caffeinated coffees. Rich tasting with no bitterness. A must purchase if you have a Senseo and want to go decaf.I just wish they would offer more options for decaf, such as some different flavored coffees (hazelnut in particular). As it stands, this is the one and only decaf offering from Senseo. I have to make my own pods if I want something different (not hard to do, and cheaper, but I do like the convenience of the pre-made pods).
Okay... so I am new to Senseo and ALL of its varieties of coffees. The machine came with a sample of Dark Roast. It's not that the roast itself was bad, it just tasted "flat" - none of the overtones of the nectar of the gods - and I was sorely disappointed. However, I was on a mission to make 1 cup at a time, having reviewed all the other 1 cup machines out there I was sure that Senseo was not just the best deal, but the best machine - and then... when all hope seemed lost... a light at the end of the tunnel was seen and at its core was Medium Roast. This stuff is good coffee people! You can taste the nuances and hints of floral, chocolately, nutty, and all those other words that go with describing good coffee... so I highly recommend these pods. They taste wonderful and will have you returning to the Senseo for another cup before work begins... FIVE STARS!!!
Here's the thing: the one-cup Senseo coffeemakers for which this pod is designed have proved unreliable. I wouldn't buy any more of them. But these pods are fabulous.I got these nearly two years ago for my Senseo pod coffeemaker that lasted for all of 30 uses. Junk, crap. But these pods have proved the opposite. They have outstanding flavor, even when they ought to be stale. Usually I have brewed coffee but when I run out and it doesn't make sense to make another pot, I put fresh water in a cup, add one of these and heat it in the microwave. Presto! A cup of java to which I add my 1% milk and enjoy. I am simply amazed that I can get such a good cuppa from a non-refrigerated, long-opened package, coffee pod!
I occasionaly check to make sure that Amazon is still carring Tuscan Whole Milk, because you never know when my other sources might dry up. I was delighted to see that there was a "bundle" offer today to buy Tuscan Whole Milk & 4.5 lbs of bananas today! It is like Amazon.com is trying to tell me something! I think I will be a better person tomorrow!
Thank-youAmazonthat you've got milkGallonsof Tuscan Whole MilkYou're probably saving themfor breakfast.Forgive meI don't want to drink themI just want to readthe reviewsabout themThey're so deliciousso sweet and coldWhen I am sad and downthey quenchmy thirstfor fun and cheerDo not delete themthey'replum wonderful(apologies to William Carlos Williams)
Of course I would pay almost seventy bucks for 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz of Tuscon Milk. Every time I sip Tuscon Milk from my flask, I think back to the first time I ever had it and, we can all agree, seventy bucks is a small price to pay for recapturing our youth.In October, the dusk comes early to Ravenna. I had given my last Euros to Fitz, who was still making an honest living in "St. Christopher's Crossing," the finest Christopher Cross tribute band that Montenegro has ever seen. This is before Fitz took to doing his Michael McDonald imitation on a full time basis; he was still content doing background vocals as the rest of St. Christopher's Crossing rocked out on "Ride Like the Wind" and "I Really Don't Know Anymore." We sat in the cafe watching the birds descend on top of the ruined Byzantine church and drank coffee while talking about the much maligned papacy of Clement XIV, the decadent state of the super bantamweight division, who the third in command of the Justice League was, and desk lamps that we had known. Fitz demanded money and promised me the truest drink that I would ever have.The aroma of the Tuscon Milk lingers too short and leaves you as quickly as clouds on a windy day, never to return. Fitz called Lady Ace and her friend Tina over. While Fitz tried to pick up Lady Ace, I downed the Tuscon Milk. It was good. It went down my throat and was still good. Tina then asked me if I had scars. I told her that I did. She nodded and said most men have scars. I drank more of the Tuscon Milk until I was tight. I told Tina that, like most men my age, I was 24. She nodded and told me that most men my age had scars. We sat in the dusk as the shadows of the old church descended over us. It was October and it would be October for the rest of the month.
This is the whitest drink ever!  If you've never tried milk before, then you should try it, its awesome!  It can give you an instant moustache too!  You just pour it in a glass and drink it!  If you like a browner drink, you can add bosco!  If you spill it on the floor, your cats will immediately walk through it! I never put so many exclamation marks in a review, so you know its good!  I will buy milk again!
There is no denying the "Tuscalicious" flavor of Tuscan Whole Milk.  If I am in the mood for a glass of milk it has to be Tuscan.  However, I find that Tuscan Whole milk is best used for bathing in.  Tuscan's milk contains vitamins A, C, D and E, all of which help maintain healthy and young looking skin.  It also does a good job of keeping my skin pasty white.  The plain Jane water I used to use from the tap doesn't have these beneficial vitamins needed for vibrant skin.  It may be more work to heat up the milk, but now I refuse to bathe in ordinary waterPROSTastes greatHelps maintain healthy and young looking skinKeeps my skin milky whiteCONSMust warm it up on the stove before bathing
so much dependsupona red strawberrypoptartglazed with whitefrostingbeside the whitetuscan milk.
For heaven's sake...Don't let them see you reading this.  I don't know how long I have. Possibly just a matter of minutes. It started this morning when Uncle Ira changed.  It was right after breakfast. We had that Tuscan Milk everyone is so raving about. In fact, I bought the last quart that Gristede Bros. had in stock, and it cost a small fortune. But quelle milk...with the high butterfat content, that smooth richness, the almost vanilla top notes and creamy but not heavy texture.  We had a bit after dinner yesterday...just a soupcon in the coffee and it was utterly marvelous.  Then this morning, we all had some of them there Kellogg's Frosted Mini-Wheats. So we had our cereal and milk, and milk in the coffee, and Uncle Ira done had himself two bowls of the Mini-Wheats plus a bowl of milk and bananas while he watched Dr. Phil on TV. That was when I knew something was wrong.  It was him that went first. Uncle Ira, I mean, not Dr. Phil.  "Uncle Ira, what you doin' watchin' that there city feller on the teevee?" I yells to him.  He come into the kitchen and he's got long underwear on and suspenders, Uncle Ira, of course, not that Phil galoot. I wuz fit to bust. Here's this neurosurgeon dress up like he was Farmer in the Dell or somepin. Well, I sez, Uncle Ira, you a newer sturgeon or somepin like it an I ain't never seed you wearin em longjohns." But damn if I ain't feelin a itch to dig up some oshkosh b'gosh overalls and slide my rusty dusty into 'em, so I goes up'na attic, which is what I all of a sudden was callin the second floor, and commence lookin' fer sum.  And then I comes down and looks outta the winder and they's there. Jes' a waitin, bidin' they time. I calt to the young uns to come look and down they come a runnin. Now, call me crazy as ol' Bertie's possum hound, but them kids jes don look like theyselves. Camilla is wearin' a washdress with a apron tied round her, and River Joachim has on t'other set a overalls what was up na attic. She got her hair in a braid and his got his all slicked back with water, and they's both grinnin like idiots. "Ready to do the chores, maw," yells the boy.  "I'll get started on them dishes," yells the girl. "I'm fixing to take a sweet tater pie over to Granma Rawlins today and I better git bustlin."  Did I mention they both et two bowls of cereal with that Tuscan milk, plus a glass each? They did.  I'z the onliest one what had jes that one bowl, thas alls I et, plus the coffee.  It musta worked slow on me, because I'm figgerin' it out. Now that I seen them things in the yard, awaitin'.  I didn't know at furst what they wuz, standin there alookin in at us, because they ain't what you expects to see from the terrace of a condo on East 58th street, but I done looked and looked, and it was them allright. Cows. Just starin up at us.  "What's them animals doin' down there?" I yelled, and then...jes like that...I knew.  It was the milk. They done it, the cows. They turned us.  That milk that we couldn't get enough of, that we was guzzlin' like hogs at the trough, it was in the milk. I don't know what it was but we's farmhands now, workin for 'em, workin' for the cows.  Gettin' up at four am to milk 'em, feedin' em, herdin' 'em. It's all about the cows now. They done somthin to us allright...you gotta save yosef...too late fer us. Listen, you go by the big barn where they used to have that there libery on fifth avenue, what we now calls the meadow. There'll be a buggy an a horse hitched to it. The horses ain't in on it, I don't think. Take the horse and...damn, I gotta go. Bossie is comin' this way...
I do not mean the milk. It has been known for a long time.  However, I have discovered that adding a little milk to coffee produces an unexpected improvement.  This is not obvious.  While milk and coffee are both liquids, they have quite different properties.  Milk is light in color, usually cold, and is the product of animals.  Coffee is dark, hot, and is a plant product.  I am convinced that if the millions of coffee drinkers knew about milk, they would become eager consumers.  Venture capital anyone?
The first time I tried this milk, I kicked the slats out of my crib. Ever since that time, I've combined it with products like honey, cookies, cereal, and on the recommendation of one of my Hollywood heroes, I once tried it with Pepsi.I got milk.
"Daddy," Stephen said, his voice starting to break on the other end of the line. He was only three and a half years old but the pain in his voice was unmistakable and pure, the way it always tends to be with children of a young age. "My cereal... milk... I need milk..."I knew then that this was a serious matter. I'd been there before myself. A victim of an unfortunate circumstance decades prior where the last bit of Cinnamon Toast Crunch I had poured myself had been tainted by the last bit of milk we had left in the house. Milk that had turned nearly three days prior. I realized it after the second spoonful, tasting what seemed to me like a mixture of old, sharp cheese and cinnamon toast.It didn't help matters either to picture myself pouring the last of the milk into my coffee that morning without a second thought. I was usually good about things like that, leaving enough of something in particular for those still in the house when I left for work every morning. But that morning, the call of milk for my coffee was too great.I gripped the phone tightly, the work in front of me long forgotten. I knew I'd have to make a stop at the supermarket on the way home. How much time did I have to wipe away the grief from his undeniably broken heart? I figured I had about an hour, maybe fifty minutes if I left right then and there."I'll get you your milk, Stephen." I said. "I'll get you your milk. You can count on it."I heard him sniffle once or twice before he handed the phone back to my wife. I knew what she was going to say just as much as I had already known what it was that I had to do.I had to make things right.I stepped off the subway nearly two hours later. A normal day would've guaranteed no more than an hour long ride to get home but I didn't take the blizzard we had just been socked with into account. I spent at least twenty minutes at Times Square with another forty minutes added to the ride at 96th Street. The veins in my temple were throbbing as I walked into the supermarket, flurries of snow falling from my hair and shoulders. The place was a disaster. I saw two women to my left fighting over a length of kielbasa, venom spitting from their mouths in hushed tones. I uttered a silent prayer, hoping I wouldn't find the same sort of scene in the dairy section. I turned into the cool air of the dairy aisle and stopped in my tracks when I saw that there was no milk left.Up until then, I'd never experienced those moments you see in the movies, the ones where all the sound goes out, replaced by only a thudding heartbeat and a high pitched tone that sounds like someone just flatlined in the ER, another recently departed poor soul in a history of departed poor souls. But right then I did. I knew I'd be able to go to a local bodega and get a gallon of milk there but there was something in that moment that defeated me. Old memories flared up and for a moment, strange yet almost comforting in its familiarity, I could taste the rancid, sour sweet taste of dead milk in the back of my throat. The image of me dropping to my knees and screaming up at the ceiling filled my mind and seemed to be in my immediate future when a flash of movement from the rear of the store caught my eye, stopping all train of thought.A flash of white color.I started moving through the aisle, pushing past an old man trying to make sense of the day's offerings in the circular. The man I saw emerge from the back of the supermarket was wearing a white butcher's coat, stained with long dried blood from the day's work. I felt a sense of disappointment, believing that I'd fallen victim to my own hopes, that is, until I looked down. He was pushing a hand truck, loaded with crates of fresh Tuscan milk stacked on top of one another.Sound rushed back into my world, the sound of my heartbeat retreating to the back of the auditorium that was my everyday world. I didn't exactly storm over to him but my footsteps thudded on the ground, footsteps of a man with a mission.I yanked a gallon out of the crate by the handle, feeling the ice cold milk inside greet me with its coolness. I knew what it would taste like because I'd had it before, not just once but many times over the course of my life. It was the perfect thing to add to a bowl of cereal and better yet, it was still fresh with at least another week and a half to go before it would turn. More than enough time to get home to my son so he could have his cereal in the proper fashion. With good old fashioned, vitamin D laced milk."Thank you," I said to the man in the white coat, patting him on the back and ending it with a hearty squeeze of the shoulder. "Thank you." He stood there, not really knowing what to say for a moment before beginning to restock the milk section. He never took his eyes from me but I think he knew. He knew that there was more at stake here than what it looked like. The milk wasn't for me and he knew that. Maybe he had a boy of his own, maybe not. But he knew.On the way home, I felt a sense of relief. I'd gotten Stephen his milk and the people at Tuscan would be happy to know that they helped a little boy get the smile on his face back. I smiled.Above, the snow continued to fall from the sky. Somewhere a dog barked and somewhere else a car horn tooted away. It all sounded like music to my cold ears.
There are few gifts I like to recieve more than milk. Whole milk too. That's the kind of milk that says that it's real. It's right. It's whole. I want that milk to sit there for years because that's what you do with milk. There's nothing better than milk - well except maybe radishes.
I walk down the street, clutching my paper bag.  Inside, Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz,  and a pack of smokes.  It's cold and the wind bites my cheek like a hungry rat.  I pull my collar higher and slit my eyes as the banshee tugs at my coat.Something pink in the gutter.  Metal, twisted.  A child's lunchbox.  Barbie perhaps.  Flattened by traffic, the indifferent tires of the city bus or the gaudy spinners on some drug thug's Escalade.  Once upon a time this was the pride and joy of some little girl.  Now, discarded, like this city.  This city which was once the symbol of our industrial might.  Discarded like the union cards of retirees as they watch their benefits shrivel and their 401k's evaporate.  Ignored like the leaves which blow into burnt out shells of once majestic houses, to rot in dank corners as the timbers lean and mortar crumbles.Michigan Avenue.  Four lanes each way but not a car or person in sight.  It's dark now and the punks rule the streets.  Good people still live here but trying to keep the gang bangers, meth heads and crack fiends out is like holding back the tide with a torn raincoat and a pair of rubber gloves.  No one around, no witnesses.  They can sneak up behind you, kick you down, steal your wallet and even give you a tattoo with their dirty Air Jordans before anyone comes along to shoo them off.  They smell fear with the instinct of hyenas.Life has changed for me ever since I started drinking Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz.  No more apprehension, even though my limp, a souvenir from 'Nam, gives me away with each step I take.  No more hiding like a cockroach.I heft the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz in my hand.  The weight feels good.  My combination lucky rabbits foot and brass knuckles.  Drunk from a tall cold glass, it can be a honeyed elixir giving strength to your weary bones and adding resolve to your spirit.  Swung properly, with enough momentum as you pivot on your opposing foot, it can break your opponent's nose like a toothpick.  At least my 3 years in the jungle were good for something.Dark now.  Shadows behind me.  From the corner of my eye I count two of them.  Punks.  They swarm the weak like maggots on putrid meat.  They've got something extra coming tonight.I tighten my grip on the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz,  slow my walk and smile to myself.
I like Chex Mix and was happy to find this via Amazon.  The product was fresh and there was little crushing of the contents.  (A problem with recent purchases in supermarkets.)I will purchase this again
I love chex mix. Its got more variety going for it than plain chips, and you can easily snack on it in the car, home, or quietly in an office meeting.The BOLD flavor of chex mix is in my top 3 favorites. On the bag it has a bottle of worcestershire, onions and garlic as the flavor profile, I can definitely taste those in this. Its not supposed to be so bold that you cannot enjoy the vehicle the flavors on are on like the pretzel, or chex, or those pumpernickel amazingness.I like to MIX my chex mix together. I combine BOLD with theChex Mix Chex Snack Mix - Honey Nut, 8.75-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)you should really try it, its delicious!
I have always been a fan of sweet and salty snacks and this Chex Mix takes the cake! 140 calories per serving is not bad, but once I start it is so hard to slow down. The new Dark Chocolate is divine too!
Excellent snack for those of us who prefer our snacks chocolate.  It's not over-the-top in terms of calories, either.  Think of chex cereals and mini-pretzels coated with semi-sweet chocolate -- just a thin coat, mind you -- so it's not overpowering.  Very satisfying, indeed!
What a deal this was for a Chex Mix lover. Purchasing a case saved so much money than buying a bag at the store every now and then.  The bags all had great sell by dates, so they will stay fresh in the pantry.
I never thought I would "subscribe" to a snack mix, but I like these so much that I now have some on hand all the time thanks to Amazon's discounted subscription rate.  I feel silly recommending chex mix, but I'm sure there are some others out there besides me who are looking for a sweet and salty healthier-than-usual snack.  So, here goes...This mix has a great combination of chex cereal, pretzels, and these sweet swirly "cookies".  The pretzels are fine, the sweetened cereal pieces are very good, and those swirls...goodness, those swirls!  I open a bag and immediately start hunting down those swirls!  They are so good that I wish I could get bags of just the swirls.And Amazon, could you please start including nutritional information with the foods you sell?  Maybe even a scan of the nutritional label?  For those who care, here are some key figures: 1/2 cup serving, 8 per bag.  3.5g fat, no cholesterol, 21g carbohydrates, 1g fiber, 4g sugar, 2g protein.
In general, I much prefer the old condensed can varieties to these new "at hand" versions, but this one is the exception.  It is very tasty and the quick and easy preparation is nice when in a hurry.  I found the classic Tomato variety very disappointing (lack of flavor compared to condensed can product), but this one has lots of flavor and is very satisfying.  The other reviews here already cover it pretty well, but I wanted to add my 5 stars vote for this excellent soup.  I have ordered several times now and the quality has been consistent and good.Two thumbs up for this tasty and quick soup.  An excellent quick snack on a cold winters day.
These are great to keep in the 'ol desk drawer and heat up to go along with a sandwich. Just the right amount and no clean up! Just be sure to open them carefully so it does not splash your clothes.
Campbells Creamy Chicken Soup at Hand is especially tasty when you need it: if you have no appetite, are getting a cold, or feel the flu coming on! These soup at hand ready to serve soups are extreme comfort when you, or someone you love, is just not at the top of their game! When I just can't face a meal, this creamy chicken soup is perfect for making me feel better - plus it gives a sick person something tasty to wash down all those meds, syrups, and other yucky stuff. And hot soup is so soothing when fighting a cold, flu, or just the "under the weather" feeling. This creamy chicken flavor is extra tasty for the amount of calories, too! Recommended!Calories 130 (per unit)4 grams protein890 mg sodium13 carbs9 grams fatwith 62% of calories from fat (which is ok when this is all you can have)
As another reviewer noted when you heat this product in the microwave, you MUST keep an eye on it.  It tips; it pops and eventually spills all over.  However, if you keep an eye on this product, stirring it every 20-30 seconds of the 2-3 minute heating period, you can avoid the spilling and tipping, ect.  Also the noodles do puddle at the bottom once you complete the soup but I usually keep a spoon nearby so I can at least finish the soup and not waste it.  Simple fact of gravity I guess but even stiring frequently can't seem to prevent this from occurring.Despite these problems, I give this product 5 stars.  I do this because it is more a convenience than a nuisance.  With lower sodium than the regular type of soup (this product is still 730mg of sodium, 30% of the recommended daily value) and an easy to go container make it a good to go snack.  Comparing the price per each on Amazon vs. a local store finds it much cheaper here on Amazon.  I recommend this product but ask you head my suggestions to avoid the problems that appear to affect others too.
I never expect a lot from microwavable soup cups or bowls. I'm happy if their reasonably edible and are not gunky or too thin. It's a nice surprise when a soup tastes not just edible but very tasty! This creamy tomato parmesan from Campbells is nice ans smooth with just the right hint of cheese and cream. It's a perfect combo for a grilled cheese sandwich or a piece of crusty bread. I've also mixed in some crushed red pepper flakes to spice it up and that works well.Texture: 5/5Taste: 4/5Consistency: 5/5Repeatability: 5/5Total quick lunch score: an excellent 5/5!
I want to start by saying I didn't realize this was for premature infants so I was unable to use this. But I figured I would leave something useful. The price on Amazon with free shipping is the best price I could find after scouring the web for a half hour. Most other places it's "cheaper" but it isn't when you factor in shipping.  At the time of writing this review was just over $15 per container.One other thing when you ordering something like this getting it from a place like Amazon, somewhere you can trust is just a good idea.
We used this when our son was born prematurely. Our doctor recommended this in order to get our baby gain some weight. I was able to help my wife with the baby a few times a day when she wasn't breastfeeding. This gave her time to get some rest. It worked great as far as my son gaining weight. The formula mixes well just like all their other products.
Our daughter was 6 weeks premature and spent the first 6 months of her life on this formula to help her put on weight (per doctors orders).  It worked great.
One of the things I like about the powdered formula itself is that it is shelf stable. Similar to things such as powdered milk, the formula will need to be kept in a cool, dry place. The expiration date is approximately ten months from now, something I really like. I used to purchase a ready-to-feed formula, but storage was a problem. Preparation and storage are definitely issues that need to be adhered to. We have thePhilips AVENT Electric Steam Sterilizerand have made good use of it over time.There are Enfamil formulas that you can tailor to your specific child&#8217;s needs.  This formula is specifically designed for the preemie to ensure he or she will have enough nutrients when transitioning to the home setting. Powder is powder and sometimes problematic to fix, but a premium formula like EnfaCare is well worth the effort. What I see different in this formula as opposed to some of the others is the addition of the whey proteins.FEATURES:&#9658;  Enfamil EnfaCare is scientifically designed to support development and growth for premature babies during their first year of life after leaving the hospitals&#9658;  Expert recommended levels of DHA and ARA to support brain and eye development&#9658;  Blend of nutrients and antioxidants to help your baby&#8217;s immune system&#9658; Clinically proven to help premature babies achieve catch-up growth similar to that of full term, breastfed infantsINGREDIENTS:Nonfat Milk, Whey Protein Concentrate, Corn Syrup Solids, Lactose, High Oleic Vegetable Oil (Sunflower And/Or Safflower Oil), Soy Oil, Medium Chain Triglycerides (Mct Oil), Coconut Oil, And Less Than 2%: Mortierella Alpina Oil*, Crypthecodinium Cohnii Oil**, Vitamin A Palmitate, Vitamin D3, Vitamin E Acetate, Vitamin K1, Thiamin Hydrochloride, Riboflavin, Vitmain B6 Hydrochloride, Vitamin B12, Niacinamide, Colic Acid, Calcium Pantothenate, Biotin, Ascorbic Acid, Choline Chloride, Inositol, Calcium Carbonate, Calcium Phosphate, Magnesium Chloride, Ferrous Sulfate, Zinc Sulfate, Manganese Sulfate, Cupric Sulfate, Potassium Iodide, Sodium Selenite, Sodium Chloride, Potassium Citrate, Potassium Hydroxide, Taurine, L-Carnitine, Nucleotides (Adenosine 5&#8217;-Monophosphate, Cytidine 5&#8217;-Monophosphate, Disodium Guanosine 5&#8217;-Monophosphate, Disodium Uridine 5&#8217;-Monophosphate). *A Source of Arachidonic Acid (Ara). **A Source of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA).
Good formula for preemie babies, has extra vitamins and everything they need to help them catch up and grow since they are born sooner they need a lot of extra stuff since they are behind where they should be, this formula helps them by adding that extra stuff they need.  While it won't catch them up completely, it sure does help and goes that extra mile and above and beyond most formulas, just for preemies.  Highly recommended!
I snag this for one my friends and plus to help her out with cost of formula. So it was very fortunate that I was able to provide this to her. This is a good product for premature babies. Her baby girl growth is consistent. She seems to like it and I'm so happy that she is putting on weight. She still has some gas and occasional spit up. So far so good so I would highly recommend this product, especially for a premature baby or a baby who isn't gaining weight well.
When our granddaughter was born at 12 weeks early, we knew she would be on so-called 'premie' formula for quite a while.  The hospital used the other major brand, but it gave the poor child so much gas, that I suggested this brand (as both of my kids had been raised on it also).  The doctors agreed to the switch and now she is a happy, smiling baby.  Since she started life at just 3.8 pounds, the fact that she is now over 13 (at two months corrected age), I'd say she is doing very well on this formula.
Medical necessity and doctor recommendation led us to formula feed, so we started with EnfaCare.  There were a few feeding difficulties not related to the formula, which was frustrating.  Once those were resolved, the formula seemed to be well-tolerated.  We ended up using this formula for about 8 weeks before switching to a different Enfamil formula.I liked that it was a powder formula, which we were able to store and transport easily.  I'd recommend this formula if you have a premature infant and the doctor is recommending formula.
This is a great formula for premature babies. It helps them gain weight and is specifically meant for premature babies. If your baby is full term I would recommend talking to your doctor first. It is very pricy- but you pay for what you get- a very good formula. Both my kids used Enfamil, one from allergies and one premature. We had no negative reactions from it compared to other brands we tried - and for that its well worth the money. Great for weight gain, but like anything relating to a baby - always talk to your doctor first:)
I used this when my twins was little. This was get. It gives them all the nutrition they need. This was easy for them to swallow and digest and not hurt there tummies. They also had less gas. Great alternative then just give them the formula. This will help them grow big as well as strong.. Helps them stay full and keeps them from q\crying all night as well.
Infants born prematurely have special needs.  Luckily, there are formulas such as this one from Enfamil Enfacare that fill the bill.  Highly recommended.
This is for premature babies to help them gain enough weight to flourish. It has extra calories and is packed with nutrition. It is not recommended for every feeding, just a couple a day in conjunction with breast-feeding. I wouldn't use this for a term baby who is within normal weight limits as it is a lot of extra calories. If your doctor recommends this it is an excellent product.
I'm soon to be a mother of 3 and my two younger children both enjoyed Enfamil Formulas. Enfamil EnfaCare Infant Formula (with Iron) is a special formula made especially for babies who are born prematurely. The Enfamil EnfaCare Infant Formula is for babies ages 0-12months and later on it can be mixed with cereal and oatmeal like all Enfamil/Enfagrow formulas.Like All Enfamil formulas It has extra DHA and Iron vitamins and helps support better growth, brain & eye development as well as immune system development. So your baby won't be losing out on any of the great essential vitamins and minerals needed for healthy development.I used Enfamil EnfaCare Infant as a great started for my daughter who was born 2 months premature. before later switching to Enfamil Premium. It helped her get her weight up and she's now a healthy happy little girl. Would definitely recommend to other parents. recommend this formula to anyone with a special little baby.
My 10 month old has had a history of spitting up. It started as soon as he was born. He would project spit up across the room several times after each feeding. He'd spit up in his sleep. We were changing him a ridiculous amount of times. It was bad! The doctors/nurses quickly put him on Gentlease(as a supplement to my breast milk). I tried to use breast milk as much as possible, but he eventually spit up so much of it that he was losing weight. As much as it hurt to see so much of my milk go to waste(lots was stored in the freezer, too), we decided to put him on Gentlease full time. He did still spit up on that formula, just not near as bad. That's when the consitpation started. I'm talking SEVERE constipation! He's a happy, easy going baby, but he would scream in pain. It even caused tearing and bleeding at times.  I eventually had to resort to a Q-tip and Vaseline just to help the little guy get a bit of comfort, and then using Milk of Magnesium once/twice a day to make sure he pooed regularly. His pediatrician told us that the Gentlease was a huge factor in the constipation.So! When we tried this formula, and we fell in love with it. There's been almost no spitting up! No constipation! (We have NOT been using Milk of Magnesium with it.) It mixes well. The powder almost seems lighter than typical formula.The only semi-complaint I have is the fact that the lid on this tub breaks super easy. We've been using the tubs similar to this with the other formulas we've used and never really had a problem, but this one broke soon after we started using it.Overall, if your little one is spitting up, I have to HIGHLY recommend you give this one a try!
One of the things I like about the powdered formula itself is that it is shelf stable.  Similar to things such as powdered milk, the formula will need to be kept in a cool, dry place.  The expiration date is approximately fourteen months from now, something I really like.  I used to purchase a ready-to-feed formula, but storage was a problem.  Preparation and storage are definitely issues that need to be adhered to.  We have thePhilips AVENT Electric Steam Sterilizerand have made good use of it over time.There are Enfamil formulas that you can tailor to your specific child's needs.  This formula is specifically geared toward the baby who continually spits up.  The A.R. formula is "easy on the tummy," and I'd agree wholeheartedly.  Powder is powder and sometimes problematic to fix, but a premium formula like Enfamil is well worth the effort.  This is a formula that takes out the "worry factor."  Is my baby keeping now enough nutrients for proper growth?"  The only thing I'm not fond of is the tub. Obviously you can't use it with any other liquids or foods and you will need to "completely empty [the] tub and wipe clean with a clean, dry cloth before refilling." Powder is powder and sometimes problematic to fix, but a premium formula like Enfamil is well worth the effort.FEATURES:&#9658;  It is clinically proven to reduce spit up by over 50%, while still providing the complete nutrition your baby needs to reach key milestones&#9658;  Enfamil A.R. provides more balanced nutrition than adding rice cereal to formula&#9658;  Enfamil A.R. includes a blend of prebiotics for digestive health&#9658;  Enfamil A.R. has expert recommended levels of DHA and ARA to support baby's brain and eye development&#9658;  Enfamil A.R. provides complete nutrition for your baby's first yearNUTRITION FACTS, abbreviated (Normal Dilution);  per 100 Calories (5 fl oz):Protein  2.5gFat  5.1gCarbohydrate  11.3gWater  133gLinoleic Acid  860mgINGREDIENTS:Nonfat Milk, Vegetable Oil (Palm Olein, Soy, Coconut, High Oleic Sunflower Oils), Rice Starch, Lactose, Maltodextrin, Less than 2%:, Mortierella Alpina Oil (source of Arachidonic Acid [ARA]), Crypthecodinium Cohnii Oil (source of Docosahexaenioic Acid [DHA]), Vitamin A Palmitate, Vitamin D3, Vitamin E Acetate, Vitamin K1, Thiamine Hydrochloride, Riboflavin, Vitamin B6 Hydrochloride, Vitamin B12, Niacinamide, Folic Acid (Folate), Calcium Pantothenate (Vitamin B5), Biotin (Vitamin H), Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C), Choline Chloride, Inositol, Ferrous Sulfate USP, Zinc Sulfate, Manganese Sulfate, Cupric Sulfate, Sodium Selenite, Sodium Citrate, Potassium Hydroxide, Taurine, L CarnitineNonfat Milk, Vegetable Oil (palm Olein, Soy, Coconut, And High Oleic Sunflower Oils), Rice Starch, Lactose, Maltodextrin, And Less Than 2%: Mortierella Alpina Oil, Crypthecodinium Cohnii Oil,! Vitamin A Palmitate, Vitamin D3, Vitamin E Acetate, Vitamin K
The pediatrician had me use Enfamil AR with my daughter because she was small and spit up so much.  I&#8217;m not a fan of adding rice cereal to a bottle to thicken formula.  It regularly clogged the nipple and I had guilt over force feeding her cereal.  Essentially, it was like, &#8220;If you want your bottle, you WILL eat this rice cereal too.&#8221;  (Yes, I know this is my issue and not really the norm.)  I was very pleased with the Enfamil AR.Pros:- It didn&#8217;t clog the nipples of the bottles and I didn&#8217;t have the guilt I guess because the rice was already added.- I love the idea of buying one plastic canister and then refill packs.  I recycle, but would prefer less waste upfront.  Why did companies not think of this sooner?- Formula mixed well and I had no issues with the powder.Cons:- It didn&#8217;t really help with her spitting up, but I think this is just my child.  Nothing seems to help with the spitting up.
This has worked well for my baby that has mild reflux. I did notice a difference after about the third day. I love the refill boxes less packaging is awesome and very easy to refill the container.
If your baby has reflux you would do just about anything to make them feel better. This formula really has done the trick for us. In about a week we went from screaming and arching after bottles, then spitting up everywhere, to a happy eater! The change was gradual so I wasn't really sure if it was working but I noticed one day that he was just doing so much better on this formula. Stick with it for a week and the results should show up!The formula is similar to other Enfamil formulas in that it is really easy to mix and clumps less than other brands. The formula mixes easily without bubbles and helps to keep their tummies calm. I like the packaging with this and usually dump the plastic pouch right into the cardboard container as scooping out of the plastic can be frustrating. Overall a great formula.

Like many other reviewers have stated, this formula is a pain to mix, but WOW does it help with upset stomach and acid reflux.  My youngest nephew suffers for colic due to acid reflux and upset stomach.  We've tried several formulas and discovered that the Enfamil AR formula worked the best for him.  It has no corn syrup solids unlike the other formulas by Enfamil - with milk solids as the primary ingredient, it's a lot healthier for infants to drink.My nephew took to this formula very well.  He hasn't suffered from too many acid reflux and feeding him has been a lot easier since he's taken to this formula.  Highly recommended!
You get what you pay for with this formula - it's effective at reducing spit-up but comes with a pretty substantial price tag. I was pleased to find it here on Amazon in a larger &#34;bulk&#34; size at a price that is less per ounce than my local brick and mortar retailer. We've found this formula to be easy to mix and like I said, it's quite effective at reducing spit-up. Great product!
I have used this formula for awhile. I liked that it really works. I saw less spitting up so that meant less staining of clothes. I used this when one of my daughters would not keep other formulas down when she was first born. This save me a lot of worrying and made feeding a bit easier . Overall a great product.
Enfamil has built up a great reputation a a global leader in infant formula, and it's not without good reason. This is an excellent product for young babies, and for babies who spit-up a lot, in particular. I would highly recommend this &#34;A.R.&#34; formula for parents who have been experiencing a lot of spit-up after feedings. I don't know what the difference is in the formula, but it seems to work.
If I had great grandchildren, this would be perfect for them.  It is Priced right and is beneficial for newborns.
This is a bit thicker than other formulas and can cause some constipation so for best results I am mixing it with regular enfamil. It works for spit up but you're going to have to use bigger nipples and make some adjustments for feeding. I'd ease this into your baby's diet so that it's not a sudden change. It works great though if you have a baby who spits up a lot.
I'm soon to be a mother of 3 and my two younger children both enjoyed Enfamil Formulas. Enfamil A.R. Baby Formula Milk-Based with Iron is a special formula for colic/spit up from Enfamil.  Enfamil A.R. is a milk based formula  for babies ages 0-12months. It's extremely versatile and mixes well with cereal and oatmeal like all Enfamil/Enfagrow formulas.Like All Enfamil formulas It has extra DHA and Iron vitamins and helps support better growth, brain & eye development as well as immune system development. So your baby won't be losing out on any of the great essential vitamins and minerals needed for healthy development.Enfamil A.R. Baby Formula Milk-Based with Iron, Combo Pack, comes with 1 full 22.2 oz tub of formula as well as 3 boxes of 16.6 oz two pack refills (which easily slip into the tub once empty) . This saves you so much money because buying the tub or cans by themselves can range from 25-28 dollars each.  I would definitely recommend this formula combo pack to anyone with a special little baby.
This is a good alternative formula to those who are no longer breastfeeding or are transitioning to/supplementing with formula. I particularly like that it is dairy free, and contains added iron.Of course, taste buds in babies are as individual as they are in adults, so your baby might not like it. Also, beware of feeding a soy-based formula as some babies who can't tolerate milk, can't tolerate soy either. With this product, YMMV. Try it out and see if it works for you.
She's less than 8 months old and she finishes a "can" every 3 weeks about.  Seems to taste exactly like standard formula based on the little finger licks here and there when we handle her bottles.  She started on her mothers milk and now soy and seems to be a smooth transition.  We will also have to do a little test with her on milk based Enfagrow Toddler Transitions Powder Cans and hope that will go well.
There was a point where our son was being very fussy and would get lots of gas. We tried different bottles to see if that would take care of the problem but it didn't. We tried this and it worked great. We weaned our son into this and finally had him full on on this for about a month. No gas and very little fussiness. These were pretty expensive so we went back to the regular formula. The gas and fussiness didn't come back. Could have been a stage in our sons development. Overall a great product from Enfamil.
Prosobee soy formula is specially formulated to reduce gas.  Gas can cause a baby to feel pain, and pain means crying.  The soy formula is milk free and lactose free, but it isn't clear what else about it is there to reduce gas.This particular formula smells bad when I mix it - almost like rotten eggs.  My jar of formula was perfectly fine, and did not make baby sick or anything.  The smell is mentioned in other reviews and is a by product of whatever they do to prevent allergy.  I tasted the formula, just to make sure that was not bad, and it tastes pretty much like Similiac Advance, which I eventually switched to for supplementing.  Baby didn't seem to have a taste preference for or against this.  Apparently, rotten egg smell is disturbing but normal and nothing to be alarmed at.I breastfeed, and selected Prosobee Soy as formula to keep around for my husband to use if I am on a business trip.  For some reason, when I made my selection, I was thinking about introducing foods and someone having said no dairy for the first year, and so that's why I selected this particular formula.  I was thinking to mix it with purees, because I hate to pump milk.  My dairy avoidance was overkill - I didn't realize how common dairy was in formulas, and I didn't first try regular old less expensive formula.I think for formulas, that you start with something easy to get, run of the mill (and, yes, cheap).  Then, if your baby is having problems with that, move quickly to something else.  The role for this specific formula, the Prosobee Soy, is for babies with a milk allergy or who have worked through other formulas and are gassy and in pain.  Milk allergy will cause diarrhea, upset stomach, and gas, and in a baby all of that is going to cause crying and colic.  Ways to spot a milk allergy are to notice a rash, hives, dry flaky patches of skin, and vomiting, and to notice abdominal pain after the baby eats.  I would guess that painful gas would be spotted by a baby crying or being fussy after meals.  It's hard to know when a baby can't talk.The Prosobee Soy formula is pretty expensive.  It's not the first thing to try, but if milk based formulas go along with a baby being fussy after meals, then a soy based formula is worth trying out.For my particular use, allowing my husband to formula feed when I am on a trip, the extra expense is minimal.  A just-in-case jar of formula for a breastfeeding mother is a one time acquisition.  This formula did fine, the two times my husband used it, there was no tummy upset in baby.  Maybe a regular formula that wasn't made specifically to deal with allergies would have been fine also.  Maybe not.  Anyway, the soy formula didn't stick my husband with a colicy baby when I had to travel, so it has served it's purpose.  I will also be mixing this with solid foods instead of breast milk, as baby begins those.One thing that makes me uneasy about this and all formulas is that the number one ingredient is corn syrup solids.  The top three ingredients are corn syrup solids (54%), vegetable oil (26%), and soy protein isolate (14%).  But many, many baby formulas have this same amount of corn syrup.  I feel uncomfortable about the corn syrup, but I guess breast milk is mostly sugar.
For infants that have a milk allergy, this is likely what your pediatrician will recommend.  I used Enfamil with my own children years ago and this product is perfect for my infant granddaughter now that she is off the preemie formula.As with any formulas, check with your pediatrician before changing and watch closely for any adverse effects from the change.  But, as a long time user of Enfamil products (over 30 years) - I can recommend this for infants that are lactose intolerant and parents who need to ensure that your infant receives the complete nutrition they need.
This seems to be helping with the baby's gas and fussiness.At first it was quite difficult to get her to take, because this soy formula is very differentin smell and taste then the other formula we've been giving herThe fact that she's teething also added to the struggle.But she seems to be adapting to the change and her colic is calming down.And we're happy to find a non-milk based nutritional answer, that seems to satisfy her.
ProSobee is a soy based formular from Enfamil. It is designed to reduce fussiness and gas which is sometimes caused by milk-based formulas. Enfamil ProSobee still provides the complete nutrition your baby needs but only uses soy protein. It is tailored to be naturally easy on your baby's tummy. It is 100% milk-free and lactose-free.Sometimes soy can cause constipation. I'd recommend starting slowly and carefully watching to make sure it doesn't affect your baby in this manner. This has happened to my daughter in the past in her toddler years though. She is lactose free as well. This is a powdered base formula as well, pack of 4 22 ounce containers. The price does seem to be higher then stores so I would shop around first to make sure the prices are somewhat the same.
My granddaughter has had excess gas from early on.  Her mother had tried lots of different products with very little difference in results.  She was nervous about trying yet another product however this product was readily tolerated by her so both mom and baby were happy.
Gassiness in infants is a common problem and fortunately, this is a product proven effective in relieving such a problem.  If this is a problem for your baby, this is definitely recommended.
This formula mixes up great, no clumps and no difficulty mixing at all. Just combine and shake for the best results. The formula contains all the dietary recommendations for an infant and helps reduce gas for children who have problems digesting lactose based formula. This is also a great addition to breastfeeding because it's a gentle formula. According to the baby it tastes great!
I'm soon to be a mother of 3 and my two younger children both enjoyed Enfamil Formulas. Enfamil ProSobee Soy Infant Formula (with Iron) is a milk/lactose -free formula for children or families who have a history of lactose intolerance. It's extremely versatile and mixes well with cereal and oatmeal like all Enfamil/Enfagrow formulas.The Enfamil ProSobee Soy Infant Formula is for babies ages 0-12months. Like All Enfamil formulas It has extra DHA and Iron vitamins and helps support better growth, brain & eye development as well as immune system development. So your baby won't be losing out on any of the great essential vitamins and minerals needed for healthy development.Enfamil ProSobee Soy is also a great alternative for babies who experience a lot of gas or colic so find what's best for your baby. I would definitely recommend this formula to anyone with a special little baby.
Baby seems to like it. One thing I noticed is that it doesn't have a bad smell and when he burps it doesn't smell bad. His poop has been more solid since we switched to the soy.  The baby's gas has seemed to go down a little bit.
GURU Natural Energy Drink provides an immediate boost in the morning when I hit the cube for the early morning drudgery. I'm not a big energy drink fan, primarily because I've never found one that works. But GURU tastes good, has all natural ingredients, and works really well. I'm a fan of GURU and this will be my energy drink for the future.
These GURU Natural Energy Drink crafted with organic ingredients do provide a serious energy boost that lasts for several hours! We drink a lot of energy drinks and have tried a lot of different brands, all with their own benefits and issues. My son drinks energy drinks throughout the day and I tend to only have them in the mornings.Besides the stimulant effect these also seem to help my cognitive functions as well, all while not making me jittery.The flavor is very hard to describe, but it is enjoyable and much better than Redbull and on par with some of the Monster flavors.Highly Recommended!CFH
This drink was easy to love. I immediately loved the taste and level of carbonation. It's a refreshing drink but also gives a high quality caffeine boost.The caffeine in this drink is good, in my opinion. It's not like robusta coffee or like sports drink caffeine, not to me at least.The taste is unique so it's not easy to describe. The taste is subtle and soothing. It's not acidic. I find it super easy to drink more than one. It's an outstanding refreshment.
The GURU Natural Energy Drink crafted with organic ingredients is a small 8.4oz can which tastes best ice cold but is good at room temperature as well.Ingredients on my cans are listed as: Sparkling water, organic cane syrup, organic white grape juice concentrate, natural flavors, apple acid citric acid, organic green tea extract guarana seed extract, organic echinacea flower extract, organic panax ginseng root extract. (notice the product screen shots and description and you will find some differences, even between screen shots of can)Contains 100mg of naturally occurring caffeine per serving100 calorie, 0 fat, 0 sodium, 25mg sugar (one of the product can shots lists salt and 5mg sodium, mine had none)The flavor of some energy boost drinks is tolerable if you know you are getting a benefit but this one tastes good on its own. In this case you will have to justify the cost for the boost as the taste alone doesn't quite justify the cost to me in such a small can.
I gave up trying energy drinks a while ago because they all tasted so awful to me so I was a bit uncertain about even trying GURU.I really liked it. It has a nice effervescence--and a bright, mild, pleasant flavor. Over ice, it is an acceptable drink, not just as an energy drink. I like that it has natural and organic ingredients, no preservatives and no artificial sweeteners (something I always dislike).  It's also vegan, gluten free and non-GMO. These are &#34;pluses&#34; that others just don't have (in addition, imo, to tasting pretty good.)The amount of caffeine is not intended to give a big &#34;jolt&#34; like some other energy drinks, but it does give a subtle boost. I liked it very much.
Like many Americans, I was an energy drink user for a while. It seemed like everywhere you went people were carrying these little cans around. Plus, there were so many start-ups creating their own spin on them that it was kind of fun to try the latest offerings.Then I began to realize these drinks, such as Monster, would give me stomach aches. So, like a lot of people I know, I just went back to coffee and didn't miss a step. When I was given the opportunity to review these GURU drinks, I thought I'd give it a shot, even though it was accompanied with an eye-roll. I mean really, a organic energy drink?Well, I am here to report that I LOVE it. The taste is great and there is no awful chemically aftertaste that is so common with others. And, if you look at the ingredients, you can see why! Nothing weird or unpronounceable! Just good stuff. And the 125mg of caffeine is plenty to give me a boost, but it doesn't leave me feeling hollowed out like some others have.My advice, give energy drinks another shot! Coffee is great, but variety is the spice of life.
I am generally not a huge fan of energy drinks, I prefer a strong cup of coffee instead. But, i thought I would give this one a shot and I am pleasantly surprised by its taste. It has a slight medicine taste at first which is how I would describe most energy drinks, but after that initial swig its very pleasant and an alternative to that cup of coffee in the middle of the day. It has a light effervescent carbonation with a white grape citrous flavor that does not leave a foul taste in your mouth like sweeter beverages, plus it is made with organic ingredients so you can feel good about your pick-me-up drink.
GURU Natural Energy Drink is a delicious tasting drink that will give you a super charge.  The drink is lightly carbonated and has a sweet taste to it but unlike most energy drinks, this one is not sticky sweet or overpowering.  After I quaffed the GURU I started to slowly feel its effects.  It was a slow burn that gradually worked its way.  I enjoyed the extra energy boost and it really was the lift I needed o start the day.  GURU comes in the perfect size of 8.4 ounces (not too much but just enough) and it wont go to waste.If you are looking for a natural energy drink that not only will give you an energy surge and taste great then GURU Natural Energy Drink is your ticket.
I don't normally buy energy drinks with sugar in it, so these were actually sweet tasting.  It didn't have the same BANG as other energy drinks, but for the size of the can, I suppose it worked well.
I'm not a big fan of energy drinks. Most are downright vile and leave me jittery most of the day. I enjoy Sambazon's energy drink from time to time and Amp, but the rest have always been a miss for me. Having said that, I'm always game to try something new.The taste of GURU is really hard to describe. It's not sweet; it's more of a bitter apple/lemon melange. I usually drink water or lemon water so it's sort of along the same lines. I find it fairly crisp and refreshing. Nothing about it tastes weird or artificial. No aftertaste either. Plus it gives a nice boost of energy without the edge others tend to give me, probably from being all-natural caffeine. The can's rather stylish too.While this won't replace my Sambazon, I will keep some on hand. Definitely recommended.
Despite the warnings of the doom-mongers, I drink energy drinks daily. With a demanding schedule at work and at home, sometimes you just can't afford to let your energy level falter, so as a result, I've sampled a whole lot of energy drinks over the years. As many of them as I've had, I can easily say that GURU is among the very best. Using natural, organic ingredients (organic, vegan, no gluten, no GMO's) and natural caffeine, GURU manages to be tastier than most of the competition without having to resort a bevy of artificial flavors. To be honest, the taste is hard to describe. I know there's organic grape juice in here, but the taste is frankly more citrus with herbal notes (it does contain guarana seed extract, green tea leaf extract, echinacea flower extract and panax ginseng root extract after all, so I guess that makes sense). The sweetness (from organic cane juice, not high fructose corn syrup) is not overstated or cloying, and the drink actually seems to be more carbonated than other energy drinks. Between the natural flavors, lighter sweetness and extra carbonation, GURU just kind of has a light, non-cloying taste to it that's a lot more refreshing than some of the other energy drinks. There is a bit of the caffeine bitterness typical of energy drinks, but even that seems to blend in with the other flavors.As for GURU providing energy, in that regards it's not quite as exemplary. GURU does provide 100mg of natural caffeine (from the green tea?) and it does provide a nice bit of energy, but to me it never hit hard or provided a notable boost like some seem to expect from their energy drink. On the other hand, it also never resulted in a post-energy crash either. GURU does provide some energy, as I definitely wasn't dozing off and remained alert and on-task, but if you're looking for a big-time caffeine rush, you'll probably need to keep looking. If you're just looking for a beverage that tastes good and will keep you awake (and might just have a more nature-conscious formulation), then GURU is definitely worth trying.
I have been on an organic foods diet for almost a year now and I have become much more sensitive to what I eat and drink. Out are the energy drinks loaded with sugars, caffeine, and artificial ingredients. In are the more gentler and natural energy boosters. This was  a surprise for me. I really liked it and it did give an energy boost, without any late energy crashes.The flavor is nice. A good palatable taste and feel in the mouth. No bad after taste. It sits well on the stomach, even an empty one. It provides and fairly quick ramp up in energy and alertness and lasts for several hours to all day. The ramp down in gently and hardly noticeable. I like the ingredients and the overall effect.I am finding that I need less energy boosting as my diet is becoming cleaner and healthier. However I am going to rely on these until the day when I can maintain great energy levels without supports. Or at least keeps a few in the fridge for special occasions. 5 Stars easy! Hope you get as much out of it as I have.
Most energy drinks taste like carbonated battery acid, make me feel like a cracked out addict, then leave me crashing while simultaneously not being able to sleep.  The Guru packaging looks similar to the rest, but it is immediately obvious that it is different.  The flavor is like a delicious organic soda.  I would drink this in place of standard sodas even without the caffeine.  The ingredients are organic and very similar to an herbal tea.  If you think herbal teas are gross, you might not like this either, but you still might prefer it to battery acid.The ingredient list on this page currently does not include &#34;green tea leaf extract,&#34; but that is an ingredient and presumably contributes part of the 100 mg of caffeine along with the guarana.  The result is energy that slowly ramps up and fades over time without a significant crash.  In fact, it almost lingers too long.  I find it hard to sleep after drinking this, even if I drink it early.Given the appealing herbal citrus flavor and more long-lasting and practical energy adjustment, I can easily say that this is my favorite energy drink.
When I try an energy drink I generally don't take notice of the ingredients. For me it's more a case of how much does it cost and what does it taste like.Well the cost here is clear and it's high. Not a million miles away from that scarlet Taurus but still more expensive. And upon opening the first can I was a little perturbed by the taste. It's a sweet, somewhat strange affair that's not quite what I was expecting. I really felt like I wasn't going to have another. No bitterness or anything like that, just... Different.Well different isn't always bad so I went hunting as to what exactly I was putting in my body. According to the makers of GURU it is crafted with natural and organic ingredients, has no preservatives, has no artificial caffeine (although it does have caffeine obviously), has no artificial sweeteners and finally is USDA Organic, Vegan, Gluten Free, Non-GMO.I do like the vegan aspect and as it's en vogue the gluten free is a nice claim to have. I must say that these were positive bulletin points to me so I decided later in the day to try another.My energy level definitely seemed to be higher and I suffered no crash or anything like that. But by the third can the best part was I was starting to acquire a taste for it. Yes despite initially being unsure I was becoming a fan!So, great ingredient list, although I'm no expert, nice taste once you get used to it and ultimately I'm happy to pay a bit more for a healthy alternative to receiving wings.Sweet!
I used to confuse "coconut water" with "coconut milk," which is a creamy, sugary delight. But it's NOT coconut water, as I learned when we lived in Hawai'i and had coconuts drop out of our palm trees at the most unexpected times. My first taste of coconut WATER was three years ago when we were still on the island... it was so refreshing, so light and yet somehow much less milky than I remembered. That's when a friend pointed out the difference: coconut milk is straight from the coconut. The water is, to put it nicely, a product of chemical wizardry.If you're looking for fresh, clear and light coconut taste -- with one of natures most reliable sources of potassium -- this is the way to go. But don't expect that creamy, milky, super-thick substance you'd ordinarily find in a pina colada. THIS is pure coconut essence, and it's perfect for those who understand there's difference between being quenched by water and being drowned in chemical sugars.
We love Zico coconut water. We like it better than the flavored kinds and we like that it is 100% coconut water.
I first reviewed Zico (this product, this page) in Nov of 2006, as one of its earliest reviewers. I gave it four stars back then. In my mind, I was comparing it to fresh coconut water (which is available here in Miami and I drink when I can).I deleted that old review and am rereviewing it as a 5-star product. After trying  half dozen different coconut waters in cans and cartons, I keep coming back to Zico. In fact, I subscribed to it and get a case monthly (and sometimes, I order two cases).This is really the best of the lot offered on Amazon (and I have ordered O.N.E and Vita Coco when they came on sale here). I even had a taste test at one--drinking sips from all three, one by one. Zico beats the other two, easy.Here is the original review from 2006:~~The reviewers who say this is an acquired taste are correct. Most folks don't grow up drinking lovely coconut water, chilled, right out of the coconut shell. And that's a pity, because on a hot day, that does the trick better than soda or any other juice.Zico, while not being exactly like the real and unprocessed thing, is quite close. It's refreshing chilled, and it doesn't have the ton of sugar some brands add. (If you like it sweet, add your own Splenda and get sweetness without the extra calories most Americans like me don't need.) But honestly, it's good to go as is.I find it goes nicely with Thai foods, natural eats, and by itself after some sweaty work. Lovely. And good for the blood pressure.Now, can amazon get some more in stock please. I really need a couple more cases! ~~This is now a staple in my house, so I think it well-earned it's 5 Star RE-review. In fact, it's one of my pre-workout drinks, because the high Potassium content keeps cramps at bay when I'm really having a tough Pilates session with my trainer.Thanks, Zico. This is a top-notch product (and I just had a carton, too!) Please don't go out of business! I need my daily Zico fix!BTW, I don't much like the flavored varieties. In this case, original IS better.Enjoy...Mir
Sometimes I get a craving that only coconut water can satisfy.  I prefer it plain and this stuff is very good.  I prefer it really chilled and often put it in the freezer.
This is a wonderful beverage to enjoy daily while pregnant!  I am 6 months preg and started feeling dizzy/lightheaded.  OB said to drink more liquids but I still have morning sickness and liquids before 10 AM dont stay down.  I tried several different coconut waters and found this Zico chocolate, ONE with guava and Naked plain to be the three I prefer.  This Zico chocolate is my favorite!  It is good in the morning when milk is too heavy and fruit juice is unappealing.  I feel much better after a couple of weeks drinking 1-2 coconut waters a day in addition to as much regular water I can stomach.  It is an expensive habit, but prescription anti nausea pills or going to the ER from dehydration is more expensive.
I understand that coconut water is not for everyone.  For me, the taste is amazing, and it's the most drinkable liquid I know - I can chug a quart.  But I know that some people don't like the taste.All I can say is that as someone who does love coconut water, I think Zico is SO MUCH BETTER than vita coco.  I really love Zico and would drink it more if it were just a bit less expensive.  Amazon pricing helps.  As it is, I drink a about a liter per day.
Being a fan of the creamy, spicy chai teas one can get in the coffeeshops, I've tried to recreate them at home with disappointing results -- until now.  I've probably purchased ten or twelve different brands of Chai looking for the right one.  I finally found it with this Stash Premium Double Spice.  It is exceptionally flavorful, and really able to hold the strong flavor.  The aroma is incredible.  Although it has cinnamon, it doesn't strike me as particularly cinnamony -- I think the cardamom flavor may come through a little more strongly.  Nor is it particularly spicy -- I can't handle spicy foods and I don't have a problem with this.  This tea is a little heartier than most -- I have taken to drinking it instead of coffee in the morning.I haven't been quite as impressed with the other Stash teas I've tried (they're okay, but nothing special) and generally prefer Mighty Leaf or Tazo -- but this tea quickly jumped to the top of my favorites list -- I'll be ordering much more.
This tea (chai) has a great blend of spicy flavors (gingery, etc) in addition to being invigorating (yes, this is black tea). For me, all it takes is a little splash of milk and a drizzle of honey, blended in, and I am one happy camper!
I think this is one of the better commercially prepared chai teas.  It has a good deal more spice than most blends, but it's not too overpowering.  I love it with a little agave nectar and some almond milk.  Yum!Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't find this tea at all bitter.  Perhaps they are squeezing the tea bags?  This reviewer doesn't know...
I usually drink green tea, straight up.  But I wound up in a Starbucks one day and ordered a Chai Latte.  It didn't taste like tea to me at all!  It was more like hot chocolate, only with spices instead of chocolate.  I thought I'd gone to heaven.  I regretted not bringing some of the Tazo tea home later.  I just started craving the stuff.  I found Tazo Chai Spice at the supermarket, but wasn't happy with the price.So I thought I'd try Stash.  I already buy some of their green teas.  It's even better than Tazo!  The Spice Chai or Double Spice Chai, they're both delicious.  The Double just has more spices and works better with milk.  Or cream :)  Makes the house smell good, too.  Not knocking Tazo, either, after all, I did rave about their tea.  I just think this is even better.If you want to give tea as a gift, spice probably won't go to waste, no matter what the tea drinker usually drinks.  Every tea drinker I know can go for a spice every now and then.
I have been a tea drinker all my life, and Stash has some wonderful flavors! I think I got primarily hooked on the finer teas when my parents drove us to Canada as children every year.  I primarily drink Earl Gray teas because they are a deep rich teas, but not overpowering.  When you drink Earl Gray, you feel like you drank a fine cup of English tea.  The Double Bergamot added to the Earl Gray is even more superior!  Bergamot is also relaxing.  This is a wonderful blend and very difficult to find in stores.
I already liked regular Stash Earl Grey and so dared to try this doubled bergamot variant. This Earl Grey variant is the best I have tried out of many. There may be ones stronger in both aspects of the black tea and bergamot or more balanced -- but I only know that this "Double Bergamot Earl Grey" is a very balanced rich black tea with bergamot -- and it is organic like other Stash teas. This doubled bergamot Earl Grey is great hot with milk and brown sugar -- or icy with just a tad lemon or lime to add to the bergamot -- or without such additions. Also it is so rich someone can add it to other plain, even modest, black tea [bags one-for-one] for a more mellow bergamot tea. I even found it interesting with black mint tea [bags one-for-one] as this variant is not overwhelmed by other teas +++
The Stash Tea Company was founded in 1972, in Tigard, Oregon, a suburb of Portland, and was originally operated out of a Victorian-style house. But, right from the beginning the company focused on making only premium teas. That commitment to quality has propelled Stash Tea to the position of one of America's largest tea companies.Among Stash Tea's wonderful infusions is Chai Spice Black Tea. "Chai" comes from the Hindi word for tea, but in the West it is interpreted as Masala Chai, Indian spiced tea. Well, in fact this tea is a wonderful version of Indian spiced tea, based on a mix of Indian black teas, spiced with ginger, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg and cloves.Now, as you might expect from that description, this is a spicy tea. When I first opened the package, the smell of cinnamon wafted up to me and I thought, "Oh no, cinnamon tea?" Well, the flavor is much more complex than that - spicy, but not in an overpowering way. In fact the flavor is exotic and refreshing, and a real joy to drink.Now, some people prefer it iced (and it is delicious iced), but I think that I prefer it hot. There's nothing better on a cold evening than then smell and taste of Chai Spice Black Tea filling your senses. (By the way, if you find this tea a little overpowering, just add a little milk to smooth it out.)I highly recommend this great tea!
I have tried so many peach teas that were either bitter, pale, or off tasting.  This is hands-down my favorite peach tea.  It makes the most amazing iced-tea in the summer.  It is robust enough to handle being served iced and is sweet enough to require minimal or no sweetners.  A very refreshing tea!
This is some awesome tea and I fear complete addiction is coming my way.  I just tried it for the first time today and am here on amazon ordering some, so I might keep plenty on hand for my Chai drinking needs.  This is a very smooth tea and will never produce a bitter taste.  It is like liquid pumpkin pie with real whipped cream.  A major part to my mouth and serenity to my senses.  I HIGHLY recommend.
I was introduced to Stash a few years ago when I sampled theirpeppermint tea, which was so powerful you could smell it through the packaging. It was so delicious I decided to get a box of each of their tea samplers, including black.Now I have another Stash favorite. After running out while on vacation I had to try a number of different Earl Grey teas (Bigelow, Twinings, Generic Grocery Store brand), and though adequate, they lacked the extra bergamot kick I'd grown to love. With Stash you get a fragrant, excellent quality tea, and they know how to package it for freshness.This is one of my favorite morning hot drinks when I want to start my day with a nice jolt. And if you have a sweet tooth like me, serve hot with sweetened condensed milk.
As someone who really enjoys Earl Grey, I was drawn to the sensationalism of the "Double Bergamot" marketing ploy. While this tea does have a clear bergamot flavor as you would expect from an Earl Grey, I cannot say I found it particularly revolutionary. Rather, this tastes like a good Earl Grey, and for the price I believe it is probably one of the better ones out there.I can't say it's overcome my favorite among standard Earl Grey teabags -- that remainsPickwick Earl Grey, which I had not found in the US until very recently. But at less than half the price, this Stash product delivers much better in price performance terms.Of course, if you're willing to spend a lot more, there are better teas out there. Likethis one in silk sachets by Harney & Sons. But this is an outstanding performer in its category. It also makes great iced tea. Highly recommended.
Wonderful smell and taste!  I have regular and decaf both, each very good.  Pronounced black tea + spices..far from a light green tea!
The truth is, you almost always get what you are paying for. In the case of this line of teas, you are just a tiny little bit above the average 'value' curve. The Stash Premium teas are not my 'number one' white teas but they are a solid 'number two'. The kind I drink almost like I drink water, several cups a day.I drink the Green-White (this one) and the 'all-white' versions alternatively for a little variation. They are both good and this combination reminds me that I used to be an all-green tea drinker until some 2-3 years ago when I switched to all-white. Now... I'm in a more moderate mood :)Oh, I subscribed for one box delivered every other month. This takes another 15% of the price and you get free shipping even when you are under the $25 limit. And you can cancel any time.
I like drinking green tea for the health benefits, but I find that many are either boring-tasting or bitter, especially without the addition of added sugar.  Luckily, I discovered Stash Chai Green Tea, which tastes great completely on its own!  It is a wonderfully fragrant tea with a tasty combination of spices, including cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg, clove, and cardamom.  The combined effect is aromatic and slightly spicy (not as spicy as regular chai tea).  You can add milk and sugar to make this tea creamier and more similar to traditional chai, but I prefer to drink it plain, as I think it's perfect as is.  Finally, the small amount of caffeine in the green tea makes Stash Chai Green Tea a great pick-me-up at any time of the day--highly recommended!
I would, by no means, consider myself a green tea expert, but, I definitely appreciate its place in my life, and as part of my morning breakfast ritual. I find that I feel the antioxidants percolate in my head. What's more, I actually am one of those weird people who like how bitter it tastes, when you've brewed it to its full potential. Stash Premium Green Tea does not fail to disappoint, in the antioxidant factor. What's more, there is a wonderful smoky quality, too. Stash has always produced a high quality line of teas, and this is another wonderful addition to their family of flavors and adventures in hot water......
The Stash Tea Company was founded in 1972, in Tigard, Oregon, a suburb of Portland, and was originally operated out of a Victorian-style house. But, right from the beginning the company focused on making only premium teas. That commitment to quality has propelled Stash Tea to the position of one of America&#8217;s largest tea companies.Among Stash Tea&#8217;s many infusions is Fusion Green & White Tea. This wonderful tea is a mix of white tea with Japanese green, Chinese green, Assam green, Darjeeling green, and organic green teas. Sounds interesting, no? In fact, this infusion has a subtle scent, and a remarkably smooth taste, with NO bitter aftertaste. Plus, it is chock full of the beneficial antioxidants that everyone is talking about.I have tried this tea hot and iced, and I love it both ways &#8211; yep, I have a new favorite! So, if you are looking for a healthy tea, one that tastes great both hot and iced, then this is the tea for you. I highly recommend this tea to all my fellow tea-drinkers!
I got this after reading about a study that said four cups of white tea a day - and no other changes to diet or exercise - could result in 4 to 8 lbs of weight loss in a year, and would actually reduce the number of fat cells in a person's body!  The study suggested that green tea was also good for weight loss, but not as good as white.  ([...] is one article about the study, but Google it and you'll find lots."So?  I split the difference and got both.For those that think that four cups of tea is a lot?  You're right.  But this tea is mild enough, and tasty enough, that I've been doing it for over a week and haven't gotten sick of it yet.  We'll see if that keeps up!
I like Stash Tea because I find that it consistently delivers good quality and great tasting tea. The Fusion Green and and White Tea is not exception. It is smooth, very aromatic and great tasting. It is one of my favorite teas and I drink it all the time.
Green tea can be very bitter especially if you brew it too long. This tea brews quickly and has a very pure taste and delicate aroma. I like drinking each cup with a packet of stevia. It seems to sweeten it just enough without masking the subtle silky flavors. This tea is made of rare white tea and green tea. White tea actually has more antioxidants than green tea and has less caffeine. So this particluar tea is very healthy. However you will probably drink it often because it tastes so good.~The Rebecca Review
I do not find this tea to be overly sweet and I take it hot or cold without any sweetener. I prefer it hot I find, but have tried it iced and found it to be quite pleasant.  This tea has a lightly fruity taste.  There are many ingredients, which I have found to be true of all of Stash's herbal teas.  To fear the ingredients, they are all top quality and marry well.  I wondered what "goji berry flavor" was and contacted the company.  Here is a transcript:Email reply from Stash when asked about goji berry flavor:Unfortunately it's proprietary information with our suppliers; however we do require natural statements from our suppliers. We use the Code of Federal Regulations as far as our definition of naturalAccording to the Code of Federal Regulations (21 CFR), the term natural flavor means "the essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive,  protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juices, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible years, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in t food is flavoring rather than nutritional."There you have it, essential oil of goji berry.  Not so mysterious after all.  I recommend getting the superfruit sampler where you get to try this flavor and five others.  I have found them all to be outstanding and go back for more all the time.
ahh what can you say about the great American meat snack.it has been around for decades and still great tasting snack. long live slim Jim!
I love Slim Jims. I usually get thetobasco flavored ones, but I thought it would be nice to try original again. I find these to be very tasty, but a bit large for a single snack portion.First of all, if you are looking for a "healthy" snack - look elsewhere. But if you are on a low carb, high protein diet that doesn't care about fat content, these make a good snack. They are really tasty without having any nasty aftertaste. They make a good mid-afternoon snack.The only drawback to these is their size. At .97 oz, they are pretty big for some people. I actually like this size, but make no mistake - this is a lot of Slim Jim at once. You might prefer the smaller size, which comesin a 100 pack.Summary: If your diet includes this sort of snack, this is a good choice. Highly recommended.
This must be the food of the gods. Although you really do not want to know what is in side. I suspect it is some sort of addictive additive, as I cannot seem to break away from them.They are not consisted from one supplier to another in that sometimes they are dry and other times they are squishy. But they always satisfy some primal need. Many people use them to clear their pallet after consuming one beer and before the next. However being a teetotaler I cannot use that excuse.You mit also note that there is a satisfying after taste; so you can enjoy them after ravenous consumption.
I've always enjoyed these Slim Jims as an afternoon snack, but never ordered them in bulk before. Glad I did because now I can enjoy one whenever I want. Much better for me than sweets.I got the original Slim Jim, but wouldn't mind trying the other flavors of this popular meat stick: beef jerky, beef steak or the beef and cheese. I like cheese, so will probably opt for that for my next purchase.As with all food, one shouldn't over-do; the extra calories should be added to your daily intake.Enjoy!Reviewed by Betty Dravis, August 14, 2013Author of "The Toonies Invade Silicon Valley"
I've probably eaten a thousand Slim Jims in my life.  This (along withCorn Nuts) was mine and my brother's favorite "gas station stop" when commuting too and from college.  A few Slim Jims, a bag of Corn Nuts, and a six pack ofMountain Dewis all a couple teenage boys need to stay alert through 10 hours of mind-numbing driving on I-90 through Southern MN and South Dakota.  Everytime I bite into one I get a rush of memories from those college years.What I like most, beyond the spicy/meaty euphoria of the first bite, is the nice snap you get when you bite off a mouthful.  There are many competitors to Slim Jims nowadays, but none of them are even close to being competitors (I don't even like the other "Slim Jim" flavors - nothing but the Original tast for me).  I don't eat as much as I used to - maybe 2-3 a year - but then when you hit some of those magic ages, you need to at least start THINKING of eating right.  Not the most healthiest snack in the world and you tend to be left with "dragon breath" when you've eaten a few of these, but the taste is defintely MORE than worth it.
Everyone knows that Slim Jim's are NOT health food, and should be eaten in moderation.  Having said that, I think a Slim Jim is a great snack every now and then.  I always get the willies when I read the ingredients.  I wish they wouldn't tell me that the chickens were mechanically separated.  Otherwise, the price of less than a buck each is far better than what you would pay in a convenience store (I got the 24 pack of the longer size, not the 100 pack of 4 inchers).  If you subscribe and save, it's an even better deal.
These taste great, salty and meaty - they hit the spot late at night watching a horror flick or action movie with especially bad acting, but great special effects. Being single sticks in single serve wrapping they also make excellent items to put in your care package to our troops in Iraq, Afghanistan, etc. Slim Jims don't melt, go stale or wilt in the heat or at the bottom of a pack out on a march.Granted these things are so not health food - I mean come on... the whole point of junk food or comfort food is that it tastes great and makes you happy. Period. If you're worried about calories or sodium intake, then you need to be shopping for something all together different like lettuce or carrots. Don't slam the Slim Jim for being what it is - we all KNOW what it is... it's a greasy, fatty, salty stick of meat in a little plastic baggie made to be eaten in 3 bites with a cold mug of beer in the other hand and a bag of Fritos as a side dish.
I love Slim Jims and these are no different.  Some of the reviews said that they contain pork, but the ones I received do not.  They are a good snack.  I like them when I am on a low carb diet.  They are tasty and fulfill the need to snack.
Well, the 1 star reviews are from people who never liked Slim Jims and would never like Slim Jims so why they buy a whole package instead of spending a quarter for one at a gas station I'll never know... regardless, these are good and tasty.  Greasy?  Yes.  Bad for you?  Of course.  But you shouldn't expect anything but a fatty treat.  For some reason they seem tougher then they were a few years back when I had them last.  Not something I would eat daily, but a "good" treat if you like them.  With the sales lately amazon has had on them, the price is right as well.
Slim Jim'sI enjpoy Slim Jim's as a low carbohydrate snack.  I'm a diabetic so low carbs is a necessary way of life.Slim Jim Giant Smoked Snacks, Original, 0.97-Ounce SticksI've enjoyed Slim Jims for a number of years now.  I noticed recently an extra hot version which I somethings choose.  If I want a slightly less greasy version I buyBuffalo Bills 2.1-lb Hot Short Shots (120 hot and spicy 3.75" beef sticks per bag)) - Available in 3 Flavors.  You might want to sample each of the three flavors to find your favorite.I recommend the Slim Jims for those who want a carbohydrate free snack.  Gunner  July 2013I highly recommend these.Gunner, October, 2009
I had eaten Slim Jim's for years. After a decade of abstinence from this delicious treat I decided to order these and they still taste great. Since so many talked about the count of Slim Jim's, I actually counted them. The box I counted had 108 with 3 of these just being sealed empty packaging. I will buy these again.
The Slim Jim Giant Smoked Snacks are still as good as ever. They have a nice smoked and spicy taste. Just enough of each to thourly enjoy these snack sticks. These are just as tasty as they were years ago.
I brought these a few times honestly and I even saw the Jax  on sale cheaper. Yes Jaxs are bigger and look tempting but thats all they are. This has the old school taste, the jacks taste more artificial then this. Even though Jax is cheaper. This tastes so much better.
Let's be honest. If you're looking for a meat stick (and who isn't?) you know you can trust Slim Jim to deliver. Long, long meat sticks, smokey flavorful goodness: the Slim Jim meat stick is a culinary treasure rivaled only by Twinkies and Major League Chew. Do yourself a favor and buy several cases. Guaranteed to survive armaggedon, these meaty delights are the perfect gift for extreme preppers and venomous snake enthusiasts. Bite yourself off a foot of smoked meat glory and buy a 100 pack today.*Doctors advise eating no more than 10 Slim Jims per 4 hour period. Eating more than this number may result in vomiting, diarrhea, a sweat that smells like a campfire cookout.
What can one really say about Slim Jims. The brand is the Gold Standard for smoked meat snacks. The original flavor is reminiscent of pepperoni. A tasty treat. Recommended!
I love having these original flavor Slim Jim snacks as a sealed emergency go-to hold me over if I'm forced to skip lunch. I always have at least one in my lunch bag so if something random comes up at work and I'm not able to go heat up the meal I brought, I can grab the Slim Jim and nosh on it en route to my other 'fire' to put out. The original flavor have spice, but not too much.They are easy to bite off and chew, and the package is easy to open. A taste similar to beef jerky, but without the jaw stress - and just enough protein to hold me over until I can get something more substantial to eat later. These aren't just an emergency snack - I eat these sometimes for a change of pace between meals. They really taste good and I prefer them to all other brands of similar types of prepared meat snacks that I've tried.
Sure, this is a "healthy" chocolate bar, but man is it good.  It is a solid fudge candy bar with a smooth texture, not grainy or powdery like so many other protein-rich products.  It is also very filling:  I ate one at 11:00 am, replacing both breakfast and lunch and was not really hungry again until 4:00 pm.  Nice.Very chocolatey, easy to bite into, not like cardboard, good price.  Recommended.
These bars taste wonderful and have 20 grams of protein! The texture is soft and chewy, very fudge like. Excellent flavor and taste. My teenage boys have already eaten half the box and I have to order more....
For something with no sugar and 20 grams of protein, these are actually pretty good tasting.  For something you can just grab and go, it is healthy and good tasting.
Lucky me, I work in a place that frequently finds ways to deprive employees of an actual lunch break. Because I frequently have to eat "lunch" on the run, the thinkThin Chocolate Fudge bar is pretty darn good. I like the fact that it has some decent chocolate taste minus the sugar. For a diet bar, the texture is pretty much like a chewy candy bar. Add a cup of room-temperature coffee, and this is lunch!
This is a review for the Think Thin Crunch White Chocolate Mixed Nuts bar. Protein bars are usually not my thing but I like this one because it's mostly just nuts and (white) chocolate.Taste: I like nuts and chocolate, so I would like anything that's made of those two things and I really enjoyed the taste of this.Ingredients: 12g of fat but only 2.5g of that is unsaturated fat, still 13% of RDA. I'd expect most of that to come from the nuts. Zero artificial sweetener which I like. 4g fiber.Summary: One of the most natural protein bars I've come across. I like the taste. This is one of the few I'd buy.
Though my favorite flavor of thinkThin bar is the Creamy Peanut Butter, this Chocolate Fudge is a very good choice as well. The idea behind these is to keep the glycemic index low, hence the fact that they are sugar free. One bar is filling enough to take the place of a meal in a pinch or serve as a substantial snack (great alternative to a regular candy bar when going to the movies). Twenty grams of protein per bar. Like anything, these will have an adverse effect on weight gain if you consume too many, but in moderation they're great.
These "ThinkThin" Chocolate Espresso bars are Gluten Free, which is becoming more important, and are a filling snack between meals. I have a bit of a sweet tooth and find these do satisfy me.The flavor is quite chocolatey but it does have a slight aftertaste generally associated with artificial sweeteners, but it is not a serious issue for me. At over 200 Calories it is hardly a diet bar but it is way better than a candy bar!Highly Recommended!CFH
Keep in mind when reading this review, that I&#8217;m on a medical diet and because it&#8217;s so restrictive, things like the Think Thin protein bars taste marvelous to me and might taste horrible to others. There are several things I like about the Think Thin bars and one of them is that they don&#8217;t use sugar.  These bars, in addition to having an amazingly good taste, will suit many dietary needs.  They are gluten free for those with celiac disease, a real plus for a lot of people. There are a few allergens, but I&#8217;ve listed them below.  When you have bars of this nature it&#8217;s to be expected.  The Chocolate Espresso just explodes with a rich chocolate flavor, something I really didn&#8217;t expect.Even if you aren&#8217;t on a medical diet, you probably will enjoy these bars.  No, they aren&#8217;t loaded with salt and sugars, ingredients that definitely enhance the taste of some protein bars.  Because I&#8217;m on that medical diet and am always looking for snacks that are not only nutritious, but I can live with.  Some things I find especially tasty, others do not.  In fact, some people have made some pretty nasty comments about things I like.  Primarily that is because I don&#8217;t eat a lot of foods with ingredients lists three miles long.  Many additives are off my list.One thing I hate is having to sit down with my nutritionist poring over things that I can and cannot have.  These will be a nice treat now and then as well as an excellent protein boost for those days I&#8217;m not getting enough.  I love these protein bars and it looks like a lot of thought has gone into the &#8220;recipe.&#8221;  A little pricey, but that&#8217;s a consideration you&#8217;ll have to decide for yourself.NUTRITION FACTS:Serving Size:  1 bar (60g)Calories:  230Fat Calories:  70Total Fat:  8g  12%Saturated Fat:  3g  15%Cholesterol:  &#60;5mg 0%Sodium:  140mg  3%Total Carb:  25g  5%Other Carb:  1gDietary Fiber:  1g  4%Sugars:  0gSugar Alcohol:  10gOther Carb.  11gProtein:  20gINGREDIENTS:PROTEIN BLEND (WHEY PROTEIN ISOLATE, SOY PROTEIN ISOLATE, CALCIUM CASEINATE, CASEIN), GLYCERIN, COATING (MALTITOL, COCOA BUTTER, CHOCOLATE, SODIUM CASEINATE, MILK FAT, SOY LECITHIN, NATURAL FLAVORS, SALT), MALTITOL, ALKALIZED COCOA, COCOA SOY CRISPS (SOY PROTEIN ISOLATE, ALKALIZED COCOA, TAPIOCA STARCH), PEANUTS, WATER, CANOLA OIL, NATURAL FLAVORS, SOY LECITHIN, COFFEE.ALLERGENS:MILK, PEANUTS, SOY.MANUFACTURED IN A PLANT THAT ALSO PROCESSES EGGS AND TREE NUTS.GLUTEN FREE Certified Gluten Free by GFCO, gfco.orgThink Thin Crunch bars:Brownie CrunchCreamy Peanut ButterChunky Peanut ButterChocolate FudgeWhite ChocolateDark ChocolateChocolate EspressoChocolate Covered StrawberriesCookies and CreamCaramel Fudge
How this is better than a dark chocolate/coconut Balance bar: less saturated fat, better texture, no "vitamin" taste, better flavor overall. These are delicious, with nice crispy espresso bean pieces. The chocolate texture isn't quite "candy bar" but it's not the mealy Balance bar texture, either. The one advantage that the Balance bar has is fiber - the thinkThin bar has no fiber at all. But it tastes great, so have oatmeal for breakfast (to get your fiber) and this for lunch or as a snack after your workout.
This is one of the only bars that truly keeps me full. I eat a whole bar and it stays with me for hours. The taste of espresso is really delicious, and especially great if you eat this as a morning meal bar. I loved it from the first bite. Some of these bars contain peanuts so be sure to check the label before you order or consume if you have allergies. While you will not be tricked into thinking you are eating a decadent treat, this bar really does the trick in filling you up so you don't go ahead and indulge in a decadent treat.
I have tried the peanut butter ( which is good ) but haven't tried this version. It has a very coffee chocolate flavor and was very good. Surprising they fill me up as well. Will order again
20 grams of protein and 230 calories is about as good of a ratio of protein to calories as one will find in a protein bar and have it still taste good. I'm going to buy a box of these. I was only give one sample bar. Had they given me other flavors they may have sold me on them but the Chocolate Espresso is really good.
Normally I don't like udon noodles (thick noodles) but the ANNIE CHUN'S KIM-CHI SOUP NOODLE BOWLS are really good.The broth has a sour and spicy taste, like kim chi, and goes great with the thick udon noodles. And the noodles aren't dehydrated like other instant soups, which is pretty good considering that the bowls don't require refrigeration. On the hotness meter, I'd say about medium hot and it's well flavored.It's easy to make, too! Just open the packages place them in the bowl and add water and stick it in the microwave for about 2-minutes. That's all. I'll probably order more once I finish this batch.
This is a spicy and good tasting instant soup bowl, and it is vegetarian.  It is so easy to make: put everything into the bowl, add 1 cup of boiling water, and you have a delicious meal in a minute.  It can't be any more INSTANT than that.
who's in the Navy.  I like to send him a care package every so often, and these noodles are lightweight which makes them  inexpensive to ship.
This is a really great soup. The price is a big high, but it makes up in quality and value. The bowl is biodegradable and the paper that covers the bowl can be recycled anywhere, making this one of the most environmental friendly food products on the market. However, what it helps in the environment it does not take away in taste. The taste is very mild, which considered ideal in Japanese cuisine. You can dilute the taste or give it more taste depending on how much water you put in, but the ideal amount of water is the amount instructed to put in. If you added to much water, the water will not be as brown as pictured! there is not much veggies as pictures but the noodles are soft and delicious. It is a great meal for those who work at the office, just heat up a cup of water in the microwave and pour.  For the large males, it might leave you a bit of wanting more. For children, the serving is more than enough. On average, it leaves you feeling just right!
I really enjoyed the soup. Very easy to make, you don't have to soak udon noodles if you use hot water. Just make sure to break them up and then wait five minutes for soup to be ready. I like that it's a low sodium and high protein too. I put it on Amazon auto subscribe.
Some over-the-counter Chais are yukky -- but Tazo does NOT disappoint!! it is GREAT!!!If you have no desire to make Chai from scratch (been there, done that -- it was very good), then try Tazo Organic Chai -- it's as close to home made as you'll ever get (IMHO).Steep it as per the instructions on the box. Smell that wonderful aroma??!!!Add a little cream or milk or Soy (or, rice milk, etc etc) and a little sugar/honey and kick back and enjoy!!This is BLISS, this is MEDITATION of the highest order, in a teacup.(PS- add this tea, cooled, to your smoothie or milkshake too)
If you are looking for an excellent basic tea - one without exotic flavors - then Tazo Awake Black Tea is for you!I have been a tea drinker since childhood, but several years ago noticed that grocery store teas - Lipton and Tetley - did not seem as good as in former years.  Further, I found I was getting queasy after drinking those teas.  It seemed I would have to forego my afternoon cup of tea.  Then my husband brought home several Tazo Awake tea bags; they had been a complimentary offering in one of the hotels in which he stayed.  Tazo Awake was wonderful - it tasted just as I remembered tea tasting in earlier years.  Additionally, it didn't upset my stomach; that was a real plus!Tazo Awake Black Tea is an outstanding choice for anyone looking for an excellent basic tea.  I particularly like it with cream and sweetner, but find it just as good without those additions.Amazon is the only source from which I buy Tazo Awake Black Tea.  The price beats anything else I've found and delivery - even with Super Saver shipping - is quick.  I had my tea on Monday, and I had ordered it on Friday.  Thanks Amazon!
This one is the Best of all the chai teas I've tried, and I've tried bunches!Numi - almost as good, but very priceyTwinnings - all you taste is black tea, no chai spicesStash - too cinnamonyGood Earth - great chai spice taste, but not enough black tea taste!Yogi - see Good EarthCelestial Seasonings - see StashI've even tried the Marsala Chai at Cost Plus, which was pretty good, but can't compare to Tazo!Tazo has the perfect blend of black tea and chai spices and is reasonably priced.  I alternate this one with Stash Holiday Chai (my 2nd favorite).If you don't want to buy this much tea just to try, then go to Target.  They have individual boxes of this tea for under 4 bucks.
A very pleasant flavored green tea.  The added Lemongrass and spearmint give it a "softer" flavor and takes off the harsher edge that green tea has.  Sort of a cross between a green tea and an herbal tea.
I love this tea. Previously I was not a tea drinker. This tea has a very calming effect. I feel relaxed after a cup of Red Bush tea. It also helps you sleep, but you wake up feeling more refreshed. The taste is great. It has a great combination of spices. You do not have to add anything, it is great as is. I hope you will try it, you will like it.
"Sitting on the porch of a bungalow on a tea plantation in Darjeeling, you can see the peaks of Everest and Kanchenjunga as you sip a cup of this exquisite brew. Life is good." ~tea packetIf you want a subtle tea with a smooth, soothing flavor, then Darjeeling is an excellent choice. The slightly floral flavor is much milder than an Earl Grey. I especially love this blend when eating a Caramel Apple Cobbler Clif Bar. For some reason, the flavors mingle nicely.While many of the Tazo teas are blends of a variety of teas, this tea is purely a blend of Organic Black Darjeeling teas. The tea is grown near India's border with Bhutan. There are only "true Darjeeling" tea leaves in this tea.This tea is just perfect when blended with an Organic Sucanat: Natural Sugar Cane. You might also want to try using "milk powder" instead of cold milk with your tea. I find it helps to keep the tea strength and adds a creamy element to the smoothness of this tea.Darjeeling is a very satisfying blend for morning tea. You might also enjoy AWAKE and Earl Grey if you enjoy this tea.I just love the packaging of the Tazo Teas. The individual wrappings have a nice crinkly sound and the colors are all so soothing and quite beautiful. These teas are definitely for the aesthetically aware. Drinking Tazo teas literally becomes a magical experience. There is something mysterious going on here. The teas even seem to have a magical glint or luster to them. When you drink Tazo teas the world looks more beautiful and you feel much more aware of life itself. I find that my creativity soars after drinking Tazo teas.For more information on the mysteries of Tazo Tea, read the review for the Tazo Assorted Teas.For a calming experience try the Tazo Calm Herbal Infusion which is perfect for quiet evenings, after completing a yoga workout or just to sip on while you write in your journal.~The Rebecca Review
I'm a coffee drinker. Like day in, day out coffee for me please. But I'm terribly picky about coffee and when I'm not drinking coffee I prefer non-caffeinated drinks.This is my favorite herbal infusion. I drink it straight up and hot. It's a very fragrant infusion with a heavy floral taste and scent which may not be to everyone's liking. It's tart verging on sour. I prefer bolder flavors, and this suits very well.My daughter also loves this one occasionally with honey, and it's the only non-fruity infusion she'll drink with any regularity.The color of it is gorgeous, the scent is heavily floral, the taste is floral/tart/citrus.Individually wrapped, I usually keep a bag or two in my purse for when we are some place that offers hot water but no teas that we like.
I'm in love with this green tea.  I tried so many, from Bigelow, to small upscale brands, to regular store brands.  Tazo's organic green tea is the best.  Also available such flavors as green tea tips, japanese, and a lot of green teas flavored with herbs or black teas.I enjoy this one as iced tea, one bag to a 1L poland spring bottle, six hours in the fridge, a little stevia for sweet flavor w/o sugar and you have a wonderful, healthy drink.  Can't beat that, and btw, can't beat amazon's price.  They're extremely expensive and rarely discounted in local stores.
When you live in central Ohio, you're only allowed a FEW things that the rest of the country has. Well, this coffee is one of those things and boy, is it awesome! Don't be afraid to try it if you look at the title and think, "Columbian, ooh, that's gonna grow some hair." It's not strong. Not weak either, mind you, but the description above really does fit the flavor. I've enjoyed it immensely in the evenings, as well as the mornings. And need I mention that it smells up the entire kitchen, really, with just one cup? Great stuff there, has to be fresh and awesome to have just one cup make that much aroma. And, if you're like me who sincerely misses sticking her nose in the open package of coffee, which you cannot do with these K-cups, that should certainly help a bit!Can't say enough good about it - just grab it and enjoy a nicely blended, smooth cup of coffee. Highly recommend!
I love coffee and I like blueberries but the idea blueberry coffee sounded very strange to me. On day we purchased a variety pack that had all different types of coffee in it and there were several Green Mountain Coffee Wild Mountain Blueberry K-Cups in it. I was curious and decided to give it a try and I have been hooked ever since. We have purchased these many times since then and it has become one of my all-time favorites. I like to add a little sweetener to this coffee after I brew it. It reminds me of a sweet blueberry muffin and a cup of high quality coffee. The mixture of the true is simply delicious and I don&#8217;t think I will ever get tired of these.
We like this particular coffee the best, it isn't bitter and it does have a good taste, not real strong but not real weak either. I use the middle cup setting on the kuerig for this coffee unless I am adding ice then I will use the smallest because of the extra water the ice gives.
I buy these for my mother who drinks a lot of coffee and loves the k-cup, they have consistent flavor and so far a good price so I buy them on the subscribe and save program.
Though this does not sound like it will taste great - IT DOES!  The blueberry is more of an aromatic than flavor addition to the coffee.  It is a nice light medium roast that is satisfying and smooth.  It's great with or without milk added - I don't put sugar in my coffee!If you have a krups coffee maker, try this one.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.  It's an especially nice treat for your holiday visitors.
I have had a Keurig for about 3 years now and have tried all kinds of K-cups but I keep coming back to the Green Mountain brand and especially the Dark Magic as it is as good as the strong roast you can get outside the coffee shop brands and the European coffee shops. I brew twice in my brewer for a 16 oz cup of java and add an international creamer. My favorite is chocolate. Since I love mocha I brew a 16 oz cup using 1 Dark Magic k-cup and then a Green Mountain hot chocolate to make the best mocha java in town.
If you are going to use Kcups you should consider this one. A nice strong taste that's not bitter or acidic. This is good to have on hand when you want/need a quick cup of coffee and you haven't the time to use a re-usable kcup filter. Works well in my B-60 .
I am fussy about coffee, I was a hard sell on the Keurig in the first place, and decaf is not my favorite.  Having said all of that, I love this coffee! Tastes smooth and good, and it is easy to forget it is decaf.  I will be buying more!
This is currently my favorite K cup. If you happen to enjoy Folger's black silk or breakfast blends, you are likely to enjoy this. It's the complete opposite of a light roast or a French/Italian roast. This is flavorful, roasty/nutty and just a big bold cup of happy.
If you are looking for a mild decaf coffee then try this Breakfast Blend Decaf. It has a good taste but not too strong for those who prefer lighter coffees.
I got a Keurig machine for the first time last year and it came with an assortment of different flavored K-cups. I was underwhelmed at most of them, but there were a few that were good enough to convince me that my Keurig COULD make an exceptional cup of coffee. My search for the best K-cups was on.When I first saw this K-cup flavor on Amazon, I thought it sounded disgusting! I don't even like blueberries especially and never eat them except in a blueberry muffin. However, after reading the glowing reviews, I ordered a box.This stuff is like crack! I'm telling you, it takes K-cups to a whole different level. The smell fills the kitchen as it's brewing. It's not a dark roast - it's more of a city roast and is perfectly smooth without any hint of bitterness. The blueberry taste and aroma is not overpowering, but perfectly compliments the coffee.You can use the 12 oz setting and still get a full, rich cup of coffee. I use the 8 or 10 oz settings when I need a jolt of java goodness on the run.Here's a tip - if you want the most decadent cup of coffee ever, add a little heavy cream. Half and Half is also good, but you owe it to yourself to try it with cream just once. It's like a just-baked blueberry muffin and a cup of coffee all in one sip. I always drank my coffee black but with this flavor, the cream is just too good to pass on. I serve it to my guests with the heavy cream and everyone raves that it's the best cup of coffee they've ever had.If you have a Keurig, you NEED this Wild Mountain Blueberry flavor.
Ok, I will admit that when I saw Vegi -- I expected more than ONE Veggie to be in the mix-- it turns out that the pasta is made with Cauliflower. I was a bit hesitant, but fired up the stove, set the pot a-boiling and made the pasta -- the kitchen smelled mildly and pleasantly like Cauliflower. ADd the cheese, milk (in my case unsweetend Soy Milk) butter (in my case olive oil), mixed everyhing as per instructions,and -- well..I suppose this serves two or three people, but I ate the WHOLE pot in two closely spaced sittings. Ummm! It was creamy and WONDERFUL!! The cauliflower gave the pasta a tangy-sweet taste. On the second sitting (which took place about 5 minutes after the first sitting) I added Little Baby Peas to the mix, because I LOVE to add Little Baby Peas to my Mac and Cheese -- and then I scarfed it all up.This is a wonderful new product -- I would also suggest that Kraft consider another version, using carrots -- orange Mac and Cheese with Orange cheese -- and even -- Spinach maybe!I will buy this product again - it is really a great new twist on Kraft's "usual" (which I also love) Mac and Cheese.
I love Macaroni & Cheese, I just love it. It's just so bad for you. This is a great product and has 3 grams of fiber per serving. Still not the best thing in the world for you, but certainly better than the other kind. Taste's like regular macaroni & cheese to me. I will be buying this from now on.
We switched a long time ago to only eating 100% whole grain pasta, so we haven't eaten Kraft in a long time, but I was intrigued by the veggie claim, 1/2 serving of veggies.  Now, I could not find on the box if that was per serving or if that was per box.  The pasta gets veggie serving from cauliflower, and it was just fine tasting, no one would ever know.  The cheese was of course lust like any other Kraft mac n cheese.  So, if you are just looking for a way to sneak in more veggies into your diet, then switch from your regular mac n cheese to this, you'll never know the difference.  I will add that the pasta is best when cooked for the shorter recommended cooking time.
tasted just like regular Kraft dinner to me. Required a little more preperation than the premade tubs that you just microwave but kids who are picky about eating veggies this is a great idea. They'll need more than just this of course but it is a start.I only served this to myself and two other people and we did all agree that this tasted good. A must for kraft dinner lovers!
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese beckons back to lonely days running home at lunchtime. As I lay heart-strewn and crying about the harsh rejection meted upon me by the fairest of the playground beauties, soft noodles in a cheese cream sauce would ease my ache.Daily, at morning recess, I would smile weakly and say hello to Heidi, who, in return would grimace. There stood I, in a pile of sadness, swings and slides all around, alone, and she, having moved on, would toil no longer in my presence.Today, all so many years beyond, I do not remember if it was her kickball skills, or the way she whispered, "Green Eggs and Ham," ever so flirtatiously, just within earshot. Her gentle words were never meant for me no matter how I thought her eyes caught mine, and with clarity, at recess, I was reminded of her tease.Recess would pass into lunchtime, and as the bell rang, I blew out the door and ran the quarter mile home. Anger, grief, all inside boiling, looking to be purged, pushed me homeward. Second grade happiness would be found where my mom made lunch.Resting on our kitchen table, steaming with freshly ground pepper, was the golden orange macaroni and cheese. A bit of butter and a few drops of milk converged with the cheese for the smooth-sweet-salty taste with which I could indulge my insatiated heart.My mother, forever smiling, and me, upset at Heidi who was forever guiling, until soon, I, with my belly full, was no longer riling. Fair maiden was never won by macaroni and cheese, but my broken heart was oft-mended by its flavor.--Brockeim
This tastes just like the original Kraft Mac and Cheese we love, but contains a veggie you'll never guess!  Cauliflower is mixed into the macaroni, so that the whole box contains about 3 servings of veg, just from the pasta alone.If you love the original Kraft Mac and Cheese, you'll love this one as well.  No mac and cheese product can beat Kraft's.  Still the best!
I really like Kraft Mac & Cheese - have since I was a kid. It's a comfort food and no, I don't care about carb counting etc when I'm craving mac & cheese. I like this "vegi" version of Kraft Mac & Cheese. It tastes like the original, apparently the only difference is the noodles - the cheese flavor packet is the same. One difference I did notice is that the noodles seem to cook a couple of minutes faster than the original, though that could also be the result of some new cooking pots. I would buy this version if the original was out of stock at our local grocery store - though I don't see any reason to pay extra for the "vegi" labeling.
I'm a mac'n'cheese fiend.  I love all kinds of mac'n'cheese from the powdered cheese-product variety to the real deal made with cream and endless cups of cheddar.  So, trust me when I say that you won't be able to TASTE the difference between this Vegi version of the Kraft mac and cheese and the standard original boxed Kraft mac and cheese.The only thing I noticed was that when I was cooking the pasta, my kitchen smelled as if I were cooking broccoli - so if you're trying to hide the fact that you're sneaking in vegetable servings from your picky kids (or in my case, husband) be sure that you keep them out of the kitchen as the pasta is cooking. The final product was totally tasty and there was no noticeable difference in texture or taste from the original.
The cynic in me wants to know how I know they are not lying about the veggie content. LOL!  But, seriously, I made this for lunch and it tasted just like regular Macaroni & Cheese from the famous blue box. My only complaint is Easy Mac is something my kids can make on their own, and this involves a few more steps. But, that is not the fault of the veggies.
Kraft Mac and Cheese has always been my go-to quick mac and cheese. Though there may be some subtle taste difference between this and the regular, I can't taste it and neither could my husband. There is only 1/2 serving of veggies per cup, but getting an extra half serving of veggies in your mac and cheese isn't such a bad deal, really (and if you mix in some peas or green beans, then you've got yourself a bit of a meal). (I think the real question here is if we should wonder if the federal regulations for saying something has a serving of vegetables/fruit have become too lax lately.)I'd definitely buy it again. I'm currently pregnant, so any place I can sneak in an extra vegetable serving (especially since so many normal foods don't appeal to me now) is good. And while I don't think this is the way to get your kids to eat their veggies, again it's not a bad way to get some extra in there.
Usually mac and cheese is either too much mac versus cheese , or the other way around. This had the perfect balance.The texture was very smooth and appetizing.Upon second sampling we added chicken and brocolli to make it a full meal.A great value , and a great tasting product
If you remember the old commercial where a restaurant switches Folgers for their regular brew and no-one realizes; now we can switch the old mac and cheese out for a new improved extra veggie version. The reason why?....the kids didn't notice. Simple as that - we live in a household where the grown-ups have a sophisticated palate whereas the children prefer more 'junkfood' fare. Whole wheat spaghetti and ground turkey rather than beef notwithstanding, this latest addition to the healthy choice for kids crusade (Thanks Michele Obama!) is a winner simply because it does not stand out. Congratulations Kraft!
I just made this mac & cheese and all I can say is.....seriously?? Veggie pasta?? No way!! My daughter and I ate this and we couldn't tell the difference between this one and the regular one. I keep several boxes of the "regular" one in the pantry. My daughter likes it as a snack after school and our grandson always asks Mimi to fix it for him! If this "veggie" pasta mac & cheese comes to my store shelf, I will definitely buy it! Why not slip some veggies in when and where you can!! I really was expecting it to have a different taste so I was very pleased when I tasted it. Go ahead, try some. You won't know the difference and you certainly won't be able to taste the veggies!!
The Kraft Vegi Mac and Cheese tastes great to me and my family. It has more nutrition than the original Kraft Mac and Cheese as well. Based on the box the vegi pasta has less sodium and cholesterol than the average mac and cheese. It also has more Vitamin C, iron, and dietary fiber than the average mac and cheese. So you get an item that tastes great and that is very nutritional so it wins in my book.With that being said the original Kraft Macaroni and Cheese comes in a 7.7 oz box and this Vegi comes in a 5.5 oz box. This is a huge difference in size if you are feeding and entire family on it. This is also more expensive than the original Kraft mac and cheese.For me and my family nutritional value is huge so I would rather pay a little more and get a little less so this is why I give it 5 stars. However, if nutritional value isn't as important than it would be better to stick with the cheaper original Kraft mac and cheese.
This veggie version of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese Dinner made with cauliflower noodles tastes EXACTLY like the old favorite.  Each cup provides one-half serving of vegetables.The nutritional values are almost the same as the original dinner with  slightly more iron, Vitamin C, and a little less cholesterol.That good old, tangy cheese flavor I've loved since childhood is still there and no one will know it's got a vegetable in it.  Delicious!
While the first ingredient of this product is enriched wheat flour, cauliflower is not far behind. I myself have used pureed cauliflower as a "stealth ingredient" in meals, such as in mashed potatoes, a-la Jessica Seinfeld's cookbook.  It's a great add-in, as it provides quality nutrients and fiber with minimal changes in taste.  I have found though, that if you add too much of this vegetable, it does become noticeable.  And while I don't mind this myself, my kids notice and don't care for it.So I was very excited when I discovered this product.  And when I made it as part of our dinner tonight, I was eager to see how it turned out.  Would it be worthy of the Kraft Blue Box?While straining the pasta after cooking, I could detect the scent of cauliflower, but it wasn't intense.  The product cooked up the same as usual with no sign of any difference.The taste was just fine.  My husband and I noticed a slight difference in taste, but we liked it.  My six-year old made no comment whatsoever, and we didn't tell him about the new ingredients.The current price on Amazon puts this product at about $1.66 per box before shipping.  I usually pay less than a dollar for generic mac-n-cheese, but I've been buying it less and less in recent years because of the less healthy white pasta.  So while this product is a bit more expensive, I love the cauliflower feature.  I'll probably keep an eye out for online promotions or grocery store coupons, but I'd love to buy it in the future.
Gone are the days when moms make kids sit at the dinner table until they finish their broccoli- companies are finding all sorts of crazy ways to sneak servings of vegetables into foods that kids love. I'm amazed it took this long for Kraft to jump on the bandwagon!In one cup of Kraft's Veggie Mac & Cheese, there's a half cup of veggies! How awesome is that?! Thanks to the Amazon Vine Program, I had the opportunity to taste the new Kraft Veggie Mac. I definitely couldn't tell the difference, and I've been eating original Kraft Mac & Cheese for a long time! My only hope is that they'll eventually make the shapes (e.g. Cars and Spongebob) with the veggie mac, because I prefer the shapes over the tube-like pasta (it's a consistency thing- no, I'm not that hung up on cartoons).Your kid will never know they're eating veggies while they eat their dinner- there's no difference in taste, color, or consistency! Kraft should start cranking this option out for Easy Mac too- then lots of college students would get more vegetables in their diet as well!
One of my favorite comfort foods is Kraft macaroni and cheese. Now there is a way to enjoy one of my favorite meals and still get my daily servings of vegetables. Kraft Blue box now makes a macaroni and cheese with 1/2 serving of vegetables per cup. So I can enjoy my mac and cheese and still get my veggies. I wasn't sure how I would like a pasta made with veggies, but this dish would never have you guessing there were any veggies hidden inside. The taste was as good, if not better, than the original Blue Box mac and cheese made by Kraft that I have enjoyed for many years. It was so creamy and tasty, I wanted to eat the whole box! I made it using the Light prep method substituting unsalted butter and fat free milk for margarine and 2% milk. This didnt in any way take away from the taste.I think this is  prefect for kids that love macaroni and cheese but hate to eat their vegetables, but also great for us adults that love our childhood favorites. Now I can eat my mac and cheese and not feel guilty!
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, 7.25-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 24).  We brought up our children on "macky cheese," as some of them called it.  With years of purchasing various brands, we discovered in our households that this one is the best.  The children considered it the gold standard,as far as taste and texture were concerned.The children in our families all learned how to prepare it at very young ages, because they were motivated to have something good to eat.We were happy because our children were getting great food they needed with calcium and fiber. We were happy that they were content with this convenient food in a box and that they preferred it to fast food to be bought.Now that we are older and our tastes have changed, we still cling to that box of Macky Cheese.  Occasionally, we eat it plain, but more often we add all kinds of things to it, such as tomatoes, mixed vegetables, almonds, pine nuts, and curry.  We layer it with collard greens and chili.
Kraft Blue Box Macaroni and Cheese was very good, you can't really tell that it is Vegi.  I found it was creamy and tasty, but a little salty.  Using the ingredients all at room temperature, rather than straight from the fridge helped with consistency.  Adding extra veggies also helps, and kids eat it because they become covered in cheese.
I grew up on Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.  I still love it and now my daughter loves it, too.  There are all sorts of fancy macaroni and cheese, but only the Kraft classic will do.  It's not too runny and not too cheesy and not too gooey.  I make it "lite," as per the directions on the side of the box, and it comes out healthier and I like it just as well.
It's Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, what's not to love? I buy it in units of 15 because it is generally cheaper than buying it at the supermarket. Also, the postal person brings it right to my door, all I have to do is put it away. So if you and your family like Kraft Mac & Cheese, this is the way to go for savings on the brand name product.
I hate cauliflower. HATE IT.However, this doesn't taste like caulifower. It just tastes like Kraft Mac & Cheese. It's good. It's yummy. It may not be all that much more healthy, but it's a neat trick and I think it's probably better than eating more wheat flour in my diet.It's easy to make, tastes good, and it's affordable. I'd still suggest eating some real vegetables as a side dish, but every little bit helps, eh?I recommend it. Give it a shot... Even if you hate cauliflower.
I told my kids we were trying "new" mac & cheese that was healthier for them. I asked them to tell me what they thought and to be honest. Both of my kids said they could NOT tell the difference between the veggie mac and "regular" mac and cheese. Even my brother (who loves Kraft Mac & Cheese and was VERY leary of trying *veggie* pasta) liked it. Myself, I'm not a big mac & cheese eater but it tasted the same to me as the regular stuff. Luckily I'm not a mom who has to sneak veggies into the diet of my kids (they like veggies) but I'm always looking for ways to make boxed food (which I very rarely use), more healthy. Thanks Kraft
I've always loved the original Kraft Mac & cheese.  My parents would buy it when we were short on money at  19 cents a box.  So I've been eating it for 50 plus years.  I personally noticed a very slight difference in taste.But my grandkids loved it & didn't notice any difference.  So we'll be buying it regularly.
This was DELICIOUS! My children, who love macaroni and cheese, gobbled this right up and never once questioned the taste or noticed anything different about it. It cooked up perfectly - no lumps or runny sauce - and looked exactly as you would expect Kraft mac & cheese to look. When I told my kids about the hidden veggies, they looked surprised, and went back for more! This is definitely a keeper and we'll be purchasing this again.
Excellent and easy to prepare. Vegetable is in the pasta already. Tastes great, highly recommended. Speedy low cost meal or side dish high quality and good brand as one would expect. More Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, Please?
Like the others I can not buy unsalted peanuts where I live so I have to order them by the case from Amazon.  I'm no peanut expert but I can say these are bigger than your average peanut and they are roasted to perfection.
For those times when dry-roasted or salted nuts don't hit the spot, Planters developed the "Sweet & Crunchy" variety. The peanuts are coated with a butter toffee glaze.Don't let the order quantity (six tins) turn you off. This is a great value for Super Bowl parties, picnics and camping trips. No party plans? Keep a tin at work and home for an afternoon snack. Accompany these with black coffee or tea and you can skip the cream and sugar.Ingredients: Peanuts, sugar, butter (cream from milk, salt), salt.Nutrition facts: Serving size 1 ozServings per container: 10Calories: 140
I'm on a DASH diet to lower my sodium and one of the classes of food in the diet are nuts, seeds and legumes. Planters Honey Roasted peanuts have always been one of my favorite nuts to snack on because they're sweet and crunchy but it was going to be on my list to avoid until I read the nutrition facts label.I knew that nuts were full of fats and one 1oz serving of this contains 12g of fat but only 1.5g of that is the bad saturated type. And I was very surprised to see that it also only contained 115mg of sodium, just 5% RDA. So I bought a can of this and have a 1oz serving a few times a week!
My husband loves Planters cocktail nuts.  He can tell the difference, and these are his afternoon snack most days.  Using a coupon savings from the Grocery section plus super saver shipping, Amazon recently ran these so that the net cost per can was $2.25.  This is very competitive with stores plus you have the convenience of having them delivered to your door.
Planters dates back more than one hundred years ago to 1906, when Italian immigrant Amedeo Obici formed the company in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. The company, and its emblem Mr. Peanut, have been a widely recognized and widely respected part of the American scene.Planters' peanuts have a tradition of excellence, which the company has been very careful to maintain. When you open a bottle of Planters' Dry Roasted Peanuts, you know they are going to be good. My favorite peanuts have always been Planters' peanuts, and they no doubt will remain so for a long time to come! I highly recommend these peanuts!
Excellent taste with no salt added. Freshness date over 18 months from today's date. The peanuts are easy to eat and do not hurt my teeth. They are packed nicely for shipping with no damage. The can says satisfaction guaranteed. Looks top quality to me. I subscribed to four of Planters nut products so far and I am tickled to death with their very good quality products. No regrets here.
We found a  better price on sale at a  local grocery and purchased two cans. The nuts are described as whole and pieces, however we think there are far more pieces that whole. The nuts did taste fresh and were only slightly salted. Would purchase again.`
I have nothing but praise for these Planters Nuts.As usual they are fresh and perfectly packaged for cooking  ,baking , or just eating.I usually get a larger sized portioned bag---but you know this smaller sized one worked great. My husband took several out for eating to work and the smaller size just made everything handier.It would be nice I guess to find one thing to complain about---but with Planters Nuts ---I just haven't been able to find anything wrong !!I love 'em.
These Planters "Cashew Halves and Pieces, Lightly Salted" made great snack food when trying to watch sugar and other carbs. We have several diabetics in our family so need to have snacks other than cookies and candies around the Holidays. We placed these cashews out for our Christmas party and they were the only bowls to be completely empty at the end of the night.Highly Recommended!CFH
Huge halves and pieces of top-quality cashews. Really delicious. And they're good for you! Amazon's price is much better than the price at the supermarket. I love having a few cans of these on hand. A genuine treat.
Nuts are pantry staples and pistachios in the shell are an all around favorite here. Our brand of choice hadn't changed in years until I found a three pack of Planters Sea Salt and Pepper Pistachios on sale at a price too low to pass up.My other half opened the first bag. He cracked and ate a few before saying that he didn't understand "messing with a good thing." He was not at all impressed and said he'd prefer I stick with our tried and true, lightly salted brand regardless of future sales. A day or two later I saw the bag of salt and black pepper pistachios had moved to his desk and noted that it was more than half empty.I was not surprised. Even though I had had a first reaction similar to his, I learned that these little peppered nuts could become addicting when I almost finished off a whole bag in one sitting. It's the pepper component. It kept drawing me back until my lips became numb.Going forward, as long as the price is comparable, I'm going to alternate these peppered pistachios with our normal, plain brand to (don't say it!) spice things up a bit :)
If you're looking for cashews to put out at a formal setting or any special occasion,whole cashewsare the way to go; but for casual eating, the added cost is unnecessary. Halves and pieces taste equally as good - I even had a few whole cashews that made their way into my can.My Amazon order arrived as a fresh, sealed can, packed with flavor. It didn't take too many days to finish these off, but that doesn't mean this one pound and a sixty-fourth can doesn't contain plenty of cashews...it just means I have difficulty putting these down, once I start in on them. They're delicious!
My grandmother always had cashews in pretty glass containers in her living room. She loved cashews and lived to her late 80's eating them. I grew up on them. Now that we know that nuts are a healthy source of protein, they are a fairly non-guilty snack. Planters is a quality brand. This is our usual go-to brand when we want cashews. If you can eat about 1/8 cup at a time, they shouldn't destroy your diet.
I purchased these to use with various recipes that use small quantities of slivered almonds.  The small 2-oz packages allow me to use just what I need, keeping the rest fresh for future use.  My favorite recipe is a quinoa salad using dried apricots, golden raisins, slivered almonds, and a little green onion, with a lime-mirin-oil-spices dressing.  YUM!  The 12 packs will last awhile, too.  Very happy with this purchase.
Planter's is our &#34;go to&#34; brand for nuts.  These do not disappoint. I bought the whole cashews for the holidays.  I think they look classier than the pieces. Lol.
I purchased a 12 pack of Planters Walnuts about 4 months ago through Amazon's grocery section.  While I have not used all 12 packages yet, I did open a package this week and they were as fresh tasting as the first package.  They are good until 2010, so I have no worries about using them before they expire.I love adding walnuts to my brownies.  I don't just toss in a few walnuts, though.  I add an entire bag to my brownie mix.  Then, I meltGhirardelli Chocolate Milk Chocolate Baking Chipsand mix in approximately 1/2 a bag of the walnuts.  After I have mixed them together, I put the chocolate covered walnuts on a cookie sheet lined with wax paper, and into the freezer for 10 minutes.  As soon as the brownies are out of the oven, I top them with the chocolate covered walnuts.  If you like walnut brownies, try my version.If you really like to bake walnut brownies, make sure you try theBaker's Edge Nonstick Edge Brownie Pan.  I was hesistant to spend money on a "brownie" pan, but it is worth every penny, and you can use it for much more than just brownies!  In fact, if you need a gift for someone, I suggest baking them brownies in theBaker's Edge Nonstick Edge Brownie Pan, and telling them the pan is theirs to keep.
These are delish. I bought these during the current promo - such a deal! At first I thought the smaller pkgs were wasteful, bu then realized they were nice because you dont waste any as you may with the larger containers.
I think Splenda is great, but I grew up with artificial sweeteners and a true test to how great this product is, is to let a sugar addict try it.  My husband happens to be one, and he cannot tell the difference between Splenda and sugar in his tea! As with other artificial sweeteners, you get an unpleasant after taste--with the Splenda there is none! You can use this to cook with too! It's a wonderful low fat alternative to sugar.
At one time in my life I used the sweetener in the little blue packet, then switched to the pink packet, but NOW "they" tell me the yellow packet containing SPLENDA is the healthiest.Since diabetes runs in my family, I don't want to risk getting that disease or gaining too much weight, so I hope "they" are right in promoting this product.I've been using it for about a year ... mostly on certain brands of cereal and my hot oatmeal.  It actually enhances the flavor of things I sprinkle it on and actually tastes like it's suppose to: LIKE SUGAR.  And it leaves no artificial aftertaste, which is a big plus with me.  I don't drink coffee and use no sweetener with my hot tea, but it certainly helps to sweeten a big, tall glass of iced-tea on a hot summer day in California.I recommend this above all sweeteners ... until someone else comes along, proving "they" are wrong.  (This seems to happen every other week in the food industry so how are we consumers supposed to know "for sure" the safest things to consume?)
It doesn't matter to us whether we get a different, generic brand from one of our membership clubs or get the brand name of Splenda.  Sucralose is Sucralose and that's what Splenda is (with a bulking agent added).This box of 400 was a great deal, so I nabbed it.As far as the sweetener is concerned, we found that we like this one over aspartame, saccharin, stevia or whatever else is out there.  I only use Splenda to sweeten my hot tea on occasion and my partner uses a packet for her coffee.  It provides a great level of sweetness without the aftertaste.  No aftertaste is the real key for us.Aspartame always gave me a headache, saccharin has a funky aftertaste (I remember drinkingTab Diet Soda 12oz Cans (Pack of 6)which was one of the first diet colas when I was growing up and it had that Sweet and Low aftertaste.)  As far asStevia Sweetener in the Raw 1000 Ct Boxgoes, I just can't seem to get a hang of the strange initial taste and aftertaste.  I don't need something sweetened enough to use Stevia.Given my druthers, I go for honey or raw sugarWholesome Sweeteners Fair Trade Raw Cane Sugar, Individual Packets (Pack of 1000).  But I use extra sweeteners so rarely that keeping one on hand that my partner and guests seem to prefer is the key.  Splenda (or sucralose) fits that bill.At about 2.5 cents a packet, not a bad deal at all for the brand name.  A I mentioned though, I am not partial to any brand of Sucralose ... but Amazon had Splenda at a good price, so I pulled the trigger.
Face it, diabetes is at epidemic proportions.  This allows us to all indulge our sweet tooth without paying the price with the glucometer!  Convenient ordering and delivery, I can send this to my father or buy it myself.
You can't beat the price or convenience of the 700-count box of Splenda No-Calorie Sweetener.I finally got tired of running out, so I got the giant economy size. It seems like it's lasting forever.No need to write poetry about the product -- it's a sugar substitute that I'd use anyway. But the size of this package is ideal if you're looking for savings and convenience.
I like using Splenda.  I drink a lot of tea and sweeten it with Splenda.  To me, it tastes better than Equal or Sweet & Low.  This box of Splenda gives a lot of product and it lasts for a long time.
Great product and also at a good price. I use it alot and I like it. Maybe you will like it also.
I really like the Splenda packets.  For the past 6 years or so, I've been using about 10 packets a day to sweeten my black tea.  I've never liked Equal or Sweet 'n' Low, so Splenda is the only "no calorie" sweetener I use.Interesting to note, one day I ran out of packets, and to substitute, I tried using the Splenda granular that's intended for baking.  No such luck.  I was pouring the stuff into my tea mug, and it still didn't seem sweet.  Huh.  So, I've stuck with the packets.  (I never did end up baking anything with the boxed Splenda.)
I love the packets of Splenda as they are portable and easy to use. In the morning I use a couple packets in my tea and on my cereal. No spoons to dirty as you can open up a packet and sprinkle on the Splenda.I also like to tuck a few packets in my purse for when I am dining out as Splenda is the best tasting when it comes to sugar substitutes.What I like most about Splenda is how it tastes much like sugar. You can use it in cooking or baking as Splenda does not turn bitter when heat is used.Recommend.
I am used to see either the pink (saccharin) or the blue (aspartame) envelope. One warns about cancer while the other one warns about brain damage. Splenda does not have any of those. Now, the pink and the blue are gone from our work office. First approved for use in Canada in 1991 and later on in the US in 1998.Splenda is multiple times sweeter than the previous sugar substitutes. Unlike saccharin, Splenda does not have a metallic aftertaste.Another advantage is that Splenda is stable under heat and can be used for baking.
This was a considerable savings over store prices for Splenda in our area.  Also, they arrived very shortly after I placed the order!
I use this sweetener in place of sugar because it doesn't have any calories and I don't get that "sugar high" and the feeling of being hungry again after I eat regular sugar. I'd like to give up sweeteners completely but I just can't get used to oatmeal without the added sweetness or some salad dressings that need the intense sweetness without adding another flavor.This doesn't have an aftertaste like some of the other artificial sweeteners do and from everything I've read it seems to be safe. I like the little packets because it's easy to measure just the amount I need. I also like that it's not affected by heat and can be used for cooking and baking. And ordering large boxes is great because they last me for close to a year.
I like using less sugar since I am using Splenda in my coffee most days.  It tastes like sugar but has no calories and it helps control my calorie intake.
I provided some images of what it looks like for those who don't know and might want to try.Quinoa is such an easy thing to prepare.  I haven't tested it in a rice cooker and am not sure if you can but it's easy enough in a sauce pan.  2 cups of water and 1 cup of quinoa.  I'm not sure if you need to bring the water to a bowl first then add the quinoa, or if you can add all, bring to a boil, reduce heat and let it cook at medium heat...but it doesn't seem to matter as I have done it both ways.  The "all in one" shot is the easiest of course ;).  Seem pretty easy right?  Bring to a boil, let it cook at medium heat for 12 minutes, and then let it sit after you fluff it.To me, this has a texture that is firmer than rice, even for the folks who like their rice dry or firm.  It could just be that these grains are small and round and so give the impression of being firmer, but nonetheless, it's perfectly fine with me.  And if you are familiar, again in my own opinion, it has a texture that I can best describe as closest to caviar (this coming from a current vegan who has experienced being a carnivore previously in my younger years).  It also has pleasant a nutty flavor.A very healthy alternative to rice or as an addition and supplement to a healthy eating lifestyle.
I was hooked on quinoa a couple of years ago, then migrated to the Lundberg brown rice blends for a change and stayed with them.  Someone gave me a bag of quinoa at Christmas and after preparing it I became hooked on it again.  I discovered that quinoa has twice the protein and fiber than the whole grain rice blends for around the same calories.  Also quinoa cooks in fifteen minutes as opposed to fifty minutes for the rice blends, making it a better option for the summer months.  I tried the microwave directions on the bag, attempting to cut down on electricity use and to lessen the heat in the kitchen, but it did not turn out as good as pot-prepared.  In conclusion - I'm currently doing both quinoa and rice blends, one batch of each per week, and the variety keeps things interesting.
It's no wonder the Incas ate quinoa!  It's a powerhouse of healthy vitamins & minerals, high in fiber, tastes good and cooks up much faster than rice.  I am glad to keep this in stock in my kitchen, especially since it is gluten free.Since first reviewing this product I've seen more press on this amazing grain.  It is being touted as a superfood and rightly so.  I recommend keeping opened bags of quinoa in the refrigerator.  I had learned the grain contains oils, thus you want to be sure to keep the product chilled to be sure it doesn't become spoiled.  Enjoy this delicious and healthy grain in soups, salads, under chicken or seafood.  There are so many great uses to incorporate quinoa into a balanced diet.
Thankfully, this is prerinsed because the quinoa was too small for my strainer.  I steamed the quinoa the same way I steam rice i.e. in a pyrex bowl with boiling water covering it.  It was ready in no time.  It tasted fine until I added some salt and a spoonful of olive oil.  Even without other fixings, this product tasted fantastic.  It is definitely suitable as a rice substitute.  I had been eating steamed oatmeal for a week and gotten sick of it so this quinoa has turned out to be a great purchase.It took me a long time to purchase quinoa although I had seen it prepared many times on cooking shows because I couldn't tell quinoa from bulgur and couscous.  I will probably not bother with couscous because it is a wheat and is less nutritious than quinoa. I am trying to be efficient in preparing nutritious meals more than I am trying to expand my horizons. I am also trying to not aggravate diabetic potential.
Quinoa has longevity if nothing else, it has pedigree and is recognized as a superior source of nourishment. Popular in Peru used to be the food of choice for the less privileged. Why? Because grains and potatoes where everywhere in large amounts and the poor could always eat that.Quinoa in America, on the other hand, has taken a lot more classy reputation and very well deserved, may I add. First thing to consider: It is unique and has a long history. Extremely regional grain. Second thing to consider: How really really good is for the human body (google it, yahoo it, very high standards as a food choice). Bob's Red Mill Organic Whole Grain Quinoa is top of the line Quinoa. Washed over and over so it looses a possible bitter aspect and turns the Quinoa as a wonderful resource and should I include: Tasty? Yes, very tasty and here goes my personal best (to put my money where my mouth is), this is a sure proof way to enjoy a plate of Quinoa.I cup Bob's Red Mill Organic Whole Grain Quinoa/2 1/2 - 3 Cups of Delicious Vegetable or Chicken Broth (never Beef!)/Cook at medium heat until Quinoa is fully cooked and most liquid is absorbed (please note that sometimes Quinoa becomes thirsty and needs additional liquid, specially a higher temperatures)/Planters Peanuts (4 Oz or as much as you want and may be any other nut for that matter, but peanut is Yummy!)grinded to a fine powder-set aside/Dice in fine pieces an onion (small, large, who's counting?) and Heat some Olive/Canola/Vegetable, etc Oil on a large frying pan/Add Fresh Garlic-Crushed Pepper (the better the pepper the better the taste!)Sea or Regular Salt (See? I am not picky!) at this point your most trusted herbs and spices can go into the mix/Add the Peanut powder on the mix and then add the Quinoa fully cooked and mix it all together/Last but certainly not least Add Curry Hot or Mild, I don't care, about 2 teaspoons-more or less, do not let this part stop you-and at the end make sure you add a little more liquid so the whole thing looks and tastes like it should.Curry, Peanuts, Quinoa! Oh Boy, do they get along well. 5 Stars for this food from the Inkas To The Tables! PS: Since I already got into it please note that the curry powder is dissolved at the start together with the broth! It surely does not go at the end when everything is fully cooked, thank you for your understanding on this matter!
If you tried quinoa because you heard it was delicious, and high in protein and iron, but found that it tasted terrible or was hard to prepare, try Bob's Red Mill.  It will cost a little more than the bulk quinoa in your coop, but is pre-washed, so it won't taste bitter (if not rinsed adequately) or make a mess of your kitchen (because it's hard to rinse the little grains and cook them without some ending up in the drain, and some missing the pot).  Four bags may seem like a lot to buy at once, but when you realize how versatile it is you will be ordering via Subscribe and Save.  You'll see!
Quinoa is a nutritionally complete grain -- unlike most other grains -- it has all of the essential amino acids.  It cooks up like something between cous cous and rice taking on the flavor of the cooking liquid.  Basically, this is an ancient grain who's time for a comeback has arrived.  I haven't run any through my grain mill yet but that's coming soon so I can make bread (with a hard red winter wheat mixture).
I recently have been eating Quinoa because of the health benefits, and my local stores only carry very small flavored packages.  I searched on Amazon and found this Bob's Red Mill Organic Grain Quinoa and it comes in a box of 4!  I loved being able to stock up this way.  The product is high quality.
Quinoa has a nutty flavor when cooked that goes with any dish just like rice does. There is virtually no prep time involved in this quick side dish and is one of the only sources of complete protein found on the planet. Wonderful to cook, eat and serve. Often described as a mix between couscous and rice. Enjoy!
I am so happy that I ordered this quinoa from Bob's!  There are never any surprises, like grit, stones, etc., and it cooks up fluffy and delicious.  I ahve tried other brands, but I will stick with a proven winner.
Quinoa is a delicious and more nutritional version of rice and cooks very easily. It is probably the most nutritional grain because of it high protein (12-18%), fiber, phosphorus, iron and magnesium content. The protein in Quinoa is complete with all amino acids (unlike rice which lacks in lysine) which makes it an excellent grain for vegetarians.I cooked Bob's Red Mill Organic Whole Grain Quinoa just like rice and it was ready in 20 minutes. You have to rinse it well otherwise the grains are sticky. Soaking in water before cooking, like rice, also helps. It can be used in a variety of ways just-hot with meals and cold with salad - like rice. It is very sumptuous, filling and has somewhat nutty flavor.For people who do not like the flavor, it can be mixed with rice 30/70 or 40/60 and Quinoa flavor is masked by rice. The biggest downside to Quinoa is that it does not store well: I found fungus in air tight container after 6 months and bugs in a container that was not air tight.
This is a great fresh tasting tomato soup, which makes this  a little on the sweet side. Taste like you just made it from fresh tomatoes.Nothing like campbells.  My husband had to add salt to his.
Delightful mild flavor, wonderful with a sandwich on a cool day. This is a really basic food and I love having a couple dozen cans in the pantry. Better than money in the bank.
This soup is delicious, and, if this is important to you, appears to be free of animal products.  Put a can in your lunchbag with a heel of bread, and if there's a microwave (and a can opener) at your workplace, you're set.
Wolfgang Puck Organic Chicken with Egg Noodles Soup is down-home delicious to me!  This soup features an almost clear broth with white chicken meat, egg noodles and carrots.  You can pour the can into a bowl and microwave it for two minutes and it's ready to eat!Maybe I'm just a pretentious snob, but I really like Wolfgang Puck soup better than Campbells.  And frankly, I'd rather not eat than eat soup that I have to add a can of water to.This is not a heavy soup, but a nice, light one.  It has just enough noodles for me.  This is the first thing I feel like eating when I'm recovering from the flu!
This soup is fantastic! It's very flavorful and rich, and is very satisfying for few calories.  I'm going to order another case :)
Wolfgang Puck Organic Creamy Tomato Soup, 14.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)Recently I've conducted a taste test of all the "better than Campbell's" tomato soups and this is head and shoulders above the rest.  You can buy cheaper, but you can't buy better tasting soup.  Rich and creamy with enough butter to blend and mellow the flavors.  This is soup like you wish Mom made.  What's best is it is ready to eat right out of the can.  No mixing, nothing to add--just heat and eat.Puck's recipe is simple--a few organic ingredients and fresh Roma tomatoes.Try it with a grilled cheese sandwich (use extra sharp cheddar and add sliced sweet pickles).  A meal to die for!
These are different from your average packaged bar. Each individual package contains two thin, crunchy bars as opposed to the standard one sticky, chewy bar.They have a great nutty taste, and are not too sweet. Perfect with a cup of tea, and one is enough... which is good, because it makes for a satisfying yet not-fattening snack.HOWEVER, to call them "high-fiber" is beyond misleading. Each individual bar contains 1 (ONE) gram of fiber.
Making oat bars is apparently a pretty hard thing to get right. Over the years I have tried a lot of different brands and they are often too dry, tasteless, or just plain bad tasting. But this is one good tasting whole grain (very nice that they use whole grain) oats bar.While you probably want to have some liquid available when you eat these they are not too dry. The taste is wholesome and flavorable. And they are not too sweet at all, just perfect for me, more of a hint of sweetness. Pretty good value as well, recommended.
Everyone in my family enjoys these delicious Granola bars.  They are crunchy and yummy.  I like mine with coffee.  They are also great for snacks, while hiking or out and about.My kids love them as a quick breakfast before school.  Maybe not the healthiest breakfast, but better than none at all.  There are few things you can keep on hand that everyone will eat, this seems to be one.Quality is good and price is reasonable.  Thumbs up!
I have loved Nature Valley Crunchy granola bars for many years. They taste great and are perfect for when hunger stricks and the next meal is still a couple hours away.They satisfy hunger and get you some of the fiber you need each day. I love the texture and the large whole oats.A great granola bar!
These Nature Valley "Crunchy Granola Bars, Oats 'n Honey" are a tasty mid-afternoon snack and are filling enough to hold me over until dinner. These are, as the name suggests, very crunchy and can be a little messy (crumbs) when eating. Since these are somewhat dry, they also travel well in the heat or in a pocket.My kids will eat these in place of candy, which is another plus, but these are too hard for my wife who has sensitive teeth.Highly Recommended! We also likeNature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars, Peanut Butter, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)CFH
I don't like granola, I really dislike granola bars, and my family LOVES these.  Unlike other bars, they are crispy instead of soft and gooey, so they are more like a crunchy cookie.  The honey flavor comes through, which is something I like.  A package containing two bars is 180 calories, with about 6 grams of fat and over 20 grams of carbs - - so, not health food, but very good as an occasional treat.
These granola bars are sooooo good! I eat them regularly as a quick breakfast and snack on them pretty frequently. Very tasty and reasonably healthy. And buying them in bulk from Amazon is very convenient. I wish I could have a neverending supply of these. I don't think I'll ever get tired of them. Highly recommended!!
These are very tasty, very crunchy and very convenient.My husband takes them to work so he isn't tempted to eat junk food.Quick and easy to grab when you crave a snack.  Just sweet enough to satisfy.
Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars, Oats 'n Honey have a flavor like a tasty oatmeal cookie. I really like them and they are good for you too. I suppose you could make these morsles but who has time. I highly recommend these for the fiber and nutritional value.Chow down!
These granola bars are the best.  My three kids love them and that's enough for me!  The 2 bars in each package are enough to satisfy them after school or after playing in a game.  Not too sweet and they're easy to break apart to eat.
For years, my early-teen son and I have enjoyed theseNature Valley Crunchy Granola Barsin the Maple Brown Sugar flavor, so we were pleased to find them for sale here. They've been a favorite for both of us for years... we call them our crunchy oatmeal, as the main ingredient is whole grain rolled oats.Each pack in the box has two slim bars that total 180 calories and total carbs of 29g, so they've not only been a decent candy bar alternative, but a good snack while cycling or walking. The crunchy bars are not too sweet, have a nice maple brown sugar flavor, and are well wrapped and sealed for carrying in all types of weather.Another variety that we enjoy are theNature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Barsin the Fruit & Nut flavor. These are nicely chewy, with a nice oat flavor, and can be gentler on the mouth the crunchier varieties. If you're counting carbs and calories, these are listed as having total carbohydrates of 25g and 140 calories. For our purposes, they're ideal for our frequent cycling activities.Either type of these granola bars is just filling enough to satisfy mild food cravings, and they're decent between meal snacks for kids or fairly active adults. Some say that teenagers and adults rarely concur on many things, but in our agreed opinion, these are a pretty even match in overall enjoyment. In our case, we usually get both.But crunchy or chewy, either is a good snack choice.
An immediate benefit is that there are 2 bars, each about one-quarter inch think or so, instead of one big thick one.  The consistency is that they are crunchy, but break apart easily.  They are NOT those hard fiber-board bars that make you feel like you are breaking your teeth.  They kind of remind you of a graham cracker pie crust in taste, but with honey and oats.  They are quite tasty, just sweet enough (without being sickening sweet), and they seem to be somewhat filling, enough for a mid-afternoon snack, especially with some water or tea.  So, we have tasty, easy to chew, filling.180 calories in a 2-bar, individually wrapped 1.5 oz. package, the label says the package contains 16g whole grain (of the recommended daily 48g), also contains 6g total fat, 160 mg sodium, 29 g carbs, 4 g protein, 11g sugars, 6% iron, and measures as 2 carbohydrate choices. (I believe that's for a special type diet program).  Sounds like it is relatively healthyIngredients, listed in the following order:  whole grain rolled oats, sugar, canola oil, crisp rice with soy protein (rice flour, soy protein concentrate, sugar, malt, salt), honey, salt, soy lecithin, baking soda, natural flavor, peanut flour, almond flour, pecan flour.  Contains soy, peanut, almond, and pecan ingredients (for those with allergies.)Update 3/28/10:  Another good thing about these-- I kept a big box of these in the car for a couple of months for anytime I am on the road and need a snack.  Through the temperature changes, they stayed in tact.  Unlike chocolate covered bars, there was nothing to melt.  (I keep these bars and some special tea bags in the car for wherever I am.)
Here is the important information on the product page:Safety InformationContains soy, peanut, almond, hazelnut, walnut and pecan ingredients.IngredientsWhole Grain Rolled Oats, Sugar, Canola Oil, Crisp Rice With Soy Protein (Rice Flour, Soy Protein Concentrate, Sugar, Malt, Salt), Honey, Brown Sugar Syrup, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Salt, Soy Lecithin, Baking Soda, Natural Flavor, Peanut Flour, Almond Flour, Hazelnut Flour, Walnut Flour, Pecan Flour.---Although I am allergic to peanuts and almonds, I ordered the delicious crunch granola bars, oats and honey flavor.  When they arrived in their inviting "100 percent natural, excellent source of whole grain" I could not wait to crunch down on one of these golden delicacies.I quickly discovered that for me these bars are real wheezers.  The taste committee living in my house confiscated them.  The report is that they are 100 percent delicious.
These were just what I expected them to be. A nice crunchy oat bar. Like an oatmeal cookie. Even though I LOVE raisins, dates etc.... there are times when you don't want bits of sticky fruit stuck in your teeth all day!these are great for leaving in the car as they do not melt or get goey, are nice & neat to eat (although they can crumble a bit!) No stains or dirty fingers! Can you tell I have kids LOL!!Anywways..........we like them plain with a glass of milk or better yet crumbled on top of ice cream or yogurt MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmDelish!So IF crunchy granola is what you crave buy these & you will be delighted!As for nutritional data you can click on Amazon's handy link by the product, but these are NOT for people on a Low carb/Low glycemic diet, unless they are taking a little "sabbatical"! LOL :)
These granola bars are the best! Where do I begin? Nature Valley bars are 100% natural, include no high fructose corn syrup, contain a good source of whole grain, include no trans fat, and total caloric and carbohydrate intake are relatively low. These bars are perfect for breakfast or can be consumed as a snack. I'm a health nut and I approve these bars without question [and I'm pretty picky about all the information I have posted above)!!The only minus (if anything) is that the bars are quite crunchy/hard; therefore, if you are one with sensitive teeth, you might want to break down the bars into bite size pieces or soak the bars in yogurt or milk [if necessary]. But, do yourself a favor and try Nature Valley crunchy granola bars!!
A great taste and a great granola bar, that is if you like hard granola bars.  If you only like chewy this isn't for you.  Overall, a very good product. The bars can get a little crumbly, which can be a problem if you like to eat granola bars on the go like I do.
I have been a fan of Nature Valley granola bars for years.  They come in many varieties.  My favorites lately have been the Pecan Crunch and Peanut Butter bars.  So, I was pleased to learn that Amazon now offers the bars in their many different types.Certainly, Oats and Honey are a classic combination. Oats go way back. Samuel Johnson included a definition of oats in his 1755 Dictionary of the English Language.  I have adapted liberally from his definition for my title.  Actually, Samuel Johnson said: "Oats: A grain, which in England is generally given to horses, but in Scotland appears to support the people."  Little did he know that two and a half centuries later, England's colonial offspring would enthusiastically endorse oats as a food for people.Earlier this month, I spent a week skiing in Colorado at Vail, The ticket counters were equipped with baskets of the Oats and Honey bars provided free of charge.  It was a nice gesture considering the almost $100 daily ticket price.  The granola bars pack nearly 100 calories for a single bar, and obviously double that for a two-bar pack.I took the Oats bars with me skiing, but I also depend on them for hiking.  An extra 200 calories is what you may need to give you enough energy to get up the last 200 feet to a mountain summit.  The taste is good.  They do not melt.  If you get tired of the Oats, there is always a choice: Pecan, Almond, or Peanut Butter, to provide variety.PS: Despite an assertion that the Oats and Honey bars contain high fructose corn syrup, it is not on the list of ingredients for my bars
You don't expect healthy food to be addictive, you certainly don't expect to consider making a special run to the grocery store for granola bars... but these granola bars will do it to you.Now sure I love my chocolate chip granola bars as much as the next person, but one day someone handed me one of these and I've been sold ever since.  I don't know why... maybe the toasty oats and grains, or the honey or maybe its just the fun crunchyness of it all.  All I know is that after eating one, I thank whoever decided to put two in a packet for their genius.  I can easily sit and eat an entire box of these while watching a movie.  If you're trying to be healthy remember - all things in moderation, even these granola bars.The only negative I can see is that with them being so firm and crunchy, there WILL be crumbs, and if you are eating them on the road (replacing breakfast while driving to work) you will need to brush yourself off before striding into the office.PS- The Brown Sugar ones are AWESOME
I've been eating these NV Granola Bars since I was but a lad, munching away on them with orange slices at soccer games.  They're timeless, and a sweet treat.  Yes, they're probably not too healthy considering they have a fair bit of sugar.  But in this economic climate, they're cheaper than say a Clif bar, and no less tasty.I rarely eat these bars plain- usually I break it up into my plain yogurt with fresh fruits, or into my cereal. 5 thumbs up for a nice snack.
I discovered this bar quite by accident in the vending machine at work. Since it was a new addition, I knew it would be fresh (our machine vendor sometimes forgets packages have expiration dates!), and I gave it a whirl. I am not a fan of chocolate, or even sweets - but there are a few exceptions. I LOVE marzipan - so anything sweet with almonds is something I'm willing to try once. I will be having these again, let me tell you. These are thin and crunchy bars - and unlike many granola bars I've had over the years, it isn't overly flaky (ie, you are not wearing more of it than you eat of it) and it's neither bland or overly sweet... it's just right - and it tastes very fresh. I've had some other brands in which the texture is off-putting, or even though it's sealed and the date is current - there is something akin to a 'dusty' aftertaste. Not with this brand and flavor. I wouldn't say this is quite as awesome as marzipan, but for a granola bar, I've got to say it's the best one I've ever had in my life. Nature Valley - you have a new customer!
I am normally not a great fan of such bars, because despite all the healthy ingredients they contain hydrogentated corn syrup.  Horray,this product contains no such awful ingredient.  And they are very delicious. Crunchy oat with a lovely honey taste - not overtly sweet - just right.  there are two servings per packet totalling 180 calories.  This is a great little snack and quite filling.  Although it is very moorish- so you have better have great self-control!PS: we now order it on a regular basis, which does make it cheaper by at least $1 savings per box.
These granola bars are one of my favorite things to grab on the go when I am rushing around and don't have time for breakfast before work.  The reason I say "one of my favorite" and not "my favorite" is because they take a backseat the Nature Valley's other flavor of crunchy granola bars,Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars, Peanut Butter, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)The Oats n' Honey variety takes a very close second and I actually prefer the Oats n' Honey variety in certain situations.  Particularly when I am taking the granola bars in my purse for the day or to the beach on a hot day because the Peanut Butter variety gets gooey and melty (not good for sandy hands or a quick snack between appointments without a wet towel or sink nearby).Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars have been a go-to snack for years in my family (ate them all the time growing up) and still remain a favorite.  I am sure that some may find them too crunchy/hard but I prefer the texture and crunch over other brands.Final note, these came shipped from Amazon in perfect condition.  I was unsure as my delivery guy loves to play "kick the box" but the granola bars held up just as nicely as they do in a brick and mortar.
its natures valley, come on its been around for awhile and still a good product. can't go wrong here.
I normally don't care for these healthy granola-type bars, but this one is really good.  It has enough fruit in it to keep it from being like sawdust, and is actually a bit chewy and sweet without being overwhelming.  I would buy this again.
This bar is better than I thought it would be. When I saw that they put cranberries in it, I thought the cranberry taste would be a little bit too much. However, they put the right amount in it to make it perfect. This has everything you may expect in a trail bar. I can eat this as a breakfast snack or at any other meal time.
Everyone has tried a snack bar before. These trail mix bars are different from the usual. I was worried that they might be too sweet. They are not too sweet. I enjoyed them and would buy them again.
I was pleasantly surprised by these bars.They taste wonderful.As satisfying as a candybar, but without the quilt.They are sweet, chewy, nutty and very satisfying.Hubby liked them too.
I love these trail mix bars.  They are chewy, sweet and flavorful.  They taste a bit like a very chewy, very sweet Rice Krispie / oat bar.  The amount of almonds (nice that they are whole) was a bit sparse and the cranberries are sort of ground up - not so much like actual trail mix.  The amount of goodies in the bar does not really match the picture on the box, which shows many more almonds, cranberries and raisins than I actually found to be in the product (based on my eating 3 bars out of the package so far).  The bars are convenient to take "on the go".However, in my opinion, this product is masquerading as a "healthy" trail mix bar and should be considered more like a cookie or candy bar.  It has 14 grams of sugars per bar, which is 40% by weight, as another reviewer pointed out, and it is SWEET.  It also only has 1 gram of fiber per bar, so it is not so healthy in that respect.  That said, I still rate the NV Chewy Trail Mix Bars as 5 stars for the good taste, but I personally would choose a healthier product (with less sugar and higher fiber) for everyday eating or if I were actually bringing this on a hiking trip.The product I received has a slightly different list of ingredients than listed on the Amazon site at this time and has likely been reformulated to avoid the use of high fructose corn syrup, which has been under scrutiny lately.  This product contains high maltose corn syrup instead.List of ingredients from the box I received:Whole Grain Oats, High Maltose Corn Syrup, Crisp Rice (Rice Flour, Sugar, Malt Extract, Salt), Sugar, Raisins, Almonds, Honey, Roasted Peanuts, Fructose, Sunflower Seed, Canola Oil.  Contains 2% or less of: Cranberries, Rice, Maltodextrin, Soy Lecithin, Salt, Natural Flavor, Baking Soda.  Mixed Tocopherols added to retain freshness.
Do you like mixed nuts? You'll love this bar. I have always liked Nature valeey trail mix bars. This one is no exception. Nice taste of raisins and nuts mixed with a chewy trail mix bar. I take them with me during my bike rides. A bottle of gatorade and two of these bars keeps me going.
I've got a fruit and nut jones, I've got a fruit and nut jones, oh baby, ooh ooh ooh.So I couldn't wait to try these!  When they arrived, I ripped the box open, pulled out a bar and got myself good and cozy.  I slowly started peeling the wrapper open and wondered what I'd gotten myself into.  It looked pretty sticky, and maybe a little bit hard, and I was a little afraid it might mess up my dental work.  But it was so tempting!  I bit gently into it and it was sort of like a Rice Krispies treat, then the oats kicked in, and I got some chewing going on.  Then, ooh, I tasted raisin - just like a chewy cookie, but the next thing I knew I got a little almond crunch going on, and my teeth were fine, and everything was just groovy.  Mmm, I thought, then I got a bit of cranberry; now this was getting a little intense.  No turning back now, take another bite and oh, yum, it went all peanut-y on me and I was in love.  Then suddenly it was over.  The bar was gone.  I'd eaten it all!  And I wanted more.  Yeah, I want more.
The are great granola bars. I've bought them for a long time and continue to love them. The almonds in them are a great touch, and they're sweetened by dried cranberries. There's also enough there to make it filling for a small snack.Consistency-wise, they are a bit sticky. I usually hold them with the wrapper when I eat them. They are definitely chewy (especially as compare to the Nature Valley crunchy granola bars, which are really, really crunchy), but because of all the nuts and crispy things, they're still a bit crispy. I like the consistency and have no prob with it as others have said they do. I also don't find them too crazy sweet (I tend not to like super-sweet things). The nuts and slight bitterness of the cranberries balance it all out for me.Again, I've always loved these granola bars. Give them a try.
These trail mix bars were fantastic. The flavor is rich, the texture is soft, chewy, and moist. AND they're good for you! Wow!
These are just what they claim to be; trail mix in a chewy bar.  They taste just like trail mix but with a honey overtone.  A bit chewy, not too sweet, very good overall.
I like oats, so theseNature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bars)are a great alternative to a candy bar when cycling or walking.  They're listed as having total carbohydrates of 25g and 140 calories, so they're ideal for this type of exercise activity. They're just filling enough to satisfy mild food cravings, and the individual bars are wrapped perfectly for carrying in all types of weather.My early-teen son and I also enjoy theNature Valley Crunchy Granola Barsin the Maple Brown Sugar flavor, which have been a favorite. Would have to say that in our agreed opinion, these are a pretty even match in overall enjoyment.Nicely chewy, these are gentler on the mouth then some of the crunchier varieties from Nature Valley. Simply put, we like.
In 1975, Nature Valley brought out their granola bars &#8211; not too tasty, but handy, just right for hikers, bikers, and families on the go. Now, Nature Valley gives you Chewy Trail Mix bars &#8211; soft and chewy, a delicious mix of grains (including oats and rice), fruits (including raisins and cranberries), and nuts (including almonds, peanuts and sunflower seeds).These bars are great! Each bar contains 140 calories (35 calories from fat) and 25g of carbohydrates, which makes it a pretty good snack &#8211; certainly much better than your standard candy bar. I like the way that these bars taste &#8211; fruits and nuts, plus the whole grains. It&#8217;s like a cross between and cookie and a cupcake. Yeah, this is a great snack, better than a candy bar, and better for you. My family and I highly recommend this great snack!
I am a big fan of the Nature Valley granola bars so I was anxious to try these.  I have to say I have a new favorite!  The granola bars are very hard and brittle, I end of with little bits all over me when I finish one.  With the chewy trail mix this isn't a problem and the flavor of the fruit and nuts is great.  I will be buying these from now on for that quick snack on the run.
I always keep a box of these bars in my refrigerator.If I had never seen the Fruit and Nut bars before, one look at the label would tell me that they are not particularly healthful.  The ingredients include corn syrup, honey, and sugar listed twice.  In fact, there are 14 grams of sugar in every 34 gram bar.  That is forty percent!  Although the label does claim all natural ingredients, that does not necessarily mean that the contents are all good for you.The sugar seems to be what holds the fruit and nuts together.  The reason that I keep them in the refrigerator is that when the bars get warm, they do not hold their shape.  You do not want to put one in your pocket on a warm day.  They become a sticky blob.So why do I keep a big supply of them around?  I like them.  When cooled, they keep their shape as a crunchy rectangle of nuts and fruit.  Their nutty texture is very nice.  The taste is great, although the sugar does make its presence known.  I do not eat them every day or take them with me to go hiking.  For that, I like the Oats and Honey, Almond, or Peanut Butter varieties of Nature Valley granola bars.  Those varieties have a more reasonable sugar content.  However, I like a Fruit and Nut bar as an occasional treat to go with tea or coffee.  Maybe I am addicted to them.
Boy these are good. Chewy with no stickyness on your fingers this is the right combination for a fruit & nut bar. Holds together well while your eating it while not being too seeet on your toungue. Also seems to have a nice mix ratio of nuts to dried fruit in the bar. What can I say other than these bars are yummy. I gave a few to friends & they agreed with me. While they make a good stack bar you can also pack them with your lunch or use them for dessert. I'm going to be buying some of these after my sample pack of 12 bard runs out.
Nature Valley Chewy Trail Mix Bars are a fruit & nut lover's delight!  I especially like the dates and almonds.  Yummy!  And, the bar is only 140 calories to boot!  The peanuts and cranberrys seem to be lightly included, but the amount of sweetness is just right!  Only 1g of fiber, so it definitely is not a good source for that.  If you want a crewy, delicious bar which can serve as an in-between meal treat and love dates and almonds, you will love these bars, too. Nature Valley states these bars are 100% natural.  I know only that they taste great!
This tastes just like chocolate chip cookie dough.  I don't know how they do it, but they make the Larabars taste exactly like whatever it is.I don't remember if I read it on their website, or if a customer service rep told me, but they said, concerning the chocolate chip cookie dough Larabar, the the peanut butter chocolate chip Larabar, and the chocolate chip brownie Larabar, that they are vegan, but they aren't allowed to print 'vegan' on these three just in case some cross-mixing from milk or other non-vegan products got on these, or something like that.  Anyway, I had never tried these three (until now) because I was under the impression that they were not vegan, but after I was explained how and why they do not print 'vegan' on these, then I decided to try these three.  I decided they were vegan enough for me.  I guess it depends on the vegan to make that decision whether or not they want to try these three, depending on the possible mix-up or cross-up of certain ingredients.  Anyway, I tried these three flavors, and they were really good.Other than that, these Larabars are like the other flavors of Larabars, in the sense that they are healthy, convenient, soy-free, etc.  I love Larabars.  Highly recommended if you like these type of bars.
My son has a severe peanut allergy, but is not allergic to nuts.  So we absolutely love that these are peanut free.  Although the company does make a peanut butter bar, they told me by phone that is it made in a separate factory, so there are no allergy warnings on the bar wrapper.  I love that there is no worry about cross contamination, and I really like that he is allowed to benefit from the good aspects of nuts, without all the chemicals of all those other bars.  I keep these in the fridge to extend their life.
I eat several of the Larabars regularly, many are great meal on the go bars in a pinch (Cherry Pie, Banana Bread, and Carrot Cake are among my favorites).  The ingredient lists on Larabars are rather refreshing.  Mostly organic, not filled with tons of chemicals and additives.The chocolate chip brownie has a few more ingredients than most Larabars, but it's still a short list: dates, vegan chocolate chips, almonds, walnuts, cocoa powder, sea salt.  They have 9g fat and 200 calories, so they are right in the middle of the Larabar range.I got these directly from Amazon.com after they offered a coupon.
No...I didn't think so!  These, as all her other flavors I've tried, are excellent.Wheat free, moist, carrotty (yes...they deserve a new word for carrot!) A greateasy breakfast or mid-day snack.  Well spiced too, as close to carrot cake asyou're going to get without baking one!
Larabar food bars are a pleasant surprise, healthy and tasty.  The Cherry Pie bar is a pleasing combination of dates, almonds and unsweetened cherries in a compact package weighing less than two ounces but guaranteed to put a little gas back in your tank. They are gluten-, dairy- and soy-free, for those who need that; highly recommended.
LARABAR Fruit & Nut Food bars are some of the best healthy snack bars I have ever tried.  While I still love the nut-centric Kind bars and the occasional Quaker chocolate-chip oatmeal bar, I mostly stick with a fantastic LARABAR when I need a healthy, delicious, quick and convenient snack.LARABAR offers many different flavors and I have yet to find one I don't like.  I would say that the names given to the bars are quite accurate descriptions of the flavor only most bars are not so sweet.  So far I have tried the following bars:Apple Pie - 5 starsThis tastes like apple pie with a good amount of spice and lots of nuts.  It tastes better than many apple pies I have had.  I also like the varied consistency.Banana Bread - 5 starsThis is probably my favorite.  It is very delicious.  It tastes just like a decent banana bread and though it is certainly denser than a banana bread, the consistency is not so different.  They should make a banana nut bread too with big chunks of pecans or walnuts.Blueberry Muffin - 4 starsWhile the consistency is a bit monotonous and mushy, the taste is surprisingly blueberry muffin-y, if a bit less sweet than most muffins.Cashew Cookie - 3 starsThis one really needed to be sweeter.  It is too bland for me, but it does taste like a bland cashew cookie with lots of cashews.Cherry Pie - 4 starsThe cherries are very yummy and tart.  I would have preferred it sweeter, but it is one of the more vibrant flavors.Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip - 5 starsThis was my first LARABAR and it is still one of my favorites.  It is the most dessert-y one.  It is so yummy and the chunks of peanuts give it a nice consistency.
These taste graet for a health bar.  Of course, you'll miss all the tasty high fructose corn syrup and sugar, but it's palatable enough.  The main reason I like these bars is that I don't get the allergic itch I get with some other health bars. If you have any food or nut allergies, you know what I'm referring to. So far so good!
I'm always trying different "energy bar" type products. Lately I've been eating the Larabar during my long XC skiing tours. I've got to say that I think these are one of the best tasting bars I've eaten... ever. I love the tangy taste of the cherry and it is also good news to me that it is made with raw ingredients, no added sugar and no saturated fat (cholesterol free).The closest thing I could equate this bar to would be the inside of a fig newton cookie. It's firmer though and has more pronounced cherry flavor. I find it satisfying and I do "feel good" about eating it. I also like Cliff Bars but if I had only these two to choose from, I'd choose the Larabar Cherry Pie. Yum.
Yum, I like Carrot Cake and I like Larabars.  So this was a pretty good mix for me.  Very flavorful and a great meal replacement, this is definitely one of the better bars I've had lately.Carrot Cake didn't really taste like a cake.  Let's be honest here, the Larabars never taste like the baked goods they're titled after.  But they still taste good.  This one had a little bit of carrot flavor, some spices, and pineapple tastes to me.  There were also some crunchy nuts thrown in as well, and they really did a lot for the texture of the bar.  It really was delicious.This bar had more ingredients than the Larabars normally do.  Which honestly isn't bad, because where there are normally four ingredients, there were nine in this bar.  Dates, Almonds, Walnuts, Raisins, Pineapple, unsweetened coconut, carrots, cinnamon, and extra virgin coconut oil.  All great ingredients and healthy.  And it's the first time I've seen a spice used in the bar, and I did enjoy it.  This bar was lighter on calories as well.  190 calories actually.  You still probably don't want to use it as a snack, but it works just fine as a light meal replacement.  There were also 24 grams of sugar in this bar, which is high, but at least it's coming from natural sources.  And from those natural fruits there were even some vitamins in the mix and 3 grams of protein.Very delicious and aside from the high sugar, a great bar for breakfast.  It definitely was satisfying for me.Review by M. Reynard 2012
It has only the good ingredients: dates, cashews, almonds, lemon juice concentrate and natural lemon flavor. It is dense and full of flavor and satisfying, almost like eating something BAD, it's so good. No junk fillers, no bad chemicals, no gluten. It's soft and easy to eat with no crumbs, and it doesn't have any of those bits (like small pieces of coconut) that you're still picking out of your teeth the next day and that you can inhale if not careful.If the strong fresh REAL nuttiness isn't enough, the lemon really zings ya! Delish. I recommend trying these.
Y'know, a 5-lb bag of gummi bears doesn't last nearly as long as you'd think. Especially when you're shoving them into your mouth by the handful. Constantly. Which is very, very bad for you.But you can't stop. You know you can't. So just make it your friend, and buy this disgustingly, embarrassingly large bag of chewy, sweety-soury edible bears. If eating so many of them ends up killing you, at least you'll die happy.
I have always preferred the Haribo Gummi bears to other brands.  This German company was the first to introduce the Gummi Bear to the world, and they are still the best.  Compared to the more Americanized Gummi Bear, Haribo Bears are not as soft or sugary tasting.  5lbs may seem like a lot, but by the time you give some to your friends they are all gone.
Well, my wife couldn't stop laughing or eating the gummi bears.  She says these are the best!When we go to ColdStones for ice cream she will always add them to her cup.  This was a great idea for Valentine's Day or a birthday, too!
A very different taste than American gummies, and totally delicious.  Different texture, too.Available in smaller bags for those who need to try them before buying a family size package.
This 5 lb bag is the best deal for the Haribo gummies.This is the best gummy bears that I know of. No wonder they are the biggest gummy bear manufacturer in the world (based in Germany). It is not too sticky that it glues your teeth. Not too sweet neither. Just the right combination of flavors to taste.Just FYI: 5 oz bag has 3.5 servings, with each serving at 140 calories, 10% carbo, 21g sugar, and 3g of protein. A serving is about 17 pieces of gummies.
I purchased *five pounds* of gummi bears because I've had Haribo gummi bears before and really enjoyed them, plus the price can't be beat (usually just five ounces is two to three dollars, imagine getting five whole pounds for fifteen dollars!).I was very uncertain buying gummi bears online, because I wasn't sure if I would get cruddy old stale gummi bears that endanger your teeth and taste of old wax.That was not the case with me.  I purchased the gummi bears on Jan 27 2009.  I received them on Jan 30 2009.  They were fresh and squishy, and well packaged.  They shipped from Indianapolis and arrived in DC three days later.  Terrific.Too bad you have to buy two bags to get free shipping, now I have 10 pounds of candy lying around!
These don't last long when I order them. Nice and soft, chewy, flavorful. They are perfect for movie time munchies. I'd suggest keeping them in an airtight container after opening, which helps them stay nice and soft for longer.The price here is very fair. If you buy some of the smaller packages in the store, the quality is not as good and the price is so much more expensive! Amazon delivers these lightning fast.The hardest decision to make is what kind of Haribo to buy next...
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I have used this sauce for everything from salads, to stir fry and grilling, and accompanied by both cold and melted cheeses as a chip dip or spread.  Its flavor is very versatile.  Being that I love very spicy foods, my only very minor quibble is that I wished it was a bit spicier (but then again, I can amend the flavor by adding my own chili peppers).  I loved this sauce so much that I purchased theirFischer & Wieser The Ultimate Sauce Gift Pack, 21-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)variety pack, and am now enjoying all their useful sauces too.
Wow, this is good stuff.  It's sweet, but not overly so -- just the way I like it.  It's spicy, but only a little -- just the way I like it.  I tried it on steelhead fish and it was delicious.  I even mixed it up with some oatmeal and that worked great as well.  Next I'll probably just slather it on some crackers, but I'm sure that my lovely wife will soon apply it to a more exotic concoction.  I can't wait.If you're looking for something REALLY sweet, or something REALLY spicy, you should probably move on.  Otherwise, give this sauce a try!
I was able to try this product for free, and I didn't have very high expectations for it.  I thought, "Raspberry and chipotle?  Really?"Let me just say that I had a change in attitude as soon as a tried it.  It starts off with the sweetness of the raspberries and the sugar, and then at the end the peppers kick in with a surprising amount of heat.  I really, really liked that combination.I had it tonight on pancakes and thought that it was fantastic.  The sweet side of it was just like having raspberry jelly on pancakes, but then it finished with a nice touch of spice.  I certainly recommend trying it on pancakes!I expect to be getting more of this in the future.
Except for my wife but she, somehow, stays sweet by consistently refusing to ingest anything sweet and the Chipotle is sweet in a smoked and mildly hot, perfectly balanced smooth way, if that makes any sense.I had the Chipotle tonite on rice, then on cheese, then on some more rice. I am planning to try it out tomorrow with tacos... To make a potentially long story short, the Chipotle goes well with just about anything. I don't know anyone pregnant at this time but I can see how the Chipotle on top of ice cream would be an instant hit.Do I have to formally state that now I'm a believer and an instant fan? Very well, I do and I do.Give it a try.
So far, I've tried this with baked chicken, as a dip for chicken nuggets, with a turkey wrap sandwich (an idea I got from the little pamphlet that came with the sauce), and as a dip for jalapeno poppers.  There doesn't seem to be anything that isn't enhanced by this great sauce!  If you like the combination of sweet and spicy, I highly recommend trying this.  It's a little hot, but not very, so don't let that scare you off if you're unsure about hot sauces.  I'm looking forward to making the roast pork loin and the pecan-crusted trout recipes that were also in the pamphlet.  This is a sauce that makes you want to think up ideas for using it, just so you can eat more of it.  I can easily see it becoming a staple ingredient in my cupboard!UPDATE:  I've made the pork recipe -- best roast pork ever, even without the sauce.  The sauce was especially good for the pork sandwiches the next day.  Haven't tried the trout yet.
Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry flavor Chipotle Sauce is a decadent luxury that stimulates your taste buds as thoroughly as Roman nobility were pampered in their villas and baths during antique times. Only this raspberry chipotle sauce is not as expensive as an Italian villa or bath slaves or 24-hour on-call massage service.The raspberry chipotle sauce has a hint of burnt aromatic woods which make you feel like you are a strong warrior out in the gallic countryside by a bonfire roasting chickens and suckling pigs while on an extensive military campaign to root out bandits and rebellious tribes.With your bottle of Fischer & Wieser, you will feel like a battle-hardened warrior in your dining room who is enjoying a well-deserved luxurious dinner after a long and tough battle-scarred adventure.You deserve the villa, the baths, the massage girls, and the Fischer & Wieser, trust me.
I have never heard of Fischer and Wieser before but I can see why this has been a favorite sauce for people for many years.I love layered flavors and you certainly get this here in a very well-balanced production. You get great berry flavor some sweet, some tart, not too much and then a nice amount of heat. I tried it on chicken and used a fraction of the bottle for a 2-person meal that was simply delicious. The chicken came out flavorful, robust, and all of the different parts of the sauce worked perfectly with it.I also tried what they suggested to pour it over some cream cheese and then serve with crackers: fantastic. It made an ultra-simple to prepare, tasty appetizer that I will use many times in the future. I see they make some other flavors that I now want to try. Bottom line: very high quality you can taste and complex-well balanced flavors.
Ok.. this was not something I'd normally buy so it was fun trying it. Was surprised by the interesting textures and layers in taste. Was not overpowering.. was great with cream cheese and crackers.. was nice experiment roasting chicken with it too. Its versital enough that I'm going to keep in stocked in my chicken.. will make a nice "emergency" sauce for alot of things if we have surprise vistors!
This sauce is tremendous!  Fischer & Wieser makes several sauces.  I've already sampled the Blueberry Chipotle, the Charred Pineapple Bourbon sauce and the Asian Apricot Stir Fry & Dipping Sauce.  The Blueberry and Asian Apricot sauces are very good, as is the Charred Pineapple sauce, although the Charred Pineapple is more of an acquired taste.  This review is on the Roasted Raspberry Chipotle sauce.The taste is a wonderful blend of sweetness and spice.  I would consider it to be of moderate spiciness, it is not mild nor overly hot.I recommend the sauce for serving on crackers and toasted breads.  Several people have mentioned trying it with cream cheese and crackers and it would certainly work there.  I use it more for grilling.  I have marinated steak, chicken and pork roast with the sauce.  I apply the sauce much as you would a barbeque sauce, brushing some on both sides of the meat to sit an hour or so before grilling, and applying a little more (just a few brushstrokes) toward the end of grilling/roasting.A little goes a long way, so a 20 ounce bottle will last for a few uses.  What's inside?  The major ingredients are:* Sugar* Red Raspberries* Jalape&ntilde;os* Apple cider vinegar* Water* Pectin* Chipotle* Garlic* SaltThis stuff is delicious, and although a tad pricy, worth every penny!
I brought this sauce to my daughter and son in law's house.  They are true foodies and the sauce was a big hit.  The chunks of raspberry are impressive!  We are all vegetarians and there is no shortage of ways to enjoy this sauce with non-meat foods.  We made the cream cheese spread recipe printed on the label and it was excellent.
Accept no imitations!  Fischer & Wieser's Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce aka "Razzpotle" delivers an intense raspberry flavor with a real smokey kick that keeps the heat turned up to just the right amount.  Fischer & Wieser have been in the gourmet food business since 1969 and this item is not surprisingly their best seller.  There are no artificial flavors among the ingredients which include three different peppers--chipotle (of course), chili peppers and jalapenos--in addition to those roasted raspberries.It makes an ideal accompaniment with meat, chicken or fish, but I really like it as an upscale snack--drizzled over a soft cheese spread over a good cracker.
I'm a fan of sweet and sour chicken at a Chinese restaurant, but this raspberry chipotle sauce is much more involved than that. The full flavor of raspberries is present, but so is a smoke flavor, and it is well accompanied by a couple of different hot peppers blended in. It is hot enough to satisfy the pepper enthusiast, but mild enough not to overtake the product, and wind up dominating; it has a pleasant bite. You can see from the description that it goes well with a variety of meats, fish, or fowl. It even makes a good salad dressing if you add some balsamic vinegar to thin it down. I can see why this would be someone's favorite.Nothing can describe the flavor better than to read the contents on the jar. Sugar, red raspberries, jalapenos (jalapeno peppers, salt, vinegar, water) Apple cider, vinegar, water, pectin (dextrose, pectin, fumaric acid), chipotle (chili peppers, chipotle peppers, natural flavor, salt, citric acid) Garlic, salt, spices, natural smoke flavor. Oh so they have their secret ingredients in the spices. It is interesting to note that typically ingredients are listed in there order of intensity, therefore the red raspberries are right near the top, and to look at it, it appears to be a liquefied red raspberry jam. Of course they blended everything in just the right proportions. No wonder everyone is raving about it. I don't really have anything negative to say about it. 5 stars, highly recommended.
No, really.  I'm pretty sure that when I arrive at the Pearly Gates, Saint Peter will hand me a bottle of this Razzpotle sauce, as a sort of welcoming gift.  Presuming, of course, that that's where I'll be headed.  The jury's still out on that one.But seriously, as so many people have said, this is a great sauce.  Not too hot, sweet and smoky, nice and tangy.  I have tried it in a cream cheese dip (wonderful!), on turkey wrap sandwiches (fabulous!), and in ground beef for hamburgers (oh, ecstasy!). This sauce is unbelievably good. Try it, your taste buds will hold a party in your honor.
This is probably the most delicious sauce of its type that I've ever tried.  The sweetness of the raspberry is nicely counterbalanced by the tangy taste of the Chipotle peppers.  I've only tried it over cream cheese used a dip with crackers, but it's wonderful.When I first saw the price, I thought it seemed like a rip-off, but the sauce is somewhat hard to find and Amazon offers free shipping, so viewed in that light the price isn't bad in the grand scheme of things.  This is an excellent product!
After reading some of the reviews here, I expected this sauce to be sweeter and more syrupy. Although you definitely taste the raspberries, the peppers and smokey flavor also come through, creating an interesting taste experience.The raspberry chipotle sauce goes well with meats (we tried beef and pork). Just a little sauce adds a lot of flavor. I haven't tried it as a marinade (yet) but I think that it would make a delicious marinade for grilled meats.One of the suggested recipes is to pour the sauce over cream cheese and eat as a dip with crackers. I tried this with bagel chips, and it was great. The cream cheese has a cooling effect on the peppers, without competing with the flavor of the sauce.I enjoyed trying this sauce, and I will be buying additional bottles so I can try new recipes.
When I saw this, it looked like a tomatoe based sauce--which is bad for acid reflux.  Upon tasting it, I thought it was an overly sweet, kinda-addictive tomatoe sauce--kinda addictive.  Finally read the label--a raspberry-based sauce (didn't even know this was possible).  Low fat, low salt, and likely low acid too.  Taste is awesome.Downside--firm needs to provide a recipe book on how to best utilize this aroma filled, tangy sauce.
This is a perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  It has some kick, but not enough heat to make it unpleasant and the raspberry adds the perfect hint of sweetness.The bottle contains a recipe for the use of the sauce on a pork loin.  I tried that with the family and it was a hit.  It wasn't too spicy for my 6 year old, he really liked it.  I also poured some over a block of cream cheese and served it with crackers at a Super Bowl party, everyone (adults and children) really enjoyed it.  My husband has been using it in addition to a mayonnaise on his turkey or chicken sandwiches.  I received one bottle and I still have it, a little goes a long way.It's a versatile sauce and I will be purchasing more for the upcoming BBQ season.Cherise Everhard, March 2009
Yum....that pretty much sums it up...on cream cheese as an appetizer this would be awesome as it has a taste like a pepper jam, but the way that I used it first was by adding 1 part chipotle sauce to 1 part balsamic to dress up a spinach salad with raspberries, blackberries & blueberries.  Delicious!  Next on the got to try is coating a little on top of a chicken breast and grilling it up.  It is just the right sweetness with the smoky hot (but not too hot) taste of chipotle.  A very nice, versatile little bottle to have on hand in the kitchen.  I'll  definitely be using this often in the kitchen to give my dishes a little kick.Definitely would recommend!
There are a zillion sweet & spicy products, but what makes this one special is the chipotles' smokiness. It's strong smoky flavor makes is much sturdier than the average sweet/hot condiment. (It also makes it too strong, in my opinion, for fish.) It's great on chicken & beef, but it really sings on pork, where the smoke is a natural. Also makes a quick and pretty appetizer dumped over goat cheese. The spice has a nice slow burn. I also like that it's a liquid condiment--much of the sweet/spicy stuff is either jelly- or chutney-like, not pourable--or if it is pourable, it's greasy (this isn't). I'm going to try a little blended into brownie batter. I love chipotle powder in brownies, so I think this would add an extra yummy dimension & some nice moisture and texture. Yum!
I have to admit that I haven't yet tried it as a marinade or basting sauce, but I've used it right out of the bottle on sweet potato chips, a smoked turkey sandwich and even black beans and rice, and I'm hooked!  Other reviewers have stated that it's too smoky and too sweet, and maybe it was a little sweet on the chips (still really good though!), but it was wonderful used sparingly on the sandwich and the beans and rice.  I visited the website and found many recipes to try, including a margarita and a chocolate cake that both sound intriguing.  The website also states that this is a gluten free product which is a plus for me, being celiac.  I definitely will purchase this product in the future and I also think it would make a great gift...if I can bring myself to part with a bottle!
We finally tried this as a side or dipping sauce with roast pork and roast beef.  It was fabulous!  I'm sure it would be good with any meat or poultry.While it's distinctly raspberry, it's not overly sweet and has a nice spicy, smokey flavor from the chipotle in it.Some of the suggested uses included pouring it over cream cheese as a cracker dip or spread, use as a base for salad dressing and many others.A very delicious, versatile sauce.I will be buying this one.
This is a great sauce if you would like to try something new with just some "kick."  While it is hard to please all taste buds, the only thing I can tell is: If you are a traditionalist and only eat straight-forward foods, you may not like it.  However, if you are one that always dares to try something new, then this is for you!  If you are a fan of sweet-n-sour or sweet-n-spicy flavors, then this is the sauce for you.  It is hot, but not too hot and just enough sweetness to satisfy your taste buds.
I think this is one of the only pre-made "sauces" that I might consider buying on a regular basis.  Since I only had one bottle, I decided to try their pork-loin recipe, and it was probably the best tasting pork loin I've ever had.There's a real depth to the flavor of their roasted chilis, and it doesn't just taste like they mixed "liquid smoke" in, which many such sauces taste like.  Plus, it's spicy but not overbearing -- a perfect balance.This is a KEEPER!  FIVE SCREAMING STARS!!!!
I wasn't sure about this, but I really like it!It's almost like BBQ sauce- but with a fruit base. A bit of spicy zip, but still pretty mild.Aside from pectin, it's mostly 'real' foods (not food products made in a lab) and it's not too calorie-heavy; 40 per 1 tablespoon. If you're watching your diet its an easy way to add that little something if you're in a food slump.and this is coming from a dieting semi-foodie
What can I say about this product?  Fantastic, delicious flavor on anything!  I have used this product before, so it is not difficult to give an excellent thumbs up!  My favorite use is as a sauce coating on a pork loin roast...fixed one last night on the BBQ.  It is also wonderful on chicken.  The unique mingling of sweet raspberries and spicy hot peppers is a perfect combination to bring on a "party in your mouth"!  The two distinctive flavors provide a counterbalance that is truly delightful.  The product's suggestions for other uses such as on a cream cheese with crackers, or made into a salad dressing are great.  Must admit haven't tried those yet, but will soon.  Buy this....you won't be disappointed!
This sauce is wonderful!  It's very versatile and also makes an amazing salad dressing with the addition of some balsamic vinegar.  Very flavorful with a smoky kick.  Great with meats and salads.  It's addictive.
I try the sauce whit cream cheese and wheat crackers and I love it, the taste is delicious I couldn't stop eating, the combination of the chipotle and the raspberry is incredible, the only thing I dislike are the seeds. But I definitely will buy this product again.
This sauce is great!  The flavors are unique and really add to your food.  We have had it on chicken, and it tastes great!  Sweet (but not too sweet) with a follow-up kick!  I can't wait to try it with cream cheese and crackers as the label suggests.  The possibilities are endless.  As other reviewers have pointed out, it does contain seeds.  That doesn't bother me, but I think it should be pointed out for those who don't care for that.  Give it a try!  You won't be disappointed.  Every bit as versatile as salsa.
It's sweet and spicy.  The basic flavors of this sauce are Mexican chile peppers and sweet raspberry.  My husband and I have never cooked our Mexican-style food with much in the way of sweet fruit before, so it was new and interesting.  I thought the sweetness offset a need for cheese in my Mexican food, so it could be considered healthier, if it makes one cut down on cheese.  So far, we cooked it with chicken and black beans and had it in burrito shells or just over rice.  I would also like to try it as a substitute for barbecue sauce in some various things.  When cooking for others, you might want to add it lightly to the dish and let everyone add some more sauce individually upon serving, because it's reasonably spicy and everyone might not want it quite as strong.
A very good condiment. It can be used as a bbq sauce, mixed with other things for a good raspberry salad dressing, great as marniade etc. Its not overpowering, not too sweet has a very nice flavor. Is great with chicken, pork, and other meats. I would definitly get this again anytime as I like stuff raspberry flavored, Warning there is seeds though incase you can't have those for some reasons. If you like gourmet things something a little different outta the ordinary then give this a whirl. Be great in the summer with bbq to impress your friends with.
This is the best barbeque and all around sauce ever.  It has a sweet and spicy taste to it that is wonderful.  But you have to like both of the separate flavors to it.  It is not too spicy -- our big kids and little kids like it. I have used it on hamburgers and steaks, before they go on the grill or after or both, letting the flavors get grilled in.  I have used it on chicken -- both as a marinade (watered down) and while grilling or baking.  This sauce is also good on pork chops and ribs.The flavor is very strong though so I would recommend trying a small bottle if you can find one in your grocery store before you make a 120-ounce commitment.  Some people have really disliked the flavor so I don't cook for them anymore.  (If I go to the trouble to cook, the best idea is for people to eat.)My nephew used to ship these to me from Denver.  He was so cute when he wrapped each bottle in tons of paper and then put bubble wrap around them.  He is a true barbeque fan(atic) and he didn't want a single bottle broken.  I can get these locally now, but it's still a distance for me so I am happy that I will be able to order the bottles from Amazon!
A chipotle is a fully ripened and smoked jalapeno pepper.  So you know from the start that this sauce is going to have a little "zip" to it.  Personally, I don't think it's very hot at all, but I like really hot things.  It's sweet. . . but not too sweet.  A little paper around the neck of the bottle has a few recipes including:New York Trip with The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle SaucePecan Crusted Trout with The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle SauceThe Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce WrapsPort Tenderloin with The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauceand two VERY simple ones. . . .Cream Cheese with The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce(just take a block of cream cheese and pour the sauce over it and serve with crackers)Balsamic Vinegar Dressing with The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce(use equal parts of the sauce and balsamic vinegar to make your dressing)All of these recipes are very simple, and you can impress your friends easily using this delicious and flavorful sauce!  It's so good, I could just take a straw and put in the bottle! :-)  YUM!
I like good food, and this is going to be a real favorite from now on. Sweet, spicy, smoky and savory, this stuff tastes good on everything, or you can just mix it with cream cheese (I use fat-free) and eat it with crackers.As a Louisiana native with Texas parents, who loves Thai, Indian, Vietnamese and Ethiopian food, I definitely endorse this product.
This is Wonderful.its's a little sweet, hot, sour, Hicory flavor etc , everything that is good to your taste buds.I used this in my turkey meatloaf. Pour it over a low fat cream cheese block, served with crackers ,everyone loved it.Used a little in scrabbled eggs.This is just the right combo to be used in so many dishes.I still have more to try with this.I have not tried it this way, but I'm thinking of mixing a little of this with Olive Oil to be used as a salad dressing!..There is Not any Sat fats, or Cholesterol. There is not any fake additives. Looks all good to me.I will be buying this brand/flavor again.Two Thumbs up.
We tried this sauce in several ways and were very impressed. Combined with balsamic vinegar, it makes a zesty restaurant style dressing with plenty of snap.The flavor is strong but not like a steak sauce. The raspberry cuts the spicy edge nicely, creating a sweet-and-sour type of flavor with a spicy edge of chipotle.Another kitchen experiment was roast chicken breast and broccoli, both glazed with the sauce. It may have been a little too much for the broccoli -- being a thin mixture it is easily absorbed, like soy sauce. But it really made the always challenging chicken breasts quite enjoyable. We're always looking for something to dress up chicken breasts. I also poured some over white rice and used sparingly, it was a fun taste.This is the sort of all-purpose sauce you'll want to keep handy to bring a gourmet restaurant taste to practically any entree, especially when you're getting in a rut and want to try something new.
I was very impressed with this product.  It's a delicious sauce that can be used in a variety of ways. It's sweet and spicy, but not too hot, it adds just the right kick.  I put some of a tortilla with some cream cheese for a great quick lunch.  It would also be good in sandwiches, wraps, cooked meat and maybe even a desert if you are inventive enough.  The price seems high, but a little goes a very long way.  I will definitely buy some more when I'm out.
When I first got a hold of the Fischer and Wieser Razzoptle Sauce, I wasn't really sure what to do with it. I like Raspberries and I love spicy.  But when do you use it? Was it a jam? A jelly? There were recipes attached with a rubbery cord to the neck of the bottle, but they sounded pretty generic ('Raspberry Cream Cheese Hors D'oevres! Take cream cheese, add sauce and crackers!')  That little recipe tag really didn't do much for my hopes.Then I tasted it and I can state that the sauce is fantastic. I had French Toast for breakfast and I was pretty much out of syrup when it occured to me that using the F&W; sauce would be a good substitute. It didn't just taste good...it reinvented French Toast for me. I'm going to try it on everything now...it was that good.The consistency of the sauce is thinner than I expected. It spreads well enough, but after the first taste, you're likely to want more not less.There are rasberry seeds suspended in the sauce but they do not detract from either the flavor or the texture. That flavor is, as other people have noted, first fruity and then spicy. If you don't like spice at all, you may not like it. If you like spice even a little, you'll love it. The kick is wonderful and I believe the sauce will improve the taste of anything it touches.Reviewing a sauce feels a little silly, particularly since it is really hard to relate a taste. My suggestion is that you try the sauce, you're going to want more of it.
I tried this out on a veggie burger and it was delicious.  I used it as a spread on the hamburger bun instead of ketchup or mustard.  The sauce gave the burger a bit of sweetness and a very slight, spicy kick.  The raspberry seeds also add a bit of texture, but I think I would prefer it without the seeds.Nutrition-wise, it's not too bad:1 Tbsp (20g) per servingCalories 40Total Fat 0gTrans Fat 0gCholesterol 0gSodium  60mg (3%)Total Carbs 10g (3%)- Dietary Fiber 1g (2%)- Sugars 9gProtein  0gVitamin A 0%Vitamin C 6%Calcium  0%Iron  0%Ingredients: Sugar, Red Raspberries, Jalapenos (jalapeno peppers, salt, vinegar, water), Apple Cider Vinegar, Water, Pectin (dextros, pectin, fumaric acid), Chipotle (chili peppers, chipotle peppers, natural flavor, salt, and citric acid), Garlic, Salt, Spices, Natural Smoke Flavor
The Super Bowl is less than two weeks away. If you're hosting a party or planning to take a plate of appetizers over to a friend's house pick up an order of Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce.This versatile sauce can be paired with many popular appetizers. The Fischer & Wieser web site lists recipes for sesame wings, cheese tarts, won tons, little smokies and chicken dippers among others. Of course, don't forget that the easiest recipe is to pour this sauce over softened cream cheese and serve with crackers.The Fischer & Wieser web site says it best: "the sweetness of the fresh raspberries is the perfect contrast to the spicy smoke of the chipotle pepper. This award winning sauce is delicious with any meat, fish or fowl."Amazon packages six 20-ounce bottles in one shipment. Don't let the order size scare you off. One bottle provides enough sauce to compliment 2-3 appetizers but your guests are going to want a bottle of their own. In fact, this sauce makes an excellent gift (each bottle comes a small booklet of recipes, including pecan-crusted trout and pork tenderloin).Of course, you'll want to keep some on hand, too. Whip equal parts of this sauce with balsamic vinegar and you've got a spicy, sweet salad dressing that accompanies all salad types - mixed greens, radicchio, cabbage and fruit.In summary, yes it's that good. Rating: Five stars.
Fischer and Wieser's Razzpotle sauce is a favorite of mine and it never disappoints.Whether cooking with pork or chicken, or dipping it with cream cheese and crackers this is a tasty sauce.The first time I served this up, I had a large family gathering.  We grilled a couple dozen chicken breasts in three different sauces.  I'm not exaggerating when I say I thought it'd come to blows over the remaining pieces of the Razzpotle chicken.  My family is filled with picky eaters, but, from young to old, they all RAVED about the flavor of this sauce.Fischer & Wieser got at least ten new customers that day.I highly recommend this for anyone thinking of grilling or baking flavors that go beyond traditional BBQ.  You won't be let down.
I don't know how many different raspberry and chipotle sauces there are on the market, but Fischer & Wieser's IS the best.When you first taste this sauce all you can taste is the sweet raspberries then a few seconds later the smokey and spicy taste of the chipotle kicks in and creates this wonderful harmony of sweet, spicy, and smokey flavor.The first thing I tried the sauce on were some chicken nuggets (really gourmet hu?). I was a bit worried that the raspberry flavor was going to taste odd, but to my surprise it actually made the nuggets that more tasty.The heat level of the chipotle is fairly mild to my standards, though the more you eat it the hotter it feels.And finally the ingredients, NO CORN SYRUP! To my surprise they didn't cheap out and use corn syrup as the sweetener, just good ol sugar.F & W's Razzpotle sauce is definitely gourmet, even though it tastes good on almost everything you put it on (including chicken nuggets).Pros:Really tastes like raspberries.Some good heat from the jalapenos and chipotle peppers that are in it.Nice and smokey.Not made with corn syrup!Cons:Spendy (go figure).Very seedy, some people might not like the amount of raspberry seeds in the sauce.
If you tired of the same old bland flavors, the Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce is sure to entain your taste buds.The sweet rasberry flavor is what you first detect, and then the Chipotle sneaks up behind it to heat things up, but no so much that you must put out the fire.The bottle came with some recipes for pork and beef and a sour cream dip, but I tried it with baked chicken, I marinated chicken breast in the sauce for an afternoon, then started with a 1 minuite zap in the microwave followed by 30 minutes in the oven at 360 degrees with the chicken swimming in the sauce. The chicken came out tender and juicy with the sweet flavor of rasberry and the chipotle spice.My family gave me the nod, saying this should be served again!
I'm not one to usually go for these kinds of premade sauces. I'd rather make it from scratch myself, if possible. The Razzpotle, however, has won me over.First, the balance of sweet, heat and chipotleness is spot-on. None of the elements are dominant and play off each other beautifully. In essence, that's how they nailed this one. You initially taste the high notes of chipotle and a slight sweetness on the tip of the tongue. The flavor progresses to the middle of the tongue, carried by a wave of heat and chipotle low notes. It is capped off by a raspberry finish which leaves a slight sweetness towards the back sides of the tongue.The body of the sauce is slightly thick, like a a runny jam. It's not smooth but full of pieces of raspberries (including seeds) and peppers. I enjoy the texture and biting down on a pepper or seed gives an interesting contrast.I regularly eat very spicy foods, so I don't find this sauce to be too hot. I can see how some people would find it very spicy though. For me it's perfect. Yes, after having consumed 1/3 of the bottle (by the spoonful) in one sitting, my lips are tingling. I love it. The only bad thing about this sauce is that is like crack; it's very addictive and at the price, will drain me of my money.
We love spicy foods and we love fruit, so this was a perfect combination of flavors for us. Our only surprise was the ingredients list the jalapeno and chipotle contain salt and vinegar or citric acid, which implies that they are not fresh hot peppers, but canned or otherwise preserved. I don't know about that, it's just an assumption on my part. For those who prefer less heated peppers, this would cut the heat for you, and I guess if they weren't subdued, the peppers would overtake the red raspberry flavor.We purchased the Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce because we recently had Lindt dark chocolate with cherries and chilis and this enticed those same memories of delicious flavors. Fischer & Wieser includes a hang tag of assorted recipes, but we haven't tried any yet, and since the recipes are meat heavy, we bypassed those and came up with our own. It may sound crazy, but the first thing we did was enjoy the sauce atop a David's chocolate truffle cheesecake and we all loved the complex flavors and textures. A few days later, I needed something to dress my simple avocado, so I put a spoonful in the cavity. The seeds were much appreciated giving the smooth texture of the plain avocado a little crunch. We had fantastic sandwiches made of crunchy peanut butter, sweet pickles and this sauce on home-made multigrain bread, and we'll do it again. A couple days later, I prepared Quorn naked cutlets (phony chicken breast) by basting them with the sauce which created a lovely glaze, then crumbled a little goat cheese on top, running them under the broiler for a minute. It was a winning use of this versatile sauce and really brought out the flavors more than uncooked uses. This morning we tried it on belgian waffles with a luscious compote of fresh strawberries and figs, and it was another hit.I have only two criticisms of this sauce. Sugar is the first ingredient and we don't eat much sugar. I'm assuming that in order to maintain the integrity of the fruit, it must be necessary to sweeten the pot so the sauce doesn't become a hot sauce, but remains a fruit sauce with a kick. Secondly, the natural smoke flavor was a notch above the heat of the peppers in intensity, so I'll be thinking of ways to counteract that flavor which could be overpowering. If you like very hot condiments and are looking for a replacement to your Chipotle flavored Tabasco Sauce, this is not what you need, but if you're looking for a fruity sauce with heat, I'd recommend this product.
The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle SauceWow! I love this sauce!! I was very pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it. It's sweet and berry like but has a kick that tells you it's serious. But, not so serious that it kills your mouth and you can't taste the rest of your meal.  I dances around that ever so delicate area of sweet or spicy and hit's it perfect on both counts.I've tried it on roast beef and turkey sandwiches. It works well on both in lieu of mustard or other dressing. I did a heavy drizzle over a chicken quesadilla and it was fantastic. I didn't have any but am quite curious if it will work over vanilla ice cream for a very different type of dessert. Gonna try it!If you like sweet/spicy sauces this is one you must try. Highly recommended! Kudos to Fischer & Wieser.  Enjoy!
A little heat, a little sweet, and a little smoke.  These three elements are perfectly blended together in FISCHER & WIESER RAZZPOTLE ROASTED RASPBERRY CHIPOTLE SAUCE.  Taste it straight out of the bottle, just a little dab on your finger.  All three tastes are clear and present, mixing delightfully on your tongue.  Pour it over a brick of cream cheese and spread it on a cracker.  The cheese adds a creaminess to the sauce, gently calming (but not eliminating) the heat.  Truly excellent as a glaze for pork - my family gobbled it up.BOTH kids, ages 3 and 11, come back for multiple helpings whenever we use FISCHER & WIESER RAZZPOTLE ROASTED RASPBERRY CHIPOTLE SAUCE.  That in itself screams volumes.  My husband and I both agree that this sauce is delicious.  And we can't wait to try it in other ways.  My husband is thinking up new recipes as we speak.  FISCHER & WIESER RAZZPOTLE ROASTED RASPBERRY CHIPOTLE SAUCE enhances the flavor of whatever we use it on.Some people have complained about the raspberry seeds.  While they don't particularly bother me, I can see that FISCHER & WIESER RAZZPOTLE ROASTED RASPBERRY CHIPOTLE SAUCE could be even nicer without them.  If you really can't stand them, run the sauce through a strainer.  It will be worth the extra effort.Go ahead and try FISCHER & WIESER RAZZPOTLE ROASTED RASPBERRY CHIPOTLE SAUCE.  I guarantee, it will razzle-dazzle you.
My initial impression of the sauce is that it has a rich ruby color speckled with raspberry seeds.  It has a thinner consistency than I had envisioned - I liken it to a raspberry syrup found at a pancake restaurant - but was glad to find it clung to the meat with ease.  The sauce starts out sweet and finished on a medium spicy note.  I used it as an accompaniment to steak and plan to try it on both chicken wings and pork.  The bottle comes with a mini recipe booklet with more ideas.  One recipe I plan to try out on Super Bowl Sunday is one that uses a block of cream cheese and the sauce. Highly recommended.  Will purchase again.
I have really been enjoying giving this unique sauce a run for its money in a lot of different ways. The smoky-sweet spiciness is very versatile and never seems to overpower the flavor of the food it is paired with. The first couple of times I used it, I used it as a basting sauce for broiled chicken breast and pork chops. Yum! I especially like it slightly blackened and crispy. Actually, I used it on pork chops three times because is was so good. I put a tablespoon or so in some broth with veggies and pasta as a soup, and really couldn't taste the raspberry - just the smoky spice. From there, I used it on prawns when I broiled them. That was really good, too! So, then I decided to try the salad dressing option, which is equal parts of the sauce and Balsamic vinegar. The first salad I used it on was a basic iceberg mix with tomato, artichoke hearts, olives, and avocado. It was good, but I'll bet it would be a real knockout with spinach, mandarin orange, cranberries, and toasted almonds. That will be my next experiment, and I expect it to be a smash hit! I'm sure I'll be buying some more of this stuff! Recommended for adventurous cooks who like to experiment!
Im gald I tried this I normally would not, it is really good. I admit I tried it because of the good reviews, raspberry is not my thing yet my family loved it.It's great with mixed cream cheese and eaten with pretzles, or crackers :) I also enjoyed it on grilled chicken, and pork. I encourage you to go wild and put it on whatever you please it works well with so many different things.It manages to be spicy and sweet just the right mix of both amazing. In fact I have enjoyed it alone as well...just abit on a spoon its that good. I will be using this again.Try It (-_-)
I'm not a super big fan of raspberry flavor, so I wasn't sure if I'd like it, but my husband does love raspberry, so I gave it a go.I chose to use it on some chicken breast and marinated them in the sauce all day. The chicken smelled delicious when it came out of the oven and my little family of three dug in ravenously.It was spicy and sweet with just enough raspberry flavor, not at all overbearing. The spice was a bit too much for my three year old, but I just scraped a bit off the top and she wolfed it down after that. The adults enjoyed it very much, enjoying it with rice and a salad. It all went well together and I have used it only on chicken since and we always look forward to it.I will definitely buy it again and would feel comfortable giving it in a gift basket as well.
You can use this as a cooking sauce or a finishing sauce. It has a very bright fruit flavor, mellowed by the smokiness of the chipotle. Our favorite use is as a finishing sauce for pulled pork. This is a truly great sauce!
This sauce is excellent on ribs!  Just prepare your ribs for the smoker using a DRY rub.  Then during the last hour of cooking, baste with sauce, let cook 15 minutes then turn and baste the other side, wait 15 minutes and repeat.  Each side should be basted twice and allowed to set 15 minutes before turning over to baste the other side (that way the sauce doesn't drip off).  I usually slice the ribs into portions and then brush a little more sauce on right before serving.I also sometimes add a little Raspberry Chipotle sauce to bottled "fat free" salad dressings to give them a little "Kick" because lets face it, most "fat free" salad dressing are also "taste free".Anyway, there's probably lots of other uses for this sauce but those are my favorites (you can go to their web site for additional recipes too).
In fact, I am hard pressed to think of something that would NOT taste better if it was smothered with it.Okay, maybe a few things.- Cheerios (w/milk)- cheddar cheesy nachos- dirty gym socksOkay, but you get the idea.  RazzPotle is a delicious and versatile chipotle sauce that goes well with many kinds of food.  The manufacturer and other reviewers have covered many so I won't repeat.  RazzPotle is potent enough that a little will go a long way, yet is almost tolerable enough to eat straight from the bottle (which I admit I did as well).It has a vibrant raspberry flavor that isn't overpowered by the spiciness of the smoky chipotle.  Really quite an achievement.  The high sugar content puts is a little on the sweet side but it is lessened when eaten with food and you have to admit you didn't buy this as a health food.  Yet the ingredient list shows it to be a rather healthy sauce anyway.I'm stopping off at the grocery store on the way home to pick up crackers and creme cheese for hors'duerves tonight.  Watch out cheese, the RazzPotle is coming to get ya!
I fell in love with this product the first time I tasted it.  I love the spiciness, and the fruitiness!  Those two qualities make for a perfect sauce for me to broil chicken breasts with.But there is more...The bottle comes with recipes that sound amazing.  I think one is a dressing.I am definitely going to order this product again.
This was our first experience trying this sauce, and it's delicious!  Yes, the raspberry seeds are left in the sauce, but my husband and I both liked the subtle crunch that they lent to it.If you're worried about this being super spicy, it's not as spicy as other chipotle sauces out there.  It has just the right amount of kick, and is a wonderful combination of both sweet and slightly spicy.The bottle also comes with a small booklet with a few recipes in it.  We've now tried it on chicken tortillas as an entree and over cream cheese as an appetizer/snack.  It's very versatile!
I've always been a fan of Raspberry Vinegarette salad dressing, so I enjoyed the sweet/smokey/slightly hot flavor of this Roasted Raspberry Chipolte Sauce as salad dressing. (It was also simple to make--you just mix it with equal parts of balsamic vinegar).As a main course, I mixed 1/2 cup into the filling for Stuffed Peppers, and then continued my recipe in the usual way. Great results! All the tasters at the dinner table were pleased. :)For lunch, it was tasty in a ceasar-salad chicken wrap sandwich. (I drizzled about 2 tablespoons onto the sandwich before wrapping.)This is one versatile product, and I'm looking forward to trying it as an appetizer and then as a sauce for ribs.
If you have cooked for a very long time, you will know that sometimes it is the most bizzarre combinations that taste the best.  Some are a matter of taste (for me anchovie pizza with tomatoes) and some are more universal, like putting chilli pepper in hot chocolate. Either way cooking is a delicate balances of ingredients and those ingredients do not lways have to make sense to taste good whether to an individual or to the masses.  I would put the Razzpotle sauce in that catergory because Razzvberries and chipotles are one of the last combinations I would have concocted, and even when I saw it I thought "Ewwwwww!"  But I decided to try it anyway.When I recieved it in the mail, I decided, again like many of the products I recieve I would guinea pig it on my fiance.  I decided, because It was the only meat I had, to test it on pork.  I put the pork simply in a cast iron pan and salted it cooking it on both sides till both sides were cooked just a bit, and than applied the sauce to one side and fried it on that side and then reverse it and did it on the other side.  I continued to flip it in the sauce until the pork was fully cooked and then took it off heat.  I did this twice last nice, the first time I did not taste, possibly because I was leary.  The sauce looked fine in a appearnce, it kind of looked and even smelled like raspberry jam, but the smoky smell and taste too it made me wonder how it would mixe with the pork.Later on when it came time to cook for my fiance again he let me know that he really liked the way I cooked the pork so I did it again and then I tasted it myself.  The sauce did amazing things to the pork!  It kept it very juicy, and infused it with a sweet smokey flavor.  It is good to know that the sauce isn't filled with extra sugar so it did not taste like a syrup and make the pork taste disqustingly sweet.  No, rather it was perfectly spicey and sweet.  I am looking forward to testing this product on other meats and in other recipes.God Bless ~Amy
Try Fischer & Wieser's Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce and it will fast become a favorite condiment you'll always want to have stocked in your pantry. The product features a perfect blend of sweet, sour and spicy flavors that elevates an otherwise ordinary menu item to the extraordinary.My first experiment consisted of simply spooning a small amount of sauce onto a slice of ham, and in minutes I had a delicious main course which more than complemented the other parts of my quick-fix meal. I found the experience remarkable, given how difficult it can be to add flavor to ham!Since then, I have adapted this versatile sauce for use with other meats, salads and desserts. The key is the unique mixture of flavors which suits a wide range of recipes. I have found that from the quick and easy to the sophisticated, the Fischer & Wieser sauce provides a great solution to a number of cooking challenges.I highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to get more enjoyment from home cooking!
This is a sweet and spicy sauce that has the added plus of smoky flavor. I would have never thought of mixing raspberry and chipotle, but it does seem to work. And not just as a marinade, which is fantastic on pork! This sauce also works well as a dip or dressing. The other reviews gave me some ideas I would never have tried.Being lazy one night I thought I would try it as a dip with crackers. I did not expect to like it, but it was good. Now I need to get some carrots and celery and see how they taste. And it adds a zest to hamburgers and meatloaf. I did not get to try it on a grill, but I think that would only enhance the flavor. You can cook with the sauce or use it right out of the bottle. And if you run out of ideas, keep the tag that came on the bottle, read other reviews and go to their web site to see how others have used this sauce. It was much better than I thought it would be. Next stop for this sauce is chicken wings!
This is a great sauce for grilled salmon and chicken -- that's how we use it. It's a great combination of sweet and spicy, leaning more toward spicy. Recommended!
This is my family's favorite sauce.  They prefer it to any cooking or BBQ or Steak Sauce or jelly or syrup... anything you can pour over your food.  When I first sampled F&W;'s Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, it was being demoed in a gourmet grocery store.  They had poured it over cream cheese and served it on mild crackers.  The sweet hot flavor was incredible and I bought a bottle on the spot.  A few nights later we had tilapia for dinner.  It's a pretty bland fish and on a whim I poured a little puddle of this sauce on my plate and dipped a bite of fish.  Again, it was incredible!  It made a bland, tasteless piece of fish exciting.  I covered the fish with the sauce and enjoyed.  Since then, F&W; Raspberry Chipotle has become a staple.  We mostly eat it with fish but also with chicken and pork.  It has a sweet hot raspberry flavor and is made with all natural ingredients.  The consistency can vary from one batch to the next so sometimes it's a little thinner than others but you always have that zippy flavor with a few raspberry seeds suspended in the sauce.  It makes a great appetizer served with cheese (don't limit yourself to cream cheese, try it with brie).***Updated 1/26/09 I now have a bottle of the "Original" so I can compare the Razzpotle to the Original.  Looking at the ingredient list, I can see the difference.  The first ingredient for Razzpotle is sugar followed by red raspberries.  The "Original's" first ingredient is red raspberries followed by sugar.  Later in the ingredient list for the Original is more sugar of a different type so it looks like they have the same amount of sugar, but the Original has a higher quality sugar (organic cane juice, etc) than the Razzpotle.  Personally, I can't taste the difference and the nutrition label comes out the same.
Can we say "Ummy-licious"!  There are so many ways to try this, I will have to buy more to use on a full recipe, 'cuz we've sampled it numerous ways..........let me give you a few examples:as a topping for Ice Cream, Yogurt, cream cheese (on top or mixed in) as a spread for bagels crackers flour tortilla roll ups with or without meats & or lettuce & assorted toppings, unbelievably versatile sauce!Way better with Turkey than cranberry sauce! Can't be sure if it is in a dessert category or a meat accompaniment!There are also recipes that come with it & more on their website!When I was shoving, (errr... savoring) some cottage cheese with the raspberry sauce into the old 'pie hole" my 10 year old asked me for a taste, I didn't think he would like it as it has a bit of a kick to it after the initial sweetness, well I told him , "much too good for children" (one of our families favorite movie quotes from "Matilda") anywhoo.....the persistent little bugger wouldn't be so easily put off, so I gave him a BIG taste (he-he) .....well the "he-he" is on me, "cuz now I have to share with yet another person....grrrrrrrrrr. I told EVERYONE that for this years Mother's Day, I want the "Beverly Hillbillies Gift Pack" it will give me 6 bottles of assorted flavors, they all sound really good if this raspberry flavor is a way to gauge what they might be like, I can't wait to try the peach mmmmmm!  And the great part is that they are only $36.00 for a six pack of full size bottles!  A bargain, plus no sales tax & free shipping from Amazon, what more could a body hope for! Ahhhh , I'm drooling just thinking about them. You can read more about them here:http://www.amazon.com/Beverly-Hillbillies-Gift-Pack-20-Ounces/dp/B000O246HM/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s;=grocery&qid;=1232918645&sr;=8-2One gift pack containing six 20-ounce bottles of gourmet sauces (total of 120 ounces)Made with wild mountain honey and molassesIdeal for use with hamburgers, meatloaf, baked beans, pork chops and moreBold, sweet and tangy flavor livens up your favorite foodsPackaged in the USA in fun, collectible bottlesThis "6 pack" includes (six) 20 oz bottles:2 of Elly May's Wild Mountain Honey BBQ Sauce.2  Uncle Jed's Tennessee Whiskey Glaze1  Granny's Peach 'n' Pepper Pourin' Sauce1 of Jethro's Heapin' Helping Steak Sauce"Best you've ever tasted," all her kinfolks said.........
I love raspberry anything, and I already was thinking this would be good, not usually a good thing, as my expectations sometimes get the better of me, and then I am let down. Not so in this case. The woodsy taste of this sauce is just right. It isn't overly sweet, and has a nice blend of flavors. As I am a BBQ nut, I used it last week on a piece of venison I had in the freezer. I marinated it for two days and then grilled it up (just missing a very heavy snowstorm...though snow wouldn't stop me). I was pretty impressed with the way the venison came out. It really did a great job taking away any of the gamey taste, without having to use a better wine or brandy (what I used to use). The sweetness was a very nice addition, and well balanced. It was not overly acidic, and the meat was very tender. I have tried this on salmon, and again, I was very happy with the taste. I usually prefer a milder fish like Chillean sea bass, swordfish, tuna, or even fresh cod. This may end up being my new Ketchup (put it on anything and it tastes better). :-) The cost does seem a little high, but really, you get what you pay for, and here, you are paying for quality. I have also tried this as a salad dressing with pistachios and walnuts, feta cheese, spinach, pear slices and lettuce, and it was also great. If you are not allergic, try it, it's a great alternative for tradition mixes and flavorings!
This sauce is one of my all-time favorites! I tried it for the first time as soon as it arrived and I tested it immediately. I was curious whether I should test it as a sauce of salad dressing (you have the option of converting the sauce into a dressing). I tried it in a red-bell pepper/carrot/Canadian bacon stir-fry and it was quite impressive. The taste is exactly sweet and spicy; I intended to serve it to my 2-year old son, but decided not to since the taste was rather spicy for a toddler's palate. The beauty of this sauce is that you can put it into anything you're cooking, you can use it as a dressing, you can use it a dip (warm recommended), or you can use it as a marinade; the sauce is perfect. The only drawback: the dry chipotle in the sauce is not too easy on sensitive teeth; aside this minor point, the sauce is worth the price. Oh, and last but not least, the sauce contains no high fructose corn syrup (that's always a perk for me!). Buy the sauce; try the sauce!
Wow, I love this stuff.  It seems a bit unlikely, given that I am not the biggest fan of raspberries, but do enjoy spicy foods.  I remember the first time I bought chipotles in adobo sauce.  A small bit tasted great, so I dumped the whole can in a small recipe.  POW!  I was seriously messed up for a week!  This sauce takes that great adobo flavor and uses raspberries to stretch it out into a very mild sauce that I can pour over meats and breads like a common condiment.  It is very sweet and almost turns foods into candy.  I know it is expensive, but if you are a fan of chipotles and adobo, I think this sauce will become a favorite from the first bite.
This is a marvelous product. My favorite way to have it is over a block of cream cheese, served as a spread for crackers. I've also tried it on turkey sandwiches and in tuna fish sandwiches, just plain as a dip for bread. It is sweet and fruity, like a raspberry jam but thinner, and is very mild.I don't feel any heat at all when used in combination with other foods. When eaten straight out of the bottle, there is a slight kick. This is not a sauce for those looking for a very hot sauce nor is it for those whose tongue only favors the bland. If you are meat and potatoes, this is not for you. For the majority who are in between folks, I can say this sauce is the hit of every party.
I love raspberries and hot sauces, so my expectations were pretty high.  But the first taste was better than I expected.The lightly sweet raspberry taste is front and center, with a hint of smoky flavor and a touch of gentle heat.  The ingredient list is short and simple--the first three ingredients are sugar, red raspberries, and jalape&ntilde;os.  There are no preservatives and no corn syrup, so this simple sauce lacks the added funky flavors and aftertastes that many other sauces have.The flavor of this sauce is so uncomplicated and good that I want to try other Fischer & Wieser sauces.  I've just subscribed to theirUltimate Sauce Gift Pack,a pack of six bottles including two bottles of Raspberry Chipotle.  I'm not a big fan of blueberry (ok, I admit I'm planning on giving that one away,) but the other sauces look promising. especially the Asian Apricot Stir Fry & Dipping Sauce.To try this sauce, I seasoned boneless pork ribs with rosemary and put them on the grill.  When they were done, I coated them with this sauce.  There was no need to cook the sauce, I just let it get to room temperature so it wouldn't cool the hot food.  The flavor was perfect with pork, but I can see that it will work well with chicken, and would be great on a salad, mixed with some rice wine vinegar or balsamic or cider vinegar.I've got to save what's left of this bottle, though, because friends will be visiting soon and I plan on drizzling this over cheese and crackers.  The included recipes suggest cream cheese, but I'll try it on brie and cheddar, too.4/5/09 UPDATE: I smothered a huge wedge of brie with this sauce and brought it to a party.  An hour later I wandered back into the room with the food, and I'd swear the platter had been licked clean.  Other foods were still available, so I know it wasn't desperation that drove people to polish this off.My only regret is that I didn't get a photo of the person doing the licking.  Oh well, better luck next weekend.
This viscous sauce has the texture of jam, the fruit of a salad dressing, and the bite of a BBQ sauce.  It's surprisingly tasty.I usually don't like premade sauces, since too many taste artificial and are full of corn syrup, preservatives and fake colors.  This one has none of those.  Pour a little into a glass an inspect it against the light, and the bits of fruit swim in a liquid the color of crushed raspberries.Pretty, but how does it taste?Sweet but not cloying, with a modest but substantial heat that lingers without building.  Very nice balance for my tastes.I'd pair it with pork tenderloin or salmon-- it's robust enough to stand up to encrusted or seared versions of both, though too mild for red meat.Recommended.
Fischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce is just the thing to wake up a salad and does wonders for meat salads like turkey or ham!  The first whiff gave me the impression of barbeque sauce, but this isn't barbeque sauce!  The first taste made me think "sweet French dressing," but then the peppers and raspberries kick in and yikes!I tried it with plain, cut-up apples and it was great as a dip.  I put it on a fresh green salad and it was wonderful as a salad dressing.  Add diced turkey or ham to the salad, and it's better than anything you'll get in a restaurant.I'm impressed!  I'm not ready to put it on my chocolate cake yet, but as a versatile dressing and dip, I'm all over it!  A heads up to anyone who suffers with GERD...be careful with this one.  This spicy, seedy, tangy sauce will give new meaning to the word "heartburn."
This was our first experience with Razzpotle, and it was absolutely delicious. We first tried it in our meatloaf, which gave it a sweet flavor with a slight kick, which even our kids loved. It's also great for burgers on the grill, and mixed with a little oil, makes an awesome salad dressing. It's rare to come across a sauce this versatile and delicious, and for that it gets 5 stars all-around.
Last night I cooked a pork loin marinated in this delightful sauce. It was absolutely amazing-tender, juicy, and had a mild raspberry flavor w/ a slight heat. This is now my favorite way to cook pork loins. I also love the mango-ginger flavor on salmon and chicken-yum!
Not sure I can add anything, other than my delight at this surprising combination of tastes!  I'll buy this again and give some as gifts!
This is a very tasty, yummy sauce that is great on both Chicken and Pork.  I especially like using it as a dipping sauce and baste for BBQ wings for tailgating.  The raspberry works well with the flavor of the Chipotle.  I also tried the sauce with Beef, but it just did not taste as great as the chicken or the pork.  I also liked the sauce on grilled veggies, especially grilled corn.  I tried it on fried egg rolls too and it tasted great.  I had not tried a raspberry chipote sauce before so all in all this was a good and tasty experience for me.
Love raspberries and this combination of flavors with raspberries is unbeatable! I used on chicken roasted in oven and it made a gourmet treat. I have even used it on my cream cheese and bagel at breakfast. Yum, yum. I like easy cooking and believe me just adding this sauce to whatever you are cooking makes a fast and wonderful dish.
We've roasted pork with this sauce, and used it for stir-fry, and seared chicken, and rubbed beef before grilling it, serving more sauce on the side. We'll move on next to salad dressings, and I can't swear I'm not going to bake with it.Rather than being a sweet sauce, Razzpotle has a mellow, complex flavor that goes well with all kinds of meats. You won't need further seasonings to punch it up, and a little goes a long way.I appreciate the fact that the sauce is made with natural ingredients (mostly raspberries and jalapenos).
This is a little strong tasting for some people. I was very pleased with it. I tried it on some panko breaded, oven baked pork chops and this sauce was just magic. It is a cross between smokey and sweet, which is a bit unusual. My husband says it tasted much like Filipino banana ketchup - only smokier.I liked the berry flavor. I also like the consistency of the sauce which is medium thick. It also sticks well to food. A small amount of this in a shallow dish on the side is probably best. I would not pour this on anything; the taste is very, very strong in large quantities. Dipping food in it is wonderful.This is a nice surprise for persons that like berry flavored relishes on their meats. I don't know what else I would try it on. I may try chicken, but it seems to work best with pork for me and my husband.
I can't describe in words, how delicious this sauce is.  It has a tangy yet hot taste.  It is very good.  You can put it on practically any thing you want, and it will be delicious.
We tried this out during my sister's Super Bowl party and everyone really loved it!  The sauce is sweet and very flavorful when you first taste it and then after a few seconds you get a nice bite from the spicy chipotle.  I wouldn't call it hot, but it was spicy enough that I warned my nieces (10 and 7) before they tasted it.  They said they liked it, but I noticed they did not come back for more.  They stuck with the veggie tray with the ranch dip.We put the sauce over cream cheese and the flavors were amazing together.We used about half the bottle over one block of cream cheese.  That seemed to give us the perfect combo of the creamy soft cheese and the tasty sauce.Too bad it has raspberry seeds!  I didn't hear any complaints from anyone else, but I did need to search out a tooth pick later in the day.I wanted to take the rest of the bottle home but I felt like I had to leave it at my sister's since she enjoyed it so much.  Oh, well...  I'll just have to get another bottle.
The Fischer & Wieser Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce is absolutely wonderful. The sauce's Raspberry flavor is subtle and sweet with a combination of heat and gentle smoke flavor from the chipotle peppers.This sauce is great on everything from Chicken to Cheesecake and at only 40 calories per serving you're not breaking your diet every time you use it.The Chipotle sauce is extremely versatile and works great on the barbeque, as a marinade, or straight out of the bottle. You can even use it to make a lovely vinaigrette salad dressing, and kick up your salads a notch.This Sauce is something you and your family are sure to enjoy - mine certainly did!
I enjoyed the taste of this roasted Raspberry chipotle sauce. I was impressed with the real raspberry flavor and think this would go well on chicken, meat, or other grilled dishes. Because I have heartburn, I did find the chipotle a bit strong for me, so I don't think I would eat this often. Perhaps if there was a mild version it would be something I would consume more. Overall, this was a great product, I recommend for both BBQ enthusiasts and those who like the combo of fruit sauce with their meat.5 stars.
I'm not a huge fan of either of flavors singly, but the combination sounded intriguing.  I was particularly interested in using it as a salad dressing.  I used the recipe from the bottle for the dressing.  It has a very robust flavor.  It is spicy, but not overpowering, though may be a little bit too much for a child (as a salad dressing).  I plan to try some of the other recipes; I think it would be really good as a marinade for chicken.
I use this to mix with my cream cheese to make the best ever raspberry chipotle cream cheese dip. Mmm... yum! Very sweet and very spicy. Only thing I don't like about this is that there are long strings of something inside... looks black. I think it's dried raspberries? I am not sure, but I wish it's not in there. I pick them out.
There's nothing like a good steak - and the right sauce can make a good thing even better. Fischer & Wieser have outdone themselves with this Razzpotle concoction - I have yet to find a food that it doesn't go well with!The bottle came with a little flyer that contained 6 recipes to try out, a nice little bonus. I figured I'd use this sauce when steak night rolled around. I had this as a dipping sauce on the side, but by meal's end, I was putting it directly on the steak. The raspberry dampened the heat of the jalapenos and chipotle peppers, so it felt similar to eating lamb with mint jelly.Nutritionally, this isn't the healthiest sauce in the world, with 60mg of sodium per serving. But let's face it...this sauce is all about the taste.I've tried this sauce on wheat thins, cheese sticks, chicken sandwiches, mixed with cream cheese on bagels, even as a dip for breadsticks...and it's a hit, every single time.If you like a little sweetness with your snacks or meals, you can't go wrong with this sauce. Very highly recommended!
I found the first bite of this sauce exotic, but liked it more as I continuted eating it. You get a mixture of sweet rasberry (sort of like preserves), together with a very tangy, peppery chipotle flavor.It has soft, small rasberry seeds still in it. It did NOT cause any problems with my teeth as with some blackberry seeds. Since I like it that way, like pulp in my orange juice, this was a treet. Judge the seed content according to your tastes.This sauce is thick, and you might consider spreading it with a utencil. It may take some experimenting to find out what foods it will go with. I personally, wouldn't use it with food that is already very sweet or tangy, but it could be an enjoyable addition to blander dishes.  It was excellent on a variety of fresh baked breads I tried it with. I can see it with some meat recipes.
Yes, you can pour it over a block of cream cheese for the most instant appetizer ever.  But it can be a bit hard to scoop up on to the cracker. I take the cream cheese block and about a half of a cup of sauce and throw it in the food processor and give it a whirl.  This makes a somewhat strangely colored pinkish concoction, but it is much easier to spread on crackers and will not leave your guests with raspberry stains on their clothing when it drips (as it is prone to do if you just pour it on the cheese).I also grill chicken using this as a marinade.  It has a lot of sugar, so brush on near the end of grilling.Also throw a bit in with BBQ sauce on mini sausages or meatballs in the crock pot.  Adds some zest.My kids also use it as dipping sauce for chicken nuggets.
We used the sauce with our steaks the first night, and everyone agreed that it was delicious. Our usual steak sauce is bourbon peppercorn, but we will be using the Original Raspberry Chipotle Sauce from here on out.We like all kinds of foods, but especially spicy dishes like chicken curry and gumbo, so this sauce was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. It also came with a tag on the bottle which had six recipes. I tried the hors d'oeuvres recipe, and it was fantastic!!
I was a bit skeptical about the raspberry and chipotle peppers combination, but this sauce definitely exceeded my expectations!I tried it as a dip - took a pack of cream cheese, poured the sauce over it, mashed a little bit, and ate with Triscuits - and it was absolutely delicious! It would be great with any type of meat, I personally tried it on chicken. The first time around I marinated the chicken in the sauce and then threw it on the grill. The second time I just made some holes in the chicken with a fork, poured the sauce over it, and stuck it in the oven. Either way, the chicken came out very good. If you like a raspberry vinaigrette type dressing, this sauce would work well as a dressing too. I highly recommend this chipotle sauce, you will not be disappointed!
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I like all of the Fischer&Wieser; sauces for their sweet and tangy versatility.  For this sauce, I have been mainly using it four ways:1) As a marinade.2) Mixed with soft cheeses and used as a dip for crackers.3) Combined with soy sauce and used in Chinese cooking.  The honey in the sauce is noticeable and when it is combined with vinegar, makes for some interesting sweet and sour stir fries.4) Combined with a dash of spices and used in Indian flavorings.If you like this sauce, I would highly recommend theirFischer & Wieser The Ultimate Sauce Gift Pack, 19 to 21-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6), which includes this sauce along with four other flavors (even though there are six bottles, it includes two same bottles ofFischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, 20-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)
Me HONEY and me make boolooloop soon... :)And it just happens that Mango puree is the main ingredient in the Habanero sauce, followed closely by Honey - so think REAL SWEET. And apple sauce, ginger, some vinegar, sugar, spices and, of course, Habanero peppers. No preservatives whatsoever.I don't know why, I expected a super-hot mixture, something likely to burn a hole in my stomach if swallowed but, as it happens to be the case with the other Fischer & Wieser sauce I sampled, theFischer & Wieser Razzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce, 20-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6), this one too is a well-balanced - it means NOT HOT - concoction that discretely but effectively enhances the taste of whatever it may be added to. My uses so far, and the Habanero met and exceeded expectations: an Egyptian omelette (don't ask how or why), lamb chops, salmon.When used as directed, the Habanero sauce will tilt any dinner toward the mysterious, the flavorful, the exotic.P.S. - it's a 5-star ONLY if you don't mind 'sweet' in a hot sauce.
This is a great addition to Fischer & Wieser's lineup of excellent sauces.  As some other reviewers have noted, these sauces are on the sweet side and are not as spicy as the names seem to imply, especially this one, with habanero peppers.  Spicy is such a subjective measurement, though, that I almost feel it's not fair to assess it on that:  One person's "not very spicy" is another person's three-alarm mouth-fire.  For me, sweet and a little spicy is a great combination, and I find this sauce delicious.  It's a great touch for grilled meats, in particular, and works as both a glaze and as a dipping sauce, depending on what you're making.  I particularly liked it with chicken and with pork, and I'm looking forward to trying it on some grilled fish as soon as I drop enough hints, and tempt her often enough with this sauce, to get my sister (whose husband is both a grill master AND a fisherman) to invite me over.  In the meantime, I'll be looking forward to trying it out in more and different ways at my own house.  Highly recommended!
Fischer & Wieser's Sweet Heat Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is a tasty treat for many occasions and uses. Are you a veggie fanatic? Dip your carrot sticks and other crudit&eacute;s in this unique sauce, and for those who count calories, 50 calories a tablespoon is a good trade for the flavor it adds to your meal. Try it mixed with a cabbage and beef stir fry over soba or udon noodles. Add it to a creamy salad dressing. Mix it with sour cream for a dip. It's absolutely superb with fish and poultry.This is gourmet stuff, and very subtle. The "heat" is more of an aftertaste that tingles the palate, and the most salient flavor for me is the ginger. For anyone who has ever used duck sauce or cranberry sauce with chicken or turkey, try this new tangy sweetness to perk up the taste buds. It is also "All Natural," and has no preservatives added.I always fear excessive salt in any kind of processed or prepared food , and was pleasantly surprised to find I had nothing to worry about. It has 35 mg of sodium per tablespoon  (a teaspoon of table salt has 2,325 mg) so this lovely sauce is acceptable for just about any diet. It does have 13 g of sugars (sugar and honey) which is not that much compared to other sauces of this kind, and this delectable sauce is well worth it!
I only wish this sauce came in larger containers! (The bottles are enough for a meal or two for a family, but it would be great to have a gallon size for parties!)Sauce is sweet, like ripe mangoes, and has a slight after-kick of habenero.The ginger seems to be blended into the sauce and doesn't stand out, nor does the habenero really, at least not at first.We used it on everything from frozen burritos to chicken to beef, and it seems it would make an incredible jerky sauce for beef, venison or turkey.I even like it plain by itself, it IS "that good!"I hope they never change this one! They've got a winner! Very natural as well!
I love their Raspberyy Chipotle sauce and this Mango Ginger was great too. Great to spice up your lunches and dinners and for when special guests come over. It's not a health food exactly so enjoy in moderation.
We have really enjoyed this sauce and will purchase it again! The flavor obviously works great on chicken, or for dipping chicken nuggets, but we have also used it on eggs, beef, hot dogs, and my husband even used it on salad one night. It has a slightly sweet taste, lots of ginger taste and then an unexpected afterbite of habanero.If you don't like ginger, I'd stay away from this, since the ginger comes through very strong, but since we like ginger, it's a winner for us.
I am a big fan of Fischer & Wieser sauces.  They are not inexpensive, but they are worth the price.  The sauces tend to contain natural ingredients as opposed to fillers and preservatives.  Like most of their other products, this sauce is absolutely delicious!  I would consider it a marinating sauce for meat and poultry, more so than a spread, although you can certainly use it as, or incorporate it in, dip.Unlike other reviewers, I found the Mango Ginger Habanero hotter than it was sweet.  I've had only one bottle so perhaps I happened to "get a hot one" but the sauce was definitely on the hot side.  I found it hotter than the Raspberry Chipotle (I have both in my kitchen at this time).I am juding the hotness based on the type of sauce this is, which is a blend of flavors.  As far as being a "hot sauce", like a tobasco, this sauce is nothing of the sort and much milder than that.Several of the F&W; sauces combine sweet and spicy flavors. The F&W; Raspberry Chipotle is probably better suited as a spread, served with cream cheese or alone, on crackers.  That sauce tends to be fruitier with a nice bite.The Mango Ginger Habanero sauce, on the other hand, is best suited for marinating grilled foods.  It is somewhat fruity but mostly "bite".  The sauce is not too hot, but just right. It is nice and spicy, with a blend of sweetness ending in some heat from the Habanero chili.  That is why I would suggest using it as a seasoning for the grill as opposed to dip.I also want to note that I did not detect the taste or scent of ginger, which to me is a plus, because I'm not a huge ginger fan.  Apparently Fischer & Wieser managed to put just the right amount of ginger in this sauce.Thus far I have tried the sauce on grilled steak, chicken and shrimp.  It is just delicious.  I am adding it as a staple to my pantry.
I'll start by saying that I do like heat - so there are very few things that are too hot for me.  This sauce, despite the kick of the habanero,is definitely not too hot.  The sweetness of the mango and honey balances the heat nicely, so that even my kids (who don't like heat) are enjoying what I've made so far.  There's also a definite tang of ginger - I love ginger so I love that, but if you're not a ginger-phile you should be aware that the ginger taste is definitely noticeable.I've so far used this sauce as a marinade for flank steak (to die for), a seasoning for ground beef that I made into burgers (subtle but nicely different), a coating/glaze for "bbq" chicken legs (delicious and different), and a dipping sauce for shrimp (strong, sweet and tangy).  My husband and I loved the sauce in all these forms; my kids liked the first 3 but they found it too strong a taste for a dipping sauce and did not enjoy dipping the shrimp into it.I loved this stuff and will buy it again - but I love habaneros, mangoes, and ginger.  if you're tentative about any of those flavors, this may not be the sauce for you.
What is there to say about a sauce, other than how it tastes. I know my palette, as does everyone. My immediate impression was how smooth it was, even though I initially coughed on the heat. After all it was first thing in the morning, and I needed to save the spicy stuff until later in the day. I'm a fan of ginger, especially since I read a book aboutPerfect Weight: The Complete Mind/Body Program for Achieving and Maintaining Your Ideal Weight (Perfect Health Library)and Deepak Chopra suggested eating some ginger and sipping hot water as a good contributor to weight loss. Beyond that I am accustomed to using it when making ginger chicken, with honey and a touch of cinnamon. Ginger and sweetness were made for one another.Let's talk about hot; Habaneros run the gamut of the exceptionally hot range, all the way from mild hot, to emergency room hot. A little goes a long way, and they are fortunately one of the most flavorful. This sauce is just the right blend, and I am not just saying that. After having my first taste, my mouth was prepped for some more. It has a mildly hot flavor that is tempered by the sweetness in such a way that you want to have more.As a matter of fact, the flavor is powerful enough that you don't need to use much, but satisfying enough that it leaves you with a desire to have more. You can't make a mistake of using a little too much. The mango is not pronounced enough to be a concern. It is present just enough to add some depth to the ginger flavor, giving it a very light hint of fruitiness, making it a more complex flavor; one that makes you wonder exactly what is in it. I can see dinner guests upon first tasting the chicken asking, this sauce, what is in it? You would almost swear that it has a hint of orange, but that is not listed in the ingredients. It is begging for orange though, so much so that I wouldn't hesitate to add an orange slice as a garnishment. The ingredients on the bottle are mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider, vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers, and spices.This is definitely in the favorite sauce and spice category. I think it would be a wonderful alternative to the standard sauce used in chicken wings. This has all the same pizzazz but a whole new range of flavors; definitely an attention getter, yet very satisfying. You can tell I am fantasizing about the different dishes, especially meat entrees it can be used with. I can already taste the flavor of how it would go with steak.If I had to get critical of it, I couldn't. They blended just the right heat level of habanero to bring in all of the flavor, while satisfying the heat enthusiast, and the mild heat enthusiast all in one sauce, thanks to the sweetness offsetting the fire in a way that shields you from the burn, and keeps your tongue alive to enjoy the subtle blend of spices. Overall the flavor is outstanding, but then again, I am a fan of ginger with sweet, and the mango exposure is a treat, mixed with the honey.You may think that I am on something loving this sauce this much, that is until you try it. It really is an incredible blend. My hat's off to Fischer and Wieser for bringing it all together. Highly recommended.
I didn't know what to expect from Fischer and Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce. I suspected I wouldn't like it, but I spread this on some chicken and I was won over. Not too sweet and not too strong, it has a nice even taste that adds to the flavor of the food it adorns. I also tried it on rice and it's just as good, maybe even a little better, than the more traditional soy sauce.Reoommended.Brian W. Fairbanks
In marked contrast to their famed Raspberry Chipotle sauce, this Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is more subtly flavored, but also sweet, with just a slight tingle on the tongue to let a person know that there are some habanero peppers in there.  So, if you don't like sauces that bring the heat, and are concerned about the fiery reputation of habanero peppers, don't worry, this sauce won't burn.  The ingredients are very simple: Mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers and spices. The allergy information notes that the sauce is made in a plant that processes peanuts, tree nuts, milk, soy and anchovy.  I used this sauce as a dipping sauce for chicken nuggets and egg rolls and it was absolutely wonderful.  Sweet, subtle, with just the merest hint of heat, it's a sauce that just about everyone can enjoy!
This sauce has just the right amount of spiciness and sweetness. The 'habanero' in the title had me a little worried that it might be too hot, but not at all. Also, the ginger flavor is subtle and not too strong. This is great for pork, chicken, or beef, and I consider it to be an all-purpose and interesting alternative to barbecue sauce.
this is a very good, light alternative to boring chicken.  i marinated the chicken in it and sauteed them.  it was very good.  the flavor is not too strong but enough for your taste buds to know there is something different there.  it's not spicy but have a slight bite. i try to eat healthy and chicken is just boring sometimes.pick up a bottle of this and give it a try.  you don't need much but it does add alot of flavor
I have mainly used this product to marinade chicken breasts; we have used it for grilling three times so far this spring/summer.  The flavor is fantastic.  My husband is the grilling king, but even he gives some credit to the sauce, the chicken breasts have been so tender and juicy.The sauce is sweet with a little heat.  None of the flavors are overpowering and the combination is surprisingly superb.  The combination of sweet Mango), heat (Habanero) and the little kick of spice (Ginger) is perfect, you don't need to add any other seasonings to your meat.  I have been sticking chicken breasts in a Ziploc freezer bag and then coating them with the sauce, we marinade for at least four hours in the refrigerator, turning the bag every now and again to make sure they are evenly coated.  Then my husband has been putting them on the charcoal grill cooking them using the indirect method.  They truly are succulent.  When the chicken breasts come off the grill I brush them again with a very light coat of the sauce over me and my husbands' chicken breasts.  My son finds the sauce a tad too spicy for him with the extra coating, but perfect without it.We have had one jar and have used it for approximately 12 breasts.  I have also used a little to go over cream cheese on a cracker; delicious.  It is a unique flavored sauce andI can't wait to try it on some grilled fish this summer.  This is new favorite in our house and something we will keep on hand.Cherise Everhard, June 2009
At first I was not sure what to expect with this sauce in the bottle because of its sort of flat brownish color, but I was pleased to read on the label that the ingredients are natural, which I will take over orange food coloring any day.I am always looking for a good sweet and hot flavor and this fits the bill nicely. I liked it brushed on my grilled pork chops and it tasted just right and gave it a gentle kick. It was even better on my vegetable and chicken pot stickers. Given the thickness of the sauce, it worked really well as a "dipper". While I dont think I would cook with it every week, I will definitely repurchase.
I ran out of sauce several days ago, so I've been ANXIOUSLY awaiting the arrival of this one. It came today, and I couldn't wait to partake. The sweetness, the lucious ginger smell, and the bit of "sneaky heat" really works for me. I don't prefer things fiery hot, and this is just right. Pardon me while I go find something else to eat it with...
When I first opened this sauce and tasted it, I thought it was good, but a little too sweet.  It reminded me of hot sauce and jelly mixed together.However, after cooking with it, I think it is an excellent combination of sweet, sharp, and spicy.  The mix of ginger, mango, and habanero peppers is perfect.I've tried this sauce on a couple of chicken dishes and also on hamburgers and it really added a great, exotic personality to these foods.  I highly recommend this sauce.
This is a great sauce to add to chicken or beef.I usually add it five minutes before dish is done.It really brings out the flavor of any meat. I haven't tried it on fish yet. It isn't overpowering. I would highly recommend this if you are tired of the typical barbecue based sauces.
We tried this sauce out on chicken and fish. At first the sweet flavor complimented those types of dishes very well, but it was a bit too sweet for our test. The heat in the back of your throat is a nice little surprise, but perhaps the texture of the sauce needed to be a bit more liquid to be enjoyable. The sugar overwhelmed the hotness for us, and while the sauce is supposed to be partially sweet, it seemed like we were eating the meat with apricot jelly.
I didn't immediately use this sauce as a dipping sauce or in any of the traditional ways listed on the jar.  Rather, I brushed it on some chicken breasts I was grilling outside... WOW... what a great flavor boost.  Everyone was asking me how I had "made such a fantastic BBQ" for the chicken.  It was really some of the best tasting chicken I had ever tasted.  So, I thought why not try it on some steaks.  A few nights later I put some steaks on the grill that I had brushed a good coating of the sauce all over the night before and put back into the fridge.  I grilled them good on one side and turned them over, brushed some more sauce on the already grilled side, flipped them again after a short grilling and repeated the process.  These steaks also turned out great.  I had the same results later with some nice, thick-cut pork chops that I grilled in the same way.  The flavor is something that is hard to describe, except to say "delicious"... not extremely hot, not too sweet, not an overwhelming ginger taste.... just a great combination of flavors that seems to complement every food I have tried it on so far.  I would like to suggest this sauce to anyone who likes good food, great taste, and likes to try something new.  I liked it and I think you will too.
I try the sauce whit cream cheese and wheat crackers and I like it, the taste is good but is too sweet maybe with something more salty will taste better.
I loved this . I tried it Tilapia and Salmon so far. It's excellent on fish . I assume great on chicken as well. Its a very delicious mellow sweet heat. Nothing you can't stand. The ginger really rounds up the other flavors too. This would go great in asian dishes as well for us who have woks . I loved it. It's something different goes great on fish .
I love the mixture of tastes and textures of this sauce. It has a very sweet and sour sauce sort of texture to it. That part of the experience was expected. What is both subtle and in your face is the spice. In my opinion it is kind of mild. My wife couldnt handle the heat. Being taste is subjective it is all up to the user. Overall I totally enjoyed this on some tofu and rice. I even put it on french fries. Everything I put it on tasted better. Savory and sweet this condiment does amazing things to your cooking. I highly recommend it!I made some breakfast burritos and this was another surprising taste experience.Looking at the list of ingredients shows that this is a high quality product: (You will see no preservatives or strange chemicals)...Mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider, vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers, spices50 Calories in a serving (serving size 1 Tbsp)Thank you for reading my review.
I like spicy food. I love ginger, and I can never pass up anything that involves mangoes. Obviously, this is right up my alley. It is zippy, but not to the point where you have to blow your nose afterward; tangy, fruity and gingery all through. I tried it with meat, with vegetables, and on a cheese sandwich, and they were all good. I haven't tried it on ice cream yet, but I just might!
This is an excellent dipping sauce for egg rolls, lumpeas, etc.  I even tried it on scrabble eggs -- not too bad.  On taco's... different, but not unpleasant.  It's on the sweet side in relation to taste, but there's not a great deal of heat ... however, you can taste the habanero, but it is not overpowering at all.
Great mango flavor.  Not too hot.  However, if you don't like sweet, this may not be the sauce for you.
Tried it on beef, pork, chicken, fish and this sauce absolutely enhances the food's flavor! Definitely loved it and ordering the pack of 6. Highly recommended!
Love it, firy hot spicy with a kick at the end.Large jar 21.5 oz. No preservatives. 28 calories per 1 Table spoon.Update, I love this stuff- I normally don't go for many spicy things, or dips (maybe a little blue cheese now and then) yet this sauce has this neat way of a shot of spice then cools down to normal, I have dipped all kinds of meat and fake crab and just plain toast in it.like the jar says, SWEET HEAT.
This is a savory sweet sauce, tangy but no sugary, with just a hint of a habanero bite with no after-taste.  Excellent marinade or as a finishing sauce for chicken or fish.  I loved the taste!
The Mango Habanero Sauce is sort of like sweet-and-sour sauce or orange sauce, except that it's quite delicious.You can definitely taste the mango and ginger in the sauce. I thought the ginger was a bit stronger, but others thought the mango was more prominent. It works as an excellent dipping sauce for things that you might normally pair with sweet-and-sour sauce or even some sweeter salsas.Overall, I would recommend this sauce, but if you don't like ginger, you might find it a bit too strong. The sauce works great for dipping or for mixing into other foods to give a bit of a kick.
Warm this sauce up first for a glaze that marries beautifully with pork tenderloin and grilled chicken. More sweet than heat, the mango puree and honey offset the spices.Our first experience with the Fischer & Wieser brand was a bottle ofRazzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce. That sauce is smokier and spicier than the Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce but not as versatile. The Raspberry Chipotle sauce and cream cheese makes a delicious appetizer combination but the berry doesn't match up as well with chicken and pork.Likewise, the Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce didn't match up as well with cream cheese but it works beautifully on grilled and roasted white meats. You can grill a tenderloin over direct heat in less than 10 minutes, allowing another five minutes resting time.The ingredients are: Mango Puree, Sugar, Honey, Apple Cider Vinegar, Ginger, Habanero Peppers, Spices. Personally, I'd prefer this sauce to be a bit hotter but that's a minor (and my only) complaint.Amazon packages six bottles in one shipment. Don't let the order size scare you off. This sauce makes an excellent gift. If you are hosting a dinner or party your guests will be asking for the recipe.In summary, the Fischer & Wieser brand delivers a versatile Latin condiment to your dinner table. The sauce not only marries well with white meats (pork and chicken) but can easily fill in as a dipping sauce for Asian fusion dishes. Rating: Five stars.
Not tooo spicy, but it does have this amazing flavor about it.  I fell in love the first time I tried on my chicken fresh from George.Buy it and love it
I have tried this as a dipping sauce as well as a marinade for grilled steaks (1 1/2 inches thick - prime cut).  Both were excellent!  As a dipping sauce, the sweetness is definitely counterbalanced with a bit of bite!  As a marinade, the habanero component was barely noticeable, but the overall flavor greatly enhanced the meat and was a definite hit (no leftovers :))  I will definitely be buying more of this sauce!!For folks who like a little spice in their lives, I highly recommend this sauce!All the best,Jay
I got this sauce because it sounded interesting. When it showed up I gave it a little taste on it's own. I didn't like the taste of it that way, though I could tell it could be good if cooked in some way. It sat in my fridge for a few weeks, because I couldn't think of how to use it or what to use it on. I was at the grocery store when I saw a sale for Turkey kielbasa. I figured I'd give it a try. My Wife cooked the kielbasa in this sauce on a frying pan. It was awesome. I highly recommend this, and I will purchase it again in the future.
I've been drinking ginger tea with honey, lemon and a bit of cayenne pepper to soothe my sore throat for a few days now.  Today, I have been given a combination of flavors which supplant that tea  in the form of Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce.  I'm a big fan of their Razzpotle sauce and LOVE heat, mango and/or ginger, so this sauce had my name written all over it.  It exceeded my expectations, I'm thrilled to report.  I first tried it simply out of the bottle on a spoon with a few Williamsburg peanuts while I made dinner.  I found that the combination of flavors actually stimulated my appetite, so I began working my way through the fridge.  Now I mentioned that I've had a sore throat, so I wasn't feeling too creative.  I prepared a Morningstar corn dog in the toaster oven and enjoyed it dipped in this thick sauce.  Mango pulp delivers not only rich flavor but a thick consistency which works perfectly in this dipping sauce.  The habanero peppers give it a little kick right up front but don't linger for me or burn any areas of my mouth at all because of the sugar and honey.  The ginger blends with mango and if I could change anything in the recipe of this sauce, I'd add more ginger for the earthy heat it delivers and entirely remove the sugar.  I then remembered a cheese log a la Martha Stewart's recipe was living in my cheese bin, so I poured a little sauce on the pistachio encrusted cheese and it was an improvement to an otherwise unremarkable creamy cheese concoction.  Cha-ching, another winner -- add a piece of fruit, a salad and it's a simple lunch for tomorrow.  While brewing another cup of tea, I put a dollop inside the teacup and it was better than adding the honey and lemon.  Although it contains habanero, it wasn't hot enough, so I still added the cayenne.  Finally, I churned a glass of fresh carrot juice with a piece of fresh ginger and half apple, then added a little bit of the sauce.  Who would have thought that the sweet heat would heighten the flavor of this fresh juice?  I did and I sure am glad I used it with abandon.  Tomorrow is another day, so if I'm feeling better and have the energy to actually cook, I'm going to mix the sauce with a little soy sauce, garlic and coconut, rub it on a black cod steak and grill it for dinner, maybe with a nice risotto.  The Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is a new staple in my household and I'm certain to share it with my closest personal friends.
I really enjoyed this sauce.  I worried at first that anything with habanero would be far too spicy and/or overpower the flavor of whatever I used it with, but this one has just thr right mix (in my opinion) of kick and flavor.  I tried it with lamb chops, which was outstanding.  After that, I got adventurous and tried it with a burger.  I just brushed it on while grilling, and that is where it really shined!  Seriously, if you buy this, try it on burgers.  I know the label doesn't recommend it for burgers, but it was really great!I would definitely buy this again.  As a note of taste, however, if you are someone who finds Tobasco sauce too mild, then this is not for you.  If you always pick the fire sauce at Taco Bell, then this will likely bore you.  If, however, you don't generally gravitate towards the mouth blistering spices, give this one a go.  Don't let the habanero scare you.
Received ourFischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Saucejust in time, as I had picked up some fresh shrimp, and was anticipating trying out this product. We were already familiar with theRazzpotle Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Saucefrom the same company, and since this was a favorite of ours, were interested in seeing how well it might stack up.First impressions: the label calls it "Sweet Heat", and that's about right. Opening the bottle and taking a sample taste, I tasted the nice balance between the mangos and the ginger, then felt the gentle kick of the haba&ntilde;ero peppers, which aren't too overpowering. Took a second taste, and read the bottle and saw that the ingredients listed mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider vinegar, ginger, haba&ntilde;ero peppers, and spices. Noted that the second ingredient was sugar, and not high-fructose corn syrup, which seems to be the sweetener of choice in so many sauces today, and that made it worthy of mention.Thought about grilling the deveined shrimp as an appetizer, but then decided to make the two-pound batch as the main entr&eacute;e, with refried beans as our side dish. They were grilled for a couple of minutes on each side until they were pink, with the tails left on. We then squeezed some fresh lime on them while they were cooking, and they were ready. Removed the shrimp from the grill, put them on a platter, then squirted some more of the lime on each. The Mango Ginger Haba&ntilde;ero Sauce was used for dipping, and they were excellent... and none were left when we finished.This pourable sauce isn't as hot as anticipated, as the flavor of the mangos and ginger was predominant. The haba&ntilde;ero peppers added a nice, mild zing to the overall taste, and I've already anticipated using this sauce on smoked salmon, sushi-grade tuna, or perhaps grilled chicken breasts. It seems a bit sweet for beef, but might be good on pork chops - we'll see.If you want to try this sauce, don't be too concerned with the reputation of the haba&ntilde;ero pepper. It's not overpowering. On the other hand, if you a bit more heat, then you might just add a few drops ofTabasco Habanero Sauceto kick it up to your own personal taste.Looking over the offerings from this company, thought that we might also try a simple appetizer with the medium-hotSalsa A La Charra, mixing it with sour cream and fresh guacamole, then spread on some corn taco chips. It might be the perfect starter for another Texas-style meal.This Mango Ginger Haba&ntilde;ero Sauce isn't too spicy, and is a nicely balanced blend between the mangos and ginger with the haba&ntilde;ero peppers. Highly recommended for those who haven't yet tried a product in this category and are looking for something that's just a bit different.&iexcl;Salud! Enjoy!
My husband drinks this stuff! That's not what it's for, of course, but pour it over ice and he swears its good. I think its best as a basting sauce. The mango flavor mixes well. The ginger I thought stood out a little bit.
I wasn't entirely sure what to expect with this sauce, but the flavor sounded promising, and it was nice to see that the ingredients are all natural.I ended up trying in on some baked chicken, and was really surprised by the flavor. By far, it's the best sweet and sour sauce I've had, and the habanero gave it a sharp (but completely enjoyable) finish. If you're in to Asian fusion cuisine, this is definitely a must have for you.One thing that's particularly important to pay attention to, is that this sauce is meant to be a finishing or dipping sauce. The consistency is relatively thick, so it probably isn't going to work well as a marinade (though I initially thought that's what it was).The price initially got me thinking "Wow, that's the only thing that will keep this from being five stars", but when you consider what a decent BBQ sauce costs, the per-bottle price is actually pretty reasonable when you take the ingredients in to account.
Mango Ginger Habanero is the third flavor of Fischer & Wieser sauce that I've tried and it just keeps getting better and better. The Mango Ginger Habanero has a strong base of fruit flavor and sweetness and that distinctive "bite" of habanero. The ginger is more in the background and adds a great Asian note to the sauce. I like my food spicy and for me the heat in this sauce is on the milder side, but if you aren't used to a-lot of heat you may find this on the "hot" side. We slow roasted a Boston butt and then pulled the meat. We then tossed the hot pork in the sauce......Great!
Although it has Habanero in the title, this is not a hot sauce.  It is a sweet sauce with a touch of spice.  Excellent as a condiment or a cooking sauce (seet and sour pork) or even on salads! It is excellent over fish and as a dipping sauce.  Highly recommended.
I am not sure who thought up this delightful blend of ginger, the queen of oriental flavorings, with habanero, the absolute king of hot peppers, but it was truly a match made for the palate. This sauce is fantastic as either a marinade or as an add-on sauce for fish, in particular, as the delicate ginger flavors provide the snap to the spicy crackle of the subtle habanero zing. Thankfully, the habanero's presence is kept at the minimal heat-inducing level as this most-powerful of all the chiles can easily overwhelm ANYTHING with even a half-teaspoon's worth. Ginger can also overwhelm the palate, so kudos to the folks who made this recipe both reasonably spicy but also thoroughly palatable.
Mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers and spices are combined in this sauce to produce a sweet, thick, mildly hot flavor.So far, I have used this sauce on oven baked chicken legs, brushing it over for the last ten minutes of baking time. Delicious! Then, I did the same thing when broiling ham steaks. The result was yummy as well.I plan to try in next in the crockpot, over some frozen meatballs, as they re-heat.The flavor isn't exactly "sweet-sour", but I imagine it would also be good on frozen egg rolls.It has a tropical taste to me (the mango) and I didn't find it either too sweet or too hot.Overall, it's a very nice finishing sauce!
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I first tasted this wonderful sauce, but I surely didn't expect to like it this much!  The overriding flavor in the sauce is mango.  The mango and ginger combine to give it just the right amount of sweetness, and the habanero peppers give it just enough kick to make it interesting (but not too spicy).  I mix this with teriyaki sauce to make the perfect oriental sauce.
This sauce is perhaps put to best use if you're lucky enough to be married to a Cordon Bleu chef, but if your palate craves a new experience and you can imagine yourself wanting to taste something that's a little sweet, a little hot, and with a lot of flavor, I say try this sauce.  Cindy used it as a marinade for fish and chicken, then we tried it for dipping little lumpia.  It's a little flavor explosion!We didn't try it for this, but if your taste is more french fries and chicken nuggets, I'd wager it would improve them as well.
Did you know:Jethro Bodine (Max Baer, Jr.) from the Beverly Hillbillies is a partner in Fischer & Wieser Specialty Foods?Fischer & Wieser make The Original Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce?Fischer & Wieser is the maker of over 50 varieties of jams, jellies, mustards and award winning gourmet condiments?So what does the stuff taste like? It is literally an even blend of mango, honey, apple cider and ginger with just enough Habanero pepper sauce spice to zap your taste buds. I like this more than the Raspberry Chipotle and I don't like mangos. I have used it barbequed over salmon and chicken. I've even put it on Ritz crackers, but too much can be too spicy. Its one of the few sauces that I've actually enjoyed with my food and I generally am a puritan when it comes to sauces or spices.
I loved this sauce. It was both sweet and tangy, without too much heat. The flavors were perfectly balanced for my taste.It's thick enough to use as a dipping sauce, or as a brush on/baking sauce. (I really liked it mixed on shredded chicken for taco night!)
Wow! I REALLY LIKE THIS STUFF. But then I like things sweet and spicy (not always together, but in this case it works).How best to describe it? Honestly, it's kind of like a runny mango-flavored marmalade with a spicy kick to it. They suggest it as a dipping sauce or "finishing sauce." I might also go with using it as a marinade. Actually the first thing I thought of was that this would make for a kickin' peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It's about the right consistency and sweetness.So, yeah, I guess that tells you how sweet it is. It's about like jam or a marmalade. It's made with plenty of sugar and honey as well as mango pur&eacute;e. The Habanero pepper definitely gives it a spicy kick. It made my nose run. A good dose of pepper usually does. Probably the capsaicin in it.I don't usually eat peanut butter anymore. But I might just have to go get some and try this stuff in a sandwich with it. Let you guys know how it comes out.This is a keeper! If you haven't tried it, please do! Wow! (Addendum: It's even good on plain ol' toast; just my opinion. Yum! Need to get more...)
Let me start out by saying this stuff is gooooooood......It's all natural, no preservatives. That's a great start. It's also VERY tasty, with just the right mix of sweet, hot and spicy.The mango ginger flavor is quite good, balanced nicely with the hotness of the Habanero peppers. It's an excellent blend that sends mixed and pleasant sensations through the tastebuds.I had some leftover boneless pork chops, when reheated, were a little dry. This sauce had arrived that day, and I thought, what the heck. I had broiled the chops with seasonings and Worcestershire sauce originally, but as I mentioned on reheating the next day they were a bit dry. I poured some of this sauce on my plate, and dipped the pork in it a bite at a time.The first thing you taste is the sweetness of the mango, with the ginger closely behind. As you sit there marveling at the flavor, the habanero kicks in, not too hot, but enough to make  you sit up and take notice.I will be getting more of this, and trying out other varieties as well. You can get this, and be sure of getting what you pay for, it's great!
I used this as a marinade for chicken. It cooked well and did not burn even at a higher heat.  The mango, ginger, and habanero blend produced a very well rounded flavor with a nice kick of spice at the end of the bite.The sauce is a wonderful beginning.  When I use it again I may add frozen mango chunks or pineapple.  It would be a great base for a stir fry.  It also stands well by itself.
The big question with this sauce, of course, is how Habanero is it? Habanero is quite hot and so anything with it is expected to also be along the fire-breathing experience.It's not that habanero.  Instead, they seem to have found a great balance for those of us who like a bit of warm, without the warm taking over all the flavors.  I'm not the sort who likes hot, hot, super hot sauces.  They burn away the taste buds and leave everything only about the heat.  So, I've not been desensitized.The first taste is that of mango, in fact, a sweet and fruity flavor.  Then there is the ginger, a subtle flavor that comes out as the mango mellows.  Over the course of a few seconds the heat begins to rise, not very much though. Just enough to give a nice amount of punch.  I'd rank this someone between a weak medium hot and a mild hot. It doesn't overwhelm either in heat or flavor, making it a great sauce for whatever suits your fancy.The ingredients are quite refreshing.  No hard to pronounce words. Made in Fredericksburg, Texas with:  mango puree, sugar, honey, apple cider, vinegar, ginger, habanero peppers, spices.  That's it.I'm quite pleased with this and would definitely buy it again.
I used this sauce (at the table) for Easter Sunday Dinner. I put it out along with my Henry Bain Sauce (an 1888 recipe -- home made) and everyone initially tried both. In the end, the guys went for the HB Sauce (it has bourbon in it) and the gals gravitated toward the MGH Sauce.This fine finishing sauce is sweet and tasty -- it really is the perfect complement to roasted pork, either loin or shoulder roast. I'm certain that it would serve equally well as a nice condiment for grilled chicken (not BBQed).Few commercial sauces are as terrific as this one.
Who needs restaurants when you have a sauce THIS good to use at home? Fischer & Wieser are known for quality sauces, but this might be my favorite. The mango and ginger flavors compliment each other nicely, and just when you think it's too soft the habanero comes in and bites you in the tongue in the best way possible, creating a flavor combination that's just as good as any similar sauce you'll find at a wing joint (but so much cheaper and better at home). Not overpowering by any means, but it provides just enough kick to satisfy someone like myself who loves spicier foods. Highly recommended, just make sure you have plenty of napkins on hand and try not to get any in your eyes or you'll be feeling it big time!
I cooked salmon in this sauce as a glaze and then added extra when served. It is soooo delicious that it should almost be mandatory to sell it w/ every salmon purchase! It is just the right amount of heat and sweetness for me. I think as more people try this flavor it will become the best selling over the raspberry (also excellent for pork). Of all the 5 flavors I've tried, this is now my favorite. As a health benefit ginger not only has digestive aid properties but also acts as an ant-inflammatory agent. So eat well and stay healthy!
First, lets start the ingredients.  No preservatives, nothing more offensive than a little sugar.  Just what it says it is!The taste- wonderful.  Sweet, nice sweet ginger flavor, just a bit of a bite.  Unless you are super sensitive to heat, don't worry about the Habanero!  There is just enough to add a touch of bite and wonderful flavor.We put it on beef and chicken.  it would be great on fish or pork or anyplace you want a little mango/ginger flavor.  It is said to be a dipping/ finishing sauce, and I am looking forward to using it with Lumpia.Well worth a try and I don't say that very often
Fischer and Wieser mango Ginger Habanero sauce has a delicious taste,not too hot or too sweet, just right for my taste. I cooked a large ham steak in the oven covered with this sauce and it was outstanding. I added some to my chicken curry sauce and it kicked it up a notch. I had visitors drop by and used the sauce to cover an 8 ounce cream cheese block and served with some crackers. Every one liked it.It is a delicous,versatile item to keep in your kitchen. It is so easy to use, just open and pour andyou can make your cooking taste like a gourmet cooked it.
Four and a half VERSATILE Stars!! Fischer & Wieser's amazing pourable sauce is something that can slightly alter the taste of favorite dishes and foods without overpowering them and make them deliciously different. I've been pouring it over many dishes. It can create a very nice alternative to the usual on fish, chicken, beef, pork, or as the secret ingredient in finishing sauces, adding a sweet mango taste with a muted ginger accent and a spicy but not hot after-taste. I've tried it on Indian, Asian & Mexican dishes, egg rolls instead of sweet-sour sauce, on casseroles, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, tuna fish, burgers, buffalo wings, barbeque chips, fries, rice and beans, and it works well everywhere. It totally rescued a bland curry chicken/rice dish and made it delicious. The label says it's a staple sauce in Latin America. Put this in the fridge next to the sweet and sour, salsa, and plum sauces: it may become the first choice: fat free, 35 mg of sodium, 13 grams of sugar, & 13 grams of carbohydrates per 1 Tbsp serving. "Sweet Heat", indeed. Pricey but a bottle goes a long way. HIGHLY Recommended. Four and a half APPETIZING Stars!! (21.5 oz bottle, refrigerate after opening.)***UPDATE: When my sample bottle ran out, I bought a six-pack: this sauce is good!***
The Fischer & Wieser Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce is absolutely wonderful. The sauces ginger flavor is subtle and sweet with the habanero peppers adding a brilliant flavor and gentle hint of heat that lingers on but never overpowers your culinary dishes.This sauce is good on everything from chicken to fish and at only 50 calories per serving you're not breaking your diet every time you use it.It is extremely versatile and works great on the barbeque, as a marinade, or straight out of the bottle. You can even use it to make a lovely vinaigrette salad dressing to kick your salads up a notch.This sauce is something you and your family are sure to enjoy - mine certainly did!I also recommend Fischer & Wieser's Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce which is equally as good but has a sweeter flavor.
I try to cook salmon twice each week and sometimes it gets painfully boring, and sometimes I don't have time to cook my own sauce. This is the perfect sauce because it's different from my typical balsamic vinegar/garlic/brown sugar based sauce. I wish it had a bit more kick from the habenero but my husband thinks it's the perfect balance of sweet and kick. I am generally not a big fan of the mango by itself but it is a perfect compliment to the ginger and spice. I also like the viscosity of the sauce, especially for salmon. I have used it with our grill, with the fish both wrapped in foil as well as unwrapped.
This sauce is really good, sweet with some heat, it's perfect for chicken on the barbecue. The mango ginger flavor is really good, but with a kick of habanero too. I liked this sauce, and would use it again if given the opportunity. This bottle contains 21 ounces of pure genius!
You know I love my English Breakfast (see my earlier 5 star review of Twinings English Breakfast) -- but my greatest delight is Earl Grey tea -- with its deep, smokey, heavy (but not burdensome) mysterious wonderful flavors that linger hauntingly on the tongue and bring sublime moments of joy into a grey day (no pun intended). Steep it long enough so that all the flavor intensity is in your cup (or tea pot) Drink it straight, with no sugar -- OR-- sweeten it to bring out even more of its wonderful flavor -- AND for a special treat, add cream or milk or soy milk-- your Earl Grey will take on a "Chai presence"!!! Either way, Twinings Earl Grey is a tea to look forward to time and time again.Lady Grey was new to me, and yes it is a bit lighter and not as intense as the Earl himself, but Lady Grey is still very very good -- notably so.Irish Breakfast is a tea that may make you break out in song -- it is robust and delightful, clearing up "morning fog" in a hearty way.This is a very good variety pack, IMHO, to keep on hand at the office when having panel meetings or board meetings -- or just in the "break kitchen" for folks to enjoy when they are want a tea break!! Wonderful flavors and aromas like these can't but help to make people sit up and notice, and make a sometimes dull work-day (or...ahem...meeting) more enjoyable.
I enjoy black tea blends over any other. I don't drink coffee, so black teas takes the place of it. Many variety packs have a selection of herbals, blacks and green teas. Thankfully Twinings offers us this variety pack of wonderful black teas.The Teas:Irish Breakfast:I love this blend. I have always been a fan of Irish Breakfast. If your new to the tea, don't let the name and green packaging give you the impression there's anything minty about it. It's a straight black tea (typically 100% Assam teas). No sweetness or flavoring of any kind. This is typically taken with sweetener or has milk added to it to taste (like straight black coffee). I personally enjoy it without anything added, and drink it black. Because of it's caffeine content, I prefer drinking Irish Breakfast in the mornings. It also goes great with meals since there are no strong flavors/aromas to overpower the taste of ones food.English Breakfast:Much like the Irish Breakfast tea, it is also a blend of black teas without flavors added. However, there are usually several black teas blended together (most common Assam, Ceylon and Kenyan) to produce the flavor of English Breakfast. The information of the exact leaves blended is not offered as information from Twinings, saying only that it is a blend of black teas, but those are the usually ones. While not as bold as the Irish Breakfast, it is still a strong tea that is typically accompanied by milk or sugar.Lady Grey:A milder version of Earl grey, very subtle citrus flavors have been added to this blend. By no means is this a fruity tea, as it is just a tiny hint of flavor. Not nearly as aromatic as the Earl Grey blend, this Lady Grey has a much more delicate taste.Earl Grey:Bold, aromatic and memorable. Most tea drinkers can pick out a cup of Earl Grey no matter the brand, and Twinings blend is no different. An unmistakable presence of Bergamot can be found, but is not so strong to be off-putting. Fans of Earl Grey will find this a medium strength blend, just enough to know what your drinking, but not the strongest on the market. A nice tea for afternoons and evenings.
I drink iced tea like it's going out of style... I'm always searching for the perfect tea that will hold up to being unsweetened and this Orange Bliss tea from Twinings is a winner.  I found it originally in the grocery store but it's no longer being sold there so I buy it on bulk from Amazon.  If you're looking for an orange flavored, black tea then this one is for you!
I usually buy Twinnings Lady Grey & Earl Grey tea at the store, but they always have a limited stock, if any at all... I found it easier to buy it from Amazon (6 boxes in a carton). And since it's one of my favorites I make sure I have plenty to share w/ my co-workers... Coffee is okay, but when you need a moment to relax and take a breath, Twinings Tea is the way to go...Lady Grey & Earl Grey flavors are perfect...  not too light, not too heavy. I have try other brands but the flavor and strength is just not the same....Brenda
Twinings has out done themselves with their decaf breakfast tea. Delicious hot or cold.  It is the perfect warm tea to complement any meal.  It is not strong or tasteless, it is just right.check out my photos of my October breakfast with this tea. Blue an dbrown yard eggs, Yuca has with spinach and delicious Irish Breakfast tea with agave.I prefer mine with a little agaveMadhava Organic Raw Agave, 46-Ounce
Darjeeling is one of my favorite half-dozen teas that I drink regularly, and Twinings is consistently the best brand of Darjeeling that I've found. Traditionally, Darjeeling teas are classified as a black tea, although the manufacturing process technically results in a form of oolong. Either way, it's a great light-bodied tea with a wonderful aroma and a musky spiciness sometimes described as "muscatel," after the muscatel grape.I brew Twinings Darjeeling in a Mr. Coffee machine that I use only for tea. It's not too fussy about water temperature or brewing time. I like drinking it straight or with a few drops of lemon juice, but it holds up well with a bit of milk and sugar (or honey).Darjeeling is truly one of the world's great teas.
Too often I find black teas develop an unappealing bitterness, but that is not a problem with this lively decaf tea.  I had every intention of ordering the decaf Earl Grey because I love bergamot, but my order was hijacked by an unleashed desire to try something new.  Most decaffeinated beverages produce a different flavor and strength from their unprocessed counterpart, but the full mouth flavor remains intact with this tea.  It is a combination of black teas and nothing else, no flavorings, no additions, and this is a wonderfully satisfying beverage for a purist.  The bag which is like the "flo-through" Lipton bags I remember from years ago is attached to a white cotton thread which appears to be knotted at the bag and the paper tag and there is no metal staple.  Each bag is in a fully sealed smooth paper pouch which is also biodegradable, another advantage.  I thought Twinings used light paper envelopes, so that was a fantastic surprise which I appreciate.  I have drunk it with a Splenda but intend to have it with skim milk as well tomorrow.  It was perfect with Trader Joe's Orange Cardamom cookies.  I'll definitely enjoy drinking this tea and recommend it highly, especially to drinkers of peaty Scotch beverages like Laphroaig.
Twinings was founded in London, England in 1706, and has a long and respected tradition of producing only the finest of teas. This selection box contains four of Twinings&#8217; best teas &#8211; Earl Grey, Lady Grey, English Breakfast and Irish Breakfast.Earl Grey, black tea flavored with oil of bergamot, is widely respected as an excellent all-round tea. Lady Grey is a blend of all oriental black teas, Seville orange and lemon peel, and just a hint of Bergamot, its Twinings&#8217; excellent new blend. English Breakfast tea is a mixture of black teas from Sri Lanka, which are blended to produce a smooth yet flavorful tea. And Irish Breakfast tea is a mixture of Ceylon and Assam (black) teas, well-known for its strong, malty taste, which does go great with breakfast.And that&#8217;s my review. If you want a selection of fine black teas, teas that are sure to please any palate, then this is the product to get! I love Twinings&#8217; excellent teas, and give them my absolutely highest recommendations!
I tried this tea because I notice that Horace Rumpole and his wife Hilda seem to enjoy it on a regular basis.  They are fictional, but the tea is not!  I have found it to be very pleasant.  The aroma is unique and the taste is quite rewarding. Decent caffeine content as well.  I have found that making it the proper English way, in a pot with boiling water works best.  I have also made it in my cup and used (gasp) the microwave.  Either way, I am now drinking it daily and have laid in a large supply.  I also enjoy Twinings English Breakfast Tea and plan to try other varieties  of Twinings as well.  Their web site is very informative and entertaining.In the meantime, I shall pop in a Midsomer Murders DVD and happily sip my Darjeeling.
I drink decaffeinated tea all day, and am always running out.  I have tried all kinds, and received a sample of this Twinning English Breakfast tea in the mail.  I loved the taste, and so ordered in bulk here on amazon.  Now my family decided they want to drink tea, so I have to buy it in bulk and I hide some from them!
If I had to point out a flaw in this variety pack, it would be that there's no light flavor (i.e. green tea) to round out the mix. Short of that, I can't imagine anything I'd complain about with this mix.English Breakfast: Strong, dark, and goes well with a dash of milk if that's your thing. A solid way to wake up, any day.Irish Breakfast: It's hard to say this blend tastes lighter than the English, but it makes you feel lighter. Great with a full Irish breakfast, the Irish blend really makes you happy to meet the day.Earl Grey: Twinings brand actually bears the seal of the (or, an) Earl of Grey, and it is probably the best Earl you can get from a bag. Great for any occasion, especially for Star Trek nerds like me who can't help but chuckle and mumble "Earl Grey- hot" with every mug.Lady Grey: A remarkable inclusion, Lady Grey is based on the Earl flavor. Whereas the Earl tastes of deep orange, the Lady has a very light dash of lemon. Lady Grey is an excellent and complex treat, good for relaxing or just plain enjoying your tea. Lady Grey is light and aromatic, without being a gimmick tea like so many other brands are willing to push. This is a serious tea, and yet it still has a sense of fun.This mix has it all. You've got your strong standby flavors that are great in the morning (English and Irish), you've got a great anytime flavor (the Earl), and a superb treat flavor (the Lady). Short of making the jump to looseleaf tea, you just can't find better flavors than this.
Twinings Orange Pekoe has for years and years been my go-to tea for iced "regular" tea (and by regular I mean not fruity or herbally or flavored). It has a gorgeous, gorgeous color and a flavor that seems to brighten with ice. And it's great hot with some milk or cream. When I'm sick, I go through boxes of this stuff and it's a comfort beverage for me.However, I stopped buying it for a while. After the box design changed, I twice got batches that were, no other way to put it, tasteless. I mean, nothing. Watery tea. Crappy iced tea. Flat, not rounded and rich. I was heartbroken and went in search of other teas. Even went back to reliable old Lipton.But recently, I went to an Italian market, saw it on the shelf, and on impulse tried it again. It was back to being great. So, I got this 6 box supply here for a decent price. I'm back to my happy, happy iced tea experience.I don't know what the heck went wrong with the tea that put me on a Twinings hiatus, but that was weird. I see someone else on here (Rebecca Bryant reviewer) had a similar experience. Huh.Well, it's good now. :D Yay.
This variety pack of Twinings tea has four flavors.  The Lady Grey is my favorite, hands down. It makes delicious iced tea.  It has a crisp, clean taste.  The other three flavors are good also.I use only two bags to make a pitcher of iced tea and it's strong enough with just the two bags.  This tea can be found locally, but costs much more than the Amazon price.  This is my second purchase of this item.
If you think teas is just for when you are sick, you are saddenly mistakenIf you think decaf tea is "weak", I urge you to try again with the Twinnings Irish Breakfast decaf. This isn't a herbal tea that tastes like your neighbors' old grass clippings. This is real tea.This tea has a rich, strong flavor without bitterness. It has a more robust flavor than Twinning's English Breakfast, which is also quite good. This tea is quite good in the morning as a wake up for those of us who have to avoid caffeine. And of course it's great at night because it doesn't have caffeine to keep you up.I recommend everybody and anybody to try this tea. It is yummy.
I love Earl Grey tea, which is black tea flavored with oil of bergamot orange. So when I saw Twinings' Lady Grey I was curious. This is also a citrus-flavored tea, including bergamot but also more traditional orange and lemon flavors. The result is a tea with less of that unique bergamot bite and more of a traditional citrus flavor. Still, it is a much more complex flavor than just plain old tea with lemon.I still drink Earl Grey, but this tea is great for a change of pace. It is delicious hot, but I usually drink it as an iced tea. I use two bags for a large pitcher, and let it cool off for a few hours before pouring over ice. Fantastic!
Teas such as this Lady Grey are the reason that Twinings is one my favorite tea brands. The flavor is lighter and more delicate than the often overpowering Earl Grey, with none of the tannins and acidity of Earl either.What is left is a smooth easy drinking tea with hints of citrus and a light floral flavor. Quite excellent on a hot summer afternoon with a bit of lemon, or sweetened with just sugar.
Mallomars consist of a graham cracker circle, topped with a dollop of marshmellow, and covered with a thin coat of dark chocolate.  They have the flavor of Smores with the satisfying texture of biting into a cloud of happiness.  Really.People who like these a lot hoard them when they are available (winter months) so they can enjoy them year around.I think they are pretty fine myself.  They arrived fresh and in good condition so I'm giving them 5 stars and a chocolatey grin.
Marshmallow on a cookie base, covered in chocolate. Whoever thought up Mallomars came up with a real winner! How can you go wrong with that combination, plus the expertise of Nabisco making them? The answer to that obvious question is ; you can't!  One of the best treats around, hands down! Very well packaged too. They were very fresh, something that is vital to any treat in general but especially one with marshmallow. Stale marshmallow is NOT good!  The only problem I had with these is that I could not leave them alone...until they were gone!
I can remember getting these in my lunchbox as a child.  That was the only good thing about going back to school in the autumn.  To bite into the rich, decadent, chocolate shell to find the crisp cookie and fluffy, creamy marshmallow was a looked for treat.I'm glad to see that they haven't changed the recipe too much in the last thirty years.  I don't have any complaints or problems with this product, except the box seemed to empty too fast.
Just like you remember them as a kid...chocolatey goodness!  Love the marshmallow center!  These are a family favorite.  Unfortunately, the chocolate was a melted mess since the box sat on our front porch for a couple of hours, but the taste was still great.
I confess I did not know anything about this brand and wow, the cookies simply vanished when I opened the package at home. The dark chocolate was very good and the whole experience more than favorable!
I loved Mallomars as a kid.  The slightly overwhelming smell of the choclate when opeing the package.  The gooey, sweet marshmellow filling and the crumbly graham cracker bottoms.  Yum!  Well, it's all still there.  They may be a tad sweeter than I remember (or my palate has matured) but still as delicious and satisfying as ever.
I remember eating Mallomars as a child, but have never seen them in the supermarkets in recent years so it was a great pleasure to obtain them through the Vine program.  They taste as good now, 50 years later, as they did when I was 10.  Wonderful marshmellow, smooth chocolate made it hard to stop eating after the first two, but calories do count so I asked a friend to keep them in her apartment so I couldn't eat the entire box.
The box for this time-honored product contains the interesting tidbit that 70% of Malomar sales have traditionally been in the NYC metropolitan area.  So, for those of you in the mid south wondering what the heck is a Malomar, here ya go:  It's like a Moon Pie.  Only with darker, richer chocolate flavor, more marshmallow, and less crumbly cookie.  And that's a good thing.  Go for it.
These cookies are absolutely delicious! I'd never had a mallomar before, but had seen them all my life. I've been missing a treat. It's sort of a like a s'more but not quite (and a lot less messy). The packaging allows them to stay reasonably secure rather than all smashed together. Definitely will buy again!
Mallomars Pure Chocolate Cookies are delicious! Tasty chocolate on the inside, and an equally tasty cream filling on the inside. Pour yourself an ice cold glass of milk, sit back and try not to eat the whole box in one sitting.Brian W. Fairbanks
Who wouldn't like these??They are fresh, soft and just so yummy.The chocolate is nice and creamy, rich and very fulfilling.  Ladies,  you know when you get that craving for chocolate?  Well, 2 of these will do the job.These cookies only lasted 3 days in my house.We are big fans and I'm actually going to order more of them.They are a nice small size and perfect to flip into your mouth!Wonderful product
Mallomars have been one of my favorite sweets for years. I have always liked the combination of marshmallow and chocolate--delicious every time. The addition of a cookie adds even more to the taste and texture. They have a decadent--but not too rich--soft chocolate taste that leaves you wanting more.For cookies, they aren't terribly unhealthy. There's no cholesterol or trans fats, and they have pretty low sodium (40 mg). They do, however, use high fructose corn syrup--though it's not as high in the ingredient list as in many other sweets.They got a little shook up during shipping, so about four of the eighteen cookies crumbled apart; the cookie separated from the marshmallow topping.We went through the box in three days--I'm surprised it lasted that long.If you haven't tried these classic goodies, get some now--you'll be hooked!
These cookies are SO good!  They're like a S'more...only in a cold cookie.  Marshmallow, piled high on a graham cracker like cookie, and then wrapped in perfect dark chocolate.  Yum!  These are difficult to find in stores in the Western part of the country, but I snatch them up when I find them.  They tend to separate where the cookie joins the marshmallow when shipped (this box did, anyway).  They're still delicious and picking the bits out of the tray and popping them in my mouth is a guilty pleasure...but if you want to have a plate of whole cookies (for presentation purposes) I'd look for them locally rather than having them shipped.  There aren't many in the box (18), so that makes them a rather expensive cookie, but they're worth EVERY penny!
This is an excellent seasonal cookie that has been around for almost 100 years. It consists of  a small cookie topped with marshmallow and then covered with chocolate. I enjoyed the cookies and agree with the other positive reviews here.There are a couple of concerns having to do with how these cookies are handled and stored.Fragility - the cookie part of the Mallomar is quite fragile. The sample I received was shipped in a bubble-wrap package. At some point, something heavy was on top of it or dropped on it. That's how almost half of the cookies were crumbled. Regular shipments would be packed in cartons, but this is definitely something you want put in at the top of your grocery bag.Chocolate Bloom - When stored in warm conditions, real chocolate will "bloom."  Some of the cocoa butter will separate and migrate to the surface. This results in what appears to be a very thin light-colored coating on some or all of the surface. It is generally held that this is a cosmetic issue which has no effect on the taste of the chocolate. The sample I received had chocolate bloom and a few of the cookies were sticking together, definite signs that they had spent time in a warm environment after leaving the factory (it was unseasonably cool here the day they were delivered). This may be one reason that this is a seasonal, cool-weather product.Neither of these issues have to do with the manufacturing of the cookies, so I don't think they merit any stars off. They are something to bear in mind whether you're buying them online or at a retail store.
I was not a fan of marshmallow cookies but this one is different. The combination that works for me is the dark chocolate covering, combined with the graham cracker bottom. Good stuff!!!!
Available only in the Fall and Winter, Mallomars are a seasonable favorite that fans snap up when they are on store shelves, often refrigerating or freezing them to snack on when they aren't available in stores. Mallomars consist of a round graham cracker, with marshmallow on top, and then covered in pure chocolate (the chocolate is the reason Nabisco gives for only selling Mallomars in the Fall and Winter - they claim the chocolate will melt on store shelves or in transport during the warmer months). Two cookies equal 120 calories.Although we don't go so far as stockpiling them, Mallomars are a favorite in my family. The combination of chocolate, marshmallow, and graham cracker is perfect. Although the marshmallow is by far the most prominent taste, it is not overwhelming. The chocolate is delicious and the graham crackers are nice and soft. The cookies have a nice light taste, so they don't sit heavy in your stomach (they are round and about the size of a silver dollar but very satisfying). I also like the fact that they aren't loaded with calories or cholesterol (the saturated fat - serving size two cookies - is 15% Daily Value and the sodium is 2% Daily Value).Mallomars are a delicious seasonal treat.
I was excited to try this cookie because Billy Crystal's character calls it the "best cookie ever" in the iconic "When Harry Met Sally," which is one of my favorite films ever.The cookie does not disappoint.  It's rich with chocolate, gooey with marshmallow, and crunchy with vanilla sandwich cookie on the bottom.  Messy, lots of crumbs and pretty darned good.  A Mallomar is a terrific treat for late-night snacking while watching Turner Classic Movies.Recommended.
When I saw these, I just knew I had to get them. I loved them when I was a child growing up in New England and they were a special treat that my mother let me have several times a year. I actually bought them through college and I don't think I have had them since. I moved around the country, and these were one of those items that isn't available in many regions, so I sort of forgot about them.I tore into these when they arrived and savored every one of them. My wife was a little put off that I wouldn't share, but she was understanding when she realized that I hadn't had them in years. They are just as I remember them. The chocolate gently coats the marshmallow and cookie. The flavor mix is perfect. It is sweet, but not so sweet as to be cloying. All of the ingredients work in perfect harmony.If you have never had these, give them a try, as they are fabulous. I know I will be ordering more soon!
This was my first taste of a Mallomar although I have heard of them for many years, I don't remember every seeing them before. I thought the chocolate covering was a bit to dark and bitter as my preference is for milk chocolate. My husband however, likes dark chocolate and wolfed the rest of the package down. So how you feel about these cookies, would depend on how you like your chocolate.
I've never had a Mallomar before, much less a Pure Chocolate Mallomar before yesterday.When I took a look at the box, I expected these to taste like a S'more... but... they are in fact so. much. more. My teeth break through the hard chocolate coating like an icebreaker cruising through the arctic only to encounter a bright white marshmallowey tastiness in the center until ground is broken through the graham cracker crust in the bottom. The chocolate tastes more dark than milk, and the flavors blend into an intense flavor mosaic that is definitely memorable.I don't know why I haven't tasted these before... but I'm glad that I have and will be happy to eat more!
I remember eating Mallomars as a child. It was a delicious treat then as it is now. The sweet chocolate coating over the cookie base with the soft marshmallow center is heavenly.The problem is that a serving size is two cookies and that's 120 calories or 3 Weight Watchers PointsPlus. I can't stop at two cookies. Once I start eating them, I want the whole box. Maybe that's why my mother stopped bringing them home when I was a kid.
These are really good.  The chocolate is dark and strongly cocoa.  When you first open the box you'll think, "Is this all I get?"  These are mouth-size treats that can be nibbled, or popped into your mouth.  They are so rich though, you really are satisfied after just two.  The only bad thing I would mention is they do not last very long after being opened.  Mine sat on the counter (inside the box but the cellophane inside warp was open) and after several days...the cookies tasted stale.  May not be a problem in your house if they are devoured in a day or two.  Good stuff.
I'd never had these before, which is amazing considering how much I love marshmallows! These are basically a marshmallow sitting on top of a graham cracker crust, then dipped in chocolate. I found the chocolate coating to be inferior and waxy tasting, rather like the cheap "chocolate" covered Easter bunnies. The crust was falling apart on all the cookies and each one separated when it was lifted from the package. Not good. This is not a product I will buy, although I like the concept. If the chocolate was higher quality, they could be quite tasty!
I remember seeing Mallomars in the supermarket when I was a kid.  My mom wouldn't buy them.  She said they were too expensive.  She was counting every penny, and she was right.  There are only eighteen cookies in a package, and budget-conscious parents really couldn't afford them.  Still true today.I did buy them once I was on my own, to satisfy my curiosity.  I liked them, but I was counting pennies, too, so they were a rare treat.  Actually, it's been years since I had Mallomars.  My husband does our grocery shopping, and he'd never had them at all.  They certainly weren't on his radar.They are now, though.  The cookies - no, they're not cookies.  Well, they have a wafer, but they have a dark chocolate coating, and that's candy.  They have marshmallow too, so they're a sweet snack.  Heck, if you have two or three, they're dessert!  Anyway, my Mallomars arrived with a fat bloom.  They got warm somewhere, and they could have had bloom if I bought them at the store, I mean if my husband had bought them!  But they were not stale, they were wonderfully fresh.  And they taste a lot better than I remembered.A delicate wafer is topped with marshmallow, and this combo is thinly coated with chocolate.  The wafer and marshmallow practically melt in your mouth, a blast of sweet.  Then the surprisingly intense chocolate hits, and lingers on your palate.  Mallomars are simple, yet surprisingly sophisticated.If only they were available all year, and didn't cost so much.  And Nabisco tempers the chocolate so it won't bloom so easily; it doesn't hurt anything but it's a turn off.  Then I'd rate them five stars.  Oh, and so would my husband.  You should have seen the look on his face when he tried his first one!  And he's very picky about store bought cookies.Edit:  Recently I purchased a four-pack of Mallomars from Amazon.  Well, heads up, there is no bloom on these cookies!  Every single cookie looks and tastes like it just exited the Nabisco bakery.  I took them to work; they didn't last till lunch.  So, I would advise waiting till the weather is good and cold before buying Mallomars.  Then make your grab.  I may buy more and stock up.....  I'm glad I got the opportunity to try these again in the Vine program.
Ok - I have to admit, I'd never had a mallomar before. I know, they've been around longer than my grandparents - but this was a first for me.Um - YUM! The chocoholic in me loved the rich dark chocolate (very flavorful). It has just enough marshmallow and the cookie was perfect, not to dry or crumbly.These are packaged well and even though the box was dented when arrived, none of the cookies were damaged and they tasted very fresh.
Yes, C is for cookie, but Mmmm is for Mallomars, and that's good enough for me! I used to love to eat Mallomars when I was a kid growing up in New York City. I hadn't had one for years--probably decades--till I ordered a box through Amazon.Look, it's not whole grain, it's not nutritious, it doesn't have pomegranate juice or aai--probably not even enough antioxidants from the dark chocolate covering to protect the heart of an amoeba. But it is good.I decided that when I did my taste test, the first thing I would notice was whether it had a "pure chocolate" taste or not. After all, it's printed right there on the box: "Pure Chocolate Mallomars." I expected to get that chemical aftertaste of highly processed chocolate you often get in lower-priced products. I have to say it was a good, pure chocolate taste. I tasted the chocolate, I felt the familiar squish of the marshmallow in my mouth, I felt the slight crunch of the base-layer cookie, swirled it around in my mouth (little or no chewing necessary), and then gulped it down.Not satisfied that I had actually done the taste test justice, I decided to try it again.Same thing. Good tasting for a little snack. I had to try it just one more time just to make sure. Yep, it was still good the third time.Recommended, but not nutritious. The one complaint I have is that about 4 or 5 of the cookies had split during shipping, somewhere along the way. The bottom wafer had come apart from the covered-marshmallow part, either mostly or entirely separated from the larger part of the snack. They should figure that one out. Although it still tasted good, I think people like to see their cookies intact when they open the package.
Mallomars are my favorite cookie. But mail ordering them has its problems.I love the combination or dark chocolate, marshmallow, and cookie that is a Mallomar. The taste combination is wonderful. Like Oreo sandwich cookies, aficionados tend to develop ritualistic ways of eating them. Do you nibble off the chocolate dome? You do bit through all three layers? Do you pull off the cookie bottom first? Any way you eat it, Mallomars are a great cookie.Ordering them mail order is not the best way to get them. They are a fragile cookie and are very temperature (heat and cold) sensitive. The ones I received were fresh, but a little banged up. The slight white coating on the chocolate typically means they were subject to cold. They were not melted at least. Melting kills a Mallomar, which is why they are not sold during the warmer months.If you can't find them locally (they are seasonal and regional), then ordering them makes sense. Otherwise, it's best to buy them locally.
Having these makes me feel like a kid again. I remember in the fall searching the grocery store waiting for them to come out again. The stores did not carry them in the summer because the chocolate would not hold up.  I don't know about now, maybe they have come up with a way to sell them in the summer or not. I was very happy to get these at Amazon. The cookies were a little crumbled from the shipping like it had been thrown around. but that is not the cookies fault...they were still yummy.the graham cracker like cookie is great (not to much not to little) the marshmallow is large enough and melts in your mouth. The chocolate is like heaven and is perfect.While it may not be for everyone this is the ultimate cookie in my opinion!!
Mallomar cookies are a large-sized cookie. When placed in the palm of your hand, the cookie feels like a pillow. After taking a bite, you will believe you just ate a little slice of heaven. Extremely fresh, not dry, impossible to eat just one! A must have!
There's something so fantastic about a giant marshmallow on top of a cookie and covered in chocolate. Each one is pretty big and fluffy, but be warned you get about 18 per package and they go QUICK! You really need self control with these!
Not bad. Not bad at all! These cookie are a real blast from my past, being a graham cracker base, with light, whipped marshmallow, and covered in delicious dark chocolate. Indeed, they are a blast from everybody's past having been introduced in 1913!They are very delicious, and much better than other marshmallow cookies that I have tasted. I like that the marshmallow is nice and light and whippy, and I think that the dark chocolate goes much better with the rest of the ingredients that milk chocolate does. Yeah, it's a great cookie, and I highly recommend it!
Mallomars were a staple food in my family for decades.  When I was young my father would hide them in a high cupboard and dole them out on an "as needed" basis.  So this review is going to be a little biased but accurate.Mallomars are a round chocolate covered marshmallow topped kinda graham cracker cookie that is only available from October until the supplies run out.  They are delicious without being sickeningly sweet or mushy. They can be enjoyed with milk, coffee, wine or any other beverage you like.They are often imitated, but they beat all challengers every time.
A friend introduced me to Mallomars in the 60's, and it was love at first bite!  There's something inwardly satisfying about a delicate, crumbly cookie, topped with tasty, fluffy marshmallow, that is completely covered with a thin coating of delicious chocolate.  Is it any surprise that Mallomars have been pleasing the palates of cookie lovers ever since 1913?Mallomars are pretty good nutritionally:  two (2) cookies have 120 calories (45 calories from fat), 18g carbohydrates (1g from dietary fiber, 12g from sugar), 1g protein, and only 40mg sodium.  The sodium is negligible, if you're on a low-to-moderate-sodium diet!To me, these cookies taste completely "real" or "natural", because they don't leave any artificial chemical aftertaste. The main ingredients are sugar, chocolate, cocoa butter, milk, and vitamin-enriched flour.  However, they also contain processed chocolate (processed with alkali and soy lecithin), high fructose corn syrup, and palm/palm kernel oil, so you shouldn't buy them if you're concerned about your intake of either high fructose corn syrup or saturated-fat vegetable oil.  There is no cholesterol.The odd thing about me and Mallomars, is that I love them even though I don't like plain marshmallows or chocolate-covered marshmallow eggs or bunnies.  It must be the marshmallow filling recipe and the cookie base that makes the difference.This listing is for four (4) boxes of Mallomars with 18 cookies each.  Probably it's best to order Mallomars only in the winter months.  The cookies travel pretty well, but the chocolate coating is thin, and it can melt if subjected to high warehouse or delivery-truck temperatures.
I've never had Mallomars before but being a fan of s'mores, I figured that I'd like these just fine. These are really delicious and a perfect snack. I'd like to see them around all year, they're that tasty. My only complaint is that the ratio of chocolate to marshmallow is a little small, but that's just being nitpicky. Tasty treat!
It's really for those who love chocolate, who love marshmallows, put those together and you get Mallomars! It's a delicious combination of flavors, you get the milky chocolates, very thin layer but just enough to cover the gooey white marshmallow feeling inside. And there's a bit of light crispy/crunch to the chocolate layer too...so it's a good bite, you will want to savor the taste in your mouth a bit :) Let it rest on your tongue and taste the soft textures.I've never had MalloMars before, but heard of them and am glad to finally have tried them, very yummy taste! It's great with something to drink, like milk :) Definitely a treat for those days you're getting that sweet-tooth feeling! I don't know about the calories or sugar factor, but it's a wonderful bite of yumminess!A+ Recommended
Somehow the kids had never tasted them, so the eldest naturally chose the sample from Vine.  They all loved the chocolate/marshmallow ratio and the sticky quality of the cookie.
I've never had Mallomars before.  I live in Wisconsin, and do not know if they make it all the way over here.  The only time I ever remember hearing the name before is in the Simpsons episode "Hurricane Neddy" when nice-guy Flanders finally snaps and cusses out the whole town.  Upon getting to the portly Police Chief Wiggum he says, "The only case you've gotten to the bottom of was a CASE OF MALLOMARS!!!"I assume by what I've read that they are a fall only type product, like the McRib.  I am also informed by the box that they are a New York kinda thing.Regardless, I'm glad Vine gave me the chance to try them, because they are SO GOOD!!!The crunchy dark chocolate coating over a marshmallow lump and thin crunchy cookie gives a s'mores like experience that truly satisfies.An excellent snack.  Buy a box today.
The temptation with a mallomar is to critique the one as three, the cookie and then the marshmallow and then the chocolate, as if three cookies stepped out of a bar together, and were in fact Larry, Curly, Moe, rather than the three stooges of cookiedom.To see the mallomar as parts, not a whole, as separable, like the Oreo, as split into segments, is to diminish the mallomar.  This is philosophical reductionism, the sort of analysis that leads a sloppy thinker to believe that a material element explains the spiritual, that science explains experience, that what a man thinks encompasses what a man does.The mallomar stands athwart these modernistic tendencies with a traditional meld of flavors, a completeness.The headline of this review was written during a weak moment, a moment when a nibble was made, the edge tasted, and the chocolate found exceptional.  This shallow and specious moment, I preserve in the headline, to show that fateful reduction in essay form is a failing, unlike in the making of a sauce, where reduction is a tool.Mallomars cannot be reduced.  They are one, and the best way to eat one is to take a larger bite, to get marshmallow, cookie, and chocolate in a grasp and a gasp of flavor.Long live mallomars!.  As a midwestern person, I often cannot find them in my grocer, and this is a shame.  A shame.Even better with milk.
I haven't had a Mallomar cookie in at least 30 years - probably more like 40. Most foods that we enjoyed in our youth lose some of their appeal when we taste them again years later. That's not a worry here. These were as good as I remembered them. The milk chocolate shell is sweet and brittle, the marshmallow is soft and deliciously firm, the graham cracker is flaky and crisp.Like some of the other reviewers, some of my cookies were separating from their graham cracker bases. This didn't affect the flavor.I don't let price affect my rating because prices can change over time, sales come and go, and your idea of value may not be the same as mine. However, the current price here, which exceeds 20 bucks for 4 boxes, seems extreme.
These cookies have a nice wafer with a marshmallow on it covered by a semi-sweet dark chocolate.All of the ingredients are fresh and they are excellent.  The cookie is not too sweet- just right.  The product packaging says that these have been around since 1913.  I, of course, have no way to judge what they were like but then, but I can't believe they weren't great.I was really impressed with the product, as was my family.
The mallomars cookie is just the right size, not too large. The real chocolate gives it a great taste. A cookie with marshmallow, cookie and chocolate, you gotta love 'em!
I love these things. They are delicious. Basically, they're s'more cookies (graham cracker topped with marshmallow coated in chocolate.) They are a little small, but very thick, about the size of three Oreos stacked on top of each other. They also fall apart; the graham cracker base separates from the marshmallow top very easily. Also, the graham cracker part is crumbly. I wouldn't recommend eating these things on the couch.The taste is phenomenal. It's definitely got the processed food tang, but it's a very small evil among all the good. Buy them. Even if you don't like them, someone in your family will.
When first taking a bite of Mallomars, there does not appear anything unusual about this pure chocolate-coated cookie.  But once knowing about its 90 year history with the Nabisco Company, it is a cookie filled with not only a marshmallow and bottom cookie wafer and outer chocolate covering that was indeed a precursor to the now all too familiar s'mores concoction.  And most importantly, this is a cookie that has filled the memories of many with much indulgence and nostalgia.After opening the box in which the cookies came in, I noticed one major difference with this package of Mallomars, it no longer contains the nice yellow wrapping that needed to be torn to get to box's opening and rather replaced by a simple plain yellow box with the regular cover design with the trademark name, picture of the cookie, and nutritional facts on the back.  Despite that difference, it is the cookie that matters and its semi-dark sweet outer layer and fluffy marshmallow filling that may satisfy one's sweet tooth.  And it is highly recommended for anyone seeking an alternative to the chocolate chip cookie or ginger snaps.
so when I got a chance to try them through the Vine Program. Not a huge marshmallow fan so I wasn't really expecting to like them. Wrong. Loved them! The combo of chocolate, marshmallows and graham crust is delicious. I ate four that first day. Such a different sort of cookie than I have ever tried.So happy that I tried them. I don't eat many cookies. Will buy these again.
The Mallomars arrived to the great joy of my kids and wife.  I personally do not like marshmallow cookies, and think S'mores are often really messy but a traditional campfire necessity.All my kids enjoyed the cookies and thought they were wonderful.  I did try one and it had good flavor, and nice crisp cookie but I couldn't get past the marshmallow center.  However, don't let my aversion to the fluffy white stuff interfere with your snaking pleasure.  Grab a box or two and enjoy, I'm sure you will not be disappointed.
Yes, I should have hidden these from my son. He couldn't get enough of them. I couldn't be too upset since it was his first experience with Mallomars. There is just something awesome about the combination of textures and flavors.So yes, I knew I liked this before I bought it. But it's been years since I've eaten them. I have to confess I like them better than moon pies. Not something I'll be saying next time I visit family in Texas. But these are a lot less heavy handed and just right.Fun food. If you like crispy cookies, marshmello (ms?) like filling and chocolate, this is a cookie for you.