Bought this charger for my /android phone -- seemed to begin charging, the light on the charger flickered and then stopped working!! Worse, the amazon marketplace seller wont respond to requests to retrun product. BEWARE!!!
You want a speaker with a Cobra on the front right? Well do NOT order this one. What you get is a speaker that looks like the s300. You do not receive what is shown. I am highly disappointed in this purchase. I ordered this for the fact that I need it and what is shown is the one I wanted. If I just wanted a &#34;plain&#34; looking speaker I would have continued to use my old one.
I'm not sure how the speaker works because when I tried to connect it to my Cobra MRF75 Radio it wouldn't fit. There is a 90 degree connector on the speaker cable that will not insert into the radio without an additional adapter or cable extension. Poor design on Cobra's part.
This item is not what was shown in the picture.  It was totally different.  When I buy something, I expect to get what is shown in the picture and not what the seller wants to send me.  They showed a item and sent a totally different item.  If that isn't a bunch of crap, Then I don't know what is!
Not what I expected it looks nothing like the pic I bought it to hook my scanner up at the race track and I was very disappointed I couldn't hear anything and I have to know when to go out for the sprint cars very disappointed
I've had many in the last 30 or more years... I expected something good,  This is not.  Poor sound quality said everyone every time I keyed the mike
I received this amp some time ago, wired it up and was greeted with the nastiest hum that I've ever heard come from anything.That was shortly before the main fuse blew out on it, there was obviously a short somewhere.I know my wiring is good, because the amp I pulled worked great, and sounded pretty good, even if a little light on the bass.I sent it back to the company, where they "tested and fixed" it.  When I put it back in my Jeep, I was greeted with the same hum, and horrible distortion, only thing is, this time it didn't blow the fuse, so they at least took care of that.  Once again (for my peace of mind and to make sure I wasn't going nuts) I got hold of a friend of mine, and used his 1200 watt amp for a little while.  It worked with no buzz.  This time, I didn't bother sending it back again as the warranty was expired, so now I've got a doorstop that looks like it could be an amp.
This CD player is terrible.  The first 2 weeks it worked great.  After that it started to skip on CDS that have never skipped in anything else and are not dirty or scratched.  Also, the other reviewer mentioned that this does not play CD-R's or CD-RW's - it doesn't.  It will show you the total tracks like everything is great and then when you press play, it skips, stops or just plain doesn't play.  I will be returning mine as soon as possible.  I cannot believe wasted almost 200 dollars on this thing - I will be returning to my Sony products.  Do not buy this item!
This is genuinely the worst device.  I am on my third one, having returned the first two after they didn't recognize that there were CDs (no matter what kind) in the unit.  The second time I returned the unit, the manager saw me walking in the door, and didn't even ask me for a receipt or anything.  It was like she knew what was coming.  Obviously, these get returned a LOT.  Now, my third one is doing the same thing.  Says that there's no CD in the system even though I've tried everything.  Even went out and bought a brand new CD to see if a new one would work.....nope, nothing.  Well, it looks good!  I don't know if I even have the energy to take it back to the store!  Please, don't buy one of these!  I don't want everyone else to go through this.
The problems with this stereo are primitive, defects that I would have expected 10 years ago from a generic brand. I thought "maybe it's just me" and planned on exchanging it but now that I'm here, I can see I'm not the only one! I've had this for a weekand already the remote does not work, I have it sitting right in front of me on my computer desk and it still doesn't respond on the first few tries. Also, CD-R's don't read!!! It either skips a lot or doesn't even read, even newly burned CD's and I tried 4 different CDR brands including IMATIONS and Sony.I haven't tried the audio-in, audio-out, or headphones so I can't attest for those qualities. Sound is AWESOME for FM radio stations and original CD's. It really does "fill" the room with sound. However, I'd much rather have a stereo that reads CDR's!!!! Plus, the long term investment may be risky. If this thing fails to read CDR's, how long until it fails to read original CD's??? Brookstone is a cool store but this quality falls FAR below their standards in quality. Going to return it today.NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
The sound quality is great as advertised, but the display is terrible.  You have to be within 4 feet and at eye level to see the display so you may not know what station or track you are on.The remote sucks.  It reminds me of the old TV remotes where you had to be pointing it directly at one spot on the tv.  If you use it in your office and have it hanging on the wall, beware if your phone rings, it will take several seconds to find the correct location for the remote to mute the sound, it gets very frustrating.Finally the audio out did not work.  I hooked up some wireless headphones from Brookstones to the back Audio out, but they never worked.I have purchased a lot of items from Brookstone and do believe they have some real good quality products.  However, on this item they have failed miserably.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt that I just received a bad component on the Audio out, but the display and remote are items they should have noticed before putting this product on the market.  My recommendation, do not buy.  I am returning mine.
I am in the process of sending my unit back for the THIRD time.  For the same issues.  It isn't playing ANY CD's now, says there is no disc.  I have returned two others for the same issue.  The sound is great, but the CD player really has issues.They are agreeing to give me a "credit" to use in their store, but I'm acutally a bit reluctant to purchase anything from Brookstone due to the issues I have had with the Acousticlear unit.Not worth the money for the issues and shipping charges I have incurred for shipping 3 units back for defect issues that are their issues not mine!
I have now owned this system for about two years.  The first 18 months or so I encountered the issues referenced in other reviews: loud clicking noises when the CD player read CD's, remote stopped working after a few months, etc.  Given that I use my system to provide background music in the office, I could live with these faults.  During the last 2-3 months, however, my unit now stops midway through a CD and dies (at which point I have to power it down a few times before it will MAYBE read 2/3 of a CD again before dying).  In sum, this is a terrible product.
There are a number of "10 or 12 meter" radios like this that are meant to be converted to CB band use. They are all horribly overpriced. The folks who buy them are sort of want-to-be hams who feel they can't pass the license exam. But now that Morse Code is gone, the license exam is pretty easy. And the fact is that you can get better ham radios, both new and used, for half the price of this Galaxy.
This radio is not legal for CB use and you need to have a FCC Amatuer License in order to legally purchase this radio. If you operate this radio you may get away with it for a little while, however WHEN you get caught you will realize that it was not worth it. The fines are very expensive. GF.
If this radio is not approved by the FCC, then anyone who transmits with this radio is in violation of the law and is subject to fines and imprisonment. If anyone who is a licensed Amateur Radio Operator and transmits with a radio which is not approved by the FCC, then he/she is also subject to fines and imprisonment. No licensed Amateur Radio Operator will acknowledge anyone transmitting without a license on 10 meters or any other Amateur Radio band. Be careful; the FCC and licensed Amateur Radio Operators are listening and there are means to locate anyone transmitting illegally.  Remember....THE LAW IS THE LAW!
This radio is illegal for use in the United States--either as a Citizens Band unit, or as a single band amateur transceiver.  It is not type certificated for either use by the FCC, and is considered an "Export" model for sales and use outside the US.The intended purpose of this radio is for illegal power output on the Citizens Band Channels (as clearly evidenced by the channel 40 and frequency clearly visible), and illegal "freebanding" in the frequencies between 11 meter CB and 10 meter amateur band.N4PRT
This radio is way over priced. You can buy this same radio new in the box as low as $399.00 on other sites. If your going to spend $500+ on this radio you might as well spend it on a HF radio instead like the alinco dxr8t or the ICOM ic-718 you'll get way more for your money than this non FCC type accepted "export cb radio".
The DX-929 is only a 40 channel radio, I wanted a single side band radio.  I had to get RMA return the 929 for a 959.  Now I am very happy with the new radio.  I had to pay a little more for the DX-959, but it does what I want and now I am happy.  Great service and no problem making the exchange.  Just remember the DX-929 is not a single side band radio the picture shows a radio with single sideband but it is wrong.
Put the CB radio in my truck after it set on set on the counter unopened for a month to find out that it didn't work.to late to return it now I'm stuck with a $130.00 paper weight.
PYRAMID AND PYLE AMPS ARE THE SAME MFG. and look the same exactly for each type made. I had (2) of the 80 watt and (1) 200 watt x2 amps and all were overrated in power and performance. They both have an internal safety shut off if it detects anything unusual. the problem is it shuts off a lot for no reason and takes awhile before it can be turned on .I dont recommend these amps at all!
This amplifier stopped working after the first use. To return it for repair on warranty would have cost almost as much as the item cost. I was disappointed. Save your money and buy a better system.
Mounting brackets not compatible with infinity speakers.Looks Ok.Had to wire to speaker.Why speaker maker no make cover for their speaker?
I do not recommend this product. It causes entirely too much signal degradation, reducing the a/v quality of a DVD to that of a VHS. Spend a bit more and get a decent Y-adapter if you want to retain more of the original signal.
dont buy this its junk it sounds awful and i think a car stero could blow it plus it says sony nothing more needs to be said
I am unable to fairly review this product as buying it did me no good for my intended purpose. It might be OK but I would research other antenna systems instead of piece-meal with this thingie.Suggest a 102" steel whip with a heavy duty spring and ball mount. IMHO cannot do much better.
Everything this company makes is so cheap. Im wondering if this stuff is actually US made or chinese! This spring is rather weak.
Worthless paperweight.  Antenna would not screw into this thing, nor would it screw into the magnetic base that I purchased to use with it.  The thing has no value for me at all.  The screw-in components seem to be too big to accept the antenna and base that I have.
Junk. Bought it and mounted with a Firestick antenna on the rear of my Jeep. Got it mounted and went out on the trails. Within 5 minutes (no joke) from the antenna being pushed back from tree branches it developed a permanent 45% angle in the spring. Now instead of standing straight up, it tilts way back to the rear. When I go anymore than 30 MPH the antenna is pretty much sticking straight back from the rear bumper. I never post reviews on here, that's how dissatisfied I was with this crap 'heavy duty' junk.I
This spring is no where near heavy duty. i can be going 55 down the high way and my little whip antenna is bent back level with my bed... so much for &#34;heavy duty&#34; i have a 4 foot antenna
Spring flexes much too easily causing a loss of ground.I do not recommend this product to anyone with anything but a small antenna.
not all functions work can only play the radio... no tapes or cd's work...cd is stuck inside will not realease
Be suspicious of any car radio without a volume control knob.  This machine has a handful of tiny buttons and is nearly impossible to operate while driving.  When the factory radio in my 1998 Toyota Sienna died (after 7 years), I replaced it with this Kenwood and immediately regretted the decision.  Half the time that I wanted radio preset 1 I hit the adjacent CD eject button by mistake.  The factory radio had separate AM, FM, and CD buttons.  The Kenwood has a SRC button that you have to press repeatedly to change sources.  It is much less direct and requires you to take your eyes off the road to see what source is displayed on the front panel.  Most of the front panel space, by the way, is given over to a bizarre light show that is unrelated to the music.At night everything gets far worse.  The button labels are even harder to read.  The LEDs don't dim with the factory dimmer so the Kenwood becomes by far the brightest and most distracting thing in the car.My unit failed after one week.  Driving the car over a pothole would result in the sound cutting out and sometimes staying out until the car hit a few more potholes.There isn't much choice in double-DIN land but Pioneer makes a unit with a volume knob and I am going to try that one next...
I'm very frustrated with the product because it didn't come with instruction on how to program the item.  I rated it with one star since I can't use the product to give it a decent rating. :(
Sorry for late responsed, I have try this product it doesnt work or program not match.
No support.  All emails to support unanswered.  Is dingotel even in business anymore?  Their digital certificates authenticating dingotel via SSL  seem to have all expired.  I prepaid some money for the +dail option to terminate calls to landlines, but the dialer does not work.  Not pleased at all, and out of patience with the product.  I would like my money back
I want my money back! This device can't connect and the company does not support it, no reply to emails sent.I would give it 0 stars but I don't have that option
Just putting this up to reinforce the other review stating the same info. DO NOT BUY THESE! I just ordered from Cabella's without looking here first. Wish I would have looked at Amazon reviews as I usually do and I would have saved some time and effort!
Want to use this product ? Forget it ... No company web site, No server for their software, No support and No information what is going on with Dingotel company !!!Very disappointed !!
The receiver worked fine, for 10 months, then died.  Shipped to Pioneer, took 6 weeks for replacement.  Pioneer sent a refurbished model that died 15 minutes after the re-install, with all of the problems of the previous reviewer.  A call to Pioneer to ask for expedited return, told no way, what was I thinking?  Fair product, worse customer support.
Though it's been years since I was a line tech on consumer electronics (before chip components and just after the Beta vs VHS debate was resolved) I can still read a schematic and solder. Getting this to work?  It didn't happen.I went with the straightforward Metra wire kit and had my new radio on and tested in under an hour (yep - I bought it as insurance and I'm GLAD I did!).I wish I could get a refund.I can't in good conscience recommend this.  If your replacement radio has an output of similar ratings than the OEM, just use the Metra kit and you'll be good to go.
I got this amp to push my dual 12inch terminators. Everything was great, I was already to be blown away by my bass but then my amp didn't work. We tried everything to make it work. I finally sent it back and put an extra $70 into a new amp. Hopefully Hifonics makes a better amp. Luckily they took it back no problem.
Very bad so under power my speakers did NOT move. There's no way the peak is a 1,000 vary bad would not buy again
Doesn't hit lows and put to much power to it turns straight to protect mode. And it's really small not what I expected
Got this with a package  deal with Rockford Fosgate Prime R1L-2X10 Double R1 10-Inch Pre-Loaded Enclosure and the boss wire kit; sub-woofer is great, but the amp did not last a week!
I purchased this amp and attempted to use it for the fisrt time 2 months after purchase and it didnt work at all.
Tgis product sucks it did not work I was so upset I had to buy a brand new one at the audio shop costing me more I didn't even care for a refund just threw it away
I have to turn of my cd player every 5 minutes to prevent amp from over heating even with subs all the way down. Real cheap amp avoid at all costs
Cheaply made, but more a problem with quality control.Switches on unit prevented unit from outputting???? Cheap switches!They don't call it arctic for freezing
Amazon review are so easily faked these days it's just SAD. HERE IS THE TRUTH ABOUT THIS AMP:  it sucks! It's utter garbage. This amp will ony make 1000 watts if lightening strikes it. A friend of mine bought this exact amp and asked me to install it. A brief moment of my qualifications to comment on this amp:In my 2004 Infiniti FX45, I have a Kicker ZX700.5 and Hifonics Zeus ZRX1500.1 pushing 3x3in coax, 2x6.5in component, 2x6.5 midbass, and 3x8in CVR subs. It's all controlled by a Carputer running Windows 7 with a 7in touch screen, and factory unit relocated to a custom-built factory-style enclosure where the sunglass holder used to be, and powered by an Optima battery with a 4 Farad cap. I also have the factory Bose 2x5in sub enclosure connected to an old MTX amp with a power relay and switch in the spare tire space, for those days when the CVRs have to come out to provide space in the car. I know how to set up a nice system.NOW, to describe this garbage amp! First off, if you've ever done more than one or two cars you will know just by holding it how cheap this amp was built. It's lighter than most head units, and rightly so, considering this junk barely puts out more power than most factory head units do by themselves. After assuring my friend that the amp is trash, and he is wasting his time, I installed it anyway per his request. I was right. The amp was connected to 2 Cadence 6x9 midbass speakers which were originally connected to his head unit. They were indeed a bit louder, but not even REMOTELY close to pushing these drivers. JUST FOR FUN, I took my old school MTX Blue Thunder 752 amp out of my car (The one I'm using for my factory subs as mentioned above). It is rated at about 40Wx2@4ohm. With [supposedly] much less power, they drove those speakers MUCH harder than this!Unfortunately, the reason he insisted to install the amp anyway was because he bought it from a Fleabay store that only offers 2 week return policy. He put it on Craigslist for $40. He asked me to pick an amp for him, so I just got him a Hifonics ZRX500.2 and ran only one channel to both speakers, leaving the other channel free, which I will run to his 4 interior speakers at a later date. The new amp DID cost $100 vs $50, but it absolutely pounds now, and since the other channel is free, he won't have to amplify his interior speakers!The moral is SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME for something better. This amp is utter crap and unless you want to feel remorse like my friend did, buy something else.
i hooked up my 2 kenwoods up to this piece of crap and it sounded worse than a dying whalethis amp barely even is 200w MY CHEAP @$$ BOSS HEADUNIT could drive my subs betterneedless to say as soon as i hooked it up and tuned it, it sounded so bad that my buddy hooked me up with an eclipse amp and now my subs hit how they were meant toonly buy this fartblower if you dont give a damn about your money or subwoofers
The seller is a five star seller but the product was brand new an  had a short in it so there for it kept shutting off every thirty seconds thinking it was overheating.
I choose this for the great price. It was nicely packed and looked new.I have worked in a car auto shop for 6 years and know the smell of bad electronicsThis amp is and was fried right out of the box. Now its going to cost me more to send it back?Junk&#34;
it always goes into protection mode and it does not even push 1000 watts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its just not good, i threw it in the trash.
no not buy this amp its not worth it my sister got it and it already gave out she only had it for a day pyramid stuff sucks!!!
I was skeptical of this product at first, getting many mixed reviews. I wish I would have done more research because once I found out that wattage doesn't mean a damn thing, I was kinda pissed. The RMS is where the true  quality lies. And if you read the specs it says 50 watts RMS per channel, which frankly sucks. It has no business being hooked up to my two 12s, maybe one it could do a little better with just one 8. I just doesn't perform as everyone said it did, therefore I'm not sure what product they purchased, because it sure as hell wasn't this one...
This amp is no way pushing 1k watts. Its barely around 600watts. Not to mention it overheats wayy to fast and is very lightweight. Save your money and go with something a little better even if its more pricey but better than to waste your time and money returning it and all. I am no Sound System pro, But iknow a little, In my opinion its not so good of an amp. Hope it helps someone.
well my order was placed on 24th of NOV 2011, it was supossed to reach CPS miami DIC 1, i called there and they told me  that it wasen't even there, i want to know where is it , or my money back or i'll proceed legaly , i expect an e-mail back soon , im really angry because that was suposed to be my on Christmas gift for my car, but it's 19/12/2011  and i dont have  it yet, so this is my review .
Shipping was great and on time for Christmas. Had to wait for a warm day in hook up. After getting everything installed and wired the green light came on and then just faded away. Would only come on after unplugging the low inputs. A true let down for my son.
I installed this item professionally and it does not work. I would like my money back and I will return the item.
Again, look at the rms watt rating, it amazes me people believe "1000watts" and il say it again, for this price go to walmart and buy a dual amp. they are a solid brand. crutchfield endorses them, and they dont sell pyle pyramid or boss, becuz its crap. I made the mistake of trying these amps, and got junk. i hooked up a 50$ dual amp, and its been flawless for months.
i got it at frist it was nice tell i drove about 20 miles lissaning to the music when it just shut off. at first i thought it was nothing. i tried every thong i moved it i put a fan on it nothing worked. i keep using after a week it died would not turn on. it is a peace of crap dont buy it. im not one to write bad reviews but this was bad.
I bought this amplifier for my brother in Law for Christmas and when he finally tried to install it the amo did not even work and because it was passed the return date it was waste of money!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This amp sucks. Dont be fooled where it says 1000 watt.... Not even close. Im guessing you get 150 watts rms whiled bridged.
this played all of 15 seconds then nothing I thought it blew my sub but it wasthe amp itself. I've never seen any thing like that & I was a audio tech for 5 years this one is one to stay away from.Now I have to wait to order another"thanks for nothing" amp.
Why do these people have to lie to sell amplifiers , right when you open the box there is a paper on top says "Warning not 2 ohm stable" shows speaker hook up wrong way and right way  I would not of even purchased it at all if I would of known that then there is the watt issue when are they going to regulate the specs on amplifiers like class D Drivers side is louder than passenger thought my indoor speakers came unhooked took door panel off and checked could hardly hear sound so I switched RCA's L with R passenger was louder then and like most amps there is no R & L balance on the amp They need to have a 0 (zero) star for products like this, trying to sell with no luck
Once I hooked up the amplifier it crashed.  I waited approx 20 min also lowering the volume and bass the system played for about 15 min then crashed again.  The amp is 1000 watts and so are my speakers it seem that the amp would be compatiable unless the volume is very low which isnt what I expected.  I would like a full refund of the amp and will return item.
complete garbage i hooked it up to my 2 american bass dx 12s and had it almost the whole way down and it blew the amp after only a minute or two.. do not buy.. spend the extra money and get an audiopipe 1500 watt their maybe 70$  more and are awesome amps
this is a very good product to add when you have will buy this product again if I was adding sounds inside of another car
I got the amp and i give the only star for delivery speed. very fast. i hooked it up and nothing happened. double checked, triple checked etc. nothing. its a cheap amp. not innexpesive. cheap
I was working fine for only one 3 weeks after it was not working I check all fuses there are fine
I am glad it shuts off before over heating and burning out, but after about 35 minutes of using it, it will shut off? The green &#34;power&#34; light didn't ever turn on from the begining, but then after some use the &#34;protect&#34; light comes on and i can cook some eggs off the top.It should not be this hot after such little time, and its quite annoying only having it work for the first bit of my drive to work..
looks to good to be true right? well its true. i got this amp in the mail 2 days later, and there were screws missing, and gave no audio output to my sub what so ever. i will never get anything from this seller again.
Read some pretty positive reviews on this, but i purchased one and it was complete garbage.. don't buy it won't work to connect to power 2 subs 10' .
I got it quicker than the estimated date, awesome, hooked it up sounded great with my kicker. Then all of a sudden, I got in my car one day and the amp won't turn on, checked ALL of my connections, all perfect. It's definitely the amp, I guess that's what I get for buying cheap garbage on here. I haven't even had a month. Lesson learned.
THIS PRODUCT WAS A TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY LIKE REALLY NO WONDER WHY IT WAS SO CHEAP AND IT WAS TAKING MY COUSIN SO LONG TO FIX MY SYSTEM B/C THE AMP SOUND FOR THE SUBS TO PLAY DIDNT EVEN WORK AND THAT WAS MY FIRST TIME USING THE AMP BUT WHOEVER MADE EM AND WHOEVER SELLING IT THEY LUCKY THIS TIME B/C I SHOULD RAISE HELL BUT ITS ALL GOOD IM NOT GONE EVEN WORRY ABOUT IT IT WAS JUST OF WASTE OF MY TIME AND EFFORT BUT ILL KNOW NEXT TIME
I bought this amp because I saw couple good reviews on it, and I was extremely disappointed. You don't find out until you get it in the mail that it only puts out 50 watts per channel. You can barely power a set of after market components with it. It doesn't even weigh as much as its shipping weight. It only weighs about 2 lbs. It works as cheap as it costs. I would not rec-amend buying thing for anything but a pair of 150 watt subs.
well i got this amp a week ago and alll i can say is wow im running it in my room and i redid my power supply and now when i hook it up it shorts my power supply out at first i thought it was my power supply so i got another one and wow guess what it was the amp alll i can say is wow my amp wont turn on cuz in my opinion the + and - connect some how and the remote works fine and the- is but when the + goes on it shorts out i hope i can get a new one
This so called "1000 Watt" amp is huge piece of junk. You can tell how powerful an amp is by looking at the fuse on it and seeing how much power it can actually put through. This amp could barely power 1 10" sub, and the max power at 4 ohms is actually about 50 Watts. Don't be fooled by sneaky manufacturers who lie about the capabilities of amps!
Uh, I bought this about 2 days ago. Very happy about the shipping, got here super fast. However, I'm pretty sure my 250 watt mono amp hits so much harder then this. I'm actually 90% sure i'll end up returning this shit. Easy set up, but I might just get my money back, and put a little more for a bit better.
i bought this amplifier just becuase it was cheap, and it is CHEAP, first one didnt work out of the box, sent it back got a replacement, worked for 2 days something went wrong smelled like something was burning, so i shut it off and it never worked , so i got my money back, what a WASTE of time, my suggestion is, atleast put a lil more money into the budget not sayin u need buy like a 2-300$ amp, just not this one..
This was the worst thing I can buy it does not have the power and it sucks never again I will buy a amp from here again
Came in, i installed it correctly, i know it was b/c ive had another amp hooked up with the same wires for a year with no probs, worked for about 2 hours, i used it to power 2 12inch JL subs, it worked great wile it did! excellent sound. but ill never buy another pyramid product again, i returned this item.
This unit sucks the lifeout of batteries and after they reach a voltage of about 1.25 volts it stops firing which is speak for working. If you take the plug in reciever out of the unit the batteries will stay charged but the downfall is that once they do reach 1.25 volts the radio is again toast. God Bless , dave
I bought this thinking that I could use my XM radio in the car and outside the car, which worked great for the first month.  However, what they do not tell you is that the cradle in the Belkin is not the right size and eventually ruins the connectors in the Roady to the extent that it no longer works.  I wish I had known this before, as I had to have my Roady replaced.  Belkin knows about the problem, as they provided me with an adaptor so the Roady would work in the Belkin portable, but that did no good for using it in the car.  Delphi was great, as they replaced my Roady XT free of charge and said that they have had to do this numerous times for the same reason, and were recommending that no one use the Belkin.  Now, I can no longer use the Belkin, and Belkin will not refund the money.  Buyer Beware!!!
Note that this boombox has only one function, to play XM radio. There is no cassette or CD player. If you can't get a good satellite signal, there is no regular radio either. And getting a good satellite signal indoors can be difficult. It comes with a long optional antenna wire that you can substitute for the built in stub antenna. I had to string it across the room to a west window to get a signal. It was a gift that I was thrilled to return.
Bought for a rural house in NH, but we could not find an antenna configuration that gave a continuous signal-- we got continual "hiccups" in the music.  We thought the cause might be location, and took it to a Boston area house, with no greater success.Pros: OK sound quality when there was a signalCons: None of the included antennas were able to give acceptable signal reception
I have subscribe to XM for at least 15 years and enjoy it, but you don't want to have a problem of any kind, then it's a very different story.  It took me a year and hours of phone time for them to return my money when they over charge me.  Now they have charged me $199 dollars for an item that was clearly marked $99 which I accepted,, but the item stopped working two weeks after giving it as a Christmas gift and they refuse to do anything about it.
power inverter would not work right out of the box.  I tested the inverter with an electronic tester and it was DOA.  I called belkin and they said it was not covered under their written warranty.  The box worked ok with batteries but the batteries will not charge the Inno I will use with the boom box.  The remote will not work with the Inno.  I was told to send the entire unit back to amazon for a refund at my expense.  I found it cheaper to buy a replacement inverter for $14.00. I would check out other options before I would buy the Belkin F5X007.  The warranty is obviously just words on a piece of paper with no meaning.
It barely lasted 6 months - it didn't harm my Roady, but it the speakers quit working.  We paid about $120 for it and of course it's out of warranty.
I had used this radio at my work (to listen to the ball games) with my roady xt. One night I left work to find out that my radio would not play in my car (no fm frequency on the radio). There is insert that Belkin will send you for roady xt, as not to damage the pins one the bottom of the radio like it did to mine. After using the insert for two days in row and switching to my car again, the radio would not power up for 10 to 15 minutes. I have gotten a replacement roady xt from from delphi since it was still under warranty, even though it wasn't their fault. Delphi customer service is awesome, the replacement radio came in two days. As for the Belkin boom box I will not use any longer and plan on buying the delphi boom box for my work. Good boom box if you are not going transfer your radio any other player.
I recently bought this item but returned it.  FIrst, my unit had terrible audio quality.  The clarity was good, but there was a constant loud hiss in the background, I would rate it worse than my $100 FM receiver.  Note to XM: a selling point of your service is "cd-quality", if commonly available players sound awful it does not matter how theoretically good your service is.  You basically can't use it indoors without an auxialliary external antenna, not such a big deal but a pain if you planned on taking it from room to room.  And finally, it's really hard to get through to the activation number, they really try and pressure you into giving them your credit card, the claim is that there is no contract but given the problems people have disconnecting recurring payments I'm not sure that that is really correct in practice.Note to XM: make a basic home unit with high audio quality, and let me do a no-committment pay-as-you go like T-Mobile does with their cell phones, and I will reconsider.
Did not perform well at all for hooking up to a digital converter box to the TV. The location was about 40 miles from a larger city and received no signals at all. I then took the antenna to a new location about 25 miles from a major metropolitan area (Chicago) and set it up. It still did not bring in any reception. I put it to the side and tried a set of digital rabbit ear antenna. I now receive about 3 dozen channels.
I sent in a car radio that needed a inner face plate after 2 months of use. They sent it back scratched up & broke the usb port. & basicaly said to bad. We didn't do it. Do not buy jvc
If you are a talk radio person like myself this radio's AM reception stinks so bad it's ridiculous.Unfortunately, I'm not sure where a person can find an honest review of car radio AM reception capabilities.Another issue with this radio is that it is terribly underpowered.  Even when tuned in on a strong HD radio station I cannot turn up the volume high enough to get the sound adequately up and over the noise of the vehicle.Turn the volume up much beyond the 30 level (the digital level goes from 1 to 50) and the sound becomes so distorted you cannot understand it.I have some really awesome car radios, e.g., I have a 10 year old Sony CDX-4160 which blows this radio away on the AM stations, sitting in the same driveway.Avoid this radio if you want AM reception.
I BOUGHT THIS CAR RADIO TO HAVE INSTALLED IN MY TRUCK.  IT'S A CD PALYER & CASSETTE PLAYER W/ RADIO.I RECEIVED IT IN A TIMELY FASHION WITH NO PROBLEM.  I BROUGHT IT TO MY INSTALLER.  HE CALLED ME LATERTHAT DAY AND ASKED ME TO PLEASE COME TO THE SHOP.  HE SHOWED ME THAT  1.) IT HAD A CRACK ON THE FRONTAS THO IT HAD BEEN DROPPED  2.)  THE SMALL CONTACTS INSIDE THE RADIO WERE NOT GLUED ON PROPERLY AS THOTHEY HAD BEEN TOUCHED OR SHIFTED AROUND OR JUST PLAIN BENT & BROKEN  AND  3.)  THE SAMPLE CD INSERTEDINSIDE TO MAKE SURE THE CD PLAYED WAS STUCK.  IT JUST WOULD NOT WORK;  NO HOW,  NO WAY *IT, APPARENTLY, WAS NEVER REFURBISHED ... JUST THROWN BACK IN A PLASTIC WRAP AND PLACED IN A BOX ANDMAILED TO THE NEXT CUSTOMER AS "FACTORY REFURBISHED".  A  DISGRACE *I CONTACTED THE SELLER WHO STATED THAT THAT IS HOW THEY RECEIVED IT AND THEY DO NOT OPEN BOXES THEYRECEIVE FROM THEIR GUY.I ASKED FOR AND RECEIVED A FULL REFUND AS SOON AS THEY RECEIVED THIS UNIT. NO PROBLEM. THAT WAS GOOD.EITHER  1. DON'T  BUY  FROM  THIS  COMPANY  OR ...2. DON'T  BUY  ANY  ELECTRONICS  THAT  HAVE  BEEN  REFURBUSHED !
This unit functions. That's all the good that I can say about it. It is impossible to stress how terrible the user interface really is. Let me try summarizing a few of the things that I hate about this unit:* The first folder on your USB drive is called "folder 3" and the rest are numbered sequentially from there. My assumption is that the unit is counting, but not displaying, the two hidden folders "." and ".." that are present on most file systems, but calling your first folder #3 is ridiculous.* The above point wouldn't be so bad if the unit would actually show the name of your folder when switching instead of just "folder 3", "folder 4", etc. To get the name of the folder, you have to switch into it and then press the display button a few times until you get to the option to display the folder name. Even if you leave this as your display setting when changing folders, the unit will still show "folder 3", etc at first and you will have to wait a few seconds after switching to the folder before it will show the name.* Repeat point #2 above, but replace "folder" with "track". Why would you create a unit that just says, "track 1" or "track 2" instead of the name of the track and make the user have to press the display button in order to get the track name?* There is only one line of info on the display and a very limited number of characters. Want to see the clock AND the name of the track? ... forget about it. You will get very used to repeatedly pressing the display button in order to move from clock to track name to folder name to file name, etc.* When tuning the stereo, there is no option for "scan" (where the radio will stop at each station for a few seconds and then move on to the next). The only tuning options are manual, seek and seek using only stations in you presets. Keep in mind, however, that seek just goes to the next available station and stops. You then have to manually hit seek again to go to the next. So, you find yourself driving and repeatedly hitting the seek button in order to locate a good radio station.* If it's a cold day outside, don't try to turn the unit on as soon as you start your car. You have to let the unit sit for a minute or else the display will flicker a bit and then fade out when you try to turn it on. If you are really unlucky, you won't be able to turn the stereo back on after this happens without turning off your car and letting it sit for a while. I only had this happen once, but it was very annoying and I thought the stereo was just broken. I drove to work with no music, while hammering the "source" button the whole way trying to get it to come on. After getting back in my car after work, it came on. Every other time it has done the "flicker, fade", I have been able to start it again immediately. Again, only on cold days.In short, I wouldn't buy this unit.
I have purchased many kenwood products in the past and enjoyed them. When I first installed this stereo in my car I wasn't really crazy about the interface, but it worked. Then I noticed that you can't rewind or fast forward from the remote on it and have to use the little stick button to do this, hit it wrong and you start your song over or go to the next one. I could have lived with a problem like that, but once I had it in cold weather the display started going in and out periodically. I didn't have this problem with it until the warranty just happened to run out. Luckily I am able to operate it blind, but with that it is pretty much only usable to me.I've looked around and found several other people with the exact same problems. I've had other stereos in the past that were touch screens or had rotating faces that wore out, but NEVER have I had one go out like this. I work with a lot of electronics and I'm sure that this just boils down to some cheap parts that they used to make these. I strongly urge you to not buy this product and shop around for something better. you will be dissapointed.
Here are the negatives:- The unit only comes in one color.  Why not white also?  Bose does that.- The sound quality is very "tinny".  If anyone ever owned a transistor radio you will understand what I mean.- The antennae is obviously of the cheapest quality.  I live in a single family house and I have placed the antennae in every conceivable place (in windows facing North as per the instructions) and the signal quality never rises above poor.I also own an XM home receiver and there is no comparison.I plugged the XM receiver in and placed the antennae in the window and there has never been a problem.My advice to a potential buyer is - Wait!  The technical description for this product is - Useless.Wait until the next generation comes out and lets hope they resolve the antennae issue.Meanwhile, mine will gather dust!
The unit is already broken. I have it less than a month and the control knob in the front fell off and I can't find a place to have it repaired. I believe this unit was repaired before and currently I am very unhappy with my purchase. Sirius also does not suppoort this product any longer so I apparently wasted my money.
I have had this amplifier less than six months and the right rear channel is not working at all.  After e-mailing Amazon and the store I bought it from(Discount Jungle) I was told to contact Blaupunkt directly.  Blaupunkt informed me that neither Amazon or Discount Jungle are athorised dealers and any repairs that the amp needed would not be covered by any warrenty.  I would never purchase anything like this from Amazon or Discount Jungle again.
I worked with alpine through vendor support for days trying to get this to work.  The problem is that the bluetooth unit does not work with the Alpine KCA-410C Ai-Net Multi Changer/Versatile Link .  Do not believe Apine. Alpine is not fessing up to it, but it doesn't work.  After hemming and hawing about it to the vendor support folks, finally Alpine faxes over a diagram to make multiple cuts and splices on 20 guage wire and splice in RCA connectors to the bluetooth cable and then connect  bluetooth unit to the versichanger via the splced in rca connectors to the aux inputs of the versichanger. Give me a break!  The system is hosed.  You get no audio through the car speakers.Folks, this is terrible.  I can't believe that Alpine releases stuff like this.  Don't buy it!  Don't touch it if you intend to use it the Alpine KCA-410C Ai-Net Multi Changer/Versatile Link Adapter!  The bluetooth unit does work fine if you plug it directly into the AInet connector on the head unit, but then you don't get the versichanger which means you don't get aux inputs; you don't get a changer; and you don't get their fancy ainet.
When I received the Stiletto Boombox, the speakers on the left side of the radio were blown and the sound wass horrible. I called several times and finally I was given my refund.
I recently upgraded to a Stiletto 2 which was very nice, but as usual, it won't fit in this boombox or my home and auto docking station because they wqere for the narrower Stiletto 1. I had to return the Stiletto 2 and stay with my older, or buy all new which I wasn't about to do. You would think Sirius would come out with an adapter.They would sell more Stiletto 2's that way
Simple, really. The unit did'nt work for me. Once plugged in, my receiver, instead of displaying the name of the program or song I tried to tune in to, read &#34;Antenna not detected&#34;. No antenna ( I tried several) no reception. Full disclosure: My old Soloist, which had worked fine for several years, started to produce the same display. The Stiletto receiver will work outside of the Soloist's cradle so I don't know which is at fault. All I know is the Soloist won't work for me.
The dock wasn't able to get a signal in the office - when I tried to return the unit, I found out there is a "no return" policy! I've called everywhere, including Sirius, and made no progress. This was from Tiger Direct, by the way.It was not stated that the item couldn't be returned when I purchased this - so I'm obviously not happy. Will buy items locally from now on!
All I can say is that I moved that antenna to every location possible and never got a clear signal.  Buyer Beware!!!  Returned it within 7 days and got my money back.
Bought this battery to replace original. Read the directions which said to charge for 4 hours. I have had it for 3 weeks, and it has yet to charge. It is worthless. I paid $30 for something that is of no use to me. Buy it from a store that accepts returns, otherwise you will be out of $30.
What a waste of money. To start, the batteries only last for 8 to 10  days if you use it more than a few times each day. Despite the claims for distance, I've found that I must be within 10 ft of the unit for the remote to work. If there is a wall between remote and the unit, figure on less than 10 ft.Additionally, the signal drops constantly. I have it aimed perfectly and usually have the full amount of bars visible. But randomly each hour, the sound drops out and the signal is lost.Also found out that Sirius will not send you any type of invoice or receipt each time they charge your credit card, unless you agree to subscribe for a year. Instead, they tell you to log in to their site and use the billing history button. The problem is that this page doesnt allow you to print an invoice. It simply shows a date and a charge. If you own a business and the Sirius charge is a business expense, you can easily see why this is such a problem. Those crazy accountants and bookkeepers have a tendency to want an invoice or receipt for any charges and expenses. Go figure.This was a huge waste of money.
I never got a chance to actually use the product. Beach Audio never shipped the Sirius Conductor Home Tuner on time. I purchased the item the Thursday before Fathers Day Weekend. I even paid extra to expedite my order. I wasn't expecting the item to arrive before Fathers Day or on Fathers Day. I didn't even mind if the item arrived the Monday after Fathers Day. I e-mailed Beach Audio to inquire the location of my package. I didn't get the response I was expecting. Instead I received  this in a e-mail from Beach Audio; "We're waiting for an update from the warehouse". The item was never shipped. Keep in mind when you order something and pay extra to expedite your order you would expect a rapid turn around. I canceled the order since Beach Audio didn't know if the warehouse shipped my package or not. After I canceled the order I received this e-mail from Beach Audio; "We have received your cancellation request and have begun the cancellation procedure.Please note - YOUR ORDER IS NOT YET CANCELLED. PLEASE DO NOT CONSIDER IT CANCELLED UNTIL YOU RECEIVE A FINAL CANCELLATION EMAIL. There is a small possibility that the we could have received more of the item you ordered in stock and already shipped this order. We need to verify with our warehouse that the item hasn't shipped. This process usually takes up to 24 hours. Once we have confirmation that it hasn't shipped, you will receive a final email from us confirming the cancellation. Please note that if the item has already shipped, you can still return it, but you will still be responsible for outgoing freight and subject to a restocking fee upon return". I personally will not buy another product from Beach Audio.
The seller tried to swap this item with a differanty one. He does not have access to this item . I did find this through another vendor and it works great. Just not available here
This kit only allows for clamping on round tube handlebars and does not fit Honda Goldwings. After paying a healthy price for a "Universal" Mounting Kit, I find that I have to have parts machined to make it work.This is NOT a "Universal" Mounting Kit.
I am not satified with my order at all.  We have yet to receive one that even works!  We are waiting for the third one to be sent.  I can say their customer service is great though.  But as for the product...right now not impressed
NOt a game at all. This fan does not work. At least it is cheap.
Pros: iPod ready, lots of advanced features!Cons: has issues playing CDsI recently purchased this head unit to replace a factory stereo on my mini-van. For the first week after self-installing it, I was very happy to hook up my iPod in the front AUX input and enjoy the rich sound.The issue came when I inserted a CD into the unit. It would play great the very first tracks of the CD, but once getting to the last tracks, it would start to skip, stutter, repeat, and etc.My first thought was it was probably the CD-R, so I inserted an original "new" CD from a popular 70's rock group. Well the same thing happened, it would play great the first tracks, but when it would get to the last tracks on the CD it would do the same thing as mentioned before.I returned it to BestBuy, and replaced it with an identical one. Same thing occurred with the 2nd head unit. Plus I would also like to add that this 2nd head unit had a weaker (faint) bass response--I did make sure the settings of the EQ and Bass Boost response was set the same as the 1st head unit. But it did have an weak bass response. So I returned the 2nd unit and replaced with a 3rd identical unit--three times a charm?Well, the third one still has the issue with the skipping CDs, but at least it's not so bad as the two other ones. At least this one if I pause the CD, it will then play correctly after I unpause it. The bass response on this one is same as the first head unit, so at least that is good.I am planning to wait it out a bit longer (save up some more spending money) and get myself either a higher model or a different brand (Pioneer).Hope this helps someone out.
First off let me say that I agree with the other Blackberry users regarding this device. It worked great with my Blackberry. When I upgraded phones and no longer needed it for my mobile phone, I decided to use the Holux in conjunction with my laptop... and that's where the disappointment began.The device is discoverable in Windows XP easily enough but that's about as far as you'll get.  It is assigned an incoming and outgoing Com port, but neither seemed to do anything.  Even Holux's own software (Minigps) was unable to make heads or tails of the device or its ports.  Finally, Holux's technical support is beyond non-existent.  As far as I can tell its an email link on their web page straight to a black hole.If you're looking for a one-shot solution to a mobile phone that doesn't have GPS capability, this device might fill your needs, but frankly with the price of such phones dropping daily, if Holux can't get its act together, this device will find itself ejected from even that niche.
It does not work well with blackberry pearl 8100.  the connection breaks in less than 2 minutes.The merchant does not provide any email support, nor do they pick up their customer support phone.It was just  a waste of my hard earned 5o dollars.
I purchased a holux in car navigation unit to much disappointment. First off, i contacted the company phone number on the box and it does not work. Then i was forced to contact the company via email. After a week they got back to me and informed me that i could not update my maps. Yes! You heard right, They are selling an in car navigation system with out of date maps and the customer has no way of updating the maps. The maps are in some kind of .cdt format and as of writing this i have not found a way to update or to get maps in this format. I recently sent another email to holux asking them how i could update and to please tell me where i can go to get updated maps...They have not responded. Don't buy a holux product. They may have one or two decent products but the company as a whole sucks.  I'll never buy anything holux again!
Item arrived with a dead battery.  When replaced and turned on, it was VERY difficult to find a position that turned on the alarm (impossible with just the movement of a head tilt).  Could have just been a dud out of the batch, but didn't bother returning/replacing it to find out being that the cost was so minimal in the first place and item was purchased more as a functional gag gift.
I guess as cheap as it is, just keep buying it every 2 months. Broke down in less than 2 months. I even changed the battery--which it doesnt even tell you what size it is and there are so many in that size that you have to make a guess when you go to the store.
I got 5 of this items for my family but when I opened it to try it, it just didnt work, not even a sound, I changed the batteries and none. so please guys DO NOT BUY IT, IT'S A FAKE, Then when I tried to return the items, they just didnt let me do it, so I LOST MY MONEY AND TIME. Thx Driver Alert Nap Alarm for sucking.
This product actually looks nothing like the picture.  It has a different name also.  It doesn't work.  It is cheaper to just throw it away than to return it and get another one.  I would not recommend this item to anyone,
This is a piece of junk. Got 2 of them and one arrived DOA. The other wouldn't fit on my ear because the ear piece is molded plastic and has no adjustment. Unless you have tiny ears don't expect it to fit.And btw it contains a mercury switch but isn't labeled as such. A check of EPA.gov shows that importation of mercury is controlled. Introduction of new devices to the marketplace which use mercury are strictly regulated. So it may not even be legal to sell these in the US.  I couldn't tell definitively if the EPA has a labeling requirement but at least 10 states do require that you have to label any product that it contains Mercury.So not only is this device a waste of money but it is literally toxic waste....
It is too sensitive. It rings with the slightest normal movement.  I need it to ring only if I fall asleep while driving and my head falls forward.
ordered 2. Both came in different packaging.. 1 worked , 1 didnt. You can tell they buy these for pennies. Another great product produced by slave labor.
This is a terrible product.  I'd have given it zero stars, but that's not an option.(1) Many of them arrive in non-working condition. We ordered 2, and one worked and one didn't. Read the other reviews if you don't believe me.  (2) It is not adjustable, and either doesn't fit one's head (for the men, generally), or is so large it slides off (on women, generally).  It is difficult or impossible to wear with glasses.  (3) Worst of all, there is no way to replace the battery, so if you do get one that works, it is effectively a disposable product, something that was NOT disclosed in the product description (in fact, most of the descriptions state that it takes an A13 &#34;button&#34; battery). (4) And good luck getting rid of it: it contains a glass mercury switch with a big blob of mercury in it.Do not buy this product.
Yes, technically, it does work. But it's extremely difficult to get it to even fit on your ear (look at the design of the damn thing) and then it has to be in the EXACTLY right position for it to chirp when your head moves forward and down. (Remember, it does not work for side-to-side motion.) I worked with it for about an hour and then threw it in the trash. Not worth even trying to send it back to Amazon. Save your money!
My expectations were too high: It was cheaply built, ineffective and kept falling off my ear. I expected vibrations, but it just produced some random, anemic clicking sounds. Buy something else.
The battery was corroded on delivery. Looks like it was in storage for a while. When i opened and replaced the battery, it only goes off when I nod my head 'FORWARD' to the point where it hurts my neck. Doesn't turn on at all when I tilt my head sideways. Pretty useless.
my order was canceled,they said they had in stock. I see a charge on my credit card.amazon said my card was not charged!so far it looks like it has!!
READ the reviews first!  I should have.  I was looking for a set of radios that are secure with clear sound quality.  TriSquare claim that these radios are as clear as FMRS radios.  Don't believe them.  The static is awful!  Its a lot like HF radio on a weak signal day. Very difficult to understand a simple conversation. Do yourself a favor. Stay away, far away, from buying these radios.
I bought this accessory pack because the headsets pictured are a higher quality ear piece compared to the typical over the ear plastic loop ear piece.I already owned the plastic loop ear pieces and wanted the ones shown but they did not come in the accessory pack.  If those headsets are the main reason you are choosing this accessory kit, BEWARE!
Radios and/or batteries don't seat in the well and wiggling them as it says in the instructions doesn't help. I've tried wedging the radiosbut the charger almost seems like it was designed for something else as the batteries won't charge in or out of the radio.I'm very disappointed because now I have to revert to alkaline batteries and that can start to get expensive!
this is crap worked for an hour then died.its very cheaply made and no remote hookup so is allways on when it works aparently.
This cap sucks cost me $220 in amp repairs my amp wasnt geting proper voltage and fried 8caps 4 ? and 3? 10 hours n labor so if u want to keep ur amp working let the lights dim or buy something else im going with RF . Thanks Power Acoustik U SUX
I Dont know what happen I must of gotten a cheap prefabricated one there was no weight to it I hooked it in hoping maybe and it short out my amp somehow. If it was the real deal then I'm sure it would of been great.
before i bought this cap i read some reviews and how many farads i needed for my system. since almost everybody said the rule is 1 farad for every 1000 watts, and i am running 2200 max, i figured 5 farads should be more than enough... as far as this cap goes, that is soo wrong,before this cap i had a temporary fosgate 1 farad and my lights didn't dim as bad as they did with this cap. i installed it to the last detail and charged it and everything, still didn't work.so for this cap i give one star and will never recomend power acoustik to any body. and now i find my self not taking any more chances and today i bought a boss audio cap 20 farads... that should do the trick
Had this hooked up in my truck with 4 shallow Kenwood 10's. Lasted 2 days and in the middle of a song everything just quit. Checked everything over & I couldn't get the cap to show any thing. Thought maybe it just lost charge so some reason. So i checked it and sure enough it was dead. I recharged it and attempted to turn the ignition on to play a song, soon as the amp turned on it immediately died out again. Sent it in for a full refund. Already have a Rockford 1 farad on the way.
Biggest piece of garbage on the planet. The screw was loose and I'm not talking about a psych ward patient. The actual screw would was stripped. Im surprised it didn't blow up after I used it. STRAIGHT GARBAGE
All I can say is my power factor did not increase compared to my Rockford Fosgate 1 Farad Capacitor.  I'm sending it back.
Bought this thinking it would mount up nicely and at 5-farad should be able to handle my amps that total 2000 watts. I was wrong, this is worse than my 1 Farad Capacitor it was replacing.
Electrical system still loses power and my audio system is only 3000 TRUE watts. 1 farad can support 1000 watts. Had a professional shop install it and they laughed at me when they saw my system and how I tried to assist it with a product that only produces 1 farad maybe.
Will be contacting for a full refundUnit went out 2 month into itBad product, quality is not anywhere around here
IT WAS A MISTAKE TO BUY THIS BECAUSE I CARE ABOUT MY SOUND. THIS AMP IS POOR. I DONT THINK IT WOULD BE GOOD IN MANY THINGS
never worked. was broken upon getting it. I was sent two replacements and they were DOA as well. spend more money on something else.
Bought this as a gift and the radio didn't work.. After working with tech support I missed my chance to return it!
These socks lasted me three months before each pair formed a hole or stitching tore.  Even after 10+ washes, I was still getting lint all over my feet.  These socks practically started to fall apart the moment I started wearing them.  They're good on the price, but the quality is lacking.
Speaker didnt work when I got it. Have to go through this whole long process to take it back. My 40$ cobra works better
If you're going for style, this is not a good choice.Look like a volume knob? It's not its the channel seeker, which you have to use to find a channel rather than simply pressing a Number.1.
While the comfort was great, that was all that was.  The sound stopped being transmitted after one day of very light use.  Oh well.  It was one of those things you buy and to return it is more than it is worth, so they got you.Invest in the good ones, and don't bother with the rhinestones, even if it is for an 11 year old.  LOL
bad reception all the time even with a powered antenna..... i would not recommend this item..... i would sent it back but its too late
do not buy second one i have had just broke the first one was broke before i used it no replacement remotes and cant program a universel remote do not buy junk
I purchased this off amazon because it was cheaper than anywhere else, all my local channels are digital and i hooked it up to my alpine INA W900 hoping to add something cool and unique that no one else really has, firstly its easy to install took me like 20 minutes but this quality is terrible i only got 1 channel picture was good but wtf am i suppose to do with 1 news channel, save your money this product sucks.
I purchased this device for a TV I use in our RV where the internal OTA Tuner went out.  The TV is still functioning fine (except for the internal OTA digital tuner).  I can get HD content from DVDs and even from FIOS when I hook a box up.  But when I wired up my TV to this HDTV Reciever, the best video I could get from the PYLE HDTV Receiever was 480!  In addition, the 480 resolution was very poor quality when I compared to video on the same TV port from Wii (both games and netflix via the internet).  Finally, what really drove me return this product was the audio quality.  The audio clips and sounds very tinny - very poor.THIS IS NOT AN HDTV Tuner/Receiver!
Never worked here in rio de Janeiro.
I bought this because I have had good experiences with Audiovox products and also because I liked the look of the sensors - no drilling holes in the bumper or gluing on sensors.  The problem is that it gives too many false alarms.  Almost every time I backup, it beeps constantly.  Now I just ignore it.  Some day I might back into something while my backup alarm is beeping away.  There is no reason for anyone to buy this probuct.  I'll keep looking for a better product.
First pay attention that you are only getting ONE tote for this price, not three as shown.  Second the item is not made for newer cars and did not fit the remote.  Third (as most people would say, then return it) upon asking for a return authorization the Seller asked for a copy of the receipt to be mailed to them and then there's a restocking fee (hum, NO idea what that would cost or why!).  CAUTION READ YOUR TERM OF SALE:  New, unopened product may be returned within 30 daysunder our published "terms of sale" which include a restock fee. Send w copy of your receipt to:
Bad bad experience they trick you showing 4 pieces and they only send 1 I will not recommend buying this item
Does not work.  Poor documentation.Does not work.  Poor documentation.Does not work.  Poor documentation.Does not work.  Poor documentation.Does not work.  Poor documentation.Does not work.  Poor documentation.Spent a lot on this to not have it work.
I was recently planning a trip and wanted to have this intercom for the occasion.  I received the unit and after reading the manual carefully and installing the components, discovered that the automatic voice activation called VOX by Midland does not function as described.I called Midland and after 3 phone calls and about 2 hours on the phone, they came to the conclusion that the unit was in fact defective and recommended that I send it for repair.Meanwhile my trip was approaching and I did not want to leave without the intercom.  So I sent the defective unit for repair and ordered a new identical set.To my astonishment, this new set suffered from the same defect - no VOX capability.  So the only way to communicate using this unit is by manually turning it on and off, which I did not want to do.So I returned the second unit for a refund and took my trip without the intercom.  I have received the first unit back since then but have not had the chance to try and find out if they are working correctly.
I read the reviews before purchasing this product. Please beware of this seller.  This speakerphone does not work well for me at all.  My job requires me to be on the road for 4-6 hours a day so most of my business is conducted over the phone.  I have had nothing but complaints that the person I am talking to cannot hear me.I contacted pricklypear and their return policy is that it has to be returned "unopened".  Seriously who orders something and then can return it unopened.  How can you know if the product is what you want unless you open it and try it???  I am disappointed in the speakerphone but even more disappointed in the seller.
What can turn a decent product into crap? Rosen Entertainment Systems! Stay far away from these products. This is a company who does not provide any support for their products. They publish email and phone contacts for service and technical support, but will not respond. I have auditable proof of attempting to get a response for 1 YEAR. All I want is firmware updates for my system that has some bugs. I will be posting the same w/the bugs on YouTube.
I bought this unit to replace a Pioneer Nav unit for my VW Jetta and frankly, I wish I'd kept the Pioneer.  The Rosen Navigation unit is quite possibly the poorest designed product I've ever encountered.  To be fair, the Navigation portion of the unit is OK, maybe a 5 on a 1-10 scale.  The radio?  How could they possibly screw that up?  What astonishingly bad is the iPad interface.  I swear to God, I seriously doubt anyone at this idiotic company even plugged in an iPod to see how it works.  Yes, it does play the iPod, so Kudos for getting the sound out of the device.  But try navigating around your iPod, try to search for a song or artist or album!  It's impossible to do so without endangering the lives of your passengers or fellow motorists because the interface is so confounding you run the risk of rear-ending someone or veering off the road.  Unbelievably, it's most detailed search parameter is a numerical input key.  Imagine yourself (if you're like me with a couple of thousand songs) thinking, "Gee, I guess I'll play song 5,483.  It's literally that insane.  Plus, you have to painstakingly scroll alphabetically through all the various categories to search, ie,; song, artist, album with a touch panel the moves like molasses in January.  If you play the iPod in random mode, it works, that is until it doesn't as it so often jams the iPod you have to jolt the iPod back to life with a hard reset.  Then when you leave your car and expect the device to pick up the iPod on the tune you left off on, it starts all over again from literally song 1 (alphabetically) on the iPod all over again.  Frankly I want to throw this thing through a window.  An incredible rip-off at $1200.  To be clear, I wouldn't take this unit again if it were given to me.  It's that bad.  Oh, and what's worse it the stunning indifference if you try calling those morons at Rosen to get some tech support.  Not only is their phone number not listed on their web site (it took a bit of sleuthing for me to eventually uncover it), but they had the audacity to tell me that the next version would be better, if I was willing to buy another entire unit.  When I asked about a software update they simply told me that they don't do that.  Oh, and get this -- the bluetooth portion of the unit doesn't import your address book or contacts from your phone, despite the fact that virtually every other manufacturer does so as a basic feature.  These clowns had the audacity to tell me that that feature would cost even more money.  Horrible unit.  Terrible company.  YOU STAND WARNED!
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!! WORST EVERYTHING!!! I WILL PAY YOU NOT TO BUY IT. EVERYTHING IS HORRIBLE. THE NAV DOEWSNT EVEN WORK!!!! JUST DONT BUY. PLEASE
I purchased this same item from a different seller. Item comes from chinaits larger thae 2 din after I had o cut my dash board to install it discoveredthat it did not work properly it had terrible feed back, navigation system did notwork at all, back up camera stopped working, radio stations were not clear. I paid$200.00 to have this professionaly installed this was a huge waste of my money. take my advise by a name brand you recognize. Again I did not buy from this seller but system is the same.
I have to admit that I do not own this car starter, but I happened to notice that it is the same guy "Jongug Chun" reviewing all the car starters and leaving the exact same review on the different products which leads me to believe this guy is a fake reviewer.  Thanks
We purchased these earpieces along with a few sets of TriSquare TSX100-2VP eXRS Digital Two-Way Radios for use in our Bowling center. These earpieces are fairly uncomfortable and don't seem to work very well. It is very hard to understand what anyone else is saying, especially when they are using one of the other earpieces. The microphones distort the sound horribly. We were highly disappointed in these earpieces.
With great anticipation I installed this unit after my older unit quit and in 10 minutes this new reciever blew a fuse, then another fuse and got hot.Sent it back.
I wanted to be able to record an hour long radio program while I stopped off to go to work.  I suppose you can record but once you turn off the car the recording is lost; so the device is useless to me.
I purchased the XM Xpress RCi radio to replace my Sirius radio unit when I switched services.  I wanted one that recorded so I thought this one may be a good choice.  Unfortunately, two weeks after the warranty expired (6 weeks total time owned) the main control knob broke off the radio.  The knob is a multi-function unit which allows users to navigate the menus, jump function, change display, select channels (etc.)  Now that the knob is broken off it has rendered the unit pretty much useless.  Although, the screen is colorful, it would be nice to be able to change the channel.  Steer clear of this unit in my opinion.
I actually ordered this from Sirius XM online, came with the speaker docking station as well.  However, in a 2100 square foot home, with 2 stories, (4 bedrooms), the radio would only work in ONE corner of ONE of the bedrooms of the home.  Would not work anywhere else, either on the second level, or the main level, or even the garage.  I am returning this.  Even though I had an "unobstructed view of the southern sky" as they stated I should have, the only signal I could get was so minimal, my radio couldn't even get activated.  This defeated the purpose of an "at home" satellite radio service in the house.  I have 3 trees in the backyard and one in the front, and they said this could hinder the signal.  The one corner we could get did have a tree by it, so not sure what the issue was?  The trees are not that close to the home.NOW.. one of the reps said we could make an antenna outside of the home and run the wire indoors, but really??? I don't want anymore wires than what we already have.Looks like I'll just download the app on my smartphone, and let my hubby listen to it on the Bluetooth speaker we purchased for our Amazon Cloud music.  I realize now I should have done that in the first place.  Live and learn.  Getting a full refund, but a hassle to realize we were limited by the satellite receiver signal not penetrating.  I expected too much I guess since I have no issues with anything else wireless in the house.Sorry Sirius XM, we'll just stick with the service in my husband's vehicle.
Was looking to buy an XM radio. The customer reviews on this had a common theme, if you have a problem audio vox does not care. This attitude has narrowed my search. I will not buy any  audio vox product. Thank you.
I am currently a lifetime subscriber to Sirius.  I bought this radio to replace a broken one.  When I called Sirius to activate it they told me it was only for existing XM subscribers or new subscribers.  Odd since Sirius is all over the box and the radio.  This radio only has a XM Radio ID number on it.  I was told the radio needed a Sirius ID number.I chose this radio after visiting Sirius's website and logging into my account (there is a link that says "Sign in for exclusive subscriber deals") This radio was advertised.  The customer service rep couldn't even recommend a radio to me.  Although after some research I think the Starmate 5 will work.  There needs to be a warning in the advertisement and on the box that says "Not for use with existing Sirius subscribers!"
I purchased this unit in September 2012 and had it in installed in a Lexus RX300 in December. The unit worked ok except on cloudy days when I was unable to get a signal. I was told that XM could boost the signal if I would contact them. I called this weekend and after going through a myriad of tech support people without help I gave up and took the car back to the installer. He explained that the antennae was bad and needed to be replaced. He said that if I call XM they should take care of it.I'm currently on my third call some lasting over 30 minutes without any resolution, for a $15.00 replacement antennae. The XM support guy is telling me since I purchased the unit from Amazon they don't warranty it, he actually told me to call Audiovox. Audiovox isn't even listed on the box.... Another guy said they would send out a gift card for the fix but it will cost $10.00 shipping and handling. I'm to the point of canceling the 3 subscriptions I have but I'm afraid that I won't get credited with the unused months. I've also been advised that this is an "obsolete" model, hell I just bought it a couple of months ago. Incredibly frustrating.... I would recommend using MP3 palyer and over cellular streaming, if I think about it XM really isn't worth the hassle.Update February 5th. SiriusXM just called to inquire why I'm not satisfied with there customer service. They offered to send me out a new unit, including antennae. I told them I already replaced the antennae. I ordered one from Amazon on Sunday via two day shipping and received it in one day. It's unfortunate that they don't do business like Amazon (Five Stars). Thanks but no thanks. I am planning on letting my subscriptions lapse and using PANDORA, SPOTIFY and STITCHER.  Also I just closed my position on SIRI at $3.15 a share. Based on my experience buyer beware.
i have had this unit for almost a year, i have yet to encounter the problem that many have with the screen flickering and dying.the radio: The radio was easy to install and setup. Any questions i had i could find in the instruction manual. The display was plenty bright and is easy to read in daylight and at night. some of the functions are a little obscure, like adding some of the favorites to your favorite stations. You can only add 20 favorite artist and/or songs to the auto tune list, if you go over that it starts back at the first ones and overrides them, the same thing happens with the song saver, you cant choose which song is deleted it just deletes oldest song and replaces it. The signal can be somewhat patchy at times. I found that if you are in a valley or next to a building you will sometimes lose single. If you are a hunter that drives around in the woods a lot i don't recommend getting this radio, you will lose signal in the valleys and in timbered areas. When it comes to the Signal, it will either come in clear or not at all. If the radio is searching for signal you cannot do anything with the radio until it finds signal again. overall the radio is simple and somewhat easy to use.The service: Since this is a Serious/XM radio the service that I got, I believe, reflects that of any of their radios. There are plenty of different channels to choose from with many different types of music and/or talk. The music channels however did seems to play the some songs a lot. the comedy channels did have commercials, which i found an annoyance, because i got the radio so i wouldn't have to listen to commercials. Other than that i the service was good.The catch: I guess i didn't read the terms and conditions close enough, because recently i have not been using the radio as much so i decided to cancel my service, they said that since i haven't had my service for more than a year i would be charged a cancellation fee of $75, somewhere in the terms and conditions it says that you must have the service for a year or you are charged a cancellation fee. Since i only had a couple more months left i decided to keep the service until my year was up because it was cheaper than paying the cancellation fee. This is why i am giving the radio such a low rating, without this little problem i would have giving the radio a rating of 3, because the radio is not that great, but is functional.WARNING: Just restating what i said above about the catch, if you buy this radio you MUST have the service for a full year or be charged a cancellation fee, adding at least $200 depending on your chosen service to the cost of the radio unless you want the pay the cancellation fee of $75.
Don't buy this.. The screen goes black after about a year..This is my second Xpress...when it works..it is great.  Color screen, pause, view multiple stations etc.. It was everything I wanted. The first one went black and I replaced it..a year goes by and so does the screen on the new radio.  I am not willing to replace this every year!
Apparently this radio has a history of the screen going to black after just one year.  I almost bought it but was fortunate to read reviews of users on Best Buy so I didn't get sucked in by this great deal.  I will go with the Delphi XpressRC instead.[...]
I have had no problems with this receiver until just a little after the one year mark. Like other units that have been reviewed, the screen on mine started flickering and now has all but gone completely black. What a joke! They should have advertised it as a disposable. Now I'm really screwed because I have it installed in my car and also bought the home unit.**Follow up - contacted the manufacturer regarding this problem.  Their response:The warranty on the unit is for one year. If you are within this period you may contact Delphi Warranty Center at 1.877.463.3574. If you are not within the warranty period, unfortunately Delphi does not have an authorized repair center at this time.In other words, we don't care.
"This wireless microphone sucks! I purchased this because my wife has gone SingStar crazy and our 3 year old has already broken one of her corded mics... the broken mic, that we have to hold the cord in to play, sounds better than this piece of junk... static, feedback, distortion... Seller was appoligtic and we're sending it back for a refund. "
My wife bought me 2 of these microphones for use with Rock Band on a ps3.  I only opened one of them to try it out and after about 45 minutes of trying to get it to sync properly with the system I gave up.  It gave signal as if it was working, but all it was picking up was static, no voice.  I didn't bother even opening the other since I had similar difficulties trying to connect a non ps instrument for Rock Band previously.  Will be returning.
I bought two of these mics and they don't sync up with the USB dongle.  I did get one of the two mics I bought to sync momentarily, but it is undependable.  It may be 2.4 ghz interference, but when you insert the dongle into the PS3 system, BOTH green connection lights illuminate, indicating it has sync'd with SOMETHING, two things, but not the microphone(s).  Continuously pressing the sync button shows it's sending a signal to the PS3 (via the microphone level indicator on Rockband), but when you speak into the mic, it doesn't send any signal to the dongle. Good luck if you take the risk and buy these.  I'm returning them.
This item only lasted 3 months before failing.  It has no physical damage, but stopped working.The microphone was purchased from Price Pro's through Amazon.  Price Pro's will not warrant a product beyond 30 days from purchase.  The microphone worked well until sudden failure.Your taking your chances with Price Pro's and this product.
I ordered this microphone and it didn't work at all straight out of the box. What was worse I ordered it from one of the other sellers... Unbeatable Sales (not fulfilled by Amazon). They would not allow me to return the item because I had opened the box. How would I know if it worked or not if I didn't take it out of the box?!! They didn't even include a packing slip with the product. I had to go search my orders to find the company I ordered from to contact them only to be denied. They are terrible!! I probably just got a bum microphone set, and the others are good, but I wouldn't know since they wouldn't exchange it. Like I said... "terrible"
I purchased two of the Pyle microphones which say they are compatible with the WII gaming system. Got them well in advance of a game night party we planned on having. Luckily we opened the mics a couple of days prior to test the game out and found out that although they were sold to be compatible with the WII, they were not coming up detected by the system. Still waiting for the matter to be cleared up.
Remote starter still wouldn't work with the module.  Tech support was no help!  Save you time and money, have any remote starters professionally installed. Let them deal with e headaches!
Used on a Motorola XTS 5000. Connector worked fine.I wore this product for about 3 hours and did nothing more than enter and exit my vehicle about 5 times. I did not have any major snags during this time either. At some point the wire connecting the PTT was ripped clean. The ear piece continued to work, however.Prior to trying this product I used a different brand which lasted me well over a year and experienced some rough use. I'll be going back to this product;B005CS82KK
This does not fit an XTS 5000. I think the connector may be fore an XTS 3000, but I'm not sure. The connector in the picture is not what I got.
HAD IT FOR 5 WEEKS, BOUNCED AROUND THE BACK SEAT BROKEN FOR THE FIRST TWO.  IF YOU VALUE SAVINGS, GO PAST THIS PRODUCT.  BUYING LOTTERY TICKETS MAY BE A BETTER INVESTMENT.
I bought this item because it got good reviews, well so far I hate it! Nobody can hear me  they say I sound far away.
never could get it to work
We were able to use this one time. It feel apart when we tried to unplug it. There was no response to the email we sent asking for help. I'll never buy from Accessory Power again. They lost a customer.
WORKED WONDERFUL TIL THE INSERT PIECE BROKE!!! AND OF COURSE I CANT RETURN IT-  THATS THE ONLY PART THAT REALLY UPSETS ME AND I GAVE A 1 FOR THAT VERY REASON..
I purchased this item the other day, and had to send it back. It is either not compatible with my car or my Iphone 4S. I tried everything!
It worked great about 12 times and then it died, wouldn't turn on.  I thought maybe it was my car that was acting funny but I tried it in a couple other cars and no luck. It would be great if it worked.
This broke 6 months after purchasenow it just some pice !it's worst for moneydon't buy this :(
CONS:1. The main one for me is that it doesn't actually charge an iphone-- not only does it not include the correct cords, but when I used my own it would keep connecting and disconnecting the charge, which actually drained my battery faster. I tried multiple of my own USB cords, but none worked. I know that it isn't the car as I had a plain charger that worked perfectly (but wasn't a tuner). I drive for several hours a day, so I need the charging component.2. The product is too big for my standard size cigarette lighter. It got stuck in there, so I don't know if I will be able to return it OR get a new tuner because I am not sure I can get it out of the car.3. Same button for changing the station it tunes to and volume... which is really annoying if you bump the tuner and have to look at it to change it back while driving (definitely not the safest thing to do in city).4. Hard to hear phone calls.PROS:1. Relatively good sound quality for music.2. Hands free calling is nice.Overall: I would not buy this product again. I plan to try to return it, if i can ever get it out of my car. Otherwise, a big waste of $50.
This was a bit tricky to setup. However the quality was too poor to be used everyday.What a pity..
I don't typically write reviews, but I felt in this case I needed to be the voice of reason for all of you planning on buying this device. It was easy to set up, and worked great out-of-the-box...for about 3 months, at which point the device became unrecognizable by my phone (i.e. stopped working). I thought that perhaps there was something wrong with my phone, so I tried it with my fiancee's phone, and same thing. Recently, I purchased a new 4g htc cell phone, and same thing. I'm saddened, because I really hoped this would not only work, but last me for quite some time...or at least more than three months. It is upsetting to pay fifty dollars for something, wait almost a month for it to arrive, and have it croak three months later. Sadly, I don't have anymore money to spend to buy another one from a different company. Save your money.
If you are traveling long distances, you have to switch frequencies too often because of interference with FM stations along the way for this to be of any practical use.  Not good when you are driving.  For long trips, I just use my old cassette adapter (I have older vehicles that do not have auxillary inputs to the sound systems).  This unit is adequate for my use around town (I live in an area that has about 300,000 people and within reach of maybe 24 FM stations).  The volume on my FM radio has to be turned all the way up to hear the output from my Samsung GS3.  Not sure, but all of the above may be limitations of the transmitter technology.  Sound quality is adequate for me (I listen to mostly podcasts and audiobooks).  Didn't have any problems setting it up with my GS3.My biggest gripe is that after 6 months of use, the skip back button does not work anymore.  So, there is a question of the unit's reliability.  I can limp along without the use of the skip back button for now, but I may be looking for another solution soon, especially if the other buttons start to go.Updated 4/28/14:  This thing now resides in a junk drawer.  After 6 months of use, I couldn't deal with the constant switching of frequencies and the skip button not working anymore.  I went back to using a cassette adapter for a while.  I have now started using a Sony SRS-BTS50 Bluetooth speaker in my truck for the last couple of months.  It is a decent speaker that I bought on one of the shopping channels for a *much* better price than what is available on Amazon.  It gives me nice Bluetooth functionality with my phone.
I really liked this transmitter while it was working properly.  Not long after I had it I started having an issue with adjusting the volume.  I had to turn the knob many times to get the volume to go up.  Then shortly after it stopped working all-together.  Now when I plug it in only some of the buttons light up.  The display does not light up & the unit does not work at all.  Great buy if you get one that lasts, but I definitely did not get my moneys worth out of this purchase.
Bought this in hope of having my Iphone's media accessible for memorial day weekend....It failed to do that on the fourth day. Great product until it failed. There is absolutely a lack of quality control on this product. If someone is willing to report this company to BBB please let me know so I can collect a "petition"
Title says it all during the pairing process with my phone following the manual, I experienced a loud pop with everything set at normal volume levels.  Since then all inputs on the stereo play with continuous distortion, which may in fact be blown speakers.  I don't keep spare car stereo or speakers on hand to to troubleshoot so I can't say for sure. I did get a refund.  I wrote to the vendor who couldn't really say much other than we're sorry this product did several hundred dollars of damage to your system.Please don't think this is one of those gag reviews, I'm 100% serious.  I'm a savvy long time computer/electronics/audio professional and have never seen one seemingly harmless accessory destroy another in this fashion.
I'm impress with the speedy delivery from the seller.  However, I'm not impressed with the product itself.  One of the letdown of the product is the sound quality when it's set to a fm station.  On somedays, the sound comes clear and on other, its very static.  Keep in mind that I only drive in town (major city) and I've tried switching station with the same outcome.  As of the call answering/talking via bluetooth, the sound output/input VERY, VERY, VERY BAD.  I can't hardly hear the person on the other end (with volume cranked up high) and the other person can't hear me.  So, I don't even use that feature anymore.  When there's a call, I take it off bluetooth and answer it using the phone's speaker.In addition, when I charge the phone via a USB cable and listen to music at the same time, there's a noise in the background.Overall, this is a very disappointing product and very expensive considering how much that it CANNOT do.  For what it does, I could have bought a much cheaper alternatives.  I'm definitely returning the product.
BOO, I used this for a few months and the part that sticks into the adapter in my car fell completely apart when I tried to take it out one day.  I attempted to put it back together several times, with no luck, and ended up giving up.  Poorly made.  It worked okay before it broke; nothing amazing, but for $50 I wasn't expecting digital sound quality, but I also wasn't expecting it to break either.  Would not recommend.
Broken during first use!
First day it arrived I plugged it in and the blue light lit up at the base but the head unit never lit up. I followed the directions exactly but the unit is dead. Very unhappy with this product.
I purchased the GOgroove Flexsmart as a hands-free device for my second car.  (For my other car, I use the Soundfly BT.)  The reason I went with the GOgroove was that it has a built-in microphone, so no wiring is necessary.  What a royal mistake!  When I speak on the phone, people say I either sound like I am in a well, or they outright cannot hear me.  It does no better than me placing my phone on speakerphone and talking with it on my lap.  Absolute waste of money!  With my Soundfly BT (which I've had for a year now), people cannot even tell I am speaking on a hands-free device.The GOgroove also has the annoying property of resetting to a lower volume level each time you turn off the car.  This in itself would be only an annoyance, however to turn the volume back up, I often accidentally change the frequency, since they are both controlled with the same push knob.  So, when you are trying to hear what the caller is saying, you inadvertently change it so all you hear is static from the radio.I just as well could have tossed $45 into the trash, because that is exactly where this device is going!
I'm really disappointed of this item and would like to return it.It doesn't have a stable contact with the car. I've tried it in two cars and in both it didn't work properly.While driving, after each rut or road bump it loses the contact and unplugs. When I was in the middle of a phone conversation, I had to hold it with hand not to lose the call.
This product did as advertised.  However the music quality was next to terrible.  I would try station after station and pick up background interferance.  The company refunded my money so this review is not for them.  They did fine.  Thanks all.
Worked well for the most part while it lasted.  Even at this price point, it should really have lasted longer.
Pros: CostCons: Bluetooth sound is horrible, wired sound is just as bad. I'm not sure why this product is rated as having good sound, it's worst than listening to music on an AM station. I'm using an HTC G2 with Power Amp installed, if anyone knows Power Amp then you know it can make anything sound good. I tried all sorts of different EQ settings and barely made this unit listenable. Maybe mine is defective, but I don't think so. Come on people, am I the only one out there with good ears.
I bought this transmitter in mid-May and I loved it. It was easy to set up, easy to tune, had great "blocking" quality (didn't let through a lot of interference). Super pleased. My husband was so impressed that even though his old transmitter still worked fine, he wanted one for his birthday, which was in September. So he got one and he also loved it. Well, about two weeks ago, mine just quit. I put it in the lighter socket and nothing happened. I toggled the on/off button, tried over a few days to see if it was just a glitch, but no. It's deceased. And then guess what! My husband's died just a few days later. We are SO disappointed. What a waste of money.
In my lighter power outlet. When I pulled out the device, the cheap plastic threads gave out and left the tip, fuse and spring in the socket. While trying to retrieve them, the metal parts completed the circuit causing lots of sparks and my fuse to blow. This thing is junk and quite possibly dangerous!
It really never gave a clear sound no matter what channel I used and the LONGGGGGGGGGGGG list of trouble shooting ideas that they gave me. DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT GREAT SOUND
It was great while it worked, but it quit working within about 10 months (and it's not my cigarette lighter...won't work in any vehicle).
Everything was going well for the past 8 months. I use this system every single day 2+ times/day and have come to rely on it for everything from talking on my phone (through my car speakers) to listening to music to keeping my phone charged and then today it died! It won't charge my phone and the power no longer stays on. This is really frustrating because this system was not entirely cheap.
Does not work. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! Does not have any instructions for correcting problems.  I would not recommend. I wasted $50.
I'm technically challenged,so when I opened the instructions and saw that I would/might need to go to my iPhone's (nonexistent) Users Manual I felt cheated.But I didn't have to, and it is working well.  I've answered the phone, cancelled a call, opened Pandora, listened to my radio, and my iPod on this device. Wow! Another thing,it's not big and bulky, so it almost blends in with the dashboard, gear shift stuff; and I don't feel the need to disconnect it and put it away each time I get out of the car.I've had contact with the distributor, just cause, and they've been great too. They asked for honest feedback. I hope to do business with them again. My shipment came quickly.GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter with Charging, Music Control and Hands-Free Calling for ANDROID, iPhone, Blackberry and Windows SmartphonesADDED NOTE:  When I first wrote, I had only used this item in my driveway...and it worked fine.  When I took it on the road, I dropped calls, the music from my phone would fade in and out, the.  FM station would sometimes break through...or even some other station would  break in.  I am amazed at the changes when in real-life use.If I hadn't waited so long to try this out after I bought it, I would return it.  Earlier when I spoke to the supplier, I felt they were very open to my feedback and would have worked with me.  This delay is my fault.  A shame....I had high hopes for this.
it seemed fine to listen a music for first few weeks,but after that, when i drive too much noisy!! 2004 A4...this car does not have AUX... that;'s why i ordered this one...good idea... but too much  interference. is there certain radio station which works better?i even cant return it, it's just over a month. andnow i am not using it to listen music in the car.i bought this from good review. but no one complains about this?? interesting...
Originally, I thought this was the best fm transmitter, but it just completely died after only six months of use
Bought this as a birthday gift for myself. The set up wasn't intuitive and it took a couple of tries to sync my iPhone. I could only find two FM channels that would work without feedback. The volume control would default to the lowest level when turning it back on. All of my phone calls sounded distant. Ultimately the device stopped working.
While I love this device when it worked, it failed after 4 months. The red LED segments that shows the FM frequency went blank, and it stopped transmitting.There's a 3-year warranty, right? Wrong. If you read the fine print, it says you have to register your product within 30 days.So I went to the site, and contacted the service department, and lied about when I bought it (they said to make sure you had a receipt, but never asked any details other that the date of the purchase.) So I said I bought it within 30 days, and waited. And waited.2 weeks later, and still no response. If this unit fails, you are out of luck. BEWARE!
I swear I read and reread what this product said it could/would do but it didn't.  I do not have an auxillary port in a car and wanted to listen to my iPod in the car. I thought I would be able to do that with this product but you need an auxillary port to plug it in to and nowhere did it say that (nor does it show in any of the pictures).
this is a great device to use - easy to setup and I like the fact that you can control the volume for the phone-call separate to that of the stereo to make sure that your ears don't start bleeding when you go from phone call to stereo (or vice-versa).But ... I recently used this in a friend's car and when I put it back into mine I noticed it wasn't working. The cause is that the nipple that contacts with the cigarette lighter was simply pushing back into the plastic housing, so that there is no-longer contact with the power source.No matter how great it was when it performed, the fact that it no-longer works so soon after I bought it is too big a disappointment - won't be buying another :(
I purchased this product with high hopes because of all the great reviews. I wanted it to replace my cassette adapter that I've been using, and hopefully get better sound quality in my 2003 chevy impala.I tried multiple different channels, but had absolutely no luck. On every single channel I tried there was horrible static, often so bad that I couldn't hear the music. After several hours trying to make this product work properly, I decided to give up and return it. I've had better luck with cheap walmart FM transmitters.It's possible I got a dud in the mail, but I don't really want to give the product a second try.
I've had this product for around 20 days. I've never been more dissatisfied with any electronic purchase I've made. The build quality is horrible and definitely isn't worth $60. clunky buttons and a cheap dial knob whose each step doesn't actually count. But this could be forgiven as I wouldn't change the settings often. However a couple of weeks in, it stopped taking power from my car. I checked my car output with another usb charger for my phone and it worked fine in any angle. However THIS product only works when I mess around with the angle and depth when I plug it into my car. Getting a clear channel is rare but I won't blame that on this device. Bluetooth pairing works fine. I've decided to return this product for a refund. I will NOT be buying from GOgroove ever again. Spending more on a dedicated car stereo with usb/aux-in seems much better.
Worked great while it works--especially for music. One day it would not take power, regardless of what outlet I plugged it in. I'd buy it again for the functionality, but I don't want to waste my money if it's going to break again.
This product arrived with LED characters missing and the sound quality over the radio hisses. There will always be an RF hiss behind the music and phone call. Would drive me nuts hearing that all the time! I returned the product same day I received it. Not recommended.
The quality is terrible.  It broke in my car and killed my cigarette lighter.  I tried contacting the company and 6 months later, still no response from them.  DO NOT BUY, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Was disappointed. A lot of static. Poor sound. Not worth it. Phone receiving was just as bad. Would not recommend
I purchased this item because our state law was changing and I needed a way to talk hands-free in my car.  The directions that came with this device were very sketchy and after trying to get it to work I finally called the seller and they acknowledged that the directions were lacking and referred me to a YouTube video.  This helped a lot.  I decided to start using this device in December, on the 14th. On Dec 15, I noticed that I no longer had WIFI on my iPhone 4S. Took it to the Apple store and was told the antenna was broken . Picked up a replacement iPhone and used the hands-free and the next day the the WIFI on the new iPhone had stopped working and took it back to Apple store again and got another iPhone. Used the hand-free again and it happened again. Got another iPhone and decided not to use hands-free device and the iPhone still works.  Seller and Manufacturer did not replace because of the length of time since I bought the device.  I thought that since the device was defective.  I was told that this has never happed ( like I made this stuff up!) Seller/manufacturer does not back their products!
This was too cumbersome and difficult to use on a regular basis.  I resorted to getting the Motorola and am now very happy.
I was really excited to get this to leverage my Spotify in my car.  I did pretty extensive research on Amazon, and bought this due to the high average reviews.However, just a week after using it, it no longer would "find" available free FM frequencies when using the synch button.  I tried this not only in Seattle (where it worked fine for weeks) but in remote areas of central and eastern Washington where there are an abundance of open stations.This is the first purchase I've made from Amazon the last few years that I regret.
The idea is great, but I could never get a clear transmission through my radio. I pressed the button and it scanned for a clear channel, I set my car radio to that station, it was clear so I'd make a call and start driving, and within seconds or minutes the channel would go all fuzzy. Not for me.
Either I have a defective unit or this is by design but this unit does not handle two phones the way one would think it should.  It can pair with different phones fine but as far as auto connecting to the phone, it can reconnect only to the last phone.  Even if the last phone is not around or is powered off, it will NOT connect to the previously paired and previously connected second phone.  It just has its blue light blinking.  Only way to connect is to initiate the connection from your phone.  This is unacceptable solution when two phones want to use this e.g. two drivers using the car at different times.Do I have bad or older firmware?  I am extremely disappointed as I was lead to believe by reading questions and answers that it handled multiple phones correctly.
got it in a timely fashion, item did not work well for me.  No hassel return, still looking for a good wireless transmitter
I don't care about the charging function, because I have a separate charger in my car already, but if you're counting on that function then beware. Mine stopped working after a couple days. Might be a bad cable or something, I don't know.For its basic function of connecting to your phone via Bluetooth and broadcasting to your stereo, it works great. No complaints.Update (4/4/2014)In addition to the problem with the charger, a few months (June 2013) after I posted this review the piece that fits into the charging outlet fell apart. I returned the pieces and got a new one. That one was fine until April 2014 when the power started blinking on and off (and I tested the outlet with another device so I know it's the GoGroove having the problem). So I'm sending this one back and I'm not going to set myself up for another headache in 6 months. $50 is too much for something with a disposable lifecycle.Amazon is awesome, by the way. They processed my returns for both of these purchases in a matter of minutes and without any trouble. So 5 stars for Amazon and 1 star for the GoGroove.
It worked fine until I took it out one day and the entire plug assembly fell apart. There were metal parts stuck inside my cigarette lighter plug and sparks started flying everywhere. Now I can't even put it back together because the parts are melted and will no longer fit together. Put the $50 towards a new head unit, you won't regret it.
I bought this product based off of price and reviews. The price was good, and the reviews were excellent. I really regret not taking the bad reviews into consideration! Fresh out of the box, the adapter started hissing when i set it up. This hiss wasnt subtle, it was very obvious. Then, after a day of dealing with that noise, the "next" and "previous" button stopped working. After that, I couldnt not get the power to work. It was only working at certain times in certain positions. I would tediously find a right position, only to hit a bump in the road and have it power off. Oh, and how could i forget that every time it restarts, it takes about five tries to connect to my phone. Overall, this product is junk. It is put together in a cheap manner, and that becomes very evident, very fast. Dont be cheap, and invest in something that works!
This gizmo worked fine for a few months and then it stopped working.  This was intermittent power, and then no power at all.  As it is now passed the return period, not sure what I can do at this point.  If you get it, expect it to be a throw away item in a few months.
Worthless product. Works only with volume turned up all the way up. And people said its really bad when using the product.
Did not work  when in lighter rolled downProgramed to phone poor reception.Purchased another unit that suction cup to windshield,  hands free work ,push button to answer, had for half year charges from sun coming through windshield
I wanted to return this item as it performed below my expectations. I could not get a clear station, and I live in Cow Hampshire! I filled out the return part of their website, expecting to get authorization back from them when instead I was given a whole host of things to try .... I don't have time for that, I need it to work out of the box. So I had to email them back to insist that I wanted to return the item and they decided to take the item back BUT with a restocking fee. This is outrageous and NOT a standard practice of the industry by any means and I think Amazon shouldn't be dealing with vendors who won't give a full refund.
This is a very well thought-out design but there are some limitations.  It does what I need it to do and I love it for that, but there were hoops to jump through. I'll give you the heads-up on the challenges I faced (I almost returned it!)1) BIGGEST IRRITATION: Can't charge and listen to music from my phone (Nexus S 4G) at the same time because the unit picks up electrical interference through the USB cable from my phone and plays a noticeable chattering noise over the speakers.  I have to either unplug it or use another charger if I want to listen to something via my phone (which is my primary use for this device).2) If you live in a large metro area, it's VERY difficult to find a station that will give you acceptable audio quality/volume.  I emailed the seller on the issue and they responded with a couple frequencies that work pretty well for my area.3) The vehicle I have it in is a 2004 Corvette Z06.  The only place to mount it puts it right betweent the shifter and the HVAC controls/stereo so it's always either blocking some other buttons or I'm punching it every time I shift into 3rd & 5th.4) I'm sure this is going to be the case for many GM cars; the first time I pulled the unit out of the 12V power supply, the recesses in the socket ripped off most of the rubber tabs on the sides of the unit plug. I'm not sure how you can avoid this. It still works fine but I wasn't happy.5) The volume over blutooth is quite low so I must hardwire the device in (cord included) when I want to listen to something louder.  This also means I can't use the play/skip controls on the unit so I have to control playback from the phone itself.Again, it does what I bought it for but not without some compromises. I probably would give it a better rating if I drove a different vehicle (other phones may be different too as far as the audio noise when charging), but for my purposes I had to knock it down a couple stars.Edit: I had to move this down to a 1 star rating.  I've used it with multiple phones and had poor performance regarding audio quality and volume across the board.  It didn't matter whether I was on bluetooth, wired in or what other variable I tried.  Also, the rubber tabs (as previously mentioned) just pulled off the first time I pulled it out of the socket by now the unit barely holds itself in place.  Now on top of that, the unit has died altogether.  I'm not sure what the warranty is or if I even want a replacement at this point.  If they send me replacement for free that is fine but I won't even pay for shipping cost to replace this.
I really wanted to like this product and there are plenty of reasons to like it.  It started turning itself off intermittently 6 weeks after I purchased it and then two months after purchase it will no longer turn on at all.  I contacted the company and they wanted me to pay to ship it there, wait for their analysis and a replacement.  For 40 dollars more I just bought a whole new stereo with a separate microphone as people complained I sounded distant with this product.  Worked as described when it worked.
Product works fairly well. Not the least bit happy with customer service. My charging cable fell apart after (4) uses and what should have been an easy exchange with no questions due to being a very recent purchase was made unduly complicated. They eventually said they would replace the cable but I moved on to a better quality product. I was not happy with the weasel words surrounding their begrudging responsibility for the cable that ships with their product. Be prepared that 'while charging' there is a whining noise heard through the system, at least in all my vehicles. As far as handling the streaming music, making and answering calls, it works well.09/03/11 - This unit became problematic a few weeks ago and has now finally stopped connecting with any of my bluetooth devices. I don't have the energy to deal with their abysmal customer support again so I'll scrap this unit; lesson learned. PLEASE BEWARE!!
Worked nice the first day. Then it just won't transmit to the radio, or will do then stop... Frustrating. I'm back to using headphones and using it just to charge my phone.....
It did not work as advertised and when we finally got it connected to car stereo over FM, there was this constant very irritating murmur - we returned itDefinitely a substandard product for the price
So disappointed. When I first hooked this up, I had to play with the neck to get the player to stay powered on. That seemed to do the trick, but if I bumped the unit or went over a speed bump (or even made a sharp turn) the unit would power off briefly. Besides being an irritation, this was a driving hazard, since the phantom radio station would then blare white noise and scare the bejeezus out of me. By the 3rd time I tried to use the unit on a long road trip, it completely stopped working until I twisted it around at a very funny angle and taped the go button taped town. Not a classy look. Incredibly disappointed and I'm sure it's too late to send back as defective.
Mine stopped supplying power from the plug. I took it apart and fixed that.  Soon afterwards it began only transmitting some of the time.  This issue if different than the original power issue.  Broke it two ways within 6 months.
I bought this device to connect my iPhone wirelessly to the AUX input of my car radio (Toyota Highlander '09).Unfortunately, the background noise generated by the Flexsmart when connected with an audio cable to the radio is so important that it defeats the purpose of a wireless connection.I use the Flexsmart now just as a charger and keep my iPhone connected directly to the AUX port with a wire.
this product is not worth the money, very disappointed in the product. it is cheap and does not connect well with your radio.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend after lots of research. I don't understand how it got such high reviews. The FM transmitter is weak and never overcame any static. After three spaced-out attempts, the button that finds an available channel stopped working and now it's stuck on one frequency. Don;t waste your money on this.
I ordered this device twice, and had to return it both times because one of the buttons wasn't working.  It sounded good from the reviews, but I'm not going to try a third time.
I got this because I drove a Ford Focus as a rental while my car was in the shop.  The Focus is a pretty good car, nothing spectacular, but it had the "Sync" system built in.  I got pretty spoiled pretty quickly.  I thought that I could get a bluetooth system that worked in my car for about $50.00.  Well, the short answer is that the FM transmitter technology isn't that good yet.  I don't know if it will ever be, but that's academic.  It's nearly useless for a long-distance drive because you have to keep fiddling with interference from the different radio stations as you go.  That takes too much attention when you're driving at 60 mph.  I thought the idea of a hands free device was safety.  It is nice to be able to hear your calls through the speakers.  The sound quality is pretty good - as long as there's no radio interference.  I've been told by more than a few friends, that the microphone is very bad.  I spent nearly five minutes trying to make a pledge to my local NPR station tonight because the poor volunteer couldn't hear me clearly enough to get the spelling of my last name.  It is easy to use, I suppose, and reasonably well put together, but, ultimately, no more than a failed experiment.
I returned it as soon as I could after I tested it out* cuts in and out between your music and the music on the station when u pass buildings or any other structures.* constant static in the background* play and pause button didn't work* skip forward and skip back button didn't work* wouldn't auto seek* catches interference from the charging cable* catches interference if my phone was to close to it*  when u call people it sounds like they are talking out of a paper towel roll.  * The other persons voice is muffled* you can't hear them over the static* the other person said they couldn't hear me either* I didn't try it but it looks like if u dropped it it would shatter in 20 piecesIt is a good idea but it was cheaply made. I would pay extra for the same idea if it worked right. not worth $50.00 at all. I should of listened to the reviews.
the gogroove flexsmart x2 advanced wireliess is a poorly produced product.  A ton of background noise and hiss.  I was very dissapointed with this product.  I bought it to replace another product that I had for years, but lost.  I wish I had not purchased this product and wasted my money..
I owned this thing for about three months and loved it. Sound quality was great, Bluetooth worked well.  However, suddenly, I pull it out of my cigarette lighter and the base had just completely come apart. I was then the proud owner of a piece of junk. Not gonna mess around returning it after I see they charge you for returns. I'll just avoid this product/company in the future (the future being NOW as I'm shopping for a replacement.)
I bought this for my son for Christmas. He liked it ok. however he said it was not the easiest to use because you had to set it each time he got in the car .ALSO IT BROKE HIS CIGARETTE LIGHTER INPUT. He was using it, then one day tried to take it out of the lighter input, and it pulled the whole input / connection out of the car dash and broke it.Because of this I would say probably not a good choice.
The only reason I give this piece of junk one star is because a zero star rating is not possible.  It broke the first time I tried to use it! After plugging it in to gauge how I would wanted to adjust the flexible &#34;neck&#34;, I unplugged it to make the adjustment.  the power plug fell apart.  The metal pin that actually supplies the power is now permanently jammed in the power socket in my car and has made it unusable.  I've had this car for 7+ years and have used all types of charger chords - cell phones, laptops, flashlights, GPS Units and a docking station for an iPod.  This is the first product that had this issue - and my list includes a few low-end chords from 7-11 that I purchased in an emergency situation.  I can't comment on how it operates because it broke before I could even turn it on!  BEWARE.I'll update this review to comment on Beach Audio's (supplier) customer service program once I've heard back from them.
I purchased this accessory for my car after reading all the reviews I thought it was th best bluetooth  but once I got it and use it twice I never used it anymore because of these reasons1. Very static so it makes it so hard to understand the other person in the other line.2. It cuts off call very often even i have full signal and i never had problem with my old motorola bluetooth speaker before.3. I purchased this mainly for my itunes, Iheart and pandora songs wirelessly for my car so i can listen to all my songs from my phone while im driving BUT AGAIN VERY STATIC.This product is not very CLear so DON'T Purchase it and Don't waste your money try other brands.I usually don't write reviews but I did it because I dont want other people to misguide with this product.
So I thought, if I buy a higher priced transmitter it's a higher end. So I bought this. It came late, and I worked for about two days after I left it in the car for an hour, after it wouldn't work. So now I have a 50 dollar paper weight and no music in my car.
I just received this as a replacement for my Monster transmitter/charger.  I was excited to have something that could be used with my iPhone and iPod.CONS* iPhone call quality is bad.  I can hear the caller, but the caller says I sound echoey or in a tunnel.  I've adjusted the volume in car and on adapter. Still not good.* Loud beep when I turn on car as it connects to phone's blue tooth.  Kids hate it and sometimes can be startling.* iPod has to be plugged in using headphone jack to transmit through radio.* To charge iPod, you need your OEM cord.* iPod sound quality is so-so.  Static comes from the provided headphone jack cord.PROS* Sound quality of iPhone music played through Blue Tooth is impressive, much better than plugged in iPod.  I haven't tried playing music while charging.* Search function for clear stations is great.I just wanted to have a charger/FM transmitter for the iPod. The iPhone features were a plus.  Not sure if I am going to keep it. $50 is not cheap but good luck finding anything cheaper.UPDATE:Item going back.  Headphone cord is flaking out (3 days old) and it is impossible to listen to iPod while iPhone is in car on blue tooth.  Every text message, phone call, email, etc. from iPhone stops the music from being transmitted from iPod. I have to unplug iPod and plug back in to get it to play again.  I can't even make a phone call without the music stopping.  The search continues...
I am returning.  I tried over 15 stations and still got static.  And to talk on the phone with my iphone5 you had to turn the volume all the way up.  Once you hung up the phone call you got blasted with music.
I loved  this transmitter, worked great, sounded great was very happy with the purchase..... until now.  Just over 3 months of use and it is stone dead doesn't even begin to want to work.. thought that maybe the fuse blew, replaced it, nothing..... Read it has a 3 year warrantee...... so now I am beginning the return/exchange process.  I am really hoping this company has good customer service.  i really want to get a replacement.  But I won't be paying 55 bucks again for 3 months of use.  not worth it.  Would rate a usable product 5 stars but one that breaks in 3 months  only worthy of 1
The product worked great for a few months.  I used it fairly infrequently but was satisfied with its performance when in use.  Unfortunately, after about 6 months, it just stopped functioning.  Won't power on at all.  So now I have a $65 piece of worthless plastic.  I have contacted the seller but have not heard back.  That was a few days ago.  Hopefully they will take action and resolve this in the name of good customer service.
I originally purchased the FlexSmart X2 in April and used it a couple of times a week. Steaming music over Bluetooth with an iPhone 4s and Spotify was easy and the quality was acceptable to me. It took a little time to find a channel that I could use for my entire commute, but once that was done I could just hop in the car and hit play. In early June the FlexSmart X2 stopped working. It no longer powers on. 2 months of use for a $50 device is pretty poor.
The device just stopped working in my car after 1 week.  I've tried emailing their customer support and will continue to do so until I get a response from them.  It worked wonderfully for 1 week, then all of a sudden stopped working.  The fact that their customer support is unresponsive is just as frustrating to me as the product not working.
2/15/2013: I bought this as 1) a hands free device and 2) for the FM transmitter for my iTunes.  It arrived this morning and I read all the instructions.  Installed it in the truck and the FM transmitter for music seems to work well.  I made a phone call to test the sound quality and there was so much static I could barely make out what the other person was saying (with the truck turned off).  It's a diesel truck.  I think we all know where this is going!  I'll play with it a bit longer in hopes over the next two weeks it performs better - otherwise it'll be returned.3/11/2013: I've given this a month and the static is the deal breaker.  I judge this based on the number of times I had to ask each person to repeat themselves, sometimes to the point they said "just call me when you get off that damn thing".  So, it's going back.
When I first got this product I loved it; it was exactly what I had wanted, it came quickly, everything seemed perfect. Then after a month the thing stopped working entirely!! I contacted Amazon about returning it and they said it had been more then 30 days so I would have to go through the company selling the product. The company did not honor my 3 year warranty and stopped answering emails. I'm NEVER buying from this company again, I don't suggest anyone else buy from them either.
I bought this one a few months back. I was not very happy with the sound quality and it varies time to time. Sometimes  the sound quality is good but not anywhere near to that you will get using an aux. Most of the times its worse.On top of everything, i bought one from ebay for $2.79 and it works as good as this one. I was so surprised that it has such a high ratings. Trust me you can find one on eBay with the fraction of a price and the sound quality is THE SAME. I wish I could return this.
This product works as described. syncs up with blue tooth phone, picks up my voice great with my hands free calls, charges my phones, fm transmitter works great with my stereo. I plug in my ipad for more music to be transmitter to my stereo. That works great. Can't be happier with it.
Product came quickly, but did not work. Would not even power on. Wasilling to exchange but neither Amazon or the seller would exchange so had to return for refund.GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter with Charging, Music Control and Hands-Free Calling for ANDROID, iPhone, Blackberry and Windows Smartphones
Pros:Pretty good transceiver quality, sounded good with the 3.5 jack that was included.Included a few USB cables and a 3.5 jack for audioCons:Bluetooth sound was terrible, had no bass and was very shallow.When power was connected got a power whine in the audio signal, wasn't that bad when you had louder music on, but very noticeable on quite music.Connectors for the base and the main body, very shoddy. Slightly tap it and the unit would reset. Meaning I couldn't use the surface buttons.After a day of use, the main control dial click in stop working, meaning I could not adjust the audio from it or use the clear scan feature.After 3 days, with decent usage and being handled like the thing was made of glass (seeing as if you bumped it, it would reset) complete system failure, wouldn't even turn on. Thought it might be the socket, plugged in old iPod transmitter and worked fine.Over all, terrible purchase, I'm upset that I will have to wait on the company for the return to go through, will not be buying from this vendor if this is the quality product they give. Yes I know it might be a lemon but still upset because my car is now my office and need something like this immediately. Will be RMAing it immediately for as much of a return as I can get.
great product well built nice sound with absolut no problem  ive used it whit a samsung galaxy note 2 and pairt well but not with mine because dident arrived here at me but i had a friend that borowed his and tri it for a while
This seemed to be good product but after getting this product and using it for a while It does not seem to be much useful.This product may be useful for you if you DO NOT want to use your radio in car, but if you want to use your radio then this product is worthless.You can get more value for your money if you get a GPS system with bluetooth, which costs a bit more and then you can use GPS / bluetooth and radio.
I'm not impress with this product at all. The sounds quality is very poor on my car. So, i tried it with my parents, friends car and the sound quality is still very poor. The hissing noise is overpowering the music. I tried to crank the music louder but the hissing noise grows exponentially faster than the song itself. This expensive FlexSMART whatsoever is CRAP.
Initially it was great with good sound quality.  After 6 months like most of the bad reviews reported, it would no longer turn on.  I will be looking into a different option rather than dealing with the return process that sounds horrid.
This is a nice product that produces a strong transmission for good quality audio. It is also nice that you can charge your phone while you use it. HOWEVER, mine broke after just a few months of use. Because of this, I definitely would not recommend this product.
Not at all what was expected.  After fiddling with it and trying to learn the buttons, it is just a pain in the ass.  I don't consider myself an expert with technology, but I'm certainly not a novice.  Just wasn't worth the effort I was putting into it.  Laying on the floor board.
The adapter did not even turn on once for me. Tested my car port and other devices/adapters work just fine.
this didn't work for me in the Seattle area. I can't get any clear channels to play music. every channel was static-y.
Gogroove x2 is junk .never works 3months old .no help from Gogroove they won't reply to my emails .save your money get something else . I pick up the soundfly view love it.
Powered it up. Power on blinked once and never came back on. Tried again later, nothing. Thrown in trash. Waste of money for me.
Got this for Christmas and three months later it stopped working. Now I'm back to using my 8 year old itrip device until I find something better. Do not waste your money.
Sounds distant . Not good. Don't buy it. spend the extra money to have a plug installed. Not worth the hassle.
This thing is a piece of junk. It did not charge my galaxy s2 and the reception is terrible on every single radio station. Buy this if you want to listen to static.
I purchased this item based on the positive reviews, and neglected the negative review on quality and durability. I shouldn't have. Stopped working after 5 weeks. Sound quality not that great. A better solution if you have an auxiliary port on your radio is to buy a cable and just plug it in. See iBOLT Dock'n Play cable.
Base on all the positive reviews, i chose to get this over the Motorola Roadster 2.  So disappointed when i plugged it in and it wouldn't power on.  now i have to package it up and send it back.  so disappointed!
Stopped recognizing my iPhone and audio cable stopped working after 33 days. Because it was 3 days after the return policy ended, I was told I had to pay to have item shipped back and repaired. Ridiculous. Thought it was a solid item at first, but it crapped out on me and the customer service is pathetic.
FM reception staticky and never able to actually get unit to work and returned to go with totally different design. Would not recommend.
I have to admit, this product worked great initially but it only has a 30 day return policy which should give you an idea about how confident they are in their own product.  About 4 months after getting it, the blue tooth transmitter started developing a whole lot of noise in its transmission.  One month later, the phone transmitter started to go bad so I had to turn the radio volume up almost all the way to hear the person speaking to me on the phone.  I went to my purchase invoice and saw, to my dismay, that the product only has a 30 day guarantee.  I should have known that a manufacturer who does not believe in their own product lasting more than a month, is not worth buying from.  Buyer beware!
It completely fell apart the first time using this product. Not only did all the parts break, they broke in my charging port in my car ruining that as well. I may have been the random person this happens to, but very disappointed. I am now dealing with the manufactures warranty which is also a mess. My advice is to not purchase this product just in case you are&#34;lucky&#34; like myself and now have to pay for someone to fix my charging port in my car.
so i paid $50 for this and a few weeks later it just stopped working.... one day it worked the next it didn't. I would not suggest this item at all. I would not even ask for an exchange for a different one, just give me my money back.
I bought this 6 months ago to play music in my cruiser; however, the bottom plug in is poorly designed and fell off in my power adapter. I attempted to return it but was passed my return period. Avoid this item...
No longer broadcasts to fm after a few weeks of useBefore that, it worked perfectly. I cannot get warranty or contact company to get it fixed or replace defective item.
This broke 6 months after purchase. They outsource their warranty to some rude company that is requiring I spend $15 to have it repaired. That's a warranty? I call that a scam of making bad products and then putting in a cost barrier so that people won't actually use the promised warranty. Buy a Jabra instead, that's a reputable company that stands behind their products.
I found the product only ever mediocre. There was always a bit of static, and the volume had to be turned WAY up on the stereo to hear the music or voices from a phone call. The static gradually got worse, and now it is to the point, where I can't even use it because you simply can communicate with the person on the other end. I am disappointed that it's life was so short. I am surprised by all the positive reviews.
There is nothing I like about this item. The sound, whether on phone calls or playing music is full of static; it does not have a voice dial option (my bad, I suppose, for not seeing that in some other reviews, but it advertises 'hands free calling'...); it has an annoying flashing light that is distracting during night driving. The only thing it does remotely well is charge my Razr, yet I cannot get it out of my power jack to replace it with a simple charger. UGH!
This has to be the only purchase I have made on Amazon that is purely a piece of junk. No matter how you set it up there was always static coming through the speakers. It was impossible to use with your phone. It quit all together after about 60 days. There is an internal USB port on it and that still works......we still use that part as a cell phone port charger.I really really wanted to like it.
I do not understand all of the good reviews. I just wanted a way to listen to iTunes through my car stereo (don't have an AUX input) and talk hands-free. I am not picky when it comes to sound quality.PROS: 1) Flexible neck/style. 2) Easy to use/not a lot of buttons/simple. 3) Connected easy with my iPhone4CONS: 1) When you push the button to move to the next song, it either stops playing; goes to the previous song; the song starts over; or once in a blue moon actually goes to the next song. 2) The radio stations it picks to transmit through are not good ones. 3) Bluetooth is not that great. Person sounds like they are in a box. It's not horrible but not great.No problem returning it. Thus, I would buy from this seller in future.
- Has a USB Charge for my IPod, GPS- FM Transmitter for my Phone / Ipod- Play of memory stick/sd card  ( This does not support ..which I was aware of)- Bluetooth Connectivity to my phoneThe above were my needs and i got 3 of my four requirements met , so I compromised on one.When there is no static the sound quality is great.Connects so easily to my phone as well ipod in seconds..Things I am Un Happy about- There is occasional Static that many have already mentioned and it is loud sometimes which is disturbing, and I did read it is due to other interferences it  does not happen everytime. However as i was driving I could see static going from loud to none.- I am a little unsatisfied with the price i paid for it since i had to compromise on not having an option to use a stick and the staticI have had it for just a week so will update after my plan to take it for a long ride. I am hoping it would not be that bad since most of the highways I assume there wouldnt be as much of interference.Sep 16 2013I am still happy with the device, it worked great on long drive. I had occasional issues dues to interferences however I kept changing the channel to one that is free and there on no static whatsoever..I am happy with the productOct 15 2013Well the device does not work anymore after 4 months of limited use, had to get another usb charger and in the process of finding some other FM transmitter that can last...for it to stay for only 4 months I would not have spend 40$ on it...not worth. If given a choice I would not buy this.
Did not like this product to hard to use of course I don't like things in my ear. And to put in car and have to do somany functions did not meet my requirement.  Jo Ann
My sister bought this for my niece XMAS 2012 and she loved it, it has great features and works really well. I decided to buy one for myself this past Oct (2013) and have been raving about it to anyone who will listen....however, it is only 3 months old and already broke, the small metal piece (looks like a fuse)  that connects the charger with the cigarette lighter fell out. It still works but if I want to take it out the piece come out and I am stuck searching for it on the floor. I asked my niece if that happened to her and she said no but the button on top broke off on hers in Dec and she can't use it anymore. As much as I would like to recommend this product because it really does work well, nothing should break after 3 months (especially since I've only removed it from the lighter no more than 4 times).
I bought this for daily use in my work van. At first I loved the thing, but after a few weeks that turned to disappointment. It started cutting out anytime I went over a little bump in the road, presumably because some part of the wiring was loose. The plastic parts on the control hub also started getting loose. Eventually the cheap rubber piece that helped hold it in the cigarette lighter tore away and it would no longer stay mounted.It has been nearly a year since this stopped working and I haven't bothered getting a different bluetooth transmitter because my experience with this thing was to bad. I'm guessing the top is too heavy for the cheap components.
Nothing but static poorly built cheap product but I found a really good one at bestbuy so don't waste ur money on this
I only got to use it twice and it broke.Someone tell me how to return it.Or get my money back.
The item worked fine for a month, but a week or two after the return period lapsed, and on probably the sixth time I plugged it into the lighter socket, the fuse assembly broke, The product functioned well enough to recommend to friends, but after understanding how cheaply it must be made (noting all the other reviews for the same failure) I won't recommend or buy GOgroove again.
When you play music thru your vehicle speakers there is way too much static and interference. I would recommend you look else where for something that works better.
This device worked great until it completely stopped working. I've only had it for a little over a month and it no longer works. Do better GOgroove.
I set this product up and it worked, the next time I went for a drive (few hours later) it wouldn't connect to my phone nor go into pairing mode.. Returned the product and am now waiting for amazon to receive my return...
This one does not work. Can I change it?I tried many times, it just does not work. Thank you.
I couldn't find a blank station without a lot of static/feedback in the background while the music was playing and especially in-between songs.  Terrible quality.  Plus, it won't automatically sync up to iHeart radio or Pandora. I'd have to bring it up manually every time. Highly disappointed...
I can't even touch the transmitter without it losing connection to the power source and turning itself off and then disconnecting itself from the bluetooth device.  Very frustrating ... can't accept calls or anything involving the actual touching of the unit.UPDATE - 02/14/13:I attempted to utilize their "3 Year Warranty" and they make it the most cumbersome mess that no one would ever want to go through with it.  They saved a few bucks by turning me off from actually going through with the warranty process, but I, nor anyone I know, will ever buy a product from them again.
This product was promising at first, I had it for 2 days running awesome. Took a little driving to find the right station but after I found one, it was great. Then on the 3rd day, it seemed to have lost power, the frequency was coming in terrible, I tried to change it, but still nothing. It was like the power had drastically been reduced by something inside the unit.  I returned it, will try something else.
I just bought this and tried it for the first time today. It was easy to set up, although hard to find a clear radio channel to use.  I unplugged it from my car to hide in glove compartment while parked.  When I plugged it in again, it would not turn on.I tried both outlets in the car, which I know are working because they will charge my phone.I have contacted seller for replacement or refund.  Will update review depending on the seller's response.
The product was broken when it arrived.  This review is based on the product I received and not a working one.I've had a wired FM transmitter for several years and figured it's about time I upgraded to wireless.  I went with this thinking it fit the bill pretty well and had good overall reviews.  When it arrived I was pleased with the overall quality...and then I plugged it in.  After unpacking my Flexsmart X2, I connected the unit to the power source and plugged it in.  Pressed the power button, blue light turned on, easy enough.  Next I decided to unplug and adjust it, however that was apparently a huge mistake.  When I pulled the car charger part out of the power supply, it literally just fell apart.  This left a couple small metal pieces behind which in turn caused several sparks and blew out the fuses.  So not only could I not use the unit since it was very poorly assembled, it also caused the fuse for my 2 accessory power supplies to blow, which then ended up costing me money and time.  On a side note, my car is fairly new and in the 3 years I've owned it, I've never had a problem with either power supply or the several chargers I've plugged in to both of them.  So all in all, by spending $45 on the GOgroove Flexsmart, I had no working product, had to spend a few bucks to replace my fuse, and waste a couple hours figuring out what was wrong and replacing it.  It's possible that the working product is decent, however the one I received was just a ridiculous waste of time and money.
A week after purchasing, the digital display began malfunctioning. Half of each number was missing, making it difficult to guess what FM frequency the transmitter was on. The other parts still functioned and the concept is good, so I stuck with it.Now, about six months out, the display issues have gotten worse -- sometimes there is no display at all. Plus, if my car goes over a bump or if the dial on the transmitter is pressed down too hard the device will restart itself. Each time it restarts, the connection to my cell phone is lost, and the music or books on tape will stop and need to be restarted. At first it only happened on the big bumps. Now it happens about every half mile.Good concept, but not reliable.
This broke after a few months. We tried bending it in a number of positions to maintain a connection, to no avail. I've never been so disappointed with a purchase as I have with this one. Don't buy!!
Mine was defective right out of the box. I complained and had to sent if back. The process was long and a huge hassle. Not worth it.
I bought this at Christmas time and no more than 6 months later, it is already broken.The button won't stay down to power it on.From the other reviews that I've read, I'll keep my $8+ to send it back and get it repaired.I'll just use electrical tape to keep the button in the "on" position.What a waste of money!Oh, and when the charger is plugging into my iPhone, as it's playing, I hear a constant high pitch squeal through the speaker.Save your money. Do not buy this!
I registered the flexsmart X2 on the website took it out to use it for the first time and the top of the digital display dose not work .... I went back to the warranty website and they dont have my Email on file so guess what no warranty . Would not recomend that anyone buys a Go Groove product.
I am unsure how this item has so many positive reviews.  I have tried numerous fm channels and still so much static and popping... It is driving me nuts.  I have better quality just using the speaker feature of my android phone.  I threw away the package-- otherwise I would return this pronto.
syncing with your device, and finding a compatible station is nearly impossible if your time is important, very frustratingIf you want comments don't give me a word count demand
It can advance, pause, etc. wirelessly with my iPhone 5, but I could not get it to play through my FM radio. It's on the way to the landfill.
If i have an option i would return it , most of my calls people keep saying i cannot hear clearly. I should have picked a different product.
Highly disappointed in this product.  I hooked this up to my lighter and the next thing I heard was pop and then I smelled a burning smell.  I immediately took it out of the lighter before it did damage to my vehicle.  Thankfully my car was not damaged, but the GOgroove FlexSMART that was sent to me was obviously damaged, now I'm not confident in this product or the distributer of this product.
I had high hopes for this device, but it did not even power on for me.  I work at radioshack, so I understand how these work.  It was fully pushed into the outlet. To make sure it was, I plugged in another device and compared how deep each went, they were both identical.  I replaced the fuse, still no luck.  Of course I hit the power button and even checked the contacts.  Tried it in two cars and each outlets.  I will be returning it and buying another and hopefully it works.
Simply is not working with iPhone4. It works for two days and then stop working. I tried everything: re-connect Bluetooth, change channels, etc. Nothing helps. Be aware of this product.
Description says, "Superior design combines important features in just one unit. Play music, make hands-free calls and charge your device."  Charging feature doesn't work with iphone!
I don't believe it was the item,  just the reception in my area. I was not able to find a clear station to use it on in my car.
I just tried this product in my car for the first time. Syncing was easy and the sound was impressive. However, when I took it back out of the cigarette lighter just 5 minutes later, the tip fell apart! I have not had this product out of the package for 15 minutes, and it already fell apart! DO NOT BUY!!!
Worked great for first dozen times then sound cut out. works for 5 minutes then nothing.Was very happy until now.Would like replacement but don't know if it's worth the time.
Worked once, and then couldn't get any audio after that. Frustrating as I spent hours trying to get it to work again. Not worth the trouble.
The sound quality of this product is very poor. I was better off buying that cassette media from walmart. Worst of all I didn't keep the packaging so I couldn't get a refund. :(
I wanted so much for this product to be good. It was easy to pair with my smart phone, sound quality was acceptable for an FM transmitter... and then I went to unplug it, causing it to spontaneously self-destruct. The whole cigarette lighter plug came apart, dropping a collection of small parts into the impossible to reach recesses of my car.The problem appears to be the cheap construction of the fuse holder. Any stress on the plug will allow the end cap to pop off and vomit your fuse, plastic plug, metal pin and little metal ring unceremoniously to the ground. The metal ring (you can see it in the picture of the item at the end of the plug) is not up to the task of holding the plug together sufficiently enough to prevent the barrel plug from coming out of the threads that screw it in place. A drop or two of glue in the manufacturing process would've helped, or better yet, an end cap that screws OVER the cigarette lighter plug instead of into it.I contacted the company to try and get service under the warranty included with the device and was told it was not their problem and I would have to deal with Amazon to get the item replaced.All in all, I expected more from something that I spent $50 on. This is going back.
This unit feels and looks fairly cheap, the buttons are loose and the overall build quality is low.When touching the device even slightly it may turn of for a second or two and than turn back on. I checked that its not being disconnected from the power source while i move it, but it still does that.Volume levels are terrible, i had my IPhone 4 all the way up and my car radio as well, but the sound was maybe half way if i had listened to a regular radio station.When turning on the car there are a few seconds of very loud white noise until the device connects, since the volume is low when using the device you usually leave the car radio volume up when you turn it off but it hits you when you turn it back on.I liked the options for 3.5mm input and output can be very useful.Overall the device is good, I don't think it deserve the very high ratings it receives right now.For this high price you should get a better product, ebay has cheap products that would do the same for a fraction of the cost.Seller asks for 20% restocking fee in case you would like to return it. Not acceptable for a product that cost 55$ + paying shipping both ways.
This product worked amazing at first, it was the clearest of any FM transmitter that I've ever tried and I loved that it was wireless. However, after only about two months of use the Bluetooth function quit working. The device still has power, so now I just use it as a charger. Pretty expensive for a charger!
I have bought 2 of the Gogroove devices and both have broken down.  It looks like they are made to only last about a year.  I was satisfied with the ease of use and how I worked.  But after the second one broke I am convinced these things are made of cheap material.  The first one I bought broke as I pulled it out of the lighter.  The metal piece ripped right off.  The second one still baffles me.  I took it off the lighter with no issues and after I placed it back it just wouldn't work.  It had been plugged in ever since I bought it.  Everything was working fine and nothing.  I checked the fuse of my car and the lighter itself and they work.  I would not be surprised if these reviews may be fake and paid off by the company itself to increase it's star rating.  Which was the main reason I bought these and even bought their Bluetooth Orb.  Hope that don't break soon.  STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used this product, and it worked well for the first few weeks - only when the aux mode is connected to my car internal aux line.  Direct connection via radio waves were always noisy.I continued using this product connected via Aux mode for few weeks, then it stopped working.  The Mic still works, and the person on the other side can hear me.  However, I cannot hear the incoming voice.However, using the same Aux line, connected to this product, I can remotely, via blue tooth connect my phone audio player and it works well.  Just the incoming phone connection wont work.
Work great but it messes up the CPU on your car if you have a fairly newer model car. The product does work great but the side effects are terrible.
Always had a background static or hiss.  Only gave it a star since i returned it.  I rather buy a car stereo with bluetooth technology built it so i get hiss.  Dont get me wrong it works ok and when you crank the music you dont notice much of the hiss.  Again matters where you live and how clear a non radio station signal comes in.  Again I sent it back but im buying a stereo deck for the car with the technology.  But if you are looking for a cheap way to listen to your Android or Music MP3 player in your car this is it.  Just for me I want it perfect and this device falls short of being clear and static/hiss free when in use.
Got stuck in my car port, and mechanic had to break it to get it out.  Not happy.  :( :(
Very easy to pair and setup.  In-call audio was acceptable.  Music audio was not.  I tried adjusting bass and treble and no matter the setting, the music was very muffled and muddied.
I bought this to play my iPhone in an older car (no aux jack).===Minuses* Open frequency finder doesn't work; NOTHING happens.* Volume control (described in manual) doesn't work; NOTHING happens.* Sound over Bluetooth has constant background hiss.* Play, skip forward/back buttons do not work over Bluetooth.* Sound over line in jack has limited dynamic range; any high volume sounds are overmodulated.===Pluses* Sound makes iPhone built-in speaker sound amazing in comparison.* Manual open frequency finding trains your finger dexterity.
Got it and plugged it in.  Works great, crystal clear for exactly 1 minute then it gets hot and turns to static.  It did everything it was supposed to do but for 1 minute.  After that you have to let it cool down for about an hour.  Well I want to listen to my music and talk on the phone for more than that.  Bad.  Find a dock and put your phone in that.  At least it will get charged as you go.
Worthless when volume is turned up. It always has static. I wish I would have returned item in allotted time
This product needs to tune to a radio station to work.  Problem is, radio station scans never consistently provided a station, sometimes taking 5 minutes, sometimes scanning for over an hour with no results.  I am very disappointed and am returning it.  Also, once you get all the cords sticking out of it, it is cluttered and an eyesore.
I live in a large city and there were no channels weak enough not to cause major static on the device.  The auto seek button did nothing.  Had to return it.  Was really surprised from all the positive comments on he device.
I think the device is very cheaply made.  The first time it broke, probably 6 months in, the volume/channel knob no longer worked.  I paid to ship it back and get a new one.  Now, another year out, the power adapter broke.  Inside the power adapter, there is a spring that pushes the silver button out that is stuck into the cigarette adapter.  The piece of plastic that this sits on broke.  Now I am noticing that I cannot find a single channel without static.
Worked great for 6 months then fell apart inside my cigarette lighter. Looks like this has happened to other people as well.  DO NOT BUY, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
I got it hooked it up and it was nothing but static, the buttons on the transmitter did not work with my phone or iPod, and you could hardly hear it. But I did find that just using the auxiliary cable without the transmitter it's perfect. Don't spent the fifty if you device will do just fine with a auxiliary cable you can get those cheap any where.
I really loved this thing. It worked well allowed me to charge and of course talk. Which I loved. The problem was that it STOPPED working a short while after I began using it. I would say less than 3 months of use. Although, it was heavy usage.Even though it worked well I have tried so many different options I have decided to just spring for a new stereo. I should have done that in the first place. It worked with both iPhone 4S and iPhone 3G. I didn't try it with any other devices.
I was unable to get the product to Sync with my I phone. Seems like a good product if it would have worked.
I use this device for a couple of weeks now. The initial purpose was to have hands-free calling capabilities in my car. I stopped using it since the feedback I received from people on the phone was that sound quality is bad and I'm difficult to understand through the built in microphone.I then tried to find an external microphone to get the microphone closer to my head. I tried several microphones to connect to the input port of the transmitter but it resulted in loss of volume on my counterpart I was supposed to hear through the radio. I then looked at the company's web page to find out more about an external microphone but there was no indication as to how to connect to the input port (let alone to be able to purchase one as an option).I'm starting now to look for a different device that really allows for full hands-free capabilities.
Worked goo and then it Stopped working after 2 months. Save model number and register your product for a 3 year warranty.
This product would be great, if it actually did work. The volume is so low you can't actually hear the music unless it's up all the way and then it's so distorted that you really can't understand it. Do not waste your money!
Within a week of normal use, the assembly that keeps the power contact (a glass tube with metal ends) in place had come apart and the tube shattered. This was from normal use. Do not buy.
I am not impressed with this product at all. I am a road warrior and the reason why this product fails miserably:1) Size and weight - Not at all travel friendly2) White Noise - pathetic disturbance3) Have to manually tune to the radio station4) Nickled and dimed on shipping & return5) If you return back in mint condtion within a week you end up losing 40% (shipping cost included)You are better off buying a aux cable and Cig lighter to USB converter combined price of less than $15 and get the same functionality.Pathetic customer service on top of everything.
I ordered this car charger / speaker for my dad and in a week in a week it stopped working. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!
Worked for about two weeks then, like other curiously downvoted reviewers have mentioned, the plug broke into four pieces. This appears to be at least a semi-common problem, so be careful.
NOTE: I was using this device with an iPhone 4I got this to replace an old El Cheapo knock-off of the Belkin adapter that you plug into the head phone jack to transmit to the radio.  Honestly, I was much happier with El Cheapo.  I think I paid about $10 for my old one and about $50 for this one.So this thing does work, but the signal strength is incredibly weak.  No matter what station I tuned it to the quality and volume of the music being transmitted was really weak.  It almost always had a noticeable static hiss in the background.  Seriously my old cheap one did a better job transmitting a stronger signal.  Also, the USB charging ability cannot be used while transmitting music because having it plugged into your phone causes an annoying screeching sound.  You can use it to charge your phone but not while listening to music.Lastly, the cigarette lighter plug got STUCK in my cigarette lighter jack.  I have a 2006 Subaru Outback and the damn thing literally got stuck in the jack.  I had to get pliers and a screwdriver to get it out and I nearly ripped the entire jack out of my car.  Because of this fact alone I wanted to give this thing negative stars.I don't know if the product I got was just defective or if they are all the same, but based on my experience I would highly recommend staying away from this product.  Save yourself some money and get the cheap one.  Transmitting your music through the radio is always going to produce a mediocre quality sound so why spend a bunch or money on a fancy one when you can get one for 1/5 the price?
I bought this and could never get a clear station. The music always had heavy static in the background. I have had it for about 4 months (just outside the return period) and the power to the display cuts in and out rendering the unit unusable. When trying to return it, the seller refused as I had just missed the 90 day return cutoff and directed me to the manufacturer who wants me to pay to ship it there, pay for them to ship me a new one (IF they deem the old one broken) and wait for god knows how long. I almost never regret an amazon purchase, but I'm kicking myself for this one. I paid around 70 dollars for this piece of crap.
This product only worked for me for about a week. I don't recommend to get this seeing as it can't be reliable. Waste of money!!! It won't even turn on after it randomly stopped working after a week.
Just does not work good.  People were always complaining about the sound quality.  I went ahead and bought the BlueAnt Sense and it is so much better and no one complains about the sound
This item arrived and did not work at all.  I tried it in both of my cars and couldn't hear anything but static.  It also had problems going into the correct mode to connect to my iPhone 4.  I would absolutely NOT recommend this item.
I imagine most of these reviews happen shortly after receiving the product.  I waited.The sound quality is just ok.  If it was good, I'd use it all of the time, but because it sounds worse than FM, after a few weeks I would use it just once in awhile.It was also annoying when I turned it off.  The radio static would blast through the speakers.  You have to be sure to turn it down before disconnecting.It's useless as a speaker phone.After about a year, the numbers were no longer readable.A few months after that, it stopped connecting.Waste of money.
I bought one in June 2012. It failed in January 2013. Seller said to contact manufacturer. I've done so repeatedly. It is now February 2013 and I'm still trying to get an RMA from the manufacturer. The three-year warranty seems to be fiction.
This thing only works for 2 weeks. Then it is simply DEAD...and you can NOT return it........holy crap :-(AVOID THIS!!
The first problem came when using it to transmit and charge my Droid Incredible phone. Clearly that had been one of the big pros of this transmitter.When charging the phone, and playing music, an awful buzzing occurred, making it awful to listen to music.I contacteed the maker, and here is what they said:"We are sorry to hear that the static caused from charging your phone while using FM transmission is heavy.At this time there is no fix for the issue, however there may be a fix with the future development of this item.Please accept our apologies for any inconvenience that this may cause."(not quite what I wanted to hear.)Shortly thereafter, the device fell apart, with clearly cheap components used to put it together,
I had listed the review below just after getting our first GoGroove converter at Christmas time. It stopped working shortly after we tried it in two of our cars, just functioning as a 12 VDC charger after that. We sent it back to the Accessory Power company and we got our replacement unit about 3 weeks later. After testing it in my wife's van, and it working in Bluetooth mode with my Droid2 Global phone, I gave it to my daughter, thinking that it would be fine. Nope! After plugging it in, no lights came on, the unit was dead!! I then tested it in my car with the same result. I am very hesitant to get another one sent out, as this may also be faulty. A great disappointment, because as you can read below, the device could be a great boon to hands free driving, and to Auxiliary input on older cars. Too bad...If you or a loved one has a car that does not have Blue Tooth or an Auxiliary cable input, then this is for you! It is easy to tune in on the radio, has very good sound quality, and pairs easily with both phones and iPods that have this wireless feature. If you do not want to interface in this way, or you already have a phone paired with the GoGroove, then use the auxiliary cable input instead. The unit also powers both phones and other USB type devices. there are several USB cables to fit most phones and iPods.One thing that was not so good was that the volume adjustment function of the main control knob would not always come on when needed. Instead, you would turn the knob and cause the radio channel to change frequency. Not a big deal, and once you set the volume you should not really have to change it again, but in the beginning when you are setting up the device, it was a bit of a frustration. Also, only one Blue Tooth device can be paired with the FM converter at a time, so choose wisely! That is not unique to this model, just something to consider...All in all, a really neat addition to most cars, and it is a safety requirement too. Buy it!
it doesn't connect well with my car at all.  better to get something else, it doesn't connect well. wouldnt suggest
I just got a new car and it doesn't have Bluetooth capability. I wanted a device that would let me connect my HTC phone to it and stream from Heart Radio or Pandora. It allowed me to but after an hour of trying to figure it out. The device is way too confusing if you want it for that. It also doesn't make the radio stations more clear like other reviewers are saying. I have no problem with that in my car and didn't really need this for that feature. I am returning it and don't recommend it to anyone that is looking for a Bluetooth streaming device that'll connect with your phones Bluetooth.
That's all I have to say.  Due to my job, it is difficult for me to return items, so I kept it and will probably just toss it. It appeared to power on and my iPhone's bluetooth was on, my phone never recognized the device and I was therefore unable to pair it.
I had this flex smart *2 a couple weeks ago, it only worked one time, after that the sound becomes not clear, if u try  bluthooth there is no signal at all .. I'm relly disappointed and I will return
I bought this product about 6 months ago and used it in my Subaru Outback. I realized when I put it in the cigarette lighter, it was really tight and didn't want to come back out. I figured I would find a way to get it out later, so all was well for the next few months. The product actually works pretty well. However, just last week the product kind of flopped over in my car, and when I looked it had pulled the cigarette lighter socket out of the car. Now I have no more power to my cigarette lighter and the product is still completely stuck in the socket, just dangling there! Now I have a product I can't use and a completely broken cigarette lighter! Don't use it, it's not worth it.
I am sorry to say but this product broke in 4 days, literally 4 days, so I am not pleased at all. I have nothing good to say if a product break in 4 days. Since this product cost $49.99 I assume it was good and to my dismay it was awful. I do have to say when it worked it worked flawlessly for the 4 days. Then without warning it did not work. So I assume it could have been the outlet, so I tried other products I have that can go in the outlet.. nothing, then I tried it in another car.. nothing, so I thought it was the fuse on the device, I changed it I even used the same fuse on another product and the fuse worked so it had to be the actual device. I am so upset right now. No one like to feel cheated of a product they purchase and thought the best of only to find out that it was an awful product. This is the first time I bought a product from amazon that did not work. Unfortunately I did not dig far enough to see these comments else I would have avoided this product.
I bought two of these fm transmitters.  I loved the first one and ended up giving it to my dad.  I then bought a second one for myself.  It worked for about a month. I checked and it had a blown fuse, so I went to Radio Shack bought a package of four fuses and replaced the blown one.  I plugged it in, turned it on and it immediately blew. Same thing again and again. Ended up throwing it in the trash. When it worked, it was a great fm transmitter, but I'm dissapointed that I spent 40+ bucks on something that only worked for a month.
The amazon product description has a lot more in it than the instruction &#34;manual&#34;. I threw it out.  Looks pretty, does nothing.
This item served me well from May through July, but now it has inexplicably quit working. Quite displeased over this after having spent $50, especially with the knowledge there is nothing I can do in regards to returning it.
Virtually useless as a transmitter at least in our heavy suburban area. Really not much more to say than that.
I bought this device based on the good Amazon reviews.  Unfortunately, the unit will not even power on out of the box.
I have to change the radio station a lot while driving.The volume is also very low even after turning up the volume on the device,my cell phone and the radio.It was a dissapointing  purchase for me.
Pretty simple:  this is a really cool device that is cheaply made.  Like most devices, it *will* break down given enough time.  For me, that was about 6 months.  Mine shows no visible marks/breaks -- it simply stopped working and the adapter isn't the problem.There was a bit of interference when listening to the radio, but I was able to change the transmitter frequency to get around it -- only an issue if you're driving through different metropolitan areas.The charging feature worked fine.  The bluetooth speakerphone was great.  (I could play Pandora off my phone while the car was on).
Just worked for one week and then, one day suddenly stopped and does not work anymore. I want my money back.
Don't waste your money-picks up way too much static and radio noise.  I've used this several times and had disappointing results with each use.
Pairing is goodSound quality and transmission quality poorI was getting lot of noise also I was not able to enjoy any songs on phone or ipod
To be fair, I can't speak for the functionality. But the first time I tried to use it, the transmitter pulled the car lighter right out of the console. Maybe it just isn't compatible with the 2012 Mini Cooper cig lighter.
To be honest I have yet to purchase one of these that did not leave my phone echo-ing all the time now. I turn off my iphone and back on again. Apple says that I bought a crappy product. Sad day, bc there were so many good reviews.
I bought this at the beginning of October from Battery Genie at buy . com. I initially noticed a lot of disturbance and hissing. I read some reviews here and that was rectified by pressing the knob for a short time so it could auto tune into a clear station. Problem resolved for sometime until it started getting cold. Now every time I start my car I have to deal with plenty of disturbance for the first 5-10 mins and then it gradually decreases and almost goes away but the odd disturbance and hissing still persists. I have tuned into another clear station but that was no good. This is a major headache for me. I even visited their site and wrote to them asking if it could be a faulty piece but I got absolutely no reply. Good luck with them honoring their so called 3 year warranty!Another thing is the utterly flimsy on/off button. I noticed this right at the start that if you turned the switch off, it was so damn hard to get it to stay on. Since then i never tinkered with the switch since it would turn on/off automatically with the car but a couple of days ago, it lost the bluetooth connection with my iPhone 2 times while driving so I decided to risk it again and sure enough just like before it was almost impossible to get the darn switch to stay in the on position. I did manage but is there any reason why turning a device on/off should be so hard?The music quality is alright...good enough for my current car because without this device I would have to listen to the just the 4 cd's I have. I'd much rather listen to my entire collection on my iPhone at a slightly lower quality than listen to the same songs on the 4 cd's repeatedly.*EDIT*5 months after buying it, it suddenly died one day. I filed for warranty claim and was shocked when the manufacturer replied saying that I will have to pay $4.99 for them to ship me the replacement. I did not have a choice so I went with it. I got a replacement about 2 weeks ago and already on the replacement, one of the 7 segment displays and the . has almost died. I wonder how long the replacement will last me. It's a complete shocker how badly built this product is and how much they charge for it. To add insult to injury, they expect you to pay shipping from their end for the garbage they manufactured. It's best to stick with trusted companies who provide better service when needed not these cheapskate small companies that manufacture trash and then look to make even more money when the trash dies.
This was meant to be easy.  However, I couldn't get it to work, even after following the manual and the also the directions on YouTube.
Horrid quality of sound, that is if you are even lucky enough to find any empty FM radio airwaves in your area.
I was really excited about this little unit.  I like the idea that it towered above the 12v outlet.  Figured that it would cause less road noise.  But it really didn't make a difference, because you can't hear anything very loud while driving.I adjusted the volume on the unit and on my stereo.  I raised the volume on my Moto Droid, but no luck. And because everything was cranked up, when I had an email notification come in, it was way loud.  When I hook up my Droid using a 3 1/2 mm headphone jack, sound is great and loud, but that is what I was trying to get away from. Strike 1.Also, callers all said that I sounded faint and far away.  Strike 2.Also, there is no way to make voice activated calls like my Bluetooth headset (that i have had for 3 years) does.  When holding down the call button, instead of being able to make voice activated calls, it just dials the last number you called (redial). Strike 3.I was really disappointed in this unit, and getting mad at the seller as I asked for an RMA last week and still haven't got a response.  Time to get Amazon involved.If anyone can suggest another product that works, please leave me a comment.
How dies this get 4+ stars?? This product is horrible. The transmission is extremely noisy and I could barely hear any song. It also kept seeking out &#34;free&#34; channels extremely close to dedicated channels, which is an annoyance. I am definitely returning this.
This product has proved useless for me. I used it with my LG bluetooth phone but found that the static noise level generated on my radio by this unit makes it difficult to understand the other telephone party.I want to return the item.
I am a long time user of FM Transmitters and unfortunately my favorite ones go out of production thus I have to find new ones.  My latest attempt was with the GOgroove X2 due to it's excellent reviews but my experience was poor to say the least.  FM transmitters have the capability of providing clear audio with no static and this product does not offer it, at least in my part of the US.  Constant static across the spectrum trying many unused FM stations in various weather conditions.  I live in Western Washington State.Such poor quality I am returning and will search for something else.
Ok, Go to Walmart buy a radio cassette adapter for $5 dollars. Put it on, connect the adapter to the phone and I already saved you $45 dollars. With this adapter you can play any music (pandora), call anyone and your car speaker will sound them.I use this system (above) when I am going to college. I call to my mom, dial, put the phone away and I start talking to her, She hears everything so do I.I play music and I don't need to find a radio station at all. I don't need to call customer service, I don't worry about warranty. I can afford $5 dollars every 2 months. It breaks, buy a new one.I have a car charger for my Galaxy S3 and every time I am driving, my phone is charging. I connect the cassette adapter to my phone and done. two easy steps.
Aside from the fact that FM transmitters in general suck, I had high expectations from this unit.  The first one I ordered transmitted very quiet and you had to crank the radio's volume up to max to hear it very well.  The manual said that you could depress the center knob to adjust the transmit volume, but it didn't work.  I tried contacting GoGroove, and they point blank told me that they would not help me because I was within 30 days - that I would need to return the product to the store to exchange it.  Well, the seller did not offer any type of exchange program, so I had to just refund it and order another.  What a pain!I got the second unit, and lo and behold, it had the same exact issue!  None of the functions that required depressing the knob worked!  Since we were ready to go on our trip, I gritted my teeth and beared though.  Eventually, the unit stopped working, and then weirdly enough started working again, and this time, the volume control by depressing the center button started working, but this didn't happen for long because it stopped transmitting altogether on the same trip.Just for the record, depressing the knob button has 2 functions.  One is to be able to adjust the transmitter volume, and if you depress and hold the button, it's supposed to find a clear station to transmit on.  Neither worked at first, and when they started working (for the short time before the unit crapped out) the option to find a clear station had a knack for picking random frequencies that often already had a radio station, so that feature was pretty useless.When tuning to another frequency, it was too slow.  It would tune from 101.1 to 101.2 to 101.3, etc.  Most radios step in 2/10ths at a time, instead of 1/10th of a frequency (in other words, 101.1, to 101.3, to 101.5), also with the fact that you would have to crank the knob about a quarter turn to go up 1/10th of a MHz, it would TAKE FOREVER to change to a different station.  Heaven help you if you had to tune from 89.3 to 99.7!  You will sit there and crank that knob for a good solid 5 minutes to get there!  Try doing that while driving!Also, the unit boasts a USB port, which I thought would be nice to be able to power our GPS.  Since you're giving up a cigarette lighter port, having a USB port is a nice touch to be able to power the GPS that used to be plugged in to that port.  Well, the problem is that the unit doesn't just provide power, but for some stupid reason I can't think of, it supplies a data connection.  The result is that the GPS failed to function at all, because it thinks you're trying to connect to a PC.  Again, if you are going to offer USB for power usage, then WHY have data connections?  This also means that you can't connect your MP3 player to power it off this unit, because your MP3 player will start trying to communicate with a PC.The one thing that seemed to work was the Bluetooth.  It worked fine with my cell, but it's ALWAYS on when the unit is on.  I had to eventually disable it in my cell because if I tried to pick up my phone, it would connect to the FlexSMART.  They should have put an option to TURN OFF just the Bluetooth on the unit.I did not get a chance to use the music navigation buttons because I wasn't using anything that interfaced with that functionality, so to me those three buttons around the knob are useless.Finally, we tried using the unit with our XM radio and found that because we had to connect this and our XM to power, we got a ground loop hum.  I had to stop by RadioShack to get a ground loop isolator to kill the humming and buzzing, which made for a HUGE rats nest of wires, just to listen to our XM radio over our, well car radio.Overall, the GOgroove FlexSMART X2 unit was a massive failure.  The company support stinks (their answer is to return it to the store) and the product stinks in every way imaginable.
Do not bother buying! It won't work with Iphone 5 neither it worked with my old Iphone 4. Very disappointed. Returned it.
I was so excited to receive this product but when I hooked it up to my car the reception was terrible. Too much static.
first it didn't fit properly and I had to try turning it and pulling it up, etc to get it finally connected, as you can imagine of course this wasn't a lasting solution and with each turn or bump I had to spend another 5 mins finding a way to get it connected. Since I couldn't return it, I tried using it for a week like that, at the end of the week, the sound quality was totally lost too.
I bought this two times because when I first got it (both times) it was awesome! The connection to the car stereo was easy and sounded great. Then, it died...twice. The first one stopped working in 24 hours - just wouldn't turn on. The second one lasted for almost a week and then the top part (which attaches to the base) went out. No more transmission.I really, really, really want this to work and keep on working, but it hasn't.
This is trash.  I purchased two of these in hopes of having bluetooth conversations hands free in the car.  No input microphone and sound through stereo very harsh.  Save your money.
For those of us who are driving cars before USB outlets and even front auxiliary inputs were the norm, this is a lifesaver.The bluetooth reception seems great, I was able to easily make and receive phone calls, the music comes through loud and clear, and the whole process is just easy.A warning for anyone using the Galaxy Nexus, it seems if you enable car mode on your phone, things don't work right. I'm not sure if it is a compatibility issue with the Nexus, or just car mode itself being odd. When I had it enabled the phone calls I made or received also echoed back the music through what sounded like the speakerphone and the car at the same time. But you don't need car mode, I'm using this with one of the many car mode apps to be found and it works like a charm.As other reviewers noted, the auto tune finds even numbered channels, which is a bit odd, but it is very easy to just pick another station with just a turn of the knob.We are very happy with this product.--------------------------------Update - 6 months laterThe little metal bit protruding from the back of the adapter has broken, making the contact weak and rendering the product useless. I'm disappointed. We didn't take this in and out of the vehicle frequently, it pretty much got put in place and left there. I'll be contacting the manufacturer. This shouldn't be.
Worked great for the first month.  The volume is a little low that it puts out, so you end up cranking up the volume on the car stereo, and when your car starts up, and the bluetooth connects it causes it to blast this connection achieved tone.  A little annoying, but all in all worked good.  Then it just stopped working.  No more power.
At first this was a pretty good item. It did everything we needed it to do. Then all of the sudden after just three months of light use it completely died. Sadly, we didn't have a chance to register it within the 30 days because of Christmas crazyiness. So now we have a $45 paperweight.
This no longer connects to my phone, the Bluetooth just quit working.  I can use it if I actually plug in my phone using the cord accessory, but then the controls don't work to go to the next song.  Annoying.
Takes too long to link up. Wish I knew that the bluetooth had NO BASS before I purchased it. Sound fantastic when you use the cable input but the bluetooth stinks. If I wanted to use a cable I would just use the aux input on my receiver or a cassette adapter instead of spending the extra money on this turd.
At first the device worked well and I was satisfied with the sound quality.That lasted for about a month.  First the usb charging cable went out.  Then it becamemuch harder to find a station.  The sound quality worsened.  And now the fm modulator is completely out.Great idea, horrible product!
Had the product for less than 2 weeks.  Worked great the 1st couple days...then I had issues getting power.  I had to manuever to perfect position to get power, but if i hit any bumps it would turn off.  Returning it was not pleasant.  Did not offer exchange, only return...then re-purchase.  Which would've been okay if the price didnt go up.  Manufacturers warranty was valid if i wanted to pay for  MORE shipping.  Ridiculous for defective product.
Nothing worked, would not sync with my Samsung S2 and when I connected it by wire one one side of speakers played. Bought it refurbished maybe that had something to do with it.
EVO HTC Spinti think this product is great in its concept, but it does not work well at all.basically it is a very expensive car charger,for that is the only function it does well.when i was raising or lowering the volume i had to turn it twice for it to turn one unit. and when i turned it manually to tune the station EX. 93.5, sometimes it would go to 93.4 or 93.6 on its own. nevertheless, i was excited with this product and felt i could deal with this imperfection. then i used the automatic station tuner feature (pressing+holding the middle button) and it would ARBITRARILY select any station, for those station had obvious music playing. again not really a deal breaker for me. so i tried the hands free feature and its terrible. with any combination of adjusting the volume on the device, my phone, and the car radio dial, phone conversations were too low to carry without asking people to repeat themselves, such frustration. with any combination of adjusting the volume on the device, my phone, and the car radio dial to make it loud enough to carry a conversation, a terrible interference static would sound making it impossible to leave it at that high of a volume. the same applies when i use the device to listen to music from my phone. also, since the device changes stations sometimes i can hear music while in mid conversation and two songs at once while listening to music from my phone.there are other products i seen in friends cars that didn't have this problem. i am going to find out which one they use and buy it.
PLEASE read my review if you have any standards as far as sound quality goes.I bought this based off of all the glowing reviews that were provided by other users.  I don't believe I got a broken unit, but I found the sound quality of this device to be poor at best.  I tried this in three other vehicles, so I know it wasn't the car it was bought for.  This was purchased for a 2002 Accord, which doesn't have Bluetooth anything.I really wanted it to have Bluetooth audio streaming for Songza and Pandora, and Bluetooth handsfree for calls.  It fell down on both jobs.  Handsfree calling audio was terrible from both ends, and the FM transmitter didn't have enough power to properly transmit the audio to the vehicle at all, even on the clearest of channels. I've seen this complaint from multiple other reviews, but I chose to ignore it.  For Bluetooth audio streaming, you run into the same problem with the abysmal FM transmitter quality.Pros:Constantly powered by the 12v socketAUX inputBuilt in USB charger for your devicesCons:TERRIBLE FM transmitterPoor audio quality for Bluetooth callsAbysmal audio quality for A2DP (Bluetooth audio streaming)Constantly in the way with the stupid goose-neck mountLooks silly, like a cheap Chinese gadgetThis was returned after a week of use and bought a Jabra Cruiser 2, and couldn't be happier.  It accomplishes both tasks very well, is smaller, and doesn't look silly.  Even though it has a lower star rating, it is a far superior product in all aspects.
I was really excited to know that there was a product out there to get my podcasts from my iPhone to play in my car since I don't have an aux.  Sorry to say that this product didn't work for me at all.  All of the available radio stations had tremendous static coming through to where I could barely listen to my music.  The calling function was ok, but I didn't order this product for that.  I ordered it to listen to my music.  I would think twice about purchasing this product.  It got my hopes up only to disappoint me.  I will just have to wait until I sell my car making sure I select another car that includes an aux.
Got this after a lot of research and replaced the good old cassette to 3.5mm jack I had dangling for a long time.It works just about ok for exactly 5-7 minutes in the city after which I need to hunt for another channel or it gets too noisy and inaudible esp for phone calls. works in my garage not on city streets.I am using it in a  Sienna van with the antenna at the back in the boot glass. while the unit is placed near the dash bottom. Maybe the distance is too much and the power output of this device too low? I can keep guessing but bottom line - it does not work me.
I paid the most I have ever paid for a transmitter and straight out the package it doesnt work. Not impressed at all. I have paid under 20.00 for most of them and they worked fine. Very upset.
This is a great product. I purchased two of them, one for myself and one for my brother. Unfortunately, mine stopped working within two months of purchase. I have contacted Go Groove about getting a replacement. I hope that they stand behind their product as they advertise. Will post an update when/if I receive a replacement.
Do not buy this item. Their manufacturing has gone down the drain. I don't know how there are so many positive reviews. The sound quality is horrible. Also, the product stopped working after a few days. I spent $50 on a dud. Bad quality, does not work. I can't even return it. Really a horrible buy.
I loved this thing while it worked but it broke after about 1 month. Didn't feel like sending it back, don't know why I should have to.
I returned this item after being quite frustrated with the range limits on the frequencies.  Also, some of the buttons would stick and did not work right out of the box.  Music quality was ok but speaker quality for phones was pretty bad. Seems to work for other folks but it was not working for me.
I liked it while it worked. The sounds was pretty good. Not as clear as a direct connection but it was great to have my music in the car. After two months it just wont sync to any devices. I would look at other brands.
I was really excited about this product.  The only problem is that I received it in the mail, plugged it in and got nothing.  Pushed the power button, checked the fuse and still nothing.  I tried it in both of my vehicles and still nothing.  I returned it, customer service was great, and I got a replacement fairly quickly. However, the same problem with the new one.  Just a paperweight.Hopefully this company gets the quality of their products up to par because both of my experiences with the customer service center were positive.
I purchase this product in June of last year and it broke after eight months. I would not recomment it.
This thing literally fell apart the very first time I plugged it in to my car.  The screw on cap was loose because the case wasn't tight enough and the entire cap where the fuse goes just fell apart.  To top it all off, the fuse that came with it was Dead on Arrival.  Wow.  Way to make a good first impression with your crappy product.  I'm sure it would have worked fine had the power plug been designed by an engineer with more than half a brain...
I have no problems setting up and get this running. Pretty simple to operate.I am using this in Singapore where virtually all available FM frequencies are used. If you scan through the entire band, every 0.4-0.6 Mhz, there is a radio station. This leaves very little gap to insert your own channel in between.Using the auto scan feature, I get about 6 frequencies in total. All have interference, some are pretty bad.I have manually tried frequency for the entire 88-108mhz. I couldn't find any slot without interference.This maybe a problem only in dense area like Singapore or Hong Kong.
They main power would cut on and off. When I was talking on it I could hear the other person but they couldn't hear me. Sent in back for a refund.
This unit does not work with the latest Samsung Android phone. Music played but was nearly inaudible and contained a lot of static. The transmitter apparently relayed an incoming telephone call to my radio, but the voice could not be heard. I have requested to return this producrt.
I got this item at Christmas. I thought the sound was bad, phone calls worse, but it was OK for the price I paid. However, it stopped playing music after only 3 months and isn't worth the cost to return it to the manufacturer. SO now it's basically a very expensive car charger. I won't buy another one.
Worked OK for about a month.  Then, all I did was spend time trying to find a station every 10 miles.  Very frustrating and was glad to give it away with the car I sold.  Don't waste your $$.
so i was very excited to bye a WIRELESS fm transmitter for my car.  despite the easy assembely the first moment i turned it on it was a instant regret.  DO NOT BYE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it doesnt work
I had this product for about a week, and it worked very well, better then expected. Then one day the mechanism that plugs into my car broke off, and now a piece is missing so if does not work anymore. Sending back for refund. Not sure if single defective product or if the entire line is this defective. Will not buy again.
constant white noise sound. poor music quality. in the instructions it recommends "Removing your antenae". so ruin all my other reception to get this peice of crap to work right? no thanks. i threw the packaging away otherwise i would have returned this. waste of 50 bucks.
Made to look good in pictures, but its a cheap piece of junk. Mainly, the sound quality is terrible especially when connected via BlueTooth.I tried many free radio stations, all work poorly. When the unit first comes on, the snow on the station goes silent which is good - that means the broadcast wave has taken over the channel, but then slowly the snow fades back in - the transmitter is weak. When connecting over BT, the sounds quality is fuzzy and the bass sounds like your speakers are blown out for some reason - its just not there and farts out. When connecting via audio cable, the bass problem goes away although the reception is still poor. My phone works crystal clear with my bluetooth headphones.Smaller issues are with construction. The flexy-cable looks good, but only provides about 150 degrees of flex so in my M3 the unit has to be upside down. Furthermore, while trying to position this unit, the cheap plastic plug fell apart. The metal debris in my power socket caused a short blowing the fuse.What would it cost to make the transmitter on this thing strong enough to actually work??
I never learn. I keep buying these gadgets and they perform so poorly it's pitiful. Maybe if we lived out in the middle of no where it might work. In the city just too many powerful stations around and at red lights it goes completely out.
Anytime I use it,  the people on the other end of the phone ask me to unplug from it, as everything they say bounces back at them.  It also has become stuck in my power outlet and I cannot remove it without pulling out the entire outlet.  Extremely disappointed in the product.
I would be be careful of buying this product, after about 6 months, it ceased working for me .  The transmitter chip to the Stereo system just failed.  OK - so I'm not surprised, I think I will just get a new one ??  HA HA !!  That is where the fun ends .  To redeem your 3 year warranty,  you have to go through a circus production of email / paypal ( only ) shipping payment, get an RMA and return it to the factory so they can "examine it" and then hopefully offer a fix .  It will take soo much time out of your day trying to get the thing fixed its not even worth buying it .  The fact that I took my time to put this in Amazon should alert you to the fact the process is painful.  I would NEVER buy any product from this company again.  I would look for a vendor who attempts customer service.
This was the worst piece of crap I have ever purchased! Not only did this device NOT do ANYTHING that it was designed to do, it did not even fit in the dc outlet that it is supposed to fit into.Very disappointed & I will NOT buy anything from this seller again! DO NOT BUY!
So when I first got this it seemed pretty cool, I wanted something to play my iPhone music to my car stereo without having to run a cable. The first problem was some interference and static, and to be fair that would affect a lot of products like this. Still I could put up with that most of the time as it really wasn't too bad.Volume though... The thing defaults to volume 20 when you turn it on. So you will have to turn it up or your radio up to be able to hear it at the same volume you would hear things on the radio. Turning up on the radio though subjects you to hearing more interference.So turn the volume up on the device, but then you have to do that everytime you get in your car and want to listen to it and be careful not to push the sensitive button in the knob as you turn it.But alas the volume knob stopped working on mine after a couple of weeks anyway.Piece of junk.
I purchased this blue tooth transmitter in 10/2011 and it is now 12/2011 and it's been used less than 6 times.Already dead, will not power up.******Don't waste your time or money on this product.*******When it was new, reception to my blackberry was less than optimal.The bright LED lights are distracting to the driver, especially at night. Never got a chance to use the music player functions either.Overall,I'm glad it died!
WAS best fm transmitter i had bought until like many other comments it broke just after 6 months it started to give off static which was odd cause it never had before. then the part that goes into the car to give it power fell apart when i pulled it out, then never worked again since i couldn't put it back together.
Worked great for one day.. then It stoped working. I unpluged in and pieces shot everywhere since the fuse in under pressure by a spring and its all held together with a cheap plastic screw fitting. The fuse was blown and I cant find a replacement for it at any hardware store, and I am missing the metal DC contact point in front because that when shooting out and is now lost somewhere in my car. The bluetooth sound quality was amazing while it lasted. Overall not worth it in my experience, I wish the plastic fitting was made of metal, bit im sure this would raise the price too much as they are trying to have competitive prices with other RF transmitter companies.
Broke in the first week we used it
Goose neck not long enough.Need to turn on radio and tune in to specific channel every time the cell phone rung.Most important of all, audio of both party is of no quality, you can't understand each other.A simple test I made, park the car in one location, turn off engine and call my friend using my cell phone to my ear, loud and clear. Turn on engine, turn on this device, tune in to it's channel and call my friend again, car didn't move, same exact location, have to shout repeatedly the same word over and over again to get the message thru.This product should be recalled, it is actually more dangerous to used this device while driving coz your attention is diverted to shouting.
This product broke after only having it for seven months.  When it worked, it worked great.  It was getting glitchy at first, then it just stopped working altogether.  I will not be purchasing again.
This product only works well if you are in your driveway and not moving down the highway. A big waste of money. Constant static no matter how many times I change the station.
The first time I used this, I was excited, and thought it was great. So convenient, and can move from car to car if needed, great idea.Then over the first two weeks I started needing to change the frequency more often, and a little static was heard. Thinking that I just needed to know a couple of 'good' settings, continued to try it. But eventually it's become so bad it isn't used at all.Of course this last stage after the return period, my bad, but learn from my mistake... At the FIRST sign of ANY static problems, dump 'em quick. Beware!
This didn't work well over the radio for calls or music. Had lots of static and constantly dropping in and out. I have a HTC Incredible and while the pairing was easy, the FlexSmart got stuck in the cigarrete lighter! I would not recommend this product to anyone.
The Samsung smart phone and Flexsmart both showed bluetooth connection yet the Flexsmart would not auto seek for frequencies or manual tuning.  The FM frequency displayed on the Flexsmart would not change when auto or manually changing frequencies.  Emailed the company but I never heard back from them.  They did, however, process the return quickly and efficiently.  Too bad their customer service did not do so.
I purchased this item two weeks ago and it no longer works.  I do not recomment that you buy this product.
I found the GoGroove to be disappointing. You have to have your radio tuned to the right station to use it, making it another step to answer a phone call... not conducive to hands-free operation.  It's also broken now, where it won't stay upright, only a few months after buying it.
I was never impressed with this product even when it was working. The output of it was very quiet and I had to turn my radio way up to listen, even when my iPhone was on full volume. Turning my radio up results in an annoying hiss. After about 3-4 months of use, it stopped working and is only useful as an iPhone charger.
the instructions are too brief and i could not get it to work ,would not advise anyone to purchase this item
I have already gone through three of these. Usually in different cars, so I know it's now just my car. They've all broke usually after a month. They all just stopped stopped working for no reason. Replaced the fuse with no luck on all of them. $150.00 dollars down the drain. I'm going to get a cheaper one that's not this brand, at least the cheaper ones usually have worked in the past longer than a month, and if they break your not out $50 bux.
I am very disappointed with this product, it doesn't even work.
Bought this for Christmas for my daughter last year. Did not stream music from her phone but did from another BT device. Problem is it no longer works. 6 months and product is dead. Life expectancy not up to my expectations.
This product worked a few times them when I plugged it in to either my iPod or iPad it would not recognize the charger any longer.  I have to have apple products.
Poor and cheap made in china product. Poor plastic unit is not even worth 5 bucks. Beware do not buy
The FM transmitter was broken. When I filed the claim it said it would take up to a month to process. I would just save your money and buy something else. I had to superglue it.
after 3 weeks the unit went nuts no trans no recive and the frequcey meter went bunkers took 3 days to get a ra number seems like the new is not as good the old to late for refund or i would tell them to take it back PS THIS WAS A GIFT FROM MY WIFE  SONNY POSTOL
The Galaxy DX-959 seemed to work fine. Good SWR and so on, but after a day or two I noticed a definet frequency drift on SSB. Then the frequency would shift on AM by 10kc when transmitting. Then people started telling me my signal sounded poor and my audio sounded cluttered. Then my output dropped and eventually the radio gave up the ghost. This all occurred within a week or so. Would I buy another? No way! I have read of similar stories with this model. I will attempt to get an RMA to return this radio through Amazon Prime but I'm not very optimistic.update... Amazon Prime shipped a new replacement radio! I will give the replacement an honest try. Hopefully this unit will hold together.
Don't be misguided by this title Guard Lines, as they are not adjustable, the quality of this camera is horrible . I know its not HD. But its like working in super slow capture mode
Well I installed this and initially wired it to my reverse light with the ground to the chassis.  It didn't work.  So I took a 12VDC wall charger and it worked.  Next I checked the voltage of the reverse circuit and it was 12.65.  So i figured I'd wire directly to the batter. Negative.  Next I build a 12VDC regulator.  Still didn't work.  The output of the regulator is 11.94VDC.  Figuring I'd blown it, I re-hooked it to the wall charger and it worked again.  I verified the output of the wall charget at 12.15VDC.  I'm assuming if it is not in the rage of 12 - 12.5VDC it will not work.  Looking for an alternative. At this time I would not recommend this product to anyone.Pro: Easy to installCon: Appears to require regulated 12VDC in order to work.  Anything made for a car should have an input range of 11 - 16VDC.
This is not water tight as they claim. I need to replace it after 2 months because I cant see out of it. Im not happy at all as its a lot of work to pull the radio and re-run the wires.
Couldn't resist the price but it failed early on.I opened it up to see what might have caused it and it wasn't water getting in, although the sealant they used was not effective.  Unable to determine the real cause of failure, it may have been weak sauter on the circuit board to those tiny wires. After taking it apart it worked briefly once, but not again.
color is very bad my old camera has good color but not a sharp pix ,, This one looks like a tao unit i was trying to replace  both have very poor color.
You get what you pay for. It was cheap to buy and it's a cheap product. Only a 3 month warranty as well. Reason being is it only lasts a few months. I'll spend a little more on my next one.
I bought this camera 6 months ago. after reading the reviews I calked around the lens to extend the camera life. 6 months later its dead. black squiggly picture. its crap, buy something else.
too slow, i dont know why i havent it, im having problem to get my item, you didnt amswer my email. where is my item.  thanks. elymusic12@hotmail.com
It lasted 1 month before it filled up with water on the lense. I took it apart, cleaned it, and sealed it with silicone. It went another 5 months and now it just displays nothing on the screen.  I have a pioneer 7&#34; head unit. Spend more for a longer lasting product.
i just got the camera and went to try it and it didn't work it was a waste of time and money
I could never get it to work... I guess you get what you pay for....  I will have to buy a better quality camera, what a waste of money!
Well, so far I've tested this unit out a video monitor, and on one of the intended pieces; a Garmin Streetpilot 7200.  I've had a scrolling problem on both units.  I can adjust the video monitor, but have no way of adjusting the Garmin unit, so I am stuck as to that problem.  The other intended unit is a Pioneer AVH-3200.  Rather apprehensive on how it's going to work on that since I've had scrolling problems on the other two units.  I have no clue on how to prevent the rolling screen.I will say that on the video monitor, the picture is perfect and clear.  I only hope that I can get the actual two units intended, to work.
Worked great till it just stopped working right after the return period connected the manufacturer in china and was told to contact amazon. which I couldn't do due to the return window being over.
I bought this not as a backup camera, but as a fulltime rearview on the back of a 45' long trailer/truck combo that otherwise has zero rear visibility.The good news, picture is clear in sunlight and installation took me 30mins including fishing 75' of video wire (not included with camera) through the chassis and connecting power to my trailer's normal run lights.The bad news: this camera super-imposes a giant three color, three bar overlay on the image!  Yes, its intentionally there for range estimation when used as a backup camera, but obnoxious as a forward-moving rearview (other than guaging tailgaters perhaps?).  This overlay is not mentioned or shown in the listing that I saw! I would have gotten a different camera if I knew.Update: I picked up what externally looks like an exact twin of this camera made by Pyle, and it doesn't have the overlay.  Beware of vendors switching these, depending if you want the overlay or not...
The camera gets water in the lens and takes days to dry out you cant see anything when this happens ...So not happy with this Rear view camera at all only had it 8 months
water in lens after first rain.was installed on license plate correctly. can not send back because i threw away the box. waste of money,would not reccomend.
camera stop  working  no good  do not buy it waste of money no good  no good no good no good
had this on my tuck for 2 weeks and the lens already filled with water, and fogs up so you cant see anthing out of it.  dont waste your money.
I've had a license plate mounted backup camera on my car for years.  About two years ago my camera just stopped working, so I went back to the shop that did the original installation to have it replaced.  After some testing, they figured the camera just went bad.  No problem, they unplugged the original, plugged in the new one and I was good to go.  But the $100+ bill was rather steep.2 years later and my camera goes out again.  No problem, I'll just buy this one on Amazon, unplug the old and connect the new.  What could be hard about that?Check the picture.  It shows 2 RCA plugs (red and yellow), extension wires, and the camera.  Looked perfect for the job.  But that's not what they send.  Instead it's a series of hard-wired connectors, 4 different wire ends, only one of which is an RCA jack.  Simple installation => out the door.No problem, comes with directions, right?Wrong.  4 different images for installation; 3 for other wireless cameras and the 4th still doesn't match with the wiring they sent.  No help.Internet search?  No help.Customer Service?  You've got to be kidding.So it comes down to taking the camera to an install shop or returing to Amazon.Thanks for the Refund Amazon.
I hooked this up to my reverse lights and the wires melted. Now i have to break out the soldering iron and see if i can fix it.
This was a waste of time and money.  the camera is horrible quality unless its 100% sun outside.  Even by dusk it was useless.  I have another camera with MORE IR and works 100 times better in low and complete darkness for only 5 dollars more.Its not the sellers fault but it is indeed a crappy product.
wired to my 12 volt,wired yellow video cord,has not worked once.been a few days now even if it did work i still wouldnt be able to see anything because there is soooooooooooo much condensation on the INSIDE of the camera lens and on the ir lights...very let down...i thought  i was getting a deal. and got ripped.
I should have just paid the extra money and got a better camera. The packaging is crappy, made in china, picture quality is that of a cheap camera... The picture just rolls and rolls making what little quality you have useless. As others said,goes from color to night vision as much as it rolls, Do Not even attempt to mount it on the license plate unless you live in the dessert as the slightest bit of moisture will just go directly behind the lens and render it useless, At this point I hope I helped you make a good decision!
Has annoying video overlay for the output. Already knew that when I bought it but still annoying. Probably wouldn't be waterproof so I didn't try and just went straight to putting RTV on it to seal it up. Video works well and picture is pretty clear, obviously not a high def camera but get's the job done. night vision works alright tooDied after a few months
This product arrived and at first look it was an amazing product. Friend of mine helped me install it and at first it worked perfectly as it should. Then it rained and the product started malfunctioning. Also keep in mine I've been doing automotive work for 10+ years so every connection was water sealed. Now the product doesn't work and when I put my truck in reverse it's a giant blur. I would not recommend this product to anyone or the company. The company told me they don't provide refunds or exchanges after 30 days even though it lists the item as being &#34;waterproof&#34;. So if you reading this pay a little extra for a better or make sure there's at least a warranty.
The camera was useless upon arrival.  Video flashes between about 3 seconds of grey nothingness and a half second of video.
I had installed the unit and after 25 minutes or so, the GPS crushed with an error message in chinese. Removed, sent back, received replacement and reinstalled. This time the same problem in 15 minutes or so.In all fairness, BT did work, radio worked but not as well as the stock unit in my car.The worst part: I contacted Boyo technical support, they did not reply. From that point on, the company (with all their products) is on my list to avoid.
This is a pice of junk. I got it for my dayghter for christmas. It lasted for about three weeks and then no sound at all. Put her other radio back in and in worked fine. The head unit was shoot... Do not buy.. Amazon would only give me back a 50% credit because it was one week past thirty days.
I bought this CD player/radio at Best Buy. It immediately chewed up 3 CD's in one week - they were permanently damaged.  I was able to exchange it for another brand at Best Buy, who said they are not responsible for how it functions. Apparently Kenwood USA is not responsible either. They had every excuse in the world for not taking responsibility. I would strongly recommend not buying this model. I certainly won't ever buy a Kenwood again.  I noticed I had to give at least one star for the review to go through, but I wouldn't even give it one star.
The video no longer plays from any Apple product! Called and emailed Kenwood and they told me there would be no update for the unit and that I was pretty much out of luck. AWESOME!!! Thanks Kenwood! Will not buy another one of your products!
I returned it. It is navigation ready, but to buy the part costs extra money. Better to buy a Pioneer with navigation which is what I did. Not bad if you don't need navigation the way I do as a realtor.
Bluetooth does not play music, only phone.  End of story. Giant fail Kenwood!  Will be returning tomorrow and exchanging for a better unit.
Kenwood building the mic into the front of the deck is a complete and total fail. Nobody can hear anything but noise, and complains constantly about trying to hear you. On the flip of that, you can barely hear the person speaking to you. Even amplified the volume is SUPER low. Returned and went with a JVC that had a mic that you could run... works so good that ill never buy anything but JVC again.
But you can't charge your phone and transmit you music at the same time. Cause it'll interfere with the signal. also I had this blow my radio fuse multiple times. I replaced this item with Sprint Micro-USB vehicle power charger PLUS, I lost the transmitter feature with that plug, but I didn't blow anymore fuses. Over all this isn't worth any of your money.
I drive an old car and I commute a long distance to work so I listen to a LOT of audiobooks on first an iPod and now a galaxy 2S.  I have become a connoisseur of transmitters of all sorts.  This is not a good one.  The audio was terrible, very scratchy and distorted.  If I held it a certain way it wasn't too bad but that is completely not workable for a car that bumps down the road.  I don't want to have an accident from messing with my transmitter.  I've had really cheap $5 models that were more clear.  Customer service tried very hard to keep me from returning it but finally relented.  That bothered me also.  That sort of tactic makes me think their business model is based on selling cheap stuff that people won't bother to return and demand refunds.  After I sent this one back I bought the GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter which was far superior and worth the extra cost.  I bought another for my husband.
This item was missing the crystal oscillator required to actually clock the device (the silver rectangular shape above and between the two emitters). Without it the device doesn't work.I requested a replacement, and the replacement was also missing the component.Buy this from somewhere else!
I ordered one from this vendor and it turned out to be defective. I ended up ordering from a different vendor and I got one that works. Not really a huge loss, and I understand sometimes these things happen, but it did set me back about a week. It wasn't worth repackaging and sending back for a refund.
The product was dead on arrival.It is missing components and will not work.I can not get the schematic or the build of material (BOM) so it is difficult to fix.
The oscillator crystal is missing, as shown in the picture. It does not work without that, i would place it myself if i could find that part near my residence but there are not electronic stores close by thats why i bought it online...i wont return it because i dont live in the USA but i think you should  check the device before shipping it. thx
The unit I received was defective, and the unit support team advised that I had connected it incorrectly. Just take this into consideration when ordering one of these units. I obtained units from another manufacturer and they worked immediately.Not worth the time/cost to return the unit.