Everything would be great if I could play my own CD-R's that I recorded. It plays only (!) original Cd's. It's advertised as CD-R & RW player but in reality it's not. It reads disk at first but than starts to skip tracks like with scratched or dirty disk, even with newly recorded ones. I tried all my CD-R's - it's always the same story. And all Cd's are played well so the player it's not broken.If it won't change I'm going to return it.
I installed this mount in my windstar,  between the front seats. it was easy to mount and looks good, However, my  year old touched it and it fell apart. the plastic bracket crumbled from the inside out.
Well, this kit was fine, except for one thing:  One, it says "25ft. of 16ga. Speaker Wire," and it only came with about 8ft.  So, I'm going to have to go out and buy more stuff, even though I already bought this kit!Otherwise, it's fine.
I've had this POS for about 2 years now.  Probably 8 months of that it has worked semi-correctly.I've had to send it in for repairs when it just stopped working once.The software is HORRID.  It is intrusive and ugly.  I only changed songs on this thing 3 times.  The software was so bad that I would refuse to use it.  If this thing worked with iTunes it would be about 3 times better.  Plus I was sick of burning all my iTunes Protected .AAC files to CD, only to import them back in as .MP3 (Music Keg of course can't play content downloaded off iTunes natively).Intermittently, it would stop working and just say EJECT on my CD player.  This is the 2nd CD player I've used it with and it did the same thing to both of them.  Sometimes ejecting and re-installing the hard disk fixed it.  Sometimes disconnecting the power cord did (either side).  Sometimes not.I just got so pissed off at it that I RIPPED it out of my car and threw it out my window while doing 80 on the highway.  I hope it exploded into a thousand pieces.I hate the Kenwood Music Keg and I hate PhatNoise.The concept is good, and when it worked it was nice.  But this was seldom.Get an iPod with an Alpine headunit and be much happier.
If your thinking of getting one of these to become a wanna be Ham operator with out a License, don't waste your money!  Most Hams don't hang around 10 Meters and if you do find one he's not going to talk to you without a legal call sign and will most likely just report you if in doubt.  This radio is designed to skirt past the laws by being modifiable to get over the Legal Power limits and out of the Legal bands and anyone posting a two page document to tell you otherwise is just Lawyering up the situation.The terrible value part is that you can take your Technician exam with only a few hours of studying and become a real Ham operator and then buy a Real Ham Radio that does 10 times as much as this radio for the same price!  And the big bonus is that Ham Operators will talk to you and you will have access to Bands that work year round like 80M, 40M and 20 Meters as well as 10M in a legal way
I went against my instincts on buying a Galaxy radio. I wanted "ol' reliable Cobra 29 LTD. But I want a new Base station and galaxy is the only company that makes a base now. So I figured try Galaxy's mobile unit , see how it does and judge from there. It has been 6 months....the squelch doesn't work,talkback is lousy, Mic bombed out month number 2. After research ,this company seems to have landed here from Crypton with superman. one little website and buddy get your wallet ready for repairs.....sorry people, I don't re-buy anything !!I did't even try recourse with Amazon,I feel it is not Amazons fault........COBRA 29 LTD I'm very sorry....please take me back !?
As delivered this radio has very low transmit power in SSB mode, way below spec.  Output in AM mode was to spec with good modulation.  I bought it to use in SSB mode, so I am not happy with it as it was delivered.
Pyramid PA105 Amplifier With Microphone Input (80-Watt) This is not a useful product for me.The talk over does not allow you to use it to perform because when you have a cd player hooked up or any other input the talk over shuts the music down where you can't hear itAlso it has no kind of eq and the tone knob doesn't do much
I bought the Channel Vision CVT-15PIA amplifier in Feb 07, and it suddenly stopped working at the end of August.  I'll be returning it for warranty service.  I called the cable company to report an outage, never thinking that I would have problems with this amplifier, because I had heard many good reviews of Channel Vision products.  Luckily, Cox didn't charge me for the call and the service guy replaced my amp with a Cox amp -- for free.Update - March 2009:This Channel Vision amplifier quit working about 6 months after I bought it from Amazon. I called Channel Vision because it was still under the manufacturer's warranty. They told me that Amazon was not an authorized retailer for their products, so they would not honor the warranty. I complained to Amazon and Amazon sent me a new splitter.My continuing complaint, however, is that I have NO way to know whether Amazon is an "authorized retailer" for any of the products they sell. My guess is that if the product cost a little more, Amazon may not have sent me a new one and I would have been out of luck for a product that SHOULD have still been under the manufacturer's warranty.How are consumers supposed to know when Amazon is not an authorized retailer a specific product?BUYER BEWARE.You may not have ANY manufacturer's warranty when buying from Amazon.
I bought the unit from a large retailer in Dec 2004, having been "sold" on the premise that the XACT unit had the most functionality for the price and was more portable than other units available - easily transferring from car to home to boombox, etc., if I elected those routes (with additional hardware). I liked the idea of portability and went with the XACT vehicle package.I agree that the vehicle mounting unit is extremely limited. The actual mount has limited tilt and is cluncky with a screw that fastens to the back of the unit, making mounting and dismounting somewhat difficult. I ended up building my own base for the mount that fits in a cupholder, because the original mount wouldn't fit anywhere else. With my homemade creation, the setup works quite well. I keep my antenna on the dashboard and haven't had a big problem with reception. I even traveled 1200 miles across the county and the reception was fine. Of course, I did have to change FM modulator channels periodically from city to city, but that should be expected.The unit is very limited overall. Scanning stations is very difficult while driving and I rely on my saved stations nearly exclusively. However, the keypad only gives access to 3 saved stations at a time and this can be annoying. I still haven't figured out the Memo/S-Seek button, even after reading the manual several times, and it seems usless.Most troubling, in April, I returned to the big retailer where I purchased the unit (in Dec), to buy the home mounting dock. However, the retailer no longer carries XACT products in its stores. It is available on the web, but this is rather unsettling. I purchased the unit as the newest, best product less than 4 months ago and now I can't find it in any stores. I bought the unit for portability and versatility and it's already difficult to find the additional components for it.In general, the redeeming quality of the XACT unit is that it allows me to listen to Sirius, which is an excellent service. Other than that, XACT offers poor functionality and design. If I were to do it again, I'd get a unit from a more recognizable company and definitely one with a dial.
The spring seems to be a great idea but it drains all the power out of your system and these springs do not give that much with regular antennas.
(**First post - yes, I do intend to update as the saga continues**) OK, to be fair, I do not yet have my antennas - I just ordered them Wednesday 5/14/2014 - however, in the absence of any tracking link (as yet) for a product that said to expect delivery generally within 3 to 5 business days, I reached out to 'West Coast Mall' through the 'email seller' link before noon this morning, because I didn't find a phone number available. I did receive a verification from Amazon that my email was sent and a copy in my inbox, but no response as of the moment I write this at 9:29 PM Friday evening, from West Coast. It might be even more important to add that I am a little anal retentive when it comes to customer service and I virtually NEVER leave feedback or author any reviews. I see it like this, if you do what you say, the product is good and there are no issues - I got my money's worth and my repeat business will reflect my satisfaction or the lack thereof. Free market capitalism at it's finest; I let my dollars speak for me ... so, that I am taking the time to leave a review at all does not bode well for the merchant, since I prefer to only sound off when there is a problem. Thus far, I am not impressed or satisfied. Time will tell if this experience will be resolved as less than crappy and my reviews take a positive turn. West Coast, if you read this ... I suggest you work a little on the customer service side. More to follow tomorrow which will be day three since my purchase and day two since my request for an update on tracking or at least an email to let me know they are on the case.(**Second Post**) Update - I'm please to report that tracking has finally been made available (today at 6:am on 5/17/2014) and the product has shipped as of 5/15/2014. Currently, on track to deliver in the 3 - 5 day window as promised by West Coast. I am still somewhat displeased that I sent 2 emails to the seller but as yet, have not received a response. It is my intent to be completely fair, but it must be understood that failure to respond to any customer - even a single one - is a cardinal sin in sales. I am up grading my 2 stars to 3 at this point, based solely on the experience. This review has nothing at all to with the quality of the product.(**Final Post**) Update - OK, received in the 3 to 5 day window + 2 weekend days, so it was actually exactly 1 week ... ordered on Wednesday, received next Wednesday. I'm extremely pleased with the look and operation of my Firestiks, the difference was enormous - I'd guess it add about 15 miles of range. The only thing I would change is the delivery option. This vendor ships one speed and the closer you are the faster you receive it. Not a problem if your not Jones-ing to get the hook up. I'm changing my review to 4 stars, since the total wait ended up being a week.
Bought this new for my off road rig. In about 3 months the channel display went out and would occasionally come back on. Not long after that, I lost everything. Power would come on, but I couldn't get the thing to broadcast or receive. Innards were fried beyond repair.Wish I could say I got a lemon, but I paid over $200 for the thing.
I owned this radio for a year, and could not use sideband.  It was way off from the factory, like the 2 other Galaxy radios I have owned.  If you just use AM go for it.  Otherwise, get a Bearcat or something.More rubbish from Galaxy.
The product was ok but when I called tele # on reverse the tech told me how to program the POD but not where the shut off was for system. "USUALLY" it is under the dash. I never found "shut off switch" to program unit. All I did was switch "innerds" so I could start the car. I bought the car used and who knows who installed alarm. Dave S.
I have been listening to Sirius over DISH Network for many months now and couldn't wait to get it in my car. I wasn't happy with adding an external control unit - so I purchased this module for my Pioneer head unit. First of all the sound quality is very dissapointing. It sounds like an AM station (not anyway near the CD quality of the DISH Network Sirius stations). The highs are clipped and are distorted. Some stations are very poor (like the disney station) others are ok. I thought there was something wrong with my unit so I took it to the car stereo guys at Best Buy and Circuit City. They told me that the sound quality was typical of satallite radio and there was nothing they could do about it. I am cancelling my Satallite radio account.The SIR-PNR1 works fine but the navigation is terrible. You cannot twist your stereo knob and scroll thru the stations. You have to press the right arrow (like you are changing to the next station) over and over. The sound doesn't start playing after you set your station for about 2 seconds. That means that if you are not sure which station you want it's: over-arrow, wait, over-arrow, wait..... Then, once you find your station, the title is cut off. Only the first 8 characters are displayed. Terrible.
I ordered this product, but unfortunately it kept blowing the fuse in my car, when i changed the fuse, the amp wouldnt work.... :( but it did arrive as expected, in a timely manner
There is not enough power in this amp, even tho it says 1000 watt it is not producing it to at 1200 watt dual sub.
when i first got this amp it worked pretty good but i felt like it didnt have enough power at all and took alot of adjusting and boosting with my sterio deck to get it to actually boom good. but the problem is that i have only had it for a month and it just died. iv changed the fuse and made sure the subs still work. iv contacted the company and so far they havnt contacted back. i should have listened to the other reviews that talked about how the amps died out quickly. just pay the extra money and get a good more powerful amp
i ordered this item a while back and forgot my username and password to my account and now i found it i just wanted to let people no i used the amp for about 3 weeks tops and then it went into protect mode out of no where it never overheated nothing was wrong it just died out of no where. i checked all the wires and everything was done wright. i dont advise buying this amp spen a few extra dollars and get a name brand amp.
I ordered this item on October 9th (about a month ago) and used it with my 2 12 inch mtx terminators, it worked completely fine until yesterday, it suddenly stopped working.... i turned my car on the next morning and it started working again for maybe two minutes and shut off and still isn't working... Until this, i would have recommended this amp to anyone, its a cheap amp though so i guess you cant expect it to work for too long, definitely replacing this with a more expensive amps from a different brand in hopes that it will actually last.
please dont waste you money on this piece of crap. 1000 watts my ass! This only hits about 300 watts. The only good thing about this amp is that its light and fits anywhere
So I bought this amp because it was a lot of watts for a cheap price but 2 weeks later after installing it it only works at like 200 watts because it over heated so its better to spend more on somthing good.
The overheat protection on this product is garbage. It will shut off in 25 minutes unless its like below 60 degrees outside. I fried this amp in a months time cause its made so cheap. Recently took it apart and soldered it real nice now it works again, but this not as well as the 1000w kenwood I had. This makes my music sound muffled but you get what you pay for. Id never recommend or buy this brand again it's cheap trash.
Very under rated, but you get what you pay for, it worked well for me, sound quality is completely horrible though
Ok..I am new to the whole car audio arena and i wasn't really sure which amp to buy. After a few searches I came across this amp (my search's main intention was the price and the power it is qualified for). There were a few good reviews and some bad.Let me get to the good ; It actually pushes my 12-inch 1200w subwoofer.Now to the bad; IT GETS REALLY HOTT! I mean I cud actually cook something on the amp!! I was suggested to use a really thick wire to power it [from the car battery] and even though i fulfilled this task,guess what? IT STILL OVERHEATED! My opinion was to put a computer fan right under the amp (but that would look just silly)My main statement is, if you are serious about your music, get an amplifier that is reputable of getting the job done. INVEST A LITTLE MORE and you will be more happy than me.
It didn't push how I was expecting it to.. My buddy had a 280watt amp that hit just as hard, I also have a 217 watt amp that hit harder than the pyramid. If you are looking to get a good amp i WOULD NOT waste my time or money on this one.. I had 4guage wire and a bass booster and i had it professionally tuned and it still sucked...
It was cheap so I got it, and it worked pretty good, until i changed a setting one time, then it turned off and wont turn on, I checked fuses and wiring. It just stopped. All I wanted was something cheap that would last, deffinatly not this.
I have two 12" MTX Term's and I purchased this inexpensive amp to run it.  I had it professionally installed, and it was extremely disappointing.  Only certain songs with major bass would make my two 12"s pound running from this amp.  Average songs on the radio or cd would barely even register much bass at all.  I am returning my amp, and I've ordered a Kenwood amp that has true 1000w power unlike this amp.  For several more dollars you can literally double/triple the watts going to your speakers.If you have one 12" or 10" this amp will probably do fairly well.  If you are running two 12" s and want bass, do not get this amp.
Becoming a Dj has been a rode of disappointment. I did quite a bit of research on all the things that I bought but I still didn't know enough about anything that I bought Dj related. First I bought a MIDI controller, and I didn't know how to set up the audio. Then I bought another MIDI controller after sending the other one back, but then I didn't have the right speakers. Then I got speakers for my birthday, but I found out very soon that they were Passive speakers and required an amplifier. So this is the amplifier I bought, and it turns out it's a car amplifier. Chances are really is that most people won't see this review because not a lot of people look at the 2 star reviews, but if you're reading this then you must be doing a lot of research. If you're buying this because you want to be a Dj, don't. It's for cars only. So disappointing.
Didnt know alot about Amps or RMS or max wattage before i bought this, but now i do, if your running subs off this your stupid like me then cuz at 4 ohms the most youll ge is 25 watss  , not enough to even move my two 12s, go of RMS ratings, not max
I had this amp for about six months and one day it just quit working. I guess because it was a cheap brand.
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's better to spend a little more and get some better quality.
I like the overall design of the Boombox since it looks a bit retro but it's really hard to get a signal. Even when it stands next to the window, there is not much of a signal coming in.
On the positive side, this unit has surprisingly nice sound for a small boombox, not Bose, but richer than I expected.The chief problem is that mine lasted under three months.  Belkin is replacing it, but I have to pay shipping to return the defective unit.  This radio has had a very easy life - it sits next to my desk.  I took it home a couple times for the weekend, but found I seldom used it.  So it's on when I am at work, off and unplugged the rest of the time.  After ten weeks it stopped picking up any signal (the XM radio still works fine).The controls on the Belkin are clunky, but functional.  There is a remote, but I generally opened the unit to change stations, it was just easier.  The antenna strength feature is nice, but if you need help deciding which way to face the radio to get a signal, you're in a poor spot and it's probably not worth the frustration.If it had lasted longer I'd have given it three or four stars, but if yours does the same thing just outside of warranty, it's going to be a problem.  Extended warranties are generally a rip-off, but for this unit I wish I'd gotten one, both for ease of return now, and because I'm afraid the replacement won't last, either.Update - it cost fifteen dollars to send back the defective one, but the new one only took a week to arrive, so replacement was prompt.2011 Update - Three years later and the new one is still going strong.
I was very careful with this and after only 1 year one of the speakers stoped working.I suggest other models.
I bought a couple of these through an independent seller, but I gave one away as a gift. The one that I kept for myself works just ok...it randomly skips sections of about 1 second when playing back mp3 CDs. If the disc is replayed, it never skips again in the same locations. This leads me to conclude that the player is faulty. I bought it for 2 reasons: first is because I've only ever heard great things about all eclipse products and second because the player was only $50. It's not worth replacing, but kinda funny when passengers notice the skip.
I purchased this stereo specifically for the radio features - strong conventional radio performance and the HD service. I got neither, really. I could not get the unit to play HD radio stations. I would tune to one, it would play the analog signal for a few seconds, then fade out. It would only play analog, and only after switching reception modes every time I changed stations or started the car. Major PITA. After talking to JVC tech support, we concluded that the HD signal in my area was not strong enough for reception. Even though one of the broadcast towers can be seen from my parking lot. A salesman at a local electronics store (which carries the same model) told me that it's a common complaint. Their store model wouldn't work either. We have 10 HD stations in town, and this stereo couldn't play one of the them. I'm not saying it won't work, but I'm saying it might not. I would demo a model in your area, and make sure it works for you. Unfortunately, you can't shut off the HD system, so it will always look for HD, and changing stations becomes a 3 or 4 button pushing adventure if it's not found. The CD player worked great, though.
I've installed many car stereos, and have had great luck with Kenwood home audio equipment. But after 1 year, the display went out on this unit so now I continue to use it "blind". One of the worst things is the 4-way toggle control on the right side. The problem is they made this a push button as well - pushing the toggle pauses USB and CD playback. It takes concerted effort to push that toggle w/o pushing it any of the 4-ways at the same time. A slight bump left or right will restart your song or worse, up or down will restart you at the beginning of a long playlist or CD. Terrible design flaw, and I'd not recommend this unit to anyone. Kenwood can do better than this.
Having owned my S50 portable unit since December 2005, I have waited a long time until the S50 Executive Systems arrived at my local electronics store.  They had just put them out on display and I was the first to buy one yesterday - not that I've been hanging out at the electronics store waiting this entire time.I was so starved for the unit, I bought one without hesitation.  I didn't even look at the $218.89 price sticker, or give price a second thought.Today, I got the unit setup at the office and it looks great - very executive.  The design and look is as elegant as the portable unit, but that is where the buck stops.The sound is uninspiring and I was surprised to discover that there is no tone control for the device.  You are stuck with the flat output of the speakers.The volume dial is unresponsive and frustrating.  You have to dial it a full rotation to get the sound to go up or down.  To turn the volume up to an enjoyable level, I have to rotate the dial 3-4 full turns to the right.  When someone comes into my office, or the phone rings, I have to turn the dial back the same amount.  It is the only volume dial that I've experienced that requires you to do so much work to hear your music.I had some difficulty getting a good signal from the Satellite, but it wasn't bad and it works great now.If I wasn't such a big fan of Sirius Satellite radio, I would have purchased a different unit months ago.I'm happy that the unit is finally available, but I expected much more.
Look is not nice and it is presenting a problem that sometimes FM does not tune well and all I listen to is noise.
One of my main reasons for buying this stereo was for the ability to wake up to my ipod.  However, it doesn't work half the time.  The directions for wake up to the ipod or sirius are abysmal.  They tell you how to program the stereo to wake up, but not what to do with your ipod/sirius.  I have yet to be able to figure it out which has left me using my ol' phone on through out the night with the volume up.  Given my family's penchant for being "morning people" and their love of communication, this means I wake up about an hour earlier than I would prefer everyday.  But that's neither here nor there.  Just be aware that if you don't care for the alarm then you'll like the product.  Although it is difficult to get my ipod into the cradle.  I had to take off the case I had on it.
I purchased the SCH1W looking forward to hear commericial free broadcasting. I took it out the box and put the batteries int the remote.There was a message to begin set up....push button on tuner. I could not find a button. I ended up taking the radio back and received a refund. I cannot review the quality of the radio, for me I found it confussing to set up..
pro: nice LCD display with lightcon: eats batterys only last 7 to 10 daysrange is not as good as they state, i have other rf remote that have better range.not easy to program.After over a year my remote quit working. I could not find a replacement remote. So i purchased a sirius home tuner and added a rf remote.
This kit uses and older docking station that will not lock in most newer Sirius radios. The antenna also is not very good and gets very poor reception with many drop outs. I replaced it with a stanadrad sirius micro dot antenna and the reception improved greatly. I also swapped this docking station with the one in my car since i am not worried about the raiod flying off in my car. IMHO save your money and buy a sirius radio with car kit and then purchase an after market gadget mount to mount it on your bike. You will get a better docking station and antenna and the after market mounts are better than this.
Wires don't fit right they shipped fast missing parts but they did resend missing parts no extra fee. Item has a lot of wiring issues though
You will have to buy a different satellite antenna if you buy this kit. I could never get more than 2/3 signal and the signal I could get cuts in and out a lot. The radio works fine in the other applications I use it for. This may be due to the fact that the radio mount obstruct the antenna on the mount the give you. I just ordered the micro dot antenna which has more gain and a much longer cord and will mount on the rear of the motorcyle and will see what happens.
The motorcycle mirror mount doesn't have sufficient strength on the ball joint to keep the radio from constantly falling (not in place).
Fan came in on time. It worked ok for a few days then it stopped working. It would have been fine had it been more reliable.
Fan was noisy and bulky. It got the job done but was too noisy to bother using. When in standby it would not turn off.
I got this as a work-around to the Verizon lock-out of the onboard GPS receiver on my BBY Curve.  It only worked with some apps (BBY maps and other programs--I was using allsport--that make use of BBY Maps info).  I used the trial period for Allsport to try this on several runs.  I also used it with BBY maps in the car.  It seemed to do better (not perfect) in the car, but lost signal (and failed to recover it) on all but one run.  I was never able to figure out whether the problem was the Holux, the BBY, or the app(s), but it wouldn't do what I needed it to do.  Sigh.
Equipment and software:- VX6700/PPC6700 PDA phone from Sprint/Verizon- Dell and Gateway Laptop and mobile custom miniPC- Holux GPSlim236- Holux M1200 bluetooth receivers (2 for field works)- Unrated EDR USB v2 bluetooth receivers- TomTom 6 Navigator for PocketPC , MS Streets and Trips 2008 for PocketPC and PC.First Impression:When you look at the Holux M1200 unit, you would say, "This is making me hungry." It's shaped like a fish stick that your kids get from their cafeteria. One you open the package up, glance through everything included, and you'll say, "Huh?!" You get a receiver, a small CD, and some odd packaging that doesn't give you the wall charger, but you get a PC USB cable for charging. Here's a kicker. If you're buying this for your PocketPC or your phone, I don't think you can siphon the power from your phone to push into the GPS unit. If you have one of those Motorola car charger, that's not enough power to charge the GPS unit, since the unit requires a 1A charge device. You can go down as low as 850mA, but that's pretty much it. It will take you a good 8 hours to fully charge the battery.Critical elements:* Use MTK MT3318 chipset, 32 - channel GPS Receiver for fast acquisition and reacquisition, tracking up to 32 satellites. This may be the selling point, but I can tell you that you shouldn't be too thrill with it. Best stick with the SIRF III chipset.* Built-in WAAS/EGNOS Demodulator. Great for high accuracy in some areas. Comparing to the SIRF III chipset, the MTK MT3318 fails to stand up to the performance and signal receiving. On average, the SIRF III receive a minimum of 8 solid satellites, regardless of where you are (in the middle of the urban jungle with really tall buildings, or in the dense forest). Max is 12 satellites. With the M-1200, you're lucky to get a solid 7 satellites continually, and peak out at 10 satellites, which always tend to disconnect every few minutes. In the same urban or forest environment, the GPSlim 236 kicks the M-1200 out of the arena.* Compatible with Bluetooth Serial Port Profile (SPP) completely. AMEN! Some GPS units are having major problem pairing up, and functioning properly.* Support NMEA0183 v2.2 data protocol or SiRF binary codeFLASH based program memory. New software revisions upgradeable through serial interface. Extremely useful to deal with bugs using upgradeable software.* Provide expand-terminal and can contact to other system without Bluetooth device. Awesome to have if you don't believe in wireless technology. There's a cable that you can buy from Holux to connect your M-1200 to your laptop USB port to have a wired GPS attachment. Just a warning: your USB connection will not charge the GPS unit during usage.* Update rate: 1 HZ(max). Fast enough to catch up with most biplane, or a few slower jets.* Minimum signal tracked: -159dBm. Perfect for light densed urban jungle or forest.Just like the GPSlim236, when you open up the box, and attempt to read the manual, you go, "WHAT THE FREAKING CRAP IS THIS?!" There's no hard copy manual, and the PDF document in the mini-CD only give you 50% of what you need to know, that is, the basic information that you already know just looking at the unit. What a pain. What did I pay $50 for and what have I gotten myself into?! Again...The functions:The company may not include all the directions along with the unit, either on the company website nor the manuals, but, the unit works well..not flawlessly..but well enough.The battery:15 hours is too high of a claim. If you use it continuously, 8 hours is your limit. If you use on and off, 10 hours will be your limit. If you don't use it at all, you have a standby time of 20 days. After than 20 days, if you want to use it, it will give you about 25 minutes of power before it goes dead. Recharging the unit using a wall charger (1 Amp rated) only takes 2.5 hours for a full charge. Using a car charger (rated on average of 850mA) will take 4.5 to 5 hours. Use the USB cord that Holux provides for you, better be ready to stand around for 6.5 hours (since the USB port only provides 500mA of power).There's no way to get to the battery if you're planning to replace it. It's built into the unit, and seal tight. This provides the unit some projection if you accidentally drop it in the water..which happens to me.The unit:The unit small and slim, very sturdy, and can be lost easily if you don't remember where you last left it. Take a look at your thumb. That's how big it is. I also dropped it a couple of time on purpose about 4 feet high. Still ticking, and works just like when it came right out of the box. Just don't drop it too much. The battery was not meant to be dropped too often, and since you can't replace the battery, it's not a good idea to drop it at all.The LEDs:Some people have a problem with the LEDs being way too bright in the dark. The LEDs will cause annoyances. Nevertheless, the LEDs is an essential part of the unit. Rather than placing the unit too close to the visual range.The satellite sign receptions:Adequate is best to describe it. Inside a two stories home, I can walk around anywhere, under any interference by radio equipments, and yet, retain a minimum of 2 satellite locks, and average of 4. I can map my entire home using the PDA. Outside in the open, the unit detects up to 12 satellites, but only 9 could be used due to the line-of-sight for the satellites. I used the SIRF III model, and only obtain about 11 satellites, with the unit sits on top of the roof. 3 more is quite significant when it comes to accuracy doing field works. If you're in a building, the chance would be slim to get any signal. Tall trees, forests, parks, buildings, even under the bridge, the signals come through faintly. I'm definitely not dissatisfy with the performance, but expect better for newer models. Rather than placing it on the dashboard where the LED lights may cause some reflective annoyances, just place it away from direct viewing site, such as the door handle groove, the roof sunglass holder, passenger seat, or somewhere near the dash. Don't put it in the glove compartment. The reception will be dropped significantly. The chance of you pickup up additional satellite will be higher if you place it on the dashboard, or better yet, clip it to the sun visor on the passenger side. But all you need is 7 to 8 satellite to have accurate positioning.The bluetooth:Nothing short of incredible. Normally, bluetooth signal only good for 20 to 30 feet. I'm actually getting a full blown signal at 40 feet, through 3 walls, and many interferences in between. The bluetooth connects to all the bluetooth ready units without a hitch. From a small phone to the laptops and PCs. Not a problem in broadcasting and receiving information. The bluetooth signal is strong enough to go through bike pack covers, pants, even the roof of the car. 95% signal strength can be observed at any given time. Although the M-1200 connection to any Bluetooth device function properly, there are some few hiccups in this model. When the power is close to run out (which is about 5% of power left), the communication between the GPS unit and the main device will start to have a 5 second delay. If you're using other devices that interfere with the Bluetooth signal, unlike the GPSlim236, such as using the cell to make a call, you get the same delay in GPS signal transfer to the main device. This doesn't happen in the GPSlim236.Accuracy:With just 6 satellites, the accuracy is quite amazing. Since I live in California, we have few DGPS earth stations that gives the unit a chance to grab some data to perform accurate calculation, and give a close to perfect coordinates. The unit indicated that it has 5m-15m error rate. From the compared coordinates with our DGPS unit from work, the error rate is only 5-9 feet. Traveling to Arizona from California, although there's no help with the DGPS stations, the accuracy is anywhere between 7 to 12 feet with only 7 satellites. Not as great as the GPSlim236, but good enough to navigate around. If you're using the unit to walk around, you may have signal delay. Unless you have a good solid 8 to 10 satellites fixed, anything less than 8, you will have some lag for some odd reason. If you run about 5mph, you'll get a GPS response, eventhough you only have 5 satellites fixed. I use Pocket Streets and Trips 2008, and Pocket TomTom v6.x. Works quite well. The updates of the positions are good for City-City navigation. You may travel up to 500 feet within a second, and once the refresh reach the end of that second, the position is updated. If you travel 1000 mile per hour, you may not get the updated information quick enough. Traveling at 75 mph, you're in good hand.If you're in a State that don't have earth station for DGPS correction, the GPSViewer 1.5 software actually have a WAAS/EGNOS option that you can select during equipment testing. This will allows you to have accuracy down to a +/- 12 feet. They say it's 3m, but that only applies if you only have 3 or 4 satellites to obtain the coordinates from. If you have 7 or more, you may achieve down to a +/- 7 feet accuracy.Overall:I'm satisfied with this unit. I've been a fan of many GPS units, but Holux takes the cake when it comes to GPS devices. TomTom only knows how to do map. PDA/Laptop can go even further with surfing the net on the go, play games, and do quite a bit of things that TomTom or Garmin could ever hope to do.
falls off your ear, activates when your seat bounces and goes dead quickly.  Sound is barely loud enough to wake a mouse
as of Feb 3, 2009 still have not receivd the item, When asked about it it in the hands of the post office lost forever  what do i do now????
This device seems OK.  It works as described.  It's somewhat difficult to get to to stay in the correct position on your ear.  Biggest trouble was dead batteries -- the device worked intermittently for a few days and then died completely.  So, you should add the cost of 3 AG3 batteries to the cost of this device, plus the cost of a small Phillips screwdriver if you don't have one already.  Then too, the device is somewhat hard to disassemble, even after you take the screw out.  A helper and I both thought it had been welded or glued shut.There are radar detectors which are have a "keep the driver awake" feature.  They are much more expensive than this little thing, but safer too:  what if you doze off without nodding your head?  I have a homemade version of the radar detector feature (having majored in electrical engineering), so actually I'll be driving with both systems to keep me awake ....  :)Remember: the best system is a bed and 3 hours of sleep.  Or just pull over and doze for 20-30 minutes at a convenience store or rest stop, that does me a lot of good....
The nap alarm works if your head turns down when you fall asleep.  My head doesn't turn down, it stays upright, so it doesn't work for me. I imagine it will work for some people.
it is a nap alert alarm but it beeps after your head downs at 60 degree and within the time you can bang and some ppl have nap without bending neck so not very useful. It is useful for study or at work when you are not driving and want to wake up without medicine.
I have been disappointed with the capacity of these batteries.  I would get a day and a half usage out of the original batteries.  I get about 3/4 of a day out of these new batteries.
Constantly having to recharge batteries.  Battery life is minimal, even with recharging.  Replacement batteries are hard to find.  They've discontinued this product.  Buyer beware.
I ordered two set's of these Raduos . and only two of the Battries were good . the other two were bad.i tried charging them for two days and still nothing. so i order two more with cahrger with a new chargerand I still have two radio's I can't use . the batteries are just no good . I want to order more ,
I had purchased the item it only worked for 2 months but when it was working it was doing the trick for my audio system but now it does not work at all,and the blue lights on the front were very dim to the point it was hard to notice it was even on.So i would not consider it to anyone unless you purchase a 1 year warranty with it
Yes, it plays mp3, dvds, etc... but the user interface is SO UGLY... really, it's looks like a bad Tron design. And it's important to say that i love Tron.Come on, it's not 1999. The iPod controls are so old it's impossible to find a song.Another flaw is that there is no outside screen, so u ALWAYS have to have the ugly screen out, and trust me, you get sick of it.I wouldn't recommend it.Look for one you can read while closed and has a better iPod UI.
again, when you attach the microphone to the vhf radio a very poor quality audio comes through the mike. so i spent 80.00 for something that is unuseable
Great mic, except that the cable stand up right next to the handheld antenna (M-72), and seems to degrade the signal significantly. Both myself and a colleague noticed the same thing, and it was bad enough that we stopped using the speaker microphone altogether.
I ordered one of these recently on Amazon's Gold Box special for $29.00.  Although it was advertised as remanufactured but in like-new condition, it was far from "like new".  The box had been roughly torn open, the owner's manual and warranty cards were missing, and some components were dirty and scratched.I had planned to use this primarily in my car, but discovered it also needed additional expensive accessories that were not included to use it in a vehicle.This lemon got packaged up and sent back to Amazon for a refund yesterday.
After four months, unable to read channel readout LEDs. Things shouldn't break that bad after only four months. No acceptable.
Works OK, but some one somewhere shold state that it's for automotive use, 12 volt power source needed !  NO WHERE in the add or description is this fact mentioned !  I did mange to find a 110 to 12v power source to run it and get it hooked up and running.  Works OK and just OK, the sound is a bit off, muffled or some such nonsense, hard to describe as it's not all that noticible after listening for awhile.  Anyways, it got my old expensive Digital Ready TV up and running with pure digital signal off the air waves we have around here.
I found the Audiovox SBAR backup sensor on Amazon and other sites after searching for this type of item for a while.  The instructions to install were clear and simple.  Build quality is great.  However after installation and testing the unit would not work.  It always measured everything as though an object was three inches away.  Moving the unit to other locations didn't help.  I think I got a defective unit but  I I'll wait a while before buying another one.  Some favoralble reviews will determine if I buy it again.
The product is supposed to provide a escalating ringing sound the closer you approach an object. The sound is constant from the moment the devise detects an object all the way up to the object itself. It does not perform as advertised but as I paid $ 75.00 to have it installed on my car I am not considering returning it.
So yeah, it looks all whiz-bang and says it will do all these cool things...but you would have to be very lucky to get the one unit that somehow doesn't have problems and lasts for three years.I bought one a couple years ago and it always had various bugs, such as the famous clock not staying in the correct time zone. I mean really....can't even get a clock right?A couple months ago the volume started going up and down on its own, and a couple days ago the GPS went kaput. The GPS actually worked okay (I don't really have anything to compare it to), and I used it nearly every work day to find remote and obscure addresses. (Although one time it led me five miles over a dusty mountain then said "u-turn"). Grrr.So it cost  me roughly a hundred-fifty bucks a year for the thing, which I now have to replace.Oh yeah: It took a lot of work and modification to get one of these to fit into the stock space of a '97 F150.
Attention sounds like a good deal but the expensive ones are that way for a reason just remember the old saying you get what you pay for
This product is bigger than the average stereo so beware that you might have to do modifications to the front panel in order to get it to fit.(pay close attention to the dimensions the product gives, and measure the space you have on the front panel) Also the videos are a little blurry, and the face is not detachable, besides that I like it. The navigation system shows everything clearly and talks so you won't miss a turn. What I dont like is that when you have the gps and the music playing if you lower the volume both volumes decrease. I wish there was a diff vol. button for the gps. This products gets diffective after months of usage, even if it costs more get a name brand.
I purchased this unit 1 year ago, and while it does have many of the features that higher end products have it turned out to be a piece of junk. I live in Ohio and this winter ahs been fairly cold. I use the cd player one day this December and the cd player would not read my disk. I tried another disk and the same result. So I let the car warm up and still no response. I did get a year out of it so can't really be to upset. I am about to replace it with a Kenwood unit that costs only $49 more.
Like most reviews show - the screen failed at about a year.  I was driving to work today, and watched as it flickered from bright to dark, and then died completely.  The radio still works, and my presets are just fine - I can only tune at night when I can see the display.  XM radio is just okay - not great, and despite the hype commercials are taking up most of the air time on popular channels.
My Display went out after about a year. I'm flying blind. I can only set pre-sets when the sun is shining on the display a certain way. To tune, I've got to use the presets.
After a year of moderate usage, one day the screen is dead. My other unit stopped working completely all together after a year too! Seems like this model has a 1 year life expectancy!! Looking for another brand now.
Radio was OK, although not decidedly better than lower end unit we also own. As others have stated in a little over a year the screen fails. Mine was no exception
Despite the reviews that said the screen died after a year, I decided to buy this radio (albeit a slightly different model) a couple of years ago. Just like the reviews, the backlight began to flicker, then completely go dead within days.Because I am lazy and wanted the easy way out, I decided to then buy this model so I could hook everything up to existing wiring. Also, I hoped maybe since it was a newer model, the previous problem would have been fixed.Wrong! Just like the last one, the backlight began to die within weeks of the warranty expiring. It's my own fault, but I figured the least I could do is warn everyone else.Sure, the screen is pretty and it does all sorts of things, but your screen WILL die in about a year. The radio (and presets) will continue to work, but you will not be able to see the screen.And all of those great reviews ... they're all from people who just got the radio. Ask them a year from now if they're still happy, and I'd be willing the vast majority would say no.
I have had two of these same model radios, and the dial broke on both of them.  I could kind of live without the dial, but then over time, every bump changed radio stations.  This is frustrating.  I love it when it worked, but dropped XM after two radios broke.  Also was not happy with all the commercials on what was sold as commercial free radio.  Now I'm back to listening to free local radio.  Commercials just like on XM/Sirius and now Pandora.
I owned the same model for about two years. It just wore out. This one arrived damaged. I returned it and canceled my xm subscription.  I get all I need on my Samsung s3. I am 64 years old and I am discovering new apps and features on my phone every day.
It works with our wii of the singing games  The sound quality is ok, but the cord connected to the mic broke off, we had to tape it back on.
Bought this microphone for my Wouxun ham radio and it worked alright at first, however there were some issues-The PTT button tends to get stuck randomly during transmit; turns out the PTT button and housing is cheaply made-I use this radio on the local repeaters, and I tend to get reports of low audio.  When I try to remedy the low audio problem by talking close to the mic, I get reports of muffled audio.- The audio coming out of the speaker is alright, however the transmit audio leaves more to be desired.-Cord is short and needs to be stretched out.  The good thing about this microphone is the strong metal clip.  Very sturdy compared to my Yaesu speaker microphone, which is a plastic piece of crap.-I should have bought an OEM Wouxun speaker mic. Would have cost me less at least.
It works. .. But you get what you pay for.  The sound is good but the mic is terrible. Inner wires visable after a month closer to the radio.
bluetooth just stopped working after few months. now using the cables.its a great functioning device but dont expect it to last very long.
I returned this product because it was made poorly.  When it worked, it was great.  The problem I had with it was that whenever I pressed some of the buttons, the whole thing would reset.  At first I thought it might be losing power by movement in the cigarette lighter socket, but it was clear that the problem was with the device itself.  Since I haven't seen anyone else have the same problem, I may have just received a bad one.
I think the Bluetooth technology works well.  It's not difficult to find an available radio station to transmit the signal to the FlexSmart.  I did not like that it takes up too much space near the dash cupholder.  It makes one of the cupholders useless.  However, the deal breaker for me is that the male plug (that fits into the cigarette lighter receptacle) gets jarred loose WAYYYYY too easily.  Every moderate bump in the road loosens the connection and the whole thing is turned OFF.  Not exactly safe while driving and trying to reconnect the unit into the cig lighter receptacle.  Other items (radar detector, Garmin, iPhone adapter) that plug into the same receptacle never comes loose.  Makes the whole thing useless and I do not use.I would not buy again.
I've had this Bluetooth FM transmitter for about a year and have really enjoyed using it to play podcasts and audio books from my iPhone. But after a few months it developed some very annoying quirks:The first problem I began having is that it was very sensitive to bumps on the road. It would momentarily lose power anytime I hit a bump, and on a bad road that made it virtually unusable. This product consists of two parts, the transmitter and the power plug with goose neck. The transmitter has a latching receptacle on the back and the goose neck slides into this receptacle. The connection between these two parts is a rather poor design. The transmitter has two little spring loaded plugs that push up against brass contacts on the goose neck, and I found that if you have the goose neck bent so that the transmitter is positioned horizonally, the weight of it tends to pull the electrical contacts apart enough that bumps can cause loss of power. Very annoying. I discovered a semi-workaround which involved straightening the goose neck as much as possible so that the transmitter is positioned vertically. This seems to provide a somewhat more stable electrical connection between the two parts.The second and more bothersome problem was that the FM transmitter would just randomly stop working. I'd be playing something, then all of a sudden the radio would go to static. The device would still have power, because it remained lit up and the Bluetooth connection to the phone was still good, just no radio signal. Sometimes turning it off and back on would restore the FM transmitter, but sometimes not. I found that if I unhooked the transmitter part from the goose neck and fiddled with the little electrical contacts before reassembling, it would usually start working again. For a while. Sometimes that would fix it for a week, sometimes only a minute.Recently the FM transmitter quit working and it seems to be permanent this time. The device still powers up and connects over Bluetooth, just no FM transmitter. I have to give it 2 stars because it has flaws that frequently render it useless, but I give it 2 stars rather than just 1 because when it's working it's actually really good. I just wish it was reliable.
Not really usable in a city.
When it works it works pretty decent for a FM transmitter. But the static problem is pretty frequent, specially in a big city like LA. This makes it unreliable. Not sure it is because I bought a refurbished one from Amazon warehouse deal. But reading other reviews it seems static is a problem in major cities with a lot of interference. I tried changing the channel from time to time, but I can keep on doing this only so long, and still not fun when in the middle of driving alone the static would take over and I can't really change the channel without endangering my life! I had to return it.Wish I can find a more reliable FM transmitter to use in the car.
Doesn't work well in large metropolitan areas. Too much interference form other stations as the signal it puts out isn't strong enough.
When I first used this device I was quite pleased. It was used with my iPhone and it broadcated my music and calls over the radio quite nicely (although it was a little hard finding an unused frequencey in NYC). After around the 4th time using it I pulled the device out of the lighter to store it away and the whole device just fell apart. It felt like one of the knock-off-brands that you buy for a 1/3 of the price but are an inferior product. This was far from a 1/3 of the price of anything else and I expected much better quality from sonthing priced this high. I cannot recommend this item --although it does what it says it will do--it doesn't do it for too long.
I live in Los Angeles where the airwaves are packed with radio signals/stations. I was hoping because of the very good reviews that this device would work well for me, but I am not able to find a frequency with no static. Because I mostly listen to audio books, it's not quite a deal breaker, but there is always some amount of static no matter what station I choose and I have to change it based on where I am when driving around. This is not ideal. If you live in a densely populated area with a lot of radio stations, I recommend avoiding this device unless you don't care about static in your audio.
Pros:  Great sound quality & strong FM transmitter.  Driving cross-country, I hardly ever had to change FM channels.  The Bluetooth controls on the device were handy.  Finding a new radio station was a breeze.  Quick, snag-free connection via bluetooth every time.  If I left it on, it would connect before I was in the car.  The FM transmitter did not cut out after a period of inactivity - my prior transmitter would blow your ears out with static if nothing was playing for 30 seconds.Cons: My friends described my sound quality on calls as &#34;Circa-1970 CB&#34;.  While I could hear the callers great, they couldn't understand me at all.  When I left it turned on after leaving the car, it interfered with my keyless entry signal - I thought the battery on my key transmitter had died and replaced it.  The problem persisted.  I finally learned that I had to turn it off before leaving the car.  The USB charger would cause the phone to go in and out of charging mode every 5 seconds.  This would create the charger connected / disconnected sound and kill whatever you were listening to.I was really disappointed that the voice quality was so poor because everything else about this transmitter is great.  I could have lived with the quirky keyless entry issue and used another car charger, but I couldn't get around having to repeat everything I said three times.  If you're not going to use it for hands-free calls, it's great.
This product was awesome, but stopped working within 3 months! Supposedly the fuse went off and I cant find it anywhere. I called Amazon, and their response was that they cant help me with this (since its a third party product)! This is so ridiculous, I bought it because I trusted Amazon service, but not anymore.
Find too much disturbance. Also, the sound is pretty low compared to that played with cd or fm in the stereo.
Getting a lot of static in Los Angeles, I've looked around for empty stations but can't get away from static
I bought this because of the option for bluetooth and that it can charge your phone as well.  The charging option worked great, in fact I think it charged it really well.  The fm transmitter function, not as great.  It will automatically take you to a channel that it can transmit on, but it kept bringing me to channels that I couldn't get on the radio.  For instance, it would take me to 107.3, but I could only get 107.2 and 107.4 on my radio.  So I would manually change it on my GOgroove, but I could barely hear my Pandora when I tried that.  When I went out of town, on the way there I had to constantly change the transmission, but on the way back I never had to change it.Another thing that bothered me was that if it was on but my pandora wasn't playing, then I could hear static through the speakers.  Also sometimes the receptions wasn't very good.  I was very disappointed because of all the great reviews.Bottom line: about 20% of the time it worked perfectly.
I've not been impressed with the quality of connection when a phone call comes through. I will have to shut it off and pick up the call manually, totally defeats the purpose of having the device.
Pros:Easy to set the stationVery little static and need to change stationsGood sound quality compared to my previous adapterCons:Have never been able to get the blue tooth to work with my phoneTried to remove it from the cigarette lighter to move it to another vehicle and it PULLED THE DASH APART.  So I'd say it fits too snugly.
So in most cars you'll have a 12v port right under the radio and another in between the seats.... I bought two of these units and they sound lousy.... too much noise not clear. I used them both via AUX plug right into the radio and via FM transmitter. I'm again in the search for a good sounding Bluetooth device for the car.... I think I will stick to headsets.
The product seems to be doing its thing but the cables to connect and charge my mobile phone dont work. The one that I use for MY mobile phone fits but the connection with the phone is loose. It doesnt hold and therefore doesnt charge consistently. I bought another cord and it works just fine. This was the last straw for me hence my rating and review because they first sent me the wrong product then finally sent me the right product but the box was all banged up.
this device worked for about a month then it would not power on, i returned it and ordered a different blutooth
Car: Subaru Outback 2011Phone: Nexus 4, Android 4.4.2The good:- Sound quality is very good. In fact, I have never had a single interference glitch during the 2 days I had the device.- The option to seartch for a station-free frequency is very helpful in such a radio-polluted city as LA.The bad:Unfortunately, this is why the device goes back. Every time the car is started or turned off, a Bluetooth connection with the phone is broken. To reconnect phone, I have to go through all the menus: swipe down notification area, Settings, Bluetooth, tap on the paired device. Every single time. At home, I am connecting my phone to a receiver with a BT adapter I also bought on Amazon, and this adapter sees and connects to the phone as soon as I am in range, nothing is required to reestablish a connection.The ugly:- Select track buttons work only once in a while. Sometimes the phone connects and they do, other time the phone connects and streams music fine, but the control buttons don't work.Overall, if you are driving for a few hours at a time not shutting the engine down, then you would probably live with the inconvenience of not automatically reestablishing connection. If your drives are short and intermittent, pass this one. It would be too inconvenient to use.
This product didn't work for me. I have a factory stereo and didn't feel like going out and buying a new stereo.  I wanted to be able to connect my phone so my music could play through my car stereo.  My first thought was to get a cassette/auxiliary adaptor, but I got this product to avoid having a bunch of additional wires sticking out. I wanted to connect my phone to my stereo with blue tooth. That's not how it worked, and I still had to use a wire with this product that went to my phone.  I tried many different channels in my car and it continued to be really distant sounding on both ends of phone calls.  Also, in trying to get my music to work, it was not only sounding distant through my car stereo but had constant static. I was really disappointed. I went out and bought a cassette/auxiliary adaptor after 24 hours with this product.
I bought this product to have Bluetooth connectivity.On a positive front, it does Bluetooth operations fine.However, the following are the cons:- To work with the car itself, it needs FM which gets lots of static and noise. Sometimes, I cannot simply use it- The charger cable (auxiliary cable) is a little too tight to connect to the phone- The flexible handle/cable is difficult to manage.Below average rating
Maybe it was user error, but it didn't work well for me.  I got it to pair up in my Honda Fit but it had so much fuzz and static!  It wasn't so bad when I was playing my music because the volume on the car doesn't need to be loud.  To hear calls you have to crank up the car volume which amplifies the radio static.
I've been using the product for the past three months in a 2005 Volvo XC70. I don't know if this is because the DC socket is right next to the shift knob, or because I use it to charge my phone religiously (Galaxy Nexus, oh well), but the device refuses to stay powered on, even though the blue ring of light on the plug is lit. Because of this shutting on and off of the control unit, the constant breaking of the Bluetooth connection locks up my phone and doesn't charge it. Maybe I just got a lemon, but I didn't abuse the unit at all. The phone rests in a cradle next to the radio, and is rarely picked up except to change a radio station - everything else is done with voice. I'm pretty disappointed with the build quality here.In addition, before it stopped working, it had a hard time putting out a quality signal even on unoccupied frequencies in rural Connecticut. I expected to have trouble in New York City, but audio quality was not, on the whole, what I was hoping for. The music playback control buttons also have a hard time working specifically within an application in Android - they will occasionally not work within a given music app or launch your phone's default instead of controlling an open app like Play Music, Songza, etc.Oh well. Maybe I just have to get around to installing that aux-in cable...
This is generally a good device, but they still have not worked out all of the kinks. The only problem is that when charging the phone while listening to music or taking calls via bluetooth, a high pitched whining sound comes through the speakers.  This whining sound is amplified when accelerating.  Pretty annoying if you hope to use this for streaming music!
Though this product looks and feels great in a car, finding the right FM station and hearing a noise free song was next to impossible for me. Had tried the option let the flexsmart find one, then I tried to find manually. None of them gave me a noise free song quality. Had to return this product. Becareful before buying this. Otherwise this looks good and easy controls and fits perfectly in a car..
Not too powerful of a transmitter. Kind of ugly. Not the easiest to use as you have to support it to press the buttons otherwise it moves. Not great. Wouldnt recommend.
Pros:- Easy to use- AUX line in and out- Music play/FFW/REW/Volume control buttons- USB chargerCons:- Poor audio quality during phone call (on the far end). This is the main reason I returned this item after about 2 weeks use.- Automatic reconnect doesn't work properly. Has to be reset every time. When not connected puts an annoying noise on the output, either AUX or FM.- Quite high noise if used as AUX pass through- Poor music quality on FM. I cannot compare with other FM transmitters but I preferred the AUX much better.Overall seems like the most important feature does not work properly.
I own a 2010 Toyota Rav4.  It's not a luxury car.  I have some road noise, but not an insane amount.  I found this device to be very easy to setup and start using.  On a newly paved side street, the device was usable.  As soon as I got on a worn out road or freeway, I had to yell to be heard.  I am not a soft spoken person, but I don't normally yell.  My throat actually hurts a little today after a long phone call with my in-laws.  I absolutely love the idea of this device, but I found the micro to be sub-par.  There is not microphone volume.  I was able to control the volume level for the speaker phone through the FM radio.
The description claimed it was excellent audio quality. This is only true if you're using the wired audio cable w/o also having your device plug in to change from your car, which then adds a humming noise.  The bluetooth audio that I was looking forward to was crap, it modified the original quality of the audio such that there was very little bass being heard.I think these Bluetooth wireless devices have a long way to go before they can claim excellent audio.  I was very disappointed.
I bought this thing after reading all the reviews.  Sounded promising.  It worked great for the first week.  After that, nothing but static.  No matter what station I tuned to.  I hope I will be able to return it.
The nob changes frequency band. Everytime you touch answer button or call button, you have to look at it and carefully touch the right buttons. Small movement can touch the nob and changes frequency. Now you have to look down again trying to tune back to the frequency. Its really dangerous.Volume level Starts at 20. You want increase the volume? Touch nob, frequency changed, now fumble to get right frequency, carefully press and hold the nob to increase the volume. Repeat this every time you get into the car. Does not remember you previous set volume settings.They should have simple swapped the function of the nob so that touch changes the volume, depress changes the frequency. Frequency is some thing you set and forget, volume on the other hand changes a lot.For me it became too annoying to use, so in spite of good feature, this product is rendered useless.
This is difficult to use and I am not entirely sure that it is working.  It does not come with instructions.  Instructions might have made it better.
I'm a gadget junkie.  I've been one for over 50 years.  I am not a return person, and I've been that for a long time too.  Given those two attributes, you might guess I have a box full of unused, never used, used once, didn't-work-like-I-hoped, and maybe-I'll-use-it-one-day things.  I have my limits, though, and it seems that around $30 is my "laugh and lump it" limit.  This was $45, so it goes back.  Why?First, it was easy to connect, although with a recessed cig lighter socket it was a bit of a challenge.  The flex cable holder stayed in place well.  Tuning the device was easy--good thing, since I retuned it a bunch of times trying to get satisfactory results.  Pairing with my iPhone 4s was also an intuitive process, but that was where the good stuff ended for me.No matter what freq I used, my radio had a background hiss that was just too loud relative to the source program, whether it be iTunes music, podcasts, movies, or phone.  It's what the tech people refer to, I believe, as a poor S/N, or signal to noise, ratio.  Even at that, it was quite sensitive to environmental changes--moving your hand near the device or the phone made it fade in or out, and that was with either Bluetooth or cable, so the problem was clearly the FM transmitter.  My Subaru radio is usually sensitive enough to pickup pretty far away FM stations, which meant I had to search for the quietest unused freq--not easy in the Houston metro area, with about 40 English language stations and a couple hundred spanish stations (many I suspect unlicensed).It's possible that the FM antenna location makes a difference--in my Subaru Outback it is built into the right rear window, which puts it about as far from the dashboard as it can get.  Whatever the reason for the non-performance, this gadget does not go to the box, it's going back to Amazon.
The ease of use of this product was great. When you turn on the transmitter, it would pair up with the phone without problem. Then you just press play on the transmitter, and music starts playing.I've tried a couple other FM transmitters and they all suffer from poor sound quality. This unit suffered as well.There was also an annoying "hum" whenever I used the built in charger to charge the iPhone while playing music. I tried different charging cables, but still had this problem in my car and my wife's car.
I purchased this for my wife to use because she does not like a Bluetooth headset and also likes to listen to Pandora and MP3 on her Samsung Stratosphere. The transfer of music with this device is good but the voice quality on a phone call is poor. It seems to start out fine and slowly becomes unintelligible. I had purchased the Satechi for myself and it seems to have much better call quality.
I will recommend you dont waste your money buying this product the connection with the radio signal is poor I have to use it with the auxiliary cable to talk im very disappointed with this product
I really liked the features of this bluetooth and received it as a Christmas present. Everything about it was great...for about a month. If I'm on a call, the other person can't understand a word I say and they tell me it has a lot of static, even though I can hear them loud and clear. I don't even bother making/taking calls on it anymore. I called the company and they said it was under warranty and I could send it in, but I had to send in a copy of the receipt, which I didn't have, therefore, I have no warranty. Ok, fine, at least I can still listen to my music.....for about another 4 months. It decides to start shutting off randomly. Then I notice that it no longer sits tight in the cigarette lighter anymore. I've come to the point where I freaking hate this thing! I think what makes it worse is the radio station that it's set to, is a religious station, so every time it goes off, I'm getting preached to. I hit a bump, jesus will save my soul. I go to turn the volume up, I need to start reading the bible. I try to change the song, a passage from Matthew 12:14. I think about touching it and I'm guaranteed that I'm going to hell. If there is a hell and I'm going there, I'm taking this stupid thing with me!
Works but no bass when playing music, volume too low even on high.Functions fine, easy to use, but not the level of performance I had hoped for.
Perhaps it is the flex arm that does not keep its stability over time, or perhaps it is the constant static that accompanies the sound transmission on ANY frequency, but this mount/charger/transmitter is a long way from being acceptable. I have an iPhone 4 and most of the time my phone will not communicate through the unit. I finally figured out that I have to have my iTunes music playing before I dock the phone...then I have to turn on the "GOgroove." I have never been able to find a way to get it to work with an incoming call - just forget about "hands free."Find something else.
Initially I was quite pleased as it worked quite well with my iPhone over Bluetooth. However after a month or so it stopped transmitting in the right channel. Now I get nothing but audio in my left speakers. I guess it was too good to be true.
This product might work OK in a car where the power source is closer to the driver, but in a van it just doesn't cut it.  It is too far away to use, you have to lean down to press the buttons, etc., and the microphone is too far away to be heard by the person you called.  Frankly, I returned it.
It's very loose in the socket I plugged it into, and slides around. Quality fluxuates, and sometimes it will be perfect, other times, it's very muffled. Not too happy being I payed $50 for it. I should have a gotten a much more solid product.
I got this thing a week ago so I would have music to listen to on my way to a concert instead of my cheap $20 FM transmitter. Bad idea. Had it for 2 days before it just stopped transmitting. Other than that little factoid it was wonderful & safer while driving. I should've stuck with my Belkin.
I use this item on a daily basis, being an avid audio book listener while driving to and from work.  It works, connecting (usually) just fine to my Motorola Electrify phone over bluetooth.  And the audio quality is reasonable (not great, but good enough for audio books).  So why just two stars?  Because the Flexsmart X2 is annoying in many ways.  It's a dog to switch over to another device (e.g., my wife's phone), so much so we've given up making the attempt.  And the autofind channel feature is not really very good.  I do better just searching my radio manually, finding a region that is clean and then setting the X2 to that channel.  But those are annoying only during initial use (I find it relatively easy to adjust channels during between city drives).  What has me still annoyed with the X2 months after purchase is the constant trouble getting the volume set correctly; I have to adjust it every time I get in the car.  The key to making the audio quality reasonable -- and it can be really poor otherwise -- is to:(1) Set the phone media volume pretty high.  Bothersome as games then are way too loud, but not much else to do but make the adjustment (and not bothersome except on occasion).(2) Set the X2 volume pretty high (>25).  Here's the main rub: the device changes this setting seemingly at random.  Sometimes it's at 15, sometimes at 22, sometimes at 28 (the setting I prefer).  But even when it starts up at 28, half the time it lowers the gain there until I fiddle with it (one twist on the dial and the gain increases; one might wonder if GOgroove is trying to keep the initial volume from being too loud, except that the bluetooth connection beep is almost always really way too loud).  It's all very annoying.  I simply have to adjust the X2 volume every time I get in the car.  Looking for a better device.
I rarely use this device other than to charge my mobile: It's so difficult to pair up  your mobile blue tooth with the bluetooth FM Transmitter!  Very disappointing because I have a lot of internet radio and cloud drive items that I would love to stream from my mobile.  Unlike home products like Logitech's wireless adapter, this product never automatically pairs up the second you turn the bluetooth on your mobile. Instead, you have to push a button on the device and pray it pairs. In my case it rarely does. And who wants to pull off the side of the road just to fiddle with it? (it's too dangerous to try to work while you are driving).Hands-free calling is equally difficult and again I consider very dangerous to try to call/receive while driving because the product is so difficult to use.There's must be an in-car bluetooth product on the market that is easier to use than this!
When buying this product I really didn't think it through...It works ok..some days better than others because of the static.  So here is my routine when using this..take it out of my glove compartment, plug it in, get my phone from my purse and turn on Pandora (I know it would be easier if i had music already on my phone, but i like hearing random), once i get to my destination i unplug the device and put it back into the glove compartment and turn off my pandora on my phone.  I can't keep it in my car lighter because it will drain the battery plus i don't like leaving things like that in plain view for anyone to see when i'm not in the car.  It just seems like too much of a hassle when running errands in town having to do that every time i stop somewhere.  We took this when we went out of town and worked ok, but we don't get out of town that often.  I should've gone with something more basic like just the speaker that clips on to the car visor!
I recently bought a new car and didn't have a AUX output for my iPod :( So I came on Amazon and saw great reviews on this one! Was extremely excited and purchased it immediately! It came in today and the set up and pair up were all so easy... until when the music actually plays. It has so much static on it no matter what blank channel i put it on. And as I was driving around town, the static gets louder at some area. It was sooooo annoying :( Nevertheless, I'm deeply disappointed. Not sure if I want to keep it :(
I was excited about this product when I first bought it. I liked it so much I bought two, one for each car.After a few months I am disappointed. The problem seems to be with the FM transmitter. It simply drops the connection sometimes for no good reason, which can get very annoying especially when you are counting on the mobile phone for directions. The phone keeps working fine. Resetting the unit fixes the problem.I tried using a high quality shielded cable to avoid the FM transmitter altogether. The cable (wire) that comes with it is completely useless. I still get interference (whistling noises).The controls also do not work well, at least with my Google Nexus. I have to long press to make a phone call and it only works sometimes.Overall I'd rather try another product.
I purchased this item based on the reviews I read here.  I was sorely mistaken.  The sound quality of this device is deplorable, the instructions that came with it were confusing in incomplete and now it doesn't even connect with my phone at all.  What a waste of money!
I saw the positive reviews and figured it was probably going to be a great purchase and work out well for me.I live in LA and own a jeep wrangler and my wife owns a Jetta. We tested it on both cars and unfortunately ended up returning it.DEFINITELY didn't work well with the top down, so probably not a good option for buyers with convertibles or open top SUVs. There was simply too much wind interference for folks on the other end of the line to hear well.Also there was alot of static in the connection on both cars (not just the jeep which I might attribute to poor microphone conditions with all the wind - but also the jetta which is obviously a closed top vehicle). Perhaps the connection issue is due to how crowded the frequencies are in LA? Not sure, but if thats the case then I would consider this if you live in a large metropolitan area - however if there are other reviewers who cite great connectivity in large metropolitan areas then it may be an isolated issue.
I should have read all the reviews instead of just the good ones.This product is faulty and broke in 7 months.  At least it was one month longer than the other reviews...It worked great when I first got it, but one day, it just stopped working altogether.
Quirky, with mediocre sound quality. "Manual" (using that word loosely) suffers from errors and omissions, and is an embarrassment to its writers.  For example, manual says to find open fm frequency on Flexsmart, and set car stereo to same.  WRONG!  Better to set car sterero FIRST, and match Flexsmart.  I would have dealt with the horrible manual if all else were okay, but it's not. This is not the bluetooth solution you desire.  I sent mine back.
I bought this in january 2013. I used it and worked great until it just stopped working randomly this month (august 2013). I don't know if i will get another, since its kind of expensive and only lasted 7-8 months
I tried several times to make this product hook up to my Samsung Infuse. Either it isn't compatable or i was gettin conflict from other bluetooth connections in my vehicle. In the end I returned it and was given a full refund by the seller. From the reviews I have read it must be a great item for most users just not for me.
UPDATE!!!, see original review below the line.I am lowering my rating on this unit significantly after owning this product for 9 months. The only feature on this device that is still usable after 9 months is the charger.The first thing to go was the FM transmitter.  I don't know when this died but I tired to use it in my wifes car for a roadtrip, and found out that although it was broadcasting (i.e. the radio could auto tune the channel), there was no audio coming over the channel.Then, back in my car, the tape/line output gave out this weekend.  As far as I can tell, its still connecting with the phone, its just not outputting anything to the line out to go into my stereo.  I suspect its a bad connection inside the unit (plugging the tape adapter directly into the phone works with no problems).  The unit is constructed such that I would have to do permanent damage to it in order to open it up and inspect it.Perhaps 9 months is all one should expect from an electronics device of this caliber these days, but it was not in a harsh environment by any means.  It sat plugged into a switched cigarette lighter the entire time, with the exception of the one time I tried to use it in my wifes car.  I'll be looking to replace this unit as I loved the functionality, but I will be looking for a different manufacturer.--------------------------------------------------I had been researching FM transmitters for my wife's car that doesn't have a cassette deck or 1/8" line jack input into the stereo.  I finally decided to spend the extra money and get this one with the Bluetooth connectivity, which I hadn't really been interested in.  I have been very pleased and surprised by all of its capabilities and features.First, and this may not suit everybody who is looking to buy an FM transmitter, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that in addition to the line in 1/8" jack (for connecting to phones/players without bluetooth), there is a 1/8" line out jack.  This may seem like a vestigial remnant for a bluetooth/FM transmitter, but you generally get better sound quality out of a direct connection to your stereo (even with a cassette tape interface) than over an FM transmission.  If you use the provided cables to connect the phone to the FlexSMART and then the FlexSMART directly to the stereo you get great sound, AND a speakerphone, all without needing BlueTooth.Now that I've said all of that, I am currently not using either the line in, or the line out.  The convenience of getting into the car, turning it on, and being able to use the FlexSMART to control the music on my phone, all without taking the phone out of my pocket, trumps any gains in sound quality the direct connections might offer (especially considering the hassle of manually connecting everything every time you get in).  I may decide to keep the FlexSMART plugged into the stereo, but so far the FM transmit quality has been just fine, see below.I had been hesitant about FM transmitters because of all the reviews about weak transmission.  Not so with this unit.  When I first got the unit, I plugged it in, tuned my radio to the default broadcast frequency, paired it with my phone (bluetooth), and started playing music all in less than 30 seconds.  Then when I turned the unit off, I realized that there was a radio station on the channel I had been using.  The FlexSMART was powerful enough to completely override the admittedly weak signal of the station I had inadvertently tuned to.There is one minor issue, but I'm not sure if its a bluetooth issue, a phone issue, or a FlexSMART issue.  Occasionally when listening to music, there are momentary drop outs in sound.  Not enough to be bothersome, but noticeable.  It is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars though.  I plan on playing around with the different connection options to see if I can get to the root. I did switch to a different app (MortPlayer) on my Android Captivate recently, and now that I think about it, I haven't noticed it since then, but I won't swear to it.I haven't tied to use the charging capabilities of the phone with my Captivate.  It came with the correct micro usb interface, but as I said, I never need to pull the phone out of my pocket.  Maybe I'll have to test it and report back.Bottom line, I would recommend this to anyone who needs an FM transmitter, or anyone who has all the auxiliary jacks but wants to add a handsfree speakerphone to their car.  The Bluetooth connectivity and control is gravy on top of all of that.  I'm enjoying it in my car as a replacement for the tape cassette connection even though I had really bought it for use when in my wife's car which has neither a cassette deck or a 1/8" line in to the stereo.  Very convenient.HTH
The FM transmitter works great but when I tried it using Bluetooth in mywife's car or in my diesel pickup truck, people could not hear all of whatwe were saying, maybe the microphone was over compensating. So to say theleast I was not to pleased. So a 4 or 5 would be out of the question.
I have not been very pleased with this product. The first time I used it, it was great. The directions were a little complicated but I was able to get it to work. Since then it has been difficult to get it to work.
I REALLY wanted to love this little transmitter.  I have an older FM transmitter that is not wireless that I've been using for a few years with my iPhone 3G and it's big and gets in the way, often falling into my steering wheel as I drive so when my new iPhone 4s arrived, I was definitely in the market for a new FM transmitter.  I got it all set up (the directions weren't hard to follow at all) and synched it up to my iPhone, making the connection through Bluetooth, found the radio station it was recommending and the audio quality was so terrible that I couldn't listen to podcasts at all, let alone my music library.  All I could hear was static with the audio I was trying to listen to faint in the background.  I tried putting my phone in airplane mode as I'd seen some suggest but that made no difference.  I tried pushing the search button in the device to have it suggest some other radio frequencies but nothing worked.  Bottom line - I had to return it and am back to using my old transmitter.
I've tried quite a few different FM Bluetooth devices, and this one definitely tops the list in terms of ease of use and quality.  BUT, it suffers from the same problem that other FM devices suffer from.  No matter which link station you use on the radio, you always get a very loud annoying background hiss.  It simply just doesn't have a powerful enough FM broadcasting signal.  Don't waste your money.
On a regular independent(from car radio)hand-free Bluetooth system all you need to do is press the ON and the call starts. With this device, one must set the radio on the right station (first click, if you were listening to other station or CD) and then answer the call (2nd click)on the phone. With iPhone 4 you also need to set the sound routing to the Bluetooth client (3rd click!) [the options are iphone/speaker/bluetooth] and only then the call starts normally....think twice if this is what you wish for.If you do not have iPhone and the radio is not on the Flexsmart X2 station, then the ringer may not be heard. Problem...Otherwise, the setup is easy and smooth.
Sound over radio is has static.  Simple to use,  but poor sound quality has me thinking I need a hard wire connection, and to heck with the fm transmitter concept.
I really wanted to like the GoGroove Flex X2 as I had been wanted to get a bluetooth FM transmitter.  I really liked that I didn't have to worry about battery life and that I could listen to my music through the radio.  However, there were a few things that made this a return for me.  The device could not handle the system prompts on my iPhone.  I couldn't hear when the bluetooth was ready for my voice input.  When I made a call, I get an auditory confirmation of the person I'm calling.  However, since I can't really hear the system prompts, I don't know if the voice recognition had recognized the correct contact.  I have a Motorola T215 and it is able to handle the system prompts without a problem.  I called Accessory Power customer support (who had very courteous rep) and was told this issue with the system prompt is not a defect, but is the way the unit functions.  Additionally, one needs to hold the call button for 3 seconds prior to making a call.  While 3 seconds isn't long, it is a bit strange to hold onto a button that long (as opposed to just simply pressing a button like with my T215) while driving to make a call.  The audio streaming for music (and even video) files is decent.  The volume is less than it would be for a radio station so one needs to turn up the volume on the radio despite having the Flex X2 at its highest volume setting.For myself (which I appear to be in the minority), the GoGroove isn't the bluetooth / FM transmitter device I can use due to its limitation on the calling experience.
Tried the Go groove FlexSmart as a way to transmit my music from a Samsung epic 4g to 07 Camry.The good part was easy to use and pair. To Pair it you just hold the talk button down for 2 seconds and then when it blinks you set your bluetooth device to connect and pair.Go groove FlexSmart did auto connect to my phone which was great.  The controls on the Go groove FlexSmart were easy to use and felt nice to the touch. As for finding a station to set it to that might be the problem (for me). Go groove FlexSmart was set to (88.5fm) out of the box which is a good choice but when I used it the sound had static and was not as clear or deep as I would like it (I know its not going to be great sounding but I expected more). So after using it in several areas of my car with no change in transmitter reception I tried the Go groove FlexSmart auxilery out put (3.5mm jack) and it was worse picked up all the engine noise.I could of lived with it and tried to modify it, but the last draw was when I used it to make calls, to much road noise and clarity was worse.Oh well..... Returning to Amazon.Might work for others but not me.2 stars for the easy set up and control.
The volume button did not work as advertised.  However, the gadget paired easily with my cell phone  The company contacted me and replaced the product.  The new one still had volume control issues and would not pair with the cell phone.  The company said my original DID work and suggested I didn't handle it properly.  That's fine, but if it can be screwed up, there is a design problem.  Nonetheless, I can still use it to play music on the car radio, so I'll take it and go with it even if it does not operate the way it was described.  FM signal is stronger than most gadgets of this type, a definite plus.
I purchased March 8th, 2012, device died yesterday September 8th, 2012.She was a great device that made my 2-3 hour commutes to and from San Francisco all the more bearable. I loved this device - in those short six months we spent a lot of time together and we shared many memories. I remember when my GoGroove was playing Blind by Korn and a lady on the phone merged into my lane, with me in it. Or when she was playing Will.I.Am's Impatient when the man that found traffic's 70 mph too slow and made a 3rd lane out of the shoulder only to head straight into a barricade. There was also the rock that a big rig picked up and lunged straight through my windshield as she blasted Rolling Stones. There are many more memories of her and I that we shared while on that tumultuous commute; every time I sat in my truck, she was always waiting for me ready to tackle the road -- she was my foundation, she kept me sane and free of the terrible music and talk shows plaguing the airwaves.Alas, the good times have ended. Yesterday, I cranked my truck and eagerly awaited the ever so identifiable "happy beep" when she and my phone meet again and say hello to each other. Upon not hearing it, I increased the volume on the radio thinking I had muted it only to find that it was in the usual volume level. I checked my phone to see if i had mistakenly turned bluetooth off, but it was on. I checked her power button, but she was already switched on, yet no sign of life. My heart stopped. Our time together has prematurely ended. It hurts to know that tomorrow when I hit the road, she will not be there for me.Upon reading other reviews, seems like quite a few units don't make it past 6 months. I never mistreated her, I kept her nice and clean. Never removed from her home -- she had become a permanent fixture in my truck. So saddened and shocked by my sudden loss.It did not occur to me to register for warranty so I am SOL. Honestly, I was not expecting such a short life span, perhaps my expectation was too high. Shame on me for thinking I bought a quality item.
I don't understand how Flexsmart X2 bluetooth FM Transmitter FM transmitter can be used. I know I need to put the same FM station on your product and my car's radio, to be able to use your product.But, what do I do if i need to use the CD changer on my car?? or if want to listen to another radio station.I JUST FOUND OUT FROM THE MANUFACTURER THAT YOU CANNOT DO ANY OF THE ABOVE....WHY DIDN'T THE SELLER ON AMAZON EXPLAIN EXACTLY WHAT WE CAN DO WITH THIS PRODUCT...THIS IS NOT PRACTICAL BECAUSE YOU CANNOT USE THR RADIO AT ALL...SO YOU CANNOT LISTEN TO ANY FM STATION...ALSO, YOU CANNOT USE YOUR CDs IN YOUR CAR CD CHANGE...(NOT GOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!)
sound quality is not good ......just removed it because of the noise associated.However, sometimes, it worked just fine !?the call button is not working with my iphone 5 maybe i still have to read instructions !
I will try to make this review brief and to the pointPhone: HTC EVO 3dCAR: 2006 Nissan 350z Stick ShiftStereo System: EclipsePros:There is not much to go over here, the flexsmart charges your phone, connects pretty easily to bluetooth, transmits to your stereo via FM channelCons:Sound Quailty:I have noticed that when I shift gears or when the car is revving high, this causes a faint buzz sound in the audio transmission from my phone to my stereo system.  I am not sure why this is happening but I am assuming that something in the engine is interferring with the RF transmission.  I have to sometimes change the radio station on the flexsmart to fix this issue.Build Quality:The biggest problem I had was that part that connects the mount to the car broke in a few months.  The ring that holds the circuit breaker type of device fell off and thus making me lose the circuit breaker and spring that holds the circuitbreaker in.  I do not know if I was unlucky, but now I have only the top part of the device without any means of powering it.All and all, a great concept that could have been executed much better than with this device.Please note that my review was done after I had used the device for several months.  I loved it the first few weeks I got it, which is what I am assuming when most reviews are written.
Volume is too low and you can hear static distortion when playing music.  I first tried tuning through my fm radio and the static noise was very noticeable.  I then tried connecting directly to my cars Aux port on the radio, the audio quality improved but you can still hear noise (whistling) in the background. The volume improved but not by much I went back to using my aux cable to connect my phone to my vehicle.
It would seem that this works as long as you can keep it from coming apart. The plug that goes in the auto power supply keeps coming apart and you cannot get it to stay together. I have tried everything short of superglue. If you glue the part you can never replace the fuse.The product is not worth it, don't buy.
I live in a big city and I don't know if it's because there are so many radio stations but I had a hard time getting a decent signal.  The conversation was fuzzy.  It worked okay but had major problems.Didn't like:1)  Static in call2) Hard to find an open radio station (it would turn to 88.8, I don't know who gets even numbers on their radio..I don't)3) When I turned on the car and was talking on the phone, my call would cut out because it was trying to go through my car speakers.4) The arm wasn't very strong and would fall down over a few minutes5) I didn't have a really close plug-in, so I always felt like I was yellingI returned mine.
I bought this for my husband last year for christmas..it was PERFECT. However, 10 months later it does not work AT ALL. So don't expect this thing to last a long time. We were rooting for this one too b/c of all the high ratings!:(
The lighter socket has this rubber on it which is supposed to make the fit nice and tight. But that also means that if you try to pull it out once or twice, the rubber will break off easily making the fit very loose very soon. The result is that the device keeps plopping down to one side as the car moves.The volume control keeps resetting to 20/30 everytime since it cant remember the old volume setting after you turn off the car. This device should have been configured so that it was possible to use the lighter holder OR stick the unit to the dash with an extension cord. But this is not the case. It looks very cheap. a2dp works with working skip/back buttons. im going to try a moto t605 now.
Returned it. It always sounded like an FM station not coming in clear. The music quality was terrible. I tried a number of different FM stations. I believe it may be either my location (too many stations in the city) or the location of my cars FM antennae being too far from the device.  The car was a 2003 Toyota Camry.
I was hoping that this would do a decent job of broadcasting my phone's audio to my car's stereo so I could listen to audiobooks. The interference is awful on pretty much any channel. I can hear what's going on, but the static is much louder than the signal so it's painful to listen to. I ended up just using earbuds instead.
Purchased the FlexSmart X2 about 5 months ago. My son and I have loved it until recently. The power cord that plugs into the car's DC outlet is not as snug as it used to be. Whenever I turn a corner or hit a bump it is shakened a loose which causes the power to flicker and the bluetooth connection is lost. Sometimes for no reason at all the bluetooth connnection will break. It is so frustrating to repeatedly have to reconnect the bluetooth.I do not know the lifespan for the device, but I'd hope it was longer than 5 months. My device may be of poor quality or this may be expected norm. It was good while it lasted. I'll contact the vendor for resolution and see what happens.
(Updated, January 2013) Nope, I was wrong about most of the stuff I wrote earlier. After using this thing for about a month continuously I noticed that the FM signal would fade out over time. Staying loud enough for a short commute but becoming useless on long trips. The FM signal also sounded like the input from the Bluetooth signal was overloading the transmitter's front end, making it distort badly in the higher audio frequencies, and when I brought the input levels down enough to kill the distortion, the modulation levels were so low I could not hear the program at highway speeds.So my final conclusion is that this is yet another useless in-car FM transmitter. You'd be better off just going to a car sound shop and replacing your old radio/deck with one that actually uses 3.5mm jacks or Bluetooth directly instead of through the FM radio. This thing sux.
Bought this item couple of months ago. The sound was good in the first month (no static). But recently the static noise has gone up, it's as bad as the $6 FM transmitter I replaced with this (I tried various frequencies with the 'auto tune' feature). I can't return since it comes with one month return policy!It's better than the old FM transmitter in following:1. Bluetooth works fine and seamlessly.2. Useful features: I can charge my iPhone, can connect my iPod via aux port.I bought it for 45 bucks, I would have preferred spending a few more bucks and get a new audio receiver for the car.
it's annoying how much interferace you get. not worth the price. the music would be like buzzzzzz. that keeps happening
This product does exactly what it says.  It's very flexible; both literally and figuratively.  The flexible neck is supportive and provides convenient access.  The body has basic ipod controls and a usb port for charging, and will charge all the devices as described in product specs.  Conceptually, it works extremely well with the exception of one thing; there is a noticeable and significant amount of interference while charging during playback. I contacted customer service about this and it is apparently a known issue.  This device gets only 2 stars because this is a SIGNIFICANT design flaw based on the inherant nature of the product (a music playing audio device), and the vendor offers no recourse or resolution.
I haven't had it for a full 3 months before its having issues with maintaining power without me having to twist and turn various directions to stay on.  Its already began to have distortion intermittently.  For the price I expected more and received less.
I bought this product for my Hyundai sonata, and plugged it in on day one. It worked well, always sync my mobile on startup, and call quality is not bad. But, on day 5 when i removed the device from the power adapter, to charge my GPS battery, that was the last time it worked.The power adapter for device was broken, and the fuse came out. I would say the device is good but the hardware and handling is a flow. I can not return/replace as it wont come with any warranty.
Ended up buying this product JUST because of the excellent reviews. But, did not work for me since I have a slightly different case.I drive a manual Corvette , guess this device is not designed to work in that noise level/intensity, so was definitely useless for me to talk through and the person at the other end trying to listen in.so, for me it wasn't a good purchase at all
I gave this to my son in law as a gift, but he says it performs so poorly that he has chucked it away and never even wants to use it. What a disappointment and waste of money.
If you are looking for a true plug and play device then this is not for you.It does require some effort on your part to connect over bluetooth and then retain the connection.I will probably look for something else.
I have used it with an iphone 4 and 5c and with both everyone says I sound like I am in a box when talking. It streams music to the stereo ok but I have to buy something different so people can understand me. I have tried every FM station but it didn't matter.
I purchased this hoping to be able to stream my iPhone 4s to my 2007 Honda Accord's stereo.  So far it is working very well.PROS:  The setup is very easy.  The Bluetooth on the FlexSMART connect quickly and easily to my iPhone.  I used the FM channel that the device first selected and was able to play my music, podcasts, talk through my phone and even use Siri (although, I had to initiate & terminate calls and Siri from my phone) through the microphone.  I was up and going within 2 minutes, easy.  On my iPhone, it remembers the last place you were listening from and starts there when I press the Play button on the FlexSMART.  Good powerful signal most of the time.CONS:  There are a few little gripes I have.-Wish it got louder.  iPhone on full, FlexSMART on full, stereo nearly maxed out, still not very loud.  This is most notable at freeway speeds.  Part of this could be the factory stereo itself, but if I need to go through the effort to change the stereo in a Honda (not easy or cheap) I would just spend the extra $$ on an in-car bluetooth stereo and not have to have an add-on.  EDIT - Figured out what was wrong.  Every time you shut the FlexSMART off, the volume goes back to it's "default" setting (15, or 1/2 volume).  Every time you start up the FlexSMART you have to turn the volume up to ~28 then it works much better.  It seems silly to me that it doesn't remember your last setting and I haven't yet found a way to save a new "default" setting.  This is a big inconvenience and I highly recommend GOgroove fix this issue.- Microphone ends up being far away from the driver, so it gets a lot of road noise.  I have mine plugged into the lighter in the dash, which is on the passenger's side.  This is the closest one to the driver in my car.  Most cars don't have a lighter plug on the driver's side, so that puts the microphone far away from the driver.  Wish it had some noise compensation built in to adjust for this.  EDIT - Called 3 different people on my way home today to test.  What I found out is that it isn't as bad as I thought, still not great, but not as bad.  After you turn up the volume (see above) it works much better.  Still a lot of noise and it's not always easy to understand what the other person is saying.  The slower you are going, the better.  So it works better for city driving as opposed to highway driving.- There is occasionally a lot of static.  This happened to me the most when I was stuck on the freeway with a ton of other people.  It was probably overflow from other folk's devices.  Makes sense, but annoying none the less.  Especially as I was on the phone at the time so it made it hard to understand the other person.- The auto-tune feature that supposedly finds the frequency that is the most empty doesn't work.  It seems to randomly choose a frequency.  It keeps "finding" frequencies that most FM stereos don't tune to: even numbered ones (102.4, 87.8, etc.).  One time it actually tuned into my favorite radio station (which I receive great where I live) as an "open" channel.OVERALL - I'm the most happy that I can listen to my music from my iPhone in my car through wireless now.  The phone feature was secondary to me.  If you are wanting something to listen to recorded stuff off of your portable audio device, I recommend it.  If you are looking more for a wireless connection for phone calls in your car, there are probably other products that would do you better.____________3 MONTH EDIT:  I've now had this device for about 4 months.  The FM transmitter has all but died.  There is normally nothing but static it transmits now.  I'm not sure, but I think it might have died due to leaving the device turned on while starting the car.  After a while of doing that, the Bluetooth/FM part would not come on (yet there was enough power to make the blue light on the base light up).  If I power down the device and power it back up, then it starts working.$40 for 3-4 months worth of function really isn't a good deal so I had to reduce the number of stars I gave it.
1. No matter which station I match it to, its fuzzy/noisy static.2. Poor design - the head where it fits in the charger/cigarette lighter is too large and the device gets stuck (other plug in devices have normal size heads and work fine)
I wish I could give this product a better review, as it seems to work in some cases and it's not a bad design for my car, but it really fails when you try to charge your phone while using it.As soon as I connect the USB charge cable from my Samsung Galaxy Nexus to either this unit or even another power port in my car, this unit starts sending out a terrible static and interference that changes with the rev of the engine.  It makes listening to anything unbearable.I tried a different charge cable. I tried a different phone.  I tried a friend's FlexSMART X2 in his car with his phone and mine.  The interference is there, no matter what.The Bluetooth syncing strangeness and the volume resetting to 20 are minor issues to me, but the interference kills it.I would love it if an electrical engineer could take a look at this problem and figure out WHY it's happening.  I have read mention of using a ferrite choke that blocks FM interference as a possible way to solve it.. I haven't tried it.For now I am having to use the device without having my phone plugged in, while I decide if I want to return it.
The people on the other side could not here me well. I don't think any of those type devices work, but this is probably the best of them all.
Way too noisy when driving around in L.A.  Sorry I fell for all the good reviews here on Amazon.  I thought maybe the technology had improved but it hasn't.
Some reviewers in the Los Angeles area said they were able to tune this in and use it well. I could not get it to tune the stations I needed, I live in the Hollywood Hills in the Beachwood area of course AT&T's service could have played a factor also. It is a well made product and I believe that if I was living in a less urban area I would not have returned it and gone back to just using my 3.5mm input jack through my car's stereo.
I would give it one star but I guess it does actually work. Only not well, it picks up so much cross static that you have to switch the channels constantly. Doesn't matter if I use the Bluetooth or the cable. Perhaps it would be better if I was in a rural area. I would recommend spending the money and getting a auxiliary input.
Bluetooth doesn't workFM works good, but connected with a cable.as I am living in France it was a despiting experience. Hopefully I went to LA, and could return it.
This was a replacement for a Go Groove Flex Pod.  I did take a risk and get the one to use with my smartphone instead of my Ipod Touch, because of the bluetooth capability.  Well...the bluetooth seems to work okay.  However, when I try to play music from my smartphone, it leaves a lot to be desired.  The sound quality sucks, the songs skip in parts and the volume isn't very good at all.  I am very disappointed in this product.  I just purchased another one of the Go Groove flex pods to get the quality product I had before.
I was excited to get a bluetooth transmitter that wasn't overpriced and had good reviews. However, despite the great reviews, it does have its problems. I have had the transmitter for about 8 months now and have noticed a few things that you should definitely consider before buying this product.Pros:I have noticed zero interference when playing music. It is easy to connect and once you connect via bluetooth to your phone, you do not have to worry about it again. You can go in and out of your car and it will still be linked to your phone the next time you turn your car on.Cons:It is extremely slow when it comes to charging the phone.The charging cable is so short, that you cannot talk on the phone when it is charging. I guess you can use the bluetooth to talk handsfree, but that leads me to my next problem- and the only real problem I have with this transmitter:Using the bluetooth option to talk to people through the car speakers is awful. You can hear the person just fine, however the person on the other end can never hear me very well. They always say I sound very distant or in a wind tunnel. To make things even worse, the phone call ALWAYS drops after 5 minutes. It's like clockwork and never fails. Its pretty annoying to have to call someone back when you're in the middle of a conversation and driving. Not to mention dangerous.Anyway, if you're looking for something that plays music and does not require cables, then this product is for you. But if you want to use the other features like talking and charging, I would recommend looking into something else.
I've had 2 of these both worked great but only for about 2 mo.  What' has happened is the Bluetooth either stops working or works very intermittently. Very frustrating cause I liked the product. The 1st one I was able to return but this one is outside the 30 day window.
I thought for almost $55 I would be getting something a bit better... Sound quality is about the same as one of those cassette tapes with the wire on them... And it doesn't want to charge my Motorola Cliq XT, which is a bit of a hassle seeing as how it takes up my only cigarette lighter. Idk, if it was really worth the money, oh and it looks really cheap when you take it out of the box...
My first one worked amazing for the first two years then randomly stopped working. Since it has a 3 year warranty I got a replacement one (which you have to pay shipping for both ways, lame.) it stopped working two days after I recieved it. I guess I got lucky with my first one cause these things seem to be poorly made. Time to look for a new transmitter.
It was the best bluetooth FM transmitter I had used when it worked. No static... very good quality sound. The problem is it broke less than 6 months after I had it. I probably only used it a dozen times. Will try sending back to the manufacturer but other reviewers have made that look hopeless. We will see.
I LOVED this product! It worked well and was so convenient! however, I haven't even owned it for a year and it has fallen apart. If you are able to find all the small parts it's fairly easy to put back together, but some of the parts fell all over my car when I pulled it out so I'm unable to use it now.
It gives too much background noise, and volume is quite low. It is not worth the price, maybe a $20 is a fair value.
I have tried this unit out for a month now and it is garbage!!!!  I cycle every day thru numerous stations and still it is not a quality piece.  Tons of static and just doe not work like it brags.  I would definitely NOT advise anyone to get his piece.  You will not be happy.  Oh.....and running music thru it is terrible as well.  I run my phones music, streaming music, my iPod and my iPad......all sound terrible!  And it wasn't from a lack of trying!  I used multiple different cords including the one it comes with.  Bah!
I got this as a gift for my brother, but it didn't last very long.... It just stopped working one day for no apparent reason and now it's in the garbage bin.But while it did work, the sound quality was great. It'll be a good purchase if you want a temporary substitute for another transmitter or something.
This works great, but is made out of plastic, why? i have no ideabut it broke less than 6 months since I've had it, when will therebe a decent transmitter????
I live in Seattle and I think the best station that works for me great is 89.3.Pros:-Wireless option (Bluetooth).-Auto-connect.-Handsfree calling.-Play/Pause, Next & Back buttons.-Easy to understand how to use it.-Charger (Not suitable for iPhone 5s)Cons:-Mine got stuck when I plugged it the first time and broke the rubber materials on its side that supposed to hold it. The fitting was not aligned.-When my cars bumps from ramps or potholes, or shake sometimes the thing falls off where it connects. You'll have to push it back and reconnect.-Kind of expensive to be honest than what I was expecting.I like it now because I've already spent my money on it. But if I invested on something else first besides this, I would probably not buy this one. I'm using it while it lasts.Update:04/08/14The blue tooth stopped working. Now the only options I have is the in-put line plug.Charger is still working...
For the 3 times that I used it, it worked great. Then when I powered the device for the 4th time, it wasn't lighting up. I am returning the product.
i hated this thing and couldnt return it fast enough!when it found the cleanest signal it didnt come through so clean. i ALWAYS got static. As i drove the static only got worse until i found another "clean" station. its junk and dont recommend this to anyone who cares about quality audio. If your not into quality audio then this is a great way to play your music from you aux device what ever it may be
Read a lot of the recent reviews.  Tried it out on a 2008 Honda Civic and a 2004 Honda Pilot paired with an iPhone4S.  Blue tooth setup was easy.  Sound was muffled and volume was too low.  Adjusted radio and phone settings but still poor at best. Couple that with a distinct low "hiss" on the empty frequencies tried and I just can't see using this device at highway speeds.  I have to return mine.
I bought this for my dad for father's day back in May. It worked great up until a a few weeks ago when it completely stopped working. If you're looking for a short-lived in-car bluetooth then by all means this is a great one. But, if you're looking for a product that will last for more than 8 months you might want to keep looking...
I read the review and thought that finally a FM transmitter that works without being fuzzy!!  I live in LA / Orange County and it was really fuzzy.  When I would find a station that worked, I could go a little and then need to change the channel again.  It was really frustrating when trying to talk while driving down the 405.
I so wanted to like this!  Most reviews were good so I was very excited.  It seemed to work well for a couple of weeks.  I could hear static some but I didn't expect it to be perfect since it played over the radio. However, I could not use it to make calls at all.  The person on the other end could not hear me very well no matter how I adjusted the thing.  I kept it however, because the charger worked and I could play my music.  A few days ago...the charger stopped working so now I am shopping around for a charger and seperate wireless headset...which I should have done in the first place.
I got this for my droid.  It worked great for about a month then it started to glitch  every now and then but eventually stopped working.  I've had similar problems with other devices like this and I think saving up some money and buying a header would be much more cost effective.
Wouldn't purchase another in which I would like to for another vehicle but this unit has some sound issues I can't figure out???  I need to turn the volume on almost max in order to hear the conversation yet the person can hear me fine.  Play back from an audio source is just as bad almost max.  It does work don't get me wrong but MAX???
I'm sure this is fine for somebody with time to mess around to get it to work. I need something I can plug in that will work. This would not stay on the fm channel when trying to stream my Pandora music from the Droid X. Had to send it back. It's a great idea but you need to make it easier for those of us who do not have time to  tinker with it to get it to work.
I bought this for my husband and he did not like it, it had a humming noise that irritated him even after trying different channels. He also hated the blue tooth feature. We returned it and he when back to his Wal-Mart $13 receiver.
The package was broken, clearly cut open, and all the important cables were missing. So I only lost my money...
It's pretty good but I had to remove my car antenna there was just so much interference. Now I hear a pretty bad buzzing coming from my passenger speaker which has to be coming from this device because I don't hear it when playing the radio or a cd.
It worked pretty well while it lasted. One year later I started getting all kind of interferences usually after 10 minutes of use.If I turn the device off and turn it on again it would work for another 5 minutes. I tried with different phones but still the same problem.I tried to get an exchange. The process is really a pain so I gave up. It's not worth my time for 50 bucks. They can keep the money but I will never buy from this company again.
I am not a huge fan of Gogroove products but took a chance on this because I needed a blue-tooth FM transmitter. Product is ok but comes with no instructions at all, it is hard to figure out how to use it. Put in a little more effort in your packaging and customer service.
I bought this in March 2013 and it worked great. I have two kids in a mini van and needed the bluetooth for my iPhone to stream their kid tunes. We had it just a few months before it broke while removing it from the car jack. July I believe it was. My husband jimmied it back together, but it was finally unable to continue it's makeshift life by November. It was irreparable even by my clever husband. I am so disappointed because when it wasn't broken it worked great! The speaker phone was great and the music played without problem. Perhaps mine was uniquely faulty. However, this was my experience and less than a year after purchasing it I am now looking for a replacement.
Product worked great for the first 29 days but 45 minutes into a weekend getaway we stopped for a few minutes and when we returned to the car the product would not power on.  I emailed the company and they seemed willing to discuss the product but Amazon had already issued a refund.  Before the product malfunctioned it was working fairly well.  Connected very quickly to my phone and music and calls sounded good.  Only downside was volume was a little low but that is the case with all FM transmitters I have used.  Not sure if there is a defect in the overall product or if I just had a faulty device.
Need to adjust frequency on it same as some preset frequency.If you will listen radio without blue tooth,than you need to keep radio all the time on the particular channel.Not so good for the radios without blue tooth.
Good:-Easy to set up-Plays music through your stereo via bluetooth-Take callsBad:-Your voice is not transmitted well (very &#34;tunnel&#34; sounding)Think about:-Does your cigarette lighter turn off with power? If so great, otherwise it will stay linked to your phone in the house with your car outside.I have used 2 of these.  One worked ok, my voice sounded like I was in a tunnel to people.  The second one I bought was really bad and people could not hear me at all.  I returned that one.
there were no instructions that came with this product.  while trying to access the music from my phone, I accidentally called someone.  Someone smart can probably figure this out but its gonna take me a while
This FM transmitter worked great initially.  However, it is too heavy and awkward causing my cigarette lighter to break.  The bluetooth function also quit working after a few months.
Meh--this things does its job, but it doesn't do it remarkably well. It's just another overrated FM transmitter, that probably sounds great (in that passionless "great" way) in the middle of nowheresville Montana, but in a metropolitan area--don't expect your socks to be knocked off. The static as well as the overall lack of depth in all audible frequencies, inspires me to incessant teeth grinding, upon listening to FlexSmart X2 for an overly-extended period of time (10 minutes approximately). Aside from the inevitable dental work an audiophile will face after too much music playback on this gadget, at least there's no commercials and it's nice to have a hands-free way to make static ridden calls (just imagine you're taking a caller on your very own private radio show).
I bought this for a cross country trip in my 98 Honda. It did well, but it never stays secure in the power socket so it just flops around all the time. So, I was inventive and used some velcro to tie it to the dash. That worked OK. Then it would shut it's self off for no apparent reason. That we could live with. Then it just started smoking. I pulled it from the socket and it was so hot that it burnt my fingers. You may want to rethink this purchase.
I loved my new Gogroove Flexsmart X2!  After working out the bluetooth kinks with my Galaxy Tab I was in nirvana.  I loved that I could get into my car and the audio on the Tab would magically issue forth from my cars speakers.  No wires. No hassle.  I've tried several FM modulators and this product has the best I've experienced.  I loved it so much that I bought one for my brother.  BUT THEN - less than 3 weeks into my nirvana - the unit just stopped working and would not turn on.  I checked the DC outlet and the fuse and then emailed Accessory Power.  Sadly, they are both SLOW and UNREASONABLE.  After 3 emails I am still waiting for an RMA.  I have been informed that I will need to send the product back to them at my own expense, wait through a 10 day 'evaluation period' and then possibly receive a replacement if my product is deemed by them to be defective.  This process seems unreasonable, especially for a 3 week-old product.  SO FAIR WARNING - if you receive a defective Flexsmart you will not be happy with the customer service from Accessory Power.  I'm currently researching alternative products.
I cannot find a radio station that syncs with the blue tooth.  Every station I try is filled with static.  People who I am speaking with report to hearing me perfectly, but I cannot hear them without turning up the volume super loud, and that also turns up the static.  Perhaps it's because I live in NYC ?  I will say that the company has been really responsive and even tried to assist me by suggesting a frequency in my area that might work better.  to no avail.  The company assured me that I can return this product with no hassles.  I plan to.
Lot of noise issue.Volume is very low.  Can't have meaningful conversation on phone.Lot of humming noise especially when passing by trucks and powerlines
I had high hopes for this working for me based on all of the positive reviews, but while driving around Seattle and between Seattle and Portland, I am constantly re-tuning to try to find an open station. I've had it since July 2012, and I've never gotten it to work consistently. I'm assuming that how well this works depends largely on the density of radio stations. I'm really sick of hearing static and trying to re-tune this while driving, so I'm springing for an integrated AUX kit from GTA. It's twice the price of the FlexSMART, but it's a direct line into the stereo without relying on a clear frequency and shouldn't be terribly difficult to install.
Kept loosing quiet stations while driving. Worked great if stopped, but not functional as an altertanative for installing an aux input (my car didn't have one)
you get what you paid for with this product. It lasted maybe 3 mos of minimal usage. will not buy again.
Didn't like. Sound quality was horrible. Couldn't get much of anything but static on a lot of stations. Sent back.
This item doesn't what I want it to do and there's a loud whine that emits from it. So I'm returning it.
I don't think I would recommend this product.  I like the feature of charging while playing but there is a lot of background static when the music is playing..  I am disappointed.
This product is highly rated, and I do not feel it's rightfully so.  Yes, it works, BUT because it requires tuning your FM dial, you will experience A LOT of Static.  I found the trick is to tune through each station until you find a station that is not in between a local radio station and it does not provide much static.  Once you find that station, you will then tune your GoGroove to the station on your radio.  This works well at best until you cross into an area where your radio starts to pick up on some other local station (ie when your cross into a different county).Most new cars today comes with built in Bluetooth capability which truly connects your MP3 device to your car.  Alternatively, you can buy a new radio that will has a built in Bluetooth.  Another solution is to buy a kit that will allow you to connect your MP3 device directly to your car using head phone wires.  Buying this unit is a cheap solution, but I do not feel it's worth the money.  Again, the unit works, but do not expect the best sound quality to come across.
I like this but dont at the same time. I finally found a &#34;static station&#34; to where I can somewhat hear my music on. When I play songs through this bluetooth none of my songs come in clear enough and you can only play it at a low level to even understand what they are singing. I dont have a cheap phone either. Im using a Samsung Galazy S4 and it still does not come in clear. So sad.
Not what I thought it was and it don't very good at all in my truck. Would not ever buy another one again.
For only slightly more than this thing costs you can find something like aGROM Adapter/Interfacethat's totally hidden with much better audio quality and no awkward junk sticking out of your cigar lighter socket.Here are the problems with this GOgroove thing:- Audio quality over FM is still too poor. A cassette deck audio adapter I have is much better even.- For some reason the control knob controls the broadcast frequency during normal operation, and it's too easy to accidentally hit the thing, changing the frequency by 0.1MHz, breaking the audio connection. This is dumb; they should have given you some way to hide or lock this so hitting the knob while trying to push one of the buttons won't change the frequency. It shouldn't need to be changed at all unless you're on a long trip.- There's a volume control (why?) that you access by pressing the knob down and then turning it. For some dumb reason it resets to 20 out of 30 whenever the thing is powered off and back on. Why 20/30 (or 66% of full) is a good default I have no idea, because the volume is too low compared to regular FM stations even when it's cranked up to 30. Since the same knob controls the broadcast frequency, it's also easy to mess that up while you're trying to fix the volume.- The only connection option is the gooseneck connector. It would have been easy for them to let you detach the gooseneck from the connector and connect up a plain wire between the thing and the power socket so you could mount it with velcro or put it wherever. As things are, if you wanted to do this you'd need to solder your own connector to the power pins or rig up something similar.- The thing is just way too expensive for what it does, almost as expensive as a real dash install kit with bluetooth, an aux port, ipod charger/audio cable, and handsfree mic. Save your money and just buy a real dash install kit to put behind your head unit. They're actually pretty easy to install since usually all you need to do is slide the head unit out and plug them in.The only stuff this thing gets any credit for is:- It does have an audio output jack so you can skip the poor quality FM link and add bluetooth to any aux port. Still, this is too expensive compared to a dash install kit.- The speakerphone thing is reasonably good. Again though it's nothing special and you can do better with a dash install for around the same cost.- The USB power jack is helpful though that isn't saying much.I don't really know why I bought this. I feel like an idiot. I thought perhaps it would make a good temporary solution until I could get my GROM kit installed (which I didn't have time for before my road trip) but I've ended up plugging in my iPhone with the cassette deck adapter that I've been using because the audio is much better and it's generally much less trouble.I tried to give this to both my brother AND a friend of mine, and neither of them have any use for it. I'll probably try to send this back as soon as I get home.This thing is just NOT worth it. Save the money to buy something like a GROM adapter or just a new head unit with Bluetooth, iPod support, etc. Buy the GOgroove and you'll probably wish you hadn't. I wish I had treated the high star rating with much more skepticism. Hopefully this will be the last time I fall for product ratings.
While using this product abroad, specifically Africa, I had no issues what so ever. But upon my arrival back in Atlanta, Georgia, where I school @, I cant seem to be able to get a single empty and non static station. I read the user manual and used the auto-search feature to no avail. Thus am not giving it a 1 star because its not like it doesn't work at all, as it did fine in Africa, but its deceiving to use the autoscan feature only to see the station /FM channel isnt free!Other than that. I ha no issue hooking the device via bluetooth to my Iphone 5 and it controlled the music fine. But I do blame the device and not the city of Atlanta because my friend has a Griffin fm transmitter that he uses in his car daily with his Iphone 4S and it works flawlessly here. Thus I will take a look at that product instead.
I live in a big city, Phoenix, and we have about 20 big comm towers on the top of the mountain to the south of the city.  And we have a lot of radio stations.This causes a problem for the GoGroove.Every single frequency I've tried has had significant interference from the radio station that uses that frequency.  Sometimes it just causes static; other times I actually hear the competing station's signal overpowering my GoGroove signal.  Therefore, the sound I get from this thing varies from bad to horrible.  At best, it's unacceptable.I use the auto frequency search, but the GoGroove just keeps locating the same two frequencies,  bouncing back and forth between the two with each auto-search; both get major interference.  I used the manual frequency selection dial and found one frequency that has minimal interference, giving me the sound you might get from a distant/weak radio station.  And that's the best I can get: constant static and audio that cuts in and out as the competing radio station's signal fights with the GoGroove signal.I can't really blame GoGroove.  This device is what it is.  If you live in a big city with good radio towers, this device really shouldn't work very well.  For me, it doesn't.  But I also can't bring myself to give it more than 2 stars, because I stopped using it completely after a week or so.  Just way too much static.
It said this worked with the iphone 4.  But I cannot get it to work.  Now If I return this item I only get a partial refund.  Very disappointed.
just like I said, it worked till it broke fairly soon after buying, pulled it out of the lighter input (car power supply) and it gutted like a fish
The product is frankly not meeting my expectations.  If I had to do it all over again I would try a different product.Positives:- Good FM transmission signal.  I lent it to my sister-in-law on a long drive and I was able to hear what they were listening to in their car.  Not great quality under those conditions, but I was impressed that I could hear anything at all much less discern the media content.- Tuning/volume knob has good tactile feedback with push and turn.Negatives:- The flexible gooseneck is actually more trouble than help.  I have used it in three vehicles and in all three cases the access to the controls and space consumption would have been better without it.  The device is not stable when accessing controls, the position of the controls varies from one time I use it to another and the device gets in the way of other things around the dashboard.- People can't hear me when I use the hands-free function.  I can hear the other person very well, but I have had people hang up or ask that I turn off hands free out of frustration on their end.- Perhaps the most annoying problem is that the device picks up noise from the engine when I plug in my phone (Droid Incredible) to the power input on the device.  This is annoying when listening to spoken word and maddening when listening to music.- The ability to set the output level on the device is very frustrating.  Every time I get into my car I have to  push down on the knob and then change setting from the default value of 20 to the 28 or 29 I want.  Sometimes I don't push the knob in all the way or accidentally push it twice and then accidentally change the FM setting.  Then I have to fuss with two settings.  Argggh!  I ought to be able to set my own default value and not have to worry about this.
At first worked well and no static but after a couple weeks of using the static became worse and worse and at times ok but seems after being on for a little while it starts to get background static that will not go away even when changing stations
I bought this based on high reviews but regret spending my money on it. The sound is rarely clear with always some sort of fuzziness in the quality and I can't rely On answering calls throughout because so often I've had people complain they can't hear me well.Wouldn't recommend
The DC barrel that plugs into your car's power supply is poorly constructed. The barrel is held in the charger with rubber grips that ripped within 2 weeks of use and the unit would jiggle out of the power supply, causing interrupted phone calls and music. I thought the warranty would cover it, but the warranty company, Accessory Power, said that was "normal wear and tear". They refused to replace the barrel/flex arm, and instead offered to send me a "washer" that would go over the barrel. No thanks. Luckily I was able to return it to Amazon.I also have the Mini, which has no rubber grips on the barrel; all metal and therefore much more durable. Otherwise, the blutooth units are identical and excellent products. Watch out for Accessory Power's warranty terms though. Not as helpful as you would think. Get the Mini:GOgroove SMARTmini BT ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter with Charging, Music Control and Hands-Free Calling for ANDROID, iPhone, Blackberry and Windows Smartphones
Very difficult to find a good station. Too much static.  I returned it.  Phone used is a Galaxy S4 and car a Honda Accord.
The sound quality suffers greatly with this device.  Also, no one can hear me clearly when on a phone call.  Kind of defeats the whole purpose of buying it.  I think I'll just suck it up and replace the stereo in my vehicle.
The title says it all, unfortunately.  I got this for my wife for Christmas per she wanted to play her ipod in her vehicle (08' Hyundai Santa Fe).  She does not listen to the music at loud levels at all.  If anything she likes it moderate or quiet.  With that in mind I figured a little distortion would go unnoticed and this would be a great product for her.  Unfortunately she could not get a clear enough signal to enjoy her music at all.  We live in the suburbs of Phoenix which is a major market for radio and that may be the reason why she could not get an uninterupted signal despite trying every available signal.At any rate, we'll have to return this and keep looking for a better solution.  Perhaps one that does not rely on FM transmittion.
during the first 2 weeks, it worked perfect,the sound quality of the call is acceptable. But it's ok since it work through radio signal, so I didnot expect %100 sound quality.And now, I turn it to almost all weak-radio signal (or use it automatically-find tool), and the sound is terrible. I could not use it anymore, i had to plug it into my AUX.
I can not hear the caller and I do night know what to do. The caller is able to hear me. I went to apple store ....no solution.
DisappointedI got this for my wife and at first, it worked great, then got progressively worse.  Most of the negative reviews were correct; unfortunately, it worked well enough for about a month... long enough for the return window to expire.
I ordered this bad boy for myself as a Christmas present, and have been using it for a few hours.  Plan to use it with my I-Phone 4 as a Bluetooth interface with my old non-Bluetooth car.  It's a bit akward to mount in in the cigarette lighter as there is no support in the rotational direction.  I suppose that's a shortcoming of any product in this category, so it's something I can live with.  The broadcast signal quality is certainly not CD quality, but after experimenting with a few stations found one that provides adequate sound quality free of static - will need to get some more experience with the product to confirm this.  Just make sure you remove the frequency sticker before using so you can see the digital display:)  The product did NOT inclue an I-phone adapter to charge the phone.  I'll need to go to Walmart to pick up a $5 cord to plug into the USB port for this function to work.Update:  After several months of using this device, it just doesn't produce a strong enough signal to maintain good sound quality.  May work better in other cars, but my 2002 Malibu's antenna doesn't pick up the signal well enough. During the hotter months of the year performance seems to degrade.  The inconsistent sound quality combined with awkward mounting, have convinced me to go back to using a set of headphones for listening to TuneIn Radio.
It pairs nicely with my Samsung Infuse, though I have not tried receiving any calls through it as of yet.  It plays Pandora from my cell phone but only sends sound through the right side of my car; I don't know if it is playing Mono or Stereo.  And then to make matters worse the volume control does not work, it doesn't go into that mode after I push the contorl knob as per their instructions, instead it changes the radio frequency instead, loud static then follows.  My Kenwood radio plays Sirius/XM just fine as well as CD's, with my 4 speakers and my 200 watt amplifier,so I know it is not my radio.I thought it might be defective so I thought about returning it for an exchange and give a new one a try, but Amazon only gives you a refund and no opportunity to exchange it.  I am not sure if I want to purchase a new one or simply return it and give up listening to Pandora in my car.
It works perfectly if you want to is the FM transmitter, however the line out is not working, so you can't have good quality audio by connecting it to your aux input!!!
This is simple to use but it has two major flaws.  It always finds an even numbered station (i.e. 93.4) but my car stereo does not tune to even numbers, even manually.  It only dials to stations ending in an odd digit.  You can manually change the FlexSMART setting, but then it may not be an open station.  Once I have found a relatively clear station, the person on the other end of the line has a hard time hearing me.  I have not found a way to adjust the output signal so I can be heard better.  I really want this thing to work well, but it is looking like a $50 waste.
Way too much static for a $50 FM Transmitter. Call quality and music quality are terrible.  I would not buy again.
I bought one for my '03 F150 and it works GREAT.  So I got one for me '07 scion xb and...not so great.  There is a high pitched whine on every single frequency.  And the output volume is extremely low.  I have to turn the volume all the way up to hear when I am on the highway, and even then it's not enough.  And at peak volume the whine is unbearable.  I thought I could get around that by using the line out and plugging it into the car's AUX jack.  No such luck.  The signal is so weak that I can barely hear sound at max volume.Another issue is that the cable that came with it seems to be for the iphone 5.  I have the 4s.  I just used a regular pre-5 usb cable and when I plug it in I hear the "bleep" meaning it's charging.  About 2 min after plugging in, it just repeats that "bleep" every 5 seconds.  Tried 2 different cables with the same result.Perhaps the newer version of this item has defects?  I'm pretty unhappy with it.
Although I love the concept & idea of it, it just didn't work for me.  The dialing and receiving worked fine, but I couldn't hear the person on the other end very well, hardly sometimes.  It defeated the purpose of my having to search for another channel for better reception while driving.  It may work for some people but not for me.  I returned the product.
Great initially but a year in this product no longer lets me adjust the volume and sometimes doesn't even start when it is turned on. It also won't automatically scan for channels. The control buttons are not compatible either with my iPhone 5s. Also when on a phone call those I am talking to have difficulty hearing me. Aside from this sound quality is great plugged in or wirelessly.
Piece of junk. It works fine if I bam listening to sports radio, but if I play music it is a horrible piece of crap. Static and nothing seems to cure it. Phone calls work ok, tho I've been told I sound more distant than I used to with my previous one. I'm pretty much looking to replace this garbage now. Don't waste your money.
The instructions were poor.  Sound quality poor.  I think I have it hooked up and adjusted properly but hard to tell based on what came for instructions.
I gave this product a two because it did what it was supposed to nothing more. It made noise come out of my speakers but really that's about it. The product is supposed to auto scan for the the best channel and that function did not work. After finding a station that would work an annoying hissing or static noise can still be heard if you listen carefully. I tried using a few different cables and different stations and got the same result. Another thing that bothered me was that I had to turn the volume up on my radio until it is almost maxed out and still not getting much volume out of the speakers. All and all if you're a person that likes to listen Am radio or listen to music out of a tin can in a wind storm than this is the product for you!
Setup was easy but stopped transmission in less than an hour. The go groove key stopped searching for stations automatically and froze. It is very cheaply designed product with dollar store type plastic quality. Returned.
I got this product in May and when I connected it to my car and my iPod, the sound quality was way superior than my older fm transmitters. Unfortunately, after about 6 weeks later, the bottom part that connects to the car came apart. I tried to fix it and screw the parts together, but the piece no longer works. I wish the hardware was sturdier so it could have lasted me longer.
It is decent but not a great fit. Every time i hit a bump on the road it losses connection
Everything else works as advertised except the mic. The person I'm talking to can barely hear me so I have to raise my voice. Plus the volume keeps reseting to the default so I have to increase the volume everytime I turn the car on. If there were a setting to adjust the mic sensitivity and it remembered the volume this would be a good buy.
At first, it worked lovely!  I was VERY excited about the hands free communication.  It was actually the reason I chose to buy this product over other FM transmitters that had better reviews.  When I tried using the calling...it was useless, though.  Everybody I talked to said that I sounded like I was whispering, and they could barely hear me.  That was ok, I still really enjoyed the quality of the music from my phone.  A few days ago, my music became extremely fuzzy.  I tried changing the channels and then I tried twisting it around. It DID cleared up or the remainder of my drive.  The next day it was fuzzy again, and twisting it around didn't work.  Completely disassembled it and reassembled it...still no luck.  It gets more than one star because when it worked for the music, it worked great at the time.  Really not happy I wasted my money.  I assume since the metal extension allows a lot of movement and twisting, something just got jumbled up or disconnected in there. It's done for.
Could not get unit to scan for best signal. If you do not have an auxiliary plug on your radio this unit will probably give you the same problem. Without unit operating I cannot fully rate.
After I saw this bluetooth in my firend's car, I purchased this product. It is working very well in my friend's car. But it not working in my car. It is giving more noises in my car while talking. I tried all the channels and all FM stations but no use. Same noises are coming. So I decided to return this product to Amazon. Sorry for giving the trouble.
I bought this to try and avoid buying a new stereo when my cassette broke. I could no longer run my xm through the radio. It hooks up ok but sound quality drops considerably. Volume drops fidelity is sacrificed. I tried turning up the volume on the unit and the phone but it does not sound the same as a direct connection.  I ended up installing a new radio which was a great improvement over the oem anyway. Really ......  pass on this if you can.
The product arrived on time, however I bought this product so I can connect via blue tooth and none of my devices are able to. I have an IPad, HTC one, Samsung, iPhone, Razor all can find the name of the bluetooth but all fail to connect. Yes I did follow the included instructions on how to pair devices. This device does work via the head phone jack on all devices but I did not purchachase this for that intent.
Rarely do I return and item but in this case I did.  First off, the instructions are minimal, basically an outline showing you what part of the product was what.  Yes, most is self explanatory but if you're unsure like I am in electronics (so much so I got a friend who is very good at that stuff to help get it hooked up, which even for him was not a slam dunk), it can be daunting without at least some basic instructions.But, we finally did get it hooked up, and functionally it was fine...while the car was idling.  But once the car was moving there was a low pitch squeal under the music that got louder once you accelerated.  Combined with the awkwardness of the wiring (my aux port is inside of the console between the seats-not the products fault but it made for a weird wiring set up), I just decided this product was not for me.
We were very enthusiastic when we heard and read what this item can do - and for such a reasonable price.  I know it can perform since there are numerous youtube videos to help set it up - and believe me, they are needed, because the small instruction "leaflet" that came with the unit was pretty much useless. Perhaps the worst I've seen with a current day digital device.  For example you're told to tune the unit to the same stations on your car radio. Then what? They don't say  And you'll not find out from GO groove's short info.  It's easy to see what the various buttons do - and which they describe well - and also easy to pair it with your bluetooth enabled phone but beyond that you're pretty much on your ownWe look forward to using it once we learn from others on youtube how to take adavantage of its features.  If you're considering purchasing this - even if as with me - you've set up and installed numerous home and auto audio / video devices and speakers, plan on watching one or two youtube videos.....all of which wouldn't be necessary of GOgroove spent a little more money and talent on developing a better instructional booklet.  Perhaps I'll revise my rating once I have it up and running.
My cable that came with it broke after only using it for a few months and now I'll probably have to be replacing it. I don't really like how it sticks out in my car either, it's very bulky.I won't be purchasing it again if I can't find a replacement cable to hook up to my phone.
The play next and previous buttons don't work on Androids.The blue tooth does not always auto connect or disconnect apple and Android. WHen the blue tooth audio disconnects it doesn't pause it starts playing on you phone speakers (Android). So you are listening to podcast in your car you get out to go shopping then you notice a good podcast starts blaring out of some where. You look around to see where it is coming from and you discover its your phone. A little embarrassing. My blue tooth headphones pause the player on connection and disconnection.
wish i could get my money back, the static is ridiculous. im not sure if its my area or what. but i couldve just gotton something cheaper with the same damn results. ... the only good thing about this product is that its a car charger and i can also charge my ipad .....eh whatever
This transmitter is pretty functional when it works. The issue is that when it is hot outside it fails to transmit FM. This makes it worthless in the summer time. It has also been getting worse and worse over the last year and now it only works probably 50% of the time even when it isn't that hot out. I do not recommend this product.
When we first got the Gogroove it worked really nice, hooked into the cigarette lighter of my car wasn't obtrusive. After a few weeks I would get a call and when I answered the person on the other end couldn't hear me.  The microphone should have either been more powerful or closer to me.  It finally quit after a couple of months use and the use wasn't a lot.
This is a terrific tool for steaming and playing Ipods in the car.  The problem is it only lasts about 2+ months and then it stops recarging.  For some odd reason it will not recharge my Droid phone.  This is the 3rd unit it has failed. I will send it back again for replacement.
I've had a gazillion of these chargers/transmitters, and what I like most about this one is the stiff-neck of the controller.But after a few months of usage, all we use it for is to charge the phone and play music through our car speakers, which is all we did with ANY iPod/iPhone charger/FM transmitter. We've gone through TONS of those, both high-end and cheapies, and they all had that same problem with the cable becoming frayed over time; maybe this one won't wear so easily due to the adjustable stiff-neck.And I would have given it 4 stars (-1 for bad reception) if they would have left it at that (charger/FM transmitter). But they added ALL THE PROMISES, both on the package and in the many MANY overly-positive reviews, of the varied other functions this thing is supposed to be able to do (Hands-free phone use, bluetooth, auto clear-station-finding, voice recognition --probably brushing your teeth as you drive.). We've tried both the Samsung SG3S and the iPhone 4s with this -- none of those other features work [reliably, if at all].The directions are tiny, so maybe we're misreading, but you shouldn't have to take a class in using a stupid peripheral. We've screamed at it, spoken softly, etc, and while we aren't sure where the mic is, there's no  voice detection at all, so scratch that "feature" from the start. If you want hands-free, get a freaking mount and download an app (HTC and Samsung both have FREE car dashboard apps). Put your phone in the mount, turn on the car dashboard app, plug it into a regular FM transmitter/charger, and go on down the road. Because the controls on this thing suck. Nevermind the non-existent voice control: the dial in the middle, what does it do? Change stations, turn up the volume? It apparently depends on how you have it connected! WE HAVE NO IDEA! (And don't even mention the buttons below the dial; if you touch them, you'll move the entire gooseneck out of position. While you're driving.)Never. again. This thing tries to do too much, and it's just big and funky and ugly. And that pretty picture with no cables? You have to cable that thing up so much it looks WORSE than a regular car mount/charging system. I've grown to hate it so much I've considered throwing it out the window and driving over it. Again, the  music doesn't even sound that good through the speakers, and the thing barely charges your phone unless you're not playing music! (Which you won't mind, because it makes Harmon Kardons sound like Dollar Store speakers).Two stars for being a functioning charger/FM transmitter. And I feel I'm being generous.tl/dr: tries to do too much, does nothing well.
Another product that lasted about as long as I expected for the price. The sound was never that great either but it did work ok until it just up and died one day for no reason.
I just got this item in the mail and I am pretty disappointed. First, the sound quality when playing audio through the bluetooth it incredibly bad. There is no bass pumped through it at all and the sound quality gets worse the more you turn it up. I messed with ALL the settings dealing with sound quality on my phone and on my car's stereo and nothing helped at all. Secondly, this thing fits EXTREMELY tight into the cigarette lighter outlet. It fits so tight it took extreme force getting it into the outlet, but once it was in, it was IN. So I tried to unplug it to adjust the way it sat and when I pulled it out, it pulled my outlet straight out of my dash. Completely out and broke the tabs that held it in. I'd highly recommend taking a razor blade to the rubber on the piece you plug in, and trimming it down before you plug it in. Lastly (of the bad), when it selects an "open" station it usually picks up the even stations which my car's radio does not pick up. The even stations it does pick up are sometimes between two other stations so it is not really "open." To say I'm aggravated with these few things is an understatement.On to the good... When the sound it hooked up through the 3.5mm jack the sound quality is awesome. It really is awesome. But, since it is hooked up through the audio jack, you cant use the next or previous song buttons on the actual unit. Well, that's about all of the good with this thing.  Although, I haven't tried using the bluetooth for calling anyone or receiving calls. Maybe that's something else good about this unit, but I don't know. Hope this helps...
They sent me some different things to try too get better reception.  It help but reception is still not the greatest, its not worth the price I paid for it.  It does work thou, just not like I thought.
Really bothered me that this wasn't the answer to my problems of no BT or ipod music in my car but it didn't workI have a 99 BMW 540i that doesn't have bt or an aux for an ipod or iphone so I thought this would be perfect!  I hooked it up and found a good frequency that had no station and tried it out.  I got good audio when the volume was low but as soon as you turned it up it got all nasty and distorted.Tried turning up the iphone and still had same issue.  Tried turning up the stereo only with iphone at half volume and same issue........Tried leaving the GOgroove turned up halfway or so and iphone too and turn up car radio and still the same issue.Just couldn't get it to produce even semi clean audio for music.Returned.
The mic on this does not pick up audio well unless your close to it and your car cabin has low noise. Further the USB charger would not work. I tried this in multiple cars and and same two issues. The FM transmit to the car is very clean and nice. So for playing mp3s its great, but not calls and charging.
I decided to try a FM transmitter from a brand I never heard of before--this one seemed to have the right combination of features and prices.  It uses bluetooth to connect to the iPhone, and you can also charge the phone via a USB connection. This isn't a fancy product, but all I wanted was something to get the job done. When it worked, the GOgroove FM transmitter worked very well. Unfortunately it only worked for a very short time. It still charges the phone, but the FM transmitter no longer works. For the price, this one just wasn't worth it and I will stick with well known brands in future.
You have to constantly change the station as you drive around. You begin to hear static as the signal becomes weak as you drive around town
It worked fine and was pretty amazing. After about of month of casual usage it just stopped working. Pretty disappointing since it costs $50 dollars and it dies pretty fast :\
This thing got stuck in my 2006 Dodge Neon. Pulled out the lighter guts with it. Other than that it worked fine.
The item worked great for a short while.  But as I used and twisted the base, the more fickle the plug-in became, until it would constantly short out and eventually, wont even turn on.
People in the rear of the car can use it too making it valuable that way for us. Interference is often a problem when playing music from the phone but the option of amplified music from a small portable device makes it useful. It's large so it's in the way but the neck bends enough to make it work. I've used it a few times for conversations and it does work however I'm been told I sound like I'm in a tunnel and disconnecting by either removing the device or turning the bluetooth off to do so disconnects the call so I rarely talk on it. The next purchase would be in an intergrated bluetooth stereo. I doubt I would recommend or buy this again.
This device lasted me less than a month before it shorted out on me and blew the fuse for my cigarette lighter.  I don't know if my car shorted the device or what, but I was not happy.  For the money, this is supposed to be the best FM transmitter on the market, which worries me.  I'll give it 2 stars because when it did work, it was great.  Sound quality is great for an FM transmitter and the bluetooth capability allowed me to go cordless most of the time (except when I used the USB port to charge my phone).  The controls for pause, play and next track worked with my Pandora app on my phone as well.This fact that this item died so quickly, considering how highly it's reviewed online, really soured me away from buying another transmitter.  Instead, I spent 50 extra and just bought a new head unit for my car that has auxiliary and USB inputs so I am able to just remove FM transmission from the equation altogether.
The device when connected via bluetooth doesnt play the songs from my G2X android cell phone.it plays the songs only when connected via wire. the bluetooth works for making and receiving calls with no problem.
For all the reviews, I gave it a try. On my wifes Rav with an Iphone 5 this was nothing great. The through the radio connection picked up endless interference from the engine. A high pitched whine as you accelerated. I used a cord to connect it to the audio in on the radio and AUX connection, it was quieter but still there. It also required turning the volume way up each time. Never got it to make a call, only to receive. The sound was so unacceptable, through in the towel and gave up on this one.
I was really excited when I bought this because I had a crappy fm transmitter and it broke. I read both good and bad reviews and decided to take the plunge. Within 2 weeks I couldn't adjust the volume anymore and the forward/rewind buttons weren't working. I mainly only use it for an fm transmitter for my ipod, but it stopped working so quickly, it was just sad. Also, using it as Bluetooth to speak on your phone is okay, but the call quality is kinda crappy. The charging capabilities are good though. Given another chance I wouldn't buy it again, I'd just get an fm transmitter. 2 1/2 stars
This is not water prof at all. Had it on for a week and it rained and for 5 days you couldn't see anything.. after about 6 months of use it stopped working. I have checked all wires and fuses. It was neat for awhile but will not buy this again.
When I first installed this camera, I was really happy with it. The picture was clear. Night vision was very good. It was easy to hook up and the camera angle is perfect. After about 2 weeks the picture began to degrade. Within a month, I couldn't see anything. I opened it up and the inside was wet. The plastic cover had become completely yellow/orange also. I dried out the water and used a headlight lens polishing kit to clear up the plastic. I installed clear shower caulk in the seam and pressed it closed to form a seal. I also put the caulk in the four screw openings. The picture was like new again. After about a month the picture began to get worse again. I noticed the lens had turned yellow again. I didn't get any water inside the camera this time, it just discolors from the sun I guess. Now, I see nothing at all when I put my car in reverse and have ordered a more expensive camera.
soon use the lens became yellow and the picture was clouded andthe durability and very lownot recommend the product
Installed this on my truck, and used a flip out stereo for video. It worked great until some water got inside the lens, and now the camera no longer works.
I only get video out of it about 50% of the time.  It seems to be less reliable in the cold.  When in a no-video state I've also tested with an external monitor and confirmed no video.  Voltage is also good.  I returned for a replacement and quickly got the same symptoms.  I also tested connecting to Accessory and reverse lights, but both had similar issues.  I gave it two stars because when it works it's clear and bright, and maybe I just got units from a bad lot.
This was bought to team with a Magellan 1700.  I also bought a Pioneer ND-BC6 to compare the two and use the one with the best image.  I connected both of them to the Magellan in my shop and compared the images.  This $11 camera gave an $11 performance.  The Pioneer gave a $150 performance.  The Koolertron will work but shows much less resolution (as you would expect).  To the point of being unusable.  I didn't return it, just filed it away in the recycle bin.
Did not work at all.  Sent it back but did not request replacement.  Would not buy a cheap brand of this product.  Last two owned the seals leaked and water ruined the camera.
radio works. CD PLAYER will not read any CDS and neither does the usb. did not include any parts either.
I'm on my 2nd receiver and now I'm on my way back to best buy to have it replaced first one wouldn't read cd's the 2nd one the display is malfunctioning and it is giving me problems when I'm playing cd's won't let me advance tracks or fast forward.With all the problems I do like the sound so I'm gonna give it 2 stars hopefully it is just a freakin coincidence that I got the 2 bad ones
It was missing the cable to connect the radio to the car it was hard to find the right cable
The best thing about this unit is that it has great Bluetooth audio streamingThe radio doesn't get good reception, much worse than my factory radio.Bluetooth phone doesn't work well. People can't hear me and say I sound far away. I never use it because of this.I never use the physical  buttons or CD/DVD slot which makes me wish I got the 7&#34; version without bluetooth
I've had this unit for a few months now. I had it professionally installed by a Kenwood dealer and have to say I've been disappointed overall. The audio sound quality is good and the built-in amp was plenty for my needs - Four 3-way speakers in a relativley small car.However, one of the main reasons I bought this unit was for bluetooth. I wanted hands-free phone use and bluetooth audio streaming. The audio quality for handsfree is terrible. It clearly has no noise canceling capabilities, and callers tell me they can barely hear me or that I sound like I'm in a tunnel. And, handsfree frequently doesn't even work. I'll initiate a call from the head unit and it will dial my phone but will keep playing music instead of switching over to the call. The same thing happens when I try to answer calls. I push the button on the screen to answer and it does pick up my phone but the audio never connects.Bluetooth audio is equally bad. While I can stream audio from my phone, the radio randomly disconnects from my phone. I travel frequently and rent cars that are equipped with bluetooth, so I know this isn't an issue with my phone. It just drops the connection and my phone switches over to playing out of it's internal speaker. I have to disconnect bluetooth and reconnect in order to get it to play through the Kenwood again.Very disappointing, and Kenwood has not issued any software updates to address these issues.
I did not purchase this product on Amazon however when I came across this item I felt compelled to review it since I have owned mine for approximately a year and a half.I do like the sound quality of this unit. I like the detachable face-plate for times when I am visiting questionable neighborhoods for security and once it is setup: clock, radio station presets, etc. I have had a very consistent listening experience.Having said that the reason I upgraded to this unit was the Bluetooth. My wife has a vehicle with a factory stereo that also has Bluetooth capabilities including voice calling and streaming audio. I really loved the idea of streaming audio. I already have a Jabra Bluetooth hands-free unit on my car's visor so I was already set for that but I figured what the heck; one less piece of equipment to tote around is a good thing right? Anyway as I stated the sound quality is very nice but this unit delivers an awful Bluetooth experience. The pairing worked fine, no complaints there but the voice calling quality is horrible. You sound like you are speaking through a tin can from 10,000 miles away while riding on the outside of a steam locomotive. It really is that bad. I tried re-pairing my device to see if that helped. Had the technician who installed it search for possible wiring and other issues but as it turns out this unit just does not deliver clean calls. Needless to say I am still using my Jabra for voice calling. The worse though was finding out there is ABSOLUTELY NO SUPPORT FOR BLUETOOTH AUDIO! What! Hold on a minute my wife's crappy OEM stereo has this feature and handles both voice calling and Bluetooth incredibly well. But this after market stereo doesn't! OMG was all I could think.I am currently using a small USB Bluetooth dongle to add Bluetooth audio to this stereo. It isn't a perfect band aid but it works pretty well.The only reason I am giving this product 2 stars is because the sound quality is good and in all fairness to the manufacturer (who should never sell a Bluetooth enable stereo with no steaming audio support) I should not have assumed anything even though on the box the Bluetooth emblem is the largest.Moral of the story. Research every purchase thoroughly, read many reviews, and listen to the unit for sound quality. I skipped the former two steps and got what I paid for.Happy Shopping :)
I realize there are several good reviews of this unit, but I have not had the same good experiences.BlueToothFirst of all, I wanted bluetooth. I have an iPhone 4, and almost everytime I get in the car I have to re-pair. Rarely does it do it automatically. Even if I turn off the engine and then turn it back on, oop, I got to repair them. It gets real old, plus it's quite fiddly. Sometimes I have to disable bluetooth on the iPhone, then re-enable it, and then go through the pairing process. Not fun.Also, the call quality when using the bluetooth is BAD sometimes. In fact it has these odd metallic ringing bouncing sounds, as if the cell phone is in a bad reception area (which I'm not), but then the cell phone sounds fine when not using the bluetooth. I'm quite disappointed and probably won't use this feature much because of the hassle and poor call quality.I had the flagship model briefly (948), which had a microphone that mounted near the rear-view mirror. This worked much better. I could actually use the voice-dial feature on that one.Volume ControlThe volume control serves the function of volume, selecting things, and entering things (pushing or "clicking"). This sounds fine in theory, but that means the volume control doesn't control the volume unless you are in the right place. So if you go into a menu for a moment and the music starts blairing, you can't quickly turn it down (unless you use the tiny remote the unit comes with). I don't like this!User InterfaceThe thing is laid out with lots of little submenus that don't behave as expected. Perhaps I'm not "savvy" but I'm used to computer devices being fairly logical and easy to use, and maybe it's just me but I find it very confusing and therefore annoying to use.I also couldn't find anywhere in the manual how to set your own station preset. Maybe I missed it, but just so you know: navigate to the station you want, and then press and hold the preset button you want to assign to it. This is actually "standard radio procedure" but I thought I would mention it since I couldn't find it in the manual.Sound QualityIt's OK. Not as good as the flagship model.LIKESI like how bright the display is; it makes it easy to see even during the day and sunny out. I like the dedicated 1-6 station presets; some "higher end" units don't even have this. I like the iPod port, which works fine.Overall I'm very disappointed and may return this and get another model. I feel like the way it's laid out and implemented is quite clunky, cludgy and difficult to use. Ymmv.
This thing looks cool, but the touchscreen is extremely unresponsive and I must push the button multiple times to have it function. The menu is not laid out very well either, the screen space is not utilized very effectively. Other then that sounds good and looks good.
Had this professionally installed with the mic placed on top of the a-frame on the driver's side.  Call quality for the driver is very good, but remains barely acceptable for the recipient (even when volume is set to 1 as several people online have suggested).  I do not like how the unit sits in the dash.  I would prefer for it to sit farther inside.  It pops out a little and, in my opinion, looks like a early 90s cheap car radio install.Audio quality over bluetooth is pretty good.  I can listen to Pandora, Stitcher, etc over bluetooth which is extremely convenient.  It connects automatically when I enter the car.  I am disappointed you can see neither the song info nor the album art when streaming over bluetooth.  Everything is just blank.  It will only show this info when connected via the cable which I had the installer run into my glove box.Just 2 short month after installation, bluetooth calls have begun to act a little odd.  I cannot hear the caller through the speakers when I place a phone call to anyone after I pair the device.  The music cuts out like it should so I can hear the call, but it's just silence.  I have to go to my ipod and switch the audio to come through the phone.  However, I can hear someone if I receive I call after trying to place one.  But not 100% of the time.  I cannot make any sense of this.  And THERE ARE NO DRIVER UPDATES which is very unfortunate.I was hoping this unit would be a complete success, but these flaws are difficult to overlook.  I will attempt to either return or exchange this.In short:Pros:+Can stream music via bluetooth.+Good bluetooth audio quality when streaming music.+Can plug in via usb which you can run and hide in your glove box (will also charge your phone)+Hands free calls+Removeable faceCons:-(Personal opinion) Doesn't sit far into the double din kit which can make it look like a cheesy after market install-No album, artist, or song info when streaming via bluetooth-Artist, and song info is laggy when using radio tuner-Radio tuner info doesn't display to the right where it should be; it only scrolls up at the very top-(Maybe just my unit) My Bluetooth calls have become buggy-No driver updates at all.  Are any even planned?-When plugged in, the unit interface for browsing music leaves much to be desired.  I prefer using the iPod/iPhone to control the music
This is the first time I use this kind of sensor, but I had noticed that this sensor does not give accurate redings.
When I got this, it was packaged with a larger item with enough box room to get crushed, I had to un-bend a pin in order to even use it.  It gives accurate readings only if there is no movement involved.  I decided to give this product another chance by ordering it on e-bay, I'll see how it works.  I've learned my lesson with amazon though, they did a terrible job of packaging this item and I will never buy electronics or possibly anything else from them ever again.
Been working on the codes for the sensors for 3 weeks. Been looking for help here and there, but the sensors don't seem to work properly with each other. Maybe that is why they are super cheap.
More than I thought, seemed to get about 30-40cm. Other than I needed 10x's that it works great, but not what I needed
It doesn't work well on my project. I actually want to give one star but it gives right value when it responds. I needed a distance sensor to check if there is something passes by within particular range. I tested a lot with all sensors I received today and also PING))) sensor I already have. PING))) sensor returns a value every time I pass by the sensor but this HC-SR04 sensor returns a value SOMETIMES. Not sensitive sensor at all and it's bad for my project. I don't care if it returns accuracy value or not. I just wish it returns a value all the time when it needs. I'm curious if other customers don't have this problem.  Just go with PING))) if you want a distance sensor which works all the time when you need. I wasted my money.
I hooked this amp up to a 12" Infinity and 2 10" MTX subwoofers and it sounded AMAZING. best sound i could possibly get from the medeocre subwoofers i had installed to it. My headlights would flicker when the bass hit while driving at night. crazy deep bass, and it looked so sweet! BUT, it only worked for about 2 weeks. Then it would just shut off out of nowhere. even if i didnt have much power going through it. for another two weeks it would randomly turn on and off no matter how i had it turned up. I finally sent it back and i am greatly dissapointed. you get what you get for the money. Its very cheap for a 3000 watt amp, and now i know why. Dont go with this cheap knock off!!!
Could be a great amp if it worked when it arrived. Hooked it up an fan come on an smoke poured out. Got to be carefull of third parties.
Worked well then one day out of nowhere it just stopped working had it put in at best buy so it was professionally installed
Cool effect for the price, but I was looking for actual spectrum analyzer. The whole thing lights up with sound level, not each bar per frequency level. Still will use it, but check out videos on it before you buy to see if its what you want.[...]
I didn't like it as it wasn't accurate, very erratic and the blue light was way too bright for night driving.  I couldn't count on it.  I had to swap it out.
I bought the Camera and decided to used the camera for a while before writing a review.The camera is easy to configure and the quality is sweet especially from the HDMI output.  I had to disable the mic as I did not all my private conversations recorded.  I configured it to come on when the vehicle started and cut off when the vehicle was turned off.  That worked ok.  Not all the time the cut off perioi worked as configured but it always came on when the vehicle started.A few months later the Camera is not working.  It kept coming on and going off. showing the battery error, Card full, screen fuzzy.  I replaced the battery and it started back working for 3 weeks.  Now same thing. How frustrating. I changed the battery again and still not working.  I have since removed it from the vehicle.If you want a good quality camer for 3 months then this camera is good.  Anything longer then keep looking.Updated:1 October 2013.I purchased another a few months ago.  Fooled me once, shame on you.  Fooled me twice, shame on me.It worked for a while and stopped.  During that time I bought one for a friend.  and that also stopped working.Dear shoppers - don't waste your money.
The Cam itself is not too bad. Good weather - good picture. But suction mount cap - flimsy and will not stay for a long time. Or just fall apart. Since there is no manufacture's name - no Customer Service, no repair or replacement. The seller: DealKings - will never respond on your messages.
Camera still worked but the power adapter would no longer engage or charge the battery after less than a month causing the camera to power up then shut itself off. Tried other cables with same result so it appears to be an internal problem on the camera. Camera was continually mounted with cable wire tied to prevent unusual stress on the connection.
I have been shopping for a Nav upgrade for my Toyota Highlander for awhile.  There are really a lot to choose from ranging from $500 to $1500.  The OEM model is over $2000.  First; Shopping online with very few reviews of the systems makes it impossible to tell what makes one worth $1000 more than the other one. I was very concern with going to cheap but than $1500 was a lot to commit to without some consumer feedback.  This model, the MDF-8222-JBL-1 fit the right price range, came with the JBL connection (which required >$100 additional cables for other models/manufactures) and appears to have everything I am looking for. But, Second; My concern is the online presentation from Amazon/Soundsgreatusa-online was very poor and not helpful.  The one photo supplied is very poor quality and hard to determine what the system has to offer. The poor quality gave me concern about the safety of the purchase.  I had to look around at other web pages; [...] for example had clear photos and more perspectives of the assembly (front and rear).  Sonic web page talks about needing to buy an additional Steering Wheel Control assembly, the Axxess ASWC which is sold separately. Your web page has really no detail to evaluate what is needed.  I have had good correspondence with the people from Soundsgreatusa-online which they tried to answer my question/concerns but I am still hopeful I will get a good high quality system that dovetails well with the existing features in my Highlander. As of right now I have ordered the unit and await its arrival, fingers crossed.
HD radio cuts out. During the day I get in my vehicle and radio has no volume and have to reset it then it works again
I bought this unit a month ago and have had nothing but problems with the dsp ( digital sound processor)  turning off . This is a problem that kenwood knows about . they issued a firmware update that was supposed to fix the problem  but it did not work. I have contacted them and they wont do anything further to correct the problem. When it works the unit is great, it has good features for the price but its not worth dealing with the software problems that kenwood has no intention of fixing.
It's ok.  I like the digital gauge but rarely use it because 1) you have to turn it on the display.  2) The display is a little hard to read.  3) The straight on hose chuck is hard to fasten to the stem and get a good seal.  It would be nicer if it had a regular angled chuck and a good swivel fitting at the gauge end because even with the 'straight on' chuck you have to maneuver the chuck and hose so you can still see the display.Bottom Line :(  The digital gauge is pretty accurate but I'll have to do some cobbling on the rest if I hope to use it at any frequency other than using it as an ornament.
I do like the case but the magnets are not as strong as you would expect for a motorcycle.  I ended up drilling a hole through the back and running the tank cover screw through so it wont blow off when driving.  There is no way that this would stay on a motorcycle tank while driving on the expressway.
I thought I could find what I wanted and took the time to do research to see how other felt about this product. Me, I am disappointed as it is not something I want to trust my GPS in. The magnets are weak and I would not use this for the trip I am about to take. I feel that the first bump I hit on the road would send the GPS down the road. Sorry I am just not happy and I can not give a thumbs up on this product.
The plastic window is too reflective for daytime use.  So it is worthless for gps or seeing who is calling on your phone
The magnets are not strong enough to make me feel secure placing a phone or GPS in the unit and onto a motorcycle tank.  I am incredibly confident that they phone/GPS would fall off the bike at near highway speeds.
I rec'd this is the mail yesterday...  It doesn't seem to stick very well to my tank, I am afraid it is not going to hold in a wind.  My iphone is to valuable to place in this bag when I am not sure of it's ability to hang on.
Item does not work for a 2006 Envoy. Outer shell is identical, however, the battery location is different so the circuit board does not fit. Rated it a 2 since the rubber buttons fit into my old case, which is what I really needed. Although the new case would have been nice.
This is the second astatic mic I have purchased and they both work well for about a month and then take a crap on me. I will be shopping for another name brand mic. Kinda disappointed because I really liked this chrome mic......it went well with my chrome cobra cb.
I bought this keyless entry because my factory installed failed and I needed a keyless entry kit to replace it.  It has a lot of the features most other keyless have, but the product support is lousy to say the least.  Here are some of the most important things to remember when considering this product.  If you don't know the difference between positive and negative pulse trigger, don't buy it.  You most likely will need relays to complete the install for this product, at least 3 of them.  The range might be between 50 and 100 feet.  Where you stand from the car and how it is installed can make a big difference.  Attempting to lengthen the antennae wire does no good.  I have not been able to find replacement remotes.  I am capable of finding electronic components and replacing most times if needed.  I replaced one of the switches in one of the remotes.  Worked for about 6 months and then the remote went totally dead.  I am using the other remote currently, but as soon as it has a problem, the whole thing goes in the trash.  I will probably replace it with a Viper or something I can get replacement remotes.
too soft, did not like unable to use. may be good for someone else, but not good for me at all
I had the oportunity to check this shell cases in a stores, and the quality was very very nice; but these ones that i received had terrible and poor finished and i really frustraded. Not recommended at this seller.
It's constant recording :( Thought there's motion detection but I was wrong. The biggest disappointment was with the night vision. In fact IR Led's are not strong at all. You can see image only up to 2" in front of the camera ! HD is photo only, video is VGA. Wasting of money. Regrets, regrets...
Pros:-Inexpensive-Gps is pretty good-Nice bright screenCons: (Mostly Software issues)-Time is never accurate. Always 1hr off (eastern us)-Radio presets reset every time u turn off car/unit. So there's really no point of saving ur radio stations. Hear static (default presets) EVERY time i start my car. So annoying. And yes, the unit default plays RADIO (static smh) every time its powered on, u have to navi back into ur BT-Bt Phonebook has phone numbers on top of the phone number of contact. Overlay, which makes the number not legible. Even if the contact only has ONE number assigned in ur phone. Its a Glitch-BT phonebook is NOT in alphabetical order. Means you have to scroll the whole book (80 plus contacts) carefully to find who you are trying to call. It doesnt even pair the same contacts. Ex: "Moms mobile #" is third on list, "Moms home #" is way down to 73.-Screen brightness has five levels, but its the brightness of the artwork more so the screen. Almost no difference in SCREEN brightness from 1-5 level. Screen is a little too bright at night.-The Hardware (could be software) issue is, the button leds do not work. The unit is completely black at nightConclusion:Although a software update can fix most/all of these problems, I wont hold my breath since there isn't ANY downloadable software for any of their products. This unit is going back.PS the unit is actually cheaper on the sellers site. Its only 200 bucks!! I still recommend through amazon tho, amazon CS/returns are awesome.
Not a good picture for night time all I can see is light and nothing else my webcam that is hocked to my laptop gets better rerecording.with my webcam I can see light, cars, and the road in low to total black (with just the head lights on)
So far so good.I've clocked over 8 hours recording time so far. Apparently some users had problems with the instructions but luckily I didn't need them. The menu seems pretty intuitive. My unit is configured to 720P dual but you have the option to use only one camera.  Unfortunately the left camera (non zoom) seems to take longer to adjust to the lighting. The auto-focus takes a few seconds also but then ago it's not an expensive device.  My 32 GB microSD can fit over 100 five minute files.I originally wanted a GoPro HD but couldn't justify sending that much for a camera for my car.  This seems to be a happy medium. If you're thinking about buying then ask yourself what you plan to use the YIKING for?Jan 22, 2014Just purchased another dashcam because this one started having problems with the power socket on the device.  Night vision started to go. It withered away slowly update it stopped charging properly.It's name was Robert Paulsen.
The drivers on the cd provided with the programming cable will not run on xppro without error because of chinese characters in the folder and file names.  If cd is copied to hdd and folder/files renamed in readable characters the drivers will load and cable for the uv-5r will work.  Other folks I know who purchased cables for this and other baofeng radios all seem to have driver loading problems with xp and win7 and purchased cds.  The cables are needed but the driver cds are worthless.
I was disappointed.  I ordered a cable and a disk.  Instead of the program on a disk, I got a piece of paper with two URLs on it and neither one worked.  I had to hunt down my own program on the radio site (which was free) to install on my computer to program the radios I bought with the cables.  yikes!
this was the correct cable but the software disk was for another radio.wnet online and got correct program.now works fine.
It is possible to get the cable to work but it's not obvious and i cound not get it to work reliably.A simpler approach is to use the official cable (sold by baofeng tech on amazon).I have both cables and using this one was really a pain, between finding the right driver, telling windows to not update them to the new ones (as the new ones don't work) plugging the radio, turning the radio on and conning cable to the computer in the right order.The baofeng tech cable is twenty dollars but i plugged it and it just worked.
the cable worked fine but it didn't have any software. Luckily it was available free online. still a disk would have been nice
Who needs a programming cable for a hand held transceiver that cant put out an audio signal with its RF signal.
I like the radio but there seems to be no way to program it even with the Cd wish there was a way to talk to someone on the phone about it
I purchased this product along with the Baofeng UV 5RA Two-Way Ham Radio and, while happy with the radio, this product has been useless, as it is not compatable with my computer.  It is supposed to allow you to program and add local frequencies to the Baofeng radio, but it is useless and I am very unhappy. as it cost half of what the radio cost!
Yes, I did get the cable to work or I wouldn't have even given it two stars, but it took way too much trouble on my part. Based on my experience and reading, I think the same may be true for any similar cable in this price range.First of all, it is advertised specificatlly for a Baofeng UV-5R, which is what I bought it for. But the software that comes with it is completely useless for the UV-5R. There are no instructions on how to use the software, and if you don't happen to guess and run the pLanguage.exe file first, the program will default to Chinese. If you finally manage to run it, UV-5R is not even one of the options of radio to use. There appears to be a driver or some kind of file (but not executable) to use with the UV-5R, but again no documentation on how to import it or otherwise use it with the program.Also, if you do run the software directly from the included disk, you will not be able to exit from it. When you try to exit, it tries to write a file to the same directory you are running from, and since that is on the cd, the write fails and won't allow you to exit the program. You have to kill it using task manager. Bottom line, DO NOT use the included disk at all. If you really want to try the included software, copy it to your hard disk or other writable media first and run it from there.Secondly, Windows will likely try to install the latest driver for the Prolific chip that is supposedly in the cable, but the latest driver detects, and only works with, genuine Prolific chips. Apparently the one in this cable is a counterfeit, so the latest driver doesn't work. To get it to work, you have to install an older driver that doesn't authenticate the chip.I got the most help from a link you can find by searching for &#34;miklor prolific&#34;, which should show you their &#34;FTDI Windows Cable Drivers&#34; site. That will help you install a working driver. Then you must find and download CHIRP software, which at least is available free.So, the cable works, but the fact it is advertised for UV-5R and absolutely cannot be used for that with what comes in the package is very disappointing.
unable to figure out how to program radio with disc programs unble to figure them out. I would not recomend this product.
You just don't need it if you have half a brain and can use a mobile phone.  Well made and functional but a complete waste of money.
the cable is a must for programming, the software on the disc is about as easy as programming the radio using the supplied instruction book- its not happening. Use &#34;CHIRP&#34; software and get it done easy.
The cable works fine but the disk that was supposed to have the software on it was blank. Contacted the seller who told me I should just download it from the site. Did this but was a pain in the a$$ since there are several programs and it took a long time to find the right one.
The software is a struggle to use right down to having it use English,  To make it so that you can read English select the second tab from the left on the top of the screen.Installing drivers takes time and once the drivers are installed it takes many attempts to make it work.  It crashed my windows 7 about 3 or 4 times before I figured a way to stop it crashing my machine.  You will know you might crash when it will not communicate with the UV-5R.  Close the program and start again making sure that you are communicating on the proper port.  You can find the port it is on by going to the control panel - System - Device Manager - Universal Serial Bus Controllers there you should see your cable and the port that it resides in. This information is for Windows 7 Home Premium.There may be better options out there for the Baofeng if you look around.
Would not work when trying to program the radio, but the company was very helpful and returned my money very quickly.
..... This cable will not work for programming the radio.  At first I thought it might be something I was doing wrong.  However, after having several other Hams try it using their laptops and having the same difficulty, we determined it is this cable that is at fault.  I finally had another Ham with a different manufacturer's cable try it and the program loaded easily and quickly just by changing the cable.  Several Ham's who own this radio and cable are having difficulty as I did.  Recommend you not buy this cable as it does not appear to have the proper chip for the radio.  My opinion....  cc...
Serious shipping delay prevented use, so haven't been able to use it..  Fortunately, a fellow museum member already had one to program my radio or I could not have used the radio for a month after receiving it.
Did not work with Beofeng sotware, but works with CHIRP.
Programed a radio just twice with this cable and it quit working.  Uninstalled and reinstalled software drivers and still nothing.  Used old Kenwood programing cable and it works fine.
They only shipped me cable install CD was not included.  The package was labeled for a cable and CD.  Cable quality isn't great, but it will do the job once I find the software.
This programming cable works in some positions, but then will die semi-randomly.  When I plugged into one of my computers, the second DVI display shuts down and my desk phone's display gets completely garbled.  Plugging it into a laptop, and keeping the laptop and radio away from other equipment, I was able to use this to read and program my Baofeng UV-5R successfully.  But even then, it will sometimes just die - the USB device falls off of the bus and powers down.  I don't know if that's a side effect of the interference or what.  That happens even without the radio plugged in or turned on, so it's just the cable causing all those problems.  (The USB chip is a PL2302, not an FTDI, BTW.)It works, but I should have paid the extra pittance to get a better cable without such serious design flaws.
Could not get driver to install no matter what. I think I tried everything. OS is Vista. Ordered  Baofeng Programming Cable for BAOFENG UV-5R/5RA/5R Plus/5RE, UV3R Plus,... from Sain Store, Worked like a charm. Better instructions on installing driver. This cable now works along with the new one.
Cable is fine but the CD adhered to the plastic window of the sleeve it was shipped in and came apart when I tried to take it out of the sleeve.  Don't know how good their program would have been but I downloaded CHIRP, and that worked fine.
Reviews had led me to believe that this cable was a necessity for ease in programming my new UV-5R transceiver.  What the product info did not say was that the programming disc was for Windows XP, not for Windows 7!  What the heck guys?
the disc that comes with it only sends you to web sight that is not there and so far I cannot find the soft ware to make it worksome one needs to do a little more word before they send a product like that
Buy this for the cable not the software. I would recommend using CHIRP (google it). The cable creates a fine connection however the software did not work with my UV-5R and I had to go elsewhere.
I bought the Boafeng VR5+ and  I bought this programing cable and CD... useless... can't tell what software to install... none of the brand's listed is &#34;Boafeng&#34;.I can use the basics of this radio out of the box... but seems the learning curve is going to be pretty sharp.I guess i'll need to download the software mentioned in other reviews.
Beware!The two files on the Driver disc in the folder "\M_K\A8 CPS", A82006.09.22.exe and A8(Chinese characters)[1].0.exe was identified as 'Win32.TrojanDownloader.Fraudload' by Ad-Watch LiveThe cable is fine though
I purchased this cable with the software and drivers.  However after the installation, an error is received that indicates there is insufficient virtual memory to use the device.After searching for solutions and trying different ones, which involved uninstalling and reinstalling various versions of the driver, I came across this article: [...], which described the exact problem I was having.It seems that this cable is commonly cloned, and to deter this, and effort was made in later driver versions to prevent the clones from working.Follow the article at the above link and it will work.The software is simplistic and intuitive enough; however, the error messages are poorly translated into English, which makes them very cryptic.  Some of them are actually funny due to the poor translation and would be good candidates to submit to engrish.com.There is virtually no useful instructions with the software.  If you are an experienced operator, then you won't have any problems.  But, if your a newb like me, you're going to have to do a little reading to figure out what the parameters are.  If you're interested enough to buy a ham radio, then you can figure it out with some reading.  You need to learn it anyway for the license.The software allows reading the flash memory of the radio and writing back to the radio.  It's basically a table with a list of frequencies, channel numbers, and other parameters.  There is also an advanced options page to change general radio settings like the LCD back light color.In all, I'm sure there is better software out there, but this works, it's cheap (as in inexpensive), and not too frustrating.I gave it two stars because of the chip clone/driver issue.  I kind of feel like I didn't get the real deal.
very poor due to type of chip used, must use old driver.  Need it's own program and driver provided in English not Chineese
I do not know about this.. never got a chance to use it.. the CD that came with it was corrupted... I bought this seperate from the Radio (Ham) it got pushed aside... The Radio was too hard to program so I returned it...
I got the cable along with the mini-CD. The CD did have the correct drivers however there was no actual programing software for my radio. Lots of software for Kenwood & Motorola models but NONE for Baofeng.I give this item a 2 star only because the cable does work & the drivers did not glitch.
Cd is the small 3&#34;. cd want work unless you have a slide out drive. Have to download one from the net.
Wouldn't buy again, but did eventually get to work using Windows on my Powerbook. The UV-5R would not respond to CHIRP using OS X 10.9 with the factory PL2303 driver. Booted up a Windows VM and downloaded the 'old' driver per Miklor site - that worked fine. I suspect the cable uses a cheesy USB-serial chip.
Cheap but a lot of hassle to get it working. Had to carve off some of the connector, so it would connect properly. Windows 7 gets a driver for it, but it is the wrong one. Have to use an earlier edition.
Apparently everybody knows that this software doesn't work. Much time spent on the Internet and most info there did not work either.Finally downloaded Chirp and then was able to use cable to set radio freqs.  Still not 100% functional.
This is a CLONE (COUNTERFEIT) and the drivers are bogus. Save yourself trouble and go buy the actual cable from Baofeng... then go to miklor (web site) for the appropriate prolific drivers. People have a lot of trouble with this knock off and it comes with NO instructions at all. Being fairly technical I was able to figure it out, but why give these people your money when you can buy the real article? I am new to this and should have researched a bit more. Live and learn. I may still return this since it is not a legitimate product. Surprised Amazon would distribute this from their own warehouse.
I bought this programming cable and the CD when i purchased 2 BaoFeng UV-5R Radios about a month ago, thinking i would be able to program my radios to fit my use, but the driver does not work on my sony windows 7 laptop. I did looked up different alternatives to program my radios (like CHIRP), but it was too confusing, and i was unable to program anything. Plus, i am not an expert on programming radios to began with. Many reviews from other people says that programming is "easy". But to me it's very frustrating and confusing. If anybody would like to help me understand how to program the radios, please help me out. Thank you my Amazon friends.-Rick
I ordered the USB cable for the Baofeng UV 5R - Te cable seems correct but the included software does not work and is for a completely different (outdated) model radio.Delivery was fast as promised.
My biggest complaint with the driver CD is that it is literally written in Chinese. I have not had any time to try and figure out how to use this accessory yet. May end up just doing manual programing.
I&#8217;ll give it two stars only because after trying it on three PC&#8217;s and different drivers, I did finally get it to work.  I&#8217;m glad I kept an old lap top with XP.
The cd did not come and I have sent the adaptor back. Hope to get it replaced with cd and adaptor together.I cannot give a good review as I have not been able to use this.
... out of 10 tries.  I found the RT Systems cable/software much more effective ... it works every time.  The drawback is that it's more expensive than the Baofeng radio.
I bought this to simplify programming my UV-5R using software to install repeaters I frequently use. I installed the drivers disc which was a generic half size Compact Disc and plugged in the usb cable. I checked and confirmed the Com port it was using and when I plugged my radio into it, it could not find it. I tried it over and over and it just wouldn't work. I did as google search and found that it may be a chipset issue in the cable.I was stuck with manually programming my radio for the 25 or so repeaters I useI wouldn't buy this cable if I where you
Low quality cable that doesn't quite work most of the time.
Do not need to get.  Should've came with the radio...as indicated by the instruction booklet.  I never had to use.
I had troubles with this cable, i had to keep plugging in and out on the radio to make sure it was in the mike,speaker socket and i still had trouble with it but did get my radio programed with the computer a lot easyer then programming by hand
This lil cable is not what you want to purchase, It caused me nothing but a lot of trouble and time...
I used it once or twice, and on linux, with chirp and a Baofeng radio, it worked fine. However, after the second use, I pulled it out of my computer and the cord came right out of the base. I know I should've gripped it by the base, but seriously, it should have enough durability to handle getting pulled out by the cord a couple of times.Dogshit production quality, avoid this cable, if possible.
Could not get it to work until some shielding on the connection was removed. After receiving a tip from another purchaser, I trimmed the connecter, it worked.
Spent a hour trying to get the drivers to download from the CD...  no luck.  Finally gave up and programmed my radio by hand.
The CD came with no instructions about what to do with it or how to install it.  It did not contain programming software or instructions as implied.
I found the cable fit just fine but the Driver CD was worthless.  in my trying to use the not friendly UV-5R.
I bought this with the Baofeng 2 way radio which is great and i like, but i also got this programming cable and cd, there is no insruction on what to do, maybe im just bad with computers but it should have some step by step guide to at least get you going in the right direction.
This is a generic cable and did not work on the new radio I order Boafeng uv-5r. If you get this and plug it into the radio it keys the radio and will not let it connect using Chirp or the software provided with the radio (Which is for windows and not Mac)
Two of us spent all night trying to get the software program and drivers to work in Win 7. I ended up downloading the drivers and software, and installing them on an old PC running XT. Still a lot of issues (due to poor translation from the Chinese, no doubt). Save, and Save as functions are reversed.There are a lot of variables, like finding out what firmware version your radio has. The most helpful website to sort our my Baofeng programming issues has been [...]
Still haven't been able to use it...Had to go to friends house to program radio. used his PC and cable.
Soft ware did not work came with no instructions on which file to click on to get it to work!!!!
CD was poor for programming as well as USB cable didn't work. Would suggest RT software package from other source, and is easy as a breeze to then program. Info manual was very poorly written.
I took the gamble of buying this cable from China. It worked one time only with the Chirp software and it was just too much trouble. A small investment dollar wise but I found another American product and bought it. The new cable and software were seamless to install and use. The American company offers unlimited live technical support! This is another reason to buy American when you can because you'll experience the difference.
bought with the uv-5r radio to make programming easy.  did not work out that way.  I have spent several hours researching the problem.Seems the clone chip in the cable will not work with the latest com port drivers, and guess what?, windows 7 updates the drivers with the latest on a regular basis.  I had to manually install the older Win7vista-64 bit prolificUSB-v3200 driver which windows 7 wants to update to a newer driver even though I don't want to.  I wish the cable and software would work right out of the box like I am used to with most other products.  any way, once the driver problem is corrected for your computer and the proper com port is entered each time you use it, then the cable and the software works great and is definitely the way to program the radio.
I have not been able to program my radio as I need it.  The programming software is not user friendly at all.
Haven't got it to work yet.  Installed the software on the CD, but the CD kept telling me that there was an updated version on the web.  Downloaded that and installed it.I still cannot make the connection from the computer to the radio which is very frustrating.  I program computers for a living and if anyone should be able to figure it out a programmer should be able to figure it out.  Well, no such luck.  I worked it for about an hour and then gave up.  Will look to additional user suggestions on the web for what to do next, but I shouldn't have to do this for a newly purchased product as a rule.  Hence, two stars.
This might be a knock off chipset? I have had more problems with trying to get the radio to communicate with the computer and vice versa. The program from Baofeng is in Chinese, not English.
The label on the box said UV-6 something and the cable didn't work with my radio.  I ended up ordering a different cable later on that did work.
The CD included with the cable was in unusable condition.  When removed from the package the cd was stuck to the packaged and removed part of the item.  Also the links included with the instructions were not complete...only for one operating system.
If you have windows 7, the driver will update automatically, and in my case, it updated even with auto-update turned off. This is one of the things that really makes the Baofeng a royal pain.
I got this program, to us in programming the han held radio.I was disappointed in the disk drive, because it was not user friendly.This is why I rated it low.
Pretty sketchy product.  Mine appeared to have a counterfeit Prolific USB to Serial chip in it, making it hard to find drivers that work for it.  If you can find drivers that work, it's a cable, it just works.
I've managed to use this cable to successfully program my UV-5REPlus with the CHIRP software under both windows and Linux.The cable worked immediately with the existing drivers on Ubuntu Linux.However, drivers for Windows 7 64-bit are more of a challenge.  I tried the drivers on the CD, and downloaded the latest drivers from Prolific.  As others have said here, neither worked.  I would therefore suspect that this cable uses one of the clone usb-to-serial chips that Prolific warns about.  There is a well-described workaround on miklor-dot-com, and that worked for me.It works, but I'd rather that it had worked out-of-the-box.  I prefer to get driver support through normal channels.
Cable won't communicate with radio regardless of uninstalling/reinstalling driver.  I will continue to try but I'm not holding out much hope!
It makes programming my Baofeng radio much easier WHEN it connects the radio to my computer. I'm not sure if it's the software or the cable, but it has connectivity issues.
This cable fits my uv5-r just fine, but the software seems to be useless. No matter what I do I cant get my computer to communicate with my transceiver.  Since programming the radio efficiently and using several of the different radio options can only be done through the software this product is useless. I do not recommend purchasing it.
The CD only has the driver for the radio. It does not have the software to program it.Also, when you download the software from Baofeng, it only works with XP, not Windows 7.
Programming cable is fine, but the software is crap.  Fortunately, everything you need is available on the internet.  It takes a while to locate, but is worth it............
Software hard to load on the computer. Also the CD contained a virus. So i had to restore my computer.
I ordered this for the BaoFeng UV-5R 'PLUS' (Check that review for more unpleasant news) First off the mini CD that came with the cable said there was a bug in the driver and gave a site where you can upload a newer version. That's where the fun began.-Apparently there is, or isn't, a 'chip' in the cable that seems to cause a lot of problems. (I say "is or isn't" because many sites claim it's a fake chip) After reading a slew of reviews and watching some YouTube videos I found I wasn't the only one having a problem. Unfortunately I had to send it back.-I also read that practically ALL Chinese-made USB cables use fake Prolific chips. This supposedly was not a problem until Prolific recently released new drivers that will ONLY work with genuine Prolific chips. Allegedly old drivers still work fine with the fake chips. All I know is I gave up on this one.
This cable uses a Prolific Chipset that is not compatible with Windows 7 64-bit.Had to send it back. Buying one with a FTDI chipset instead.
The cable works but uses a counterfit prolific chip set so it is a hassle to use. You need to go through a multistep process to load and old driver on your computer and then every time  I try to use the program associated with it I have to play detective and find the USB port it's on and reload the driver. I have been trying to find an original cable but Boafeng and Prolific don't talk about where to get one. And yet my radio came without one?Have read that the Kenwood cable will work, so maybe I can find one of those. Oh, and the software that comes with it, no instructions and the biggest mess of installation choices and no idea what they are. So, go online and find Chirp a program for a lot of two way radio frequency loading and adjustments. It will also have the old driver on one of it's pages and if your lucky it will work.
The CD that came with the cord was beyond my technical knowledge, no step by step. I managed to install the driver but can't do anything between radio and computer.Probably my lack of technical skill, thought it would guide me but it didn't.I'll make it work with some help I guess. Thanks.
You see, I still do not know what all has happened as my order was changed several times.The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog's back.  My goodness look at the time.
This cable will NOT work with Windows 8, it says it's a Counterfeit cable.It did work with Windows 7, using the driver that came with it.You will need to download "CHIRP" programming software (legit free) to get it to program with UV-5RE+
Although the company tried hard to help me get this to work on my computer, it never did. I received a lot of help from the seller but nothing they tried worked.At first there was no paperwork with the cable and software to help you choose the proper driver and software for your computer. The CD that came with it had a large amount of software and drivers on it but they weren't descriptive enough to tell you which one was right for your computer. The seller agreed to included a paper with all subsequent sales to help the customer. I hope they followed through on that promise.For me, it was a waste of money and time. It never worked on my computer.
You really need this to be able to use the UV-5R radio's, the cd sucks, but you have to have the cable. I had to download the drivers online at least they make that available . IT should be ON THE CD THOUGH!! Jeff
It has the pirated chip that can't be updated with drivers past 3.2.2I cut the USB end off, and attached a different prolific cable to it.
The cable was a 5 star !! no issues with it ! perfect, as far as the software, well did as instructed , gave my computer a virus! I wasn't aware until I gave it to another Amateur Radio operator and his anti virus hit on it , I had to replace my hard drive, was destroyed by it , my friend used CHIRP software and downloaded the driver from the factory website, all worked well !! no issues with programing and CHIRP also works with many other radio's
I have Win 8.1.  To program my Baofeng UV-B5 I needed to load in the Prolific 3.2.0.0 driver.  I found this information on-line.  Had I not know this, I would have suspected a defective cable.  A little patience and knowledge are needed to be successful with this item.  Not worth 6 bucks to me.
didnt work with the cd not worth buying get someone who knows radio to program the radio thats about it
It's vary hard to down load to the computer and with out no instructions on how to do anything even to down load the program I am still working on it myself and it's been almost a week now.
I have a Baofeng BF-F8. This cable worked with the Chirp software after installing the old driver on my OS (Windows or Mac), switching the mode to frequency, and pressing the 'Call' button to switch to FM mode.The cable seems to be a knockoff of another cable that goes for $20 on amazon.
Didn't really need it when it was made sound like you needed it to program the radio.  I find it useless
cable works OK but software is inChinese: &#23448;&#35805; so unless you read mandarin it is worthless..you will have to find another program that will work to program your radio..
It was cheap, so I didn't waste the time to send it back.  The cable works, but there was no driver CD included as advertised; only a slip of paper with a web address that was incorrect.  I searched the web and found the software eventually, but I was not impressed.  The cable can be used to program some of the Kenwood amateur radio products.
I have tried every thing and other drivers will not work. The software can not find it to program the radio
I had the &#34;Radio not responding&#34; error when using Chirp to program my Baofeng UV5R+.  The cable that I purchased on Amazon used a Prolific chip.  This cable.  I checked the cable with the Prolific check tool and it said the cable was ok.  But, after two weeks of the cable working ok, all of a sudden I was unable to download or upload using Chirp.  The radio was unresponsive.  I was using the 3.2.2 Prolific driver.My solution was to purchase a Kenwood USB KPG-22 Cable using the FTDI chipset.  As soon as I plugged in the Kenwood cable Windows loaded the USB drivers and I was able to connect to the UV-5R+ using Chirp 20131118 on 11/21/2013.My setup is:Dell Desktop PC Inspiron 600 SeriesOS:  Windows 7 Professional 64 BitKenwood USB KPG-22 FTDI Interface Cable (Purchased from Valley Enterprises)Keywords:  Baofeng UV-5R+, UV5R, Prolific, Baofeng Not Connecting, Baofeng CHIRP problems, ProlificBaofeng/Chirp Radio Error - Problem Solved - New Cable
this should be listed as a radio cloning cable, as you must copy or write all of the radio's memories (my experience is with CHiRP and the included software) ALL of the radio's memories, and not just change a single memory,  while this is a small error, I've seen MANY forum posts referring to these cables and this small difference has caused much confusion
THE usb cable worked great, the cd worked best if you throwed it in the trash can. Go on line and get US english, free Software.
The driver that comes with sucks, after three hours of searching the internet for the correct driver, i finally got it to work
I wrote the samething about the speaker  and the programming cable but it should have a better programming disc for windows  operating systems and further more lf the main part the radio came first and then the accessories . The next time I order I  expect the important parts first  before anything else
The cable is good, I did not like the software that came with it. The &#34;Chirp freeware&#34; is much more user friendly.
The CD is not working on the first go around. I have found some potential solutions on the internet and will see how that helps
Bought this to program my radio, it looks like it uses trial software havent even used this. In the defence of this item, I am a novice, Learning. It may come in handy when I learn more, I think if there were instructions that come with the cable and disk maybe just maybe........
I don't hate anything so I didn't give this a one star.  The software sucks!!!  Once I find some working programming then I will be able to fairly comment.  I did buy it as the software was offered.  I will probably will return it.  I give up on Baofeng.  Good deal, no way. The old adage, you get what you pay for and life is too short to buy this kind of junk.
Good pricing but there's no way to tell what color is what unless you test one from each pack and separate them.
The product arrived quickly, although incomplete.  Three of the seven packages were completely empty.  The clear adhesive strip over the back of the black plastic strip (that is intended to hold these tiny 0603 LED's in place) is still intact, so I believe that the error came directly from the manufacturer.  One would have to pay very close attention to the individual packs before shipping these out to remedy this issue.Each package did come with a small round sticker indicating the LED color, which saves testing time.  It would be nice if they could also include the forward voltage for each color as well.  I powered 3 of the blue LED's with 3.7 V and they worked as expected.  When I attempted to power the green LED's with 3.7 V each of them burnt up (3 separate attempts).  I'll use a variable power supply to find the fV myself and mark the packages before I continue.  The price was a little high for 140 0603's, but with the free Prime shipping I decided to take a chance.  With 60 LED's missing, the price is WAY high.
I was pretty excited about getting this unit after finding it specifically for my vehicle. I took it to Best Buy to be professionally installed, which took just under four hours. This surprised me since the product claims to be a plug and play unit. I am not 100% sure what the issue is, but since it was professionally installed, I am leaning towards the unit. I have controls on my steering wheel and after programming these buttons, they work fine. However, the controls for the hands free phone on the steering wheel do not work. The volume knob doesn't work on the unit. When it is turned up or down, it continues to go up or down until the volume is all the way up or all the way down. When I push the volume button, it changes the mode, I.e., FM, AM. The radio allows you to set stations, but if you push one of the settings, it changes the setting to the current station instead of going to the previously set station. Also, when i turn the truck off and then start it back up later, I never know what will come up, i.e. AM, FM. On the positive side, the frame color matches the dash perfectly, and the navigation feature is the best unit I have ever seen. It has everything you could want from a GPS device. I have mixed emotions on this unit and am a bit disappointed since my expectation was so high, considering the price.
i have a 2004 rav and this does not fit. the packaging said 2000-2008 toyota.the screws are way too short.
I received mine about a week ago, the software of the radio it's awful, works horribly, I guess I expected more.
here in colombia is too poor the maps , is not actualizate, and the maps is bad , i dont willl buy this gps again
When the brainwave works its a interesting novelty to play with, but its always have connection issues... This is with fresh batteries, up to date drivers, and reading all the instructions all the through...
It's adequate, looks good, but the shell does not clamp back together as expected;  It seems like the clips break easily.  I had to use tape.
Took like 2 weeks to get it which was kind of annoying.. I installed in it after trying to study the "instructional pictures" which were really dark and hard to make out.. I got it working kind of anyways, Only the joysticks worked with only 3 colors and they wouldn't shut off so I have to take the batteries out when I am done. When I asked for assistence on what could possibly be the problem if I had done something wrong, and they just repeated the 3 step how to on how to turn on the guide button led.Product IS made fairly well I guess for the price but the solder joints for the wires felt like they could break at any moment(never did) and the tape is amazingly sticky. Joysticks didnt feel plastic-like at all either, they felt really good on the thumbs and had a nice rubbery stick. Guide button was wobbly and really wasnt impressed.Over all I believe this to just be something someone is making out of their garage in Singapore(literally)I DO believe I may have just got a faulty one and that they just dont speak very much EnglishFor the price.. I would take the chance again
Useless for transmitting audio to the FM radio.  All static and barely can hear even when the static stops for a second.FM radio station will alternate dominance for control of the line... Totally worthless on my car.2 stars for being a decent phone holder, albeit slow charger to my phone.  Sometimes even this isn't great, as the clasp slips while you insert the phone, causing the phone to spring into the air... hope you are a good catcher.Not recommended.  Considering a return, but already threw out the boxes.
Now i knew that when i purchased this item it was only $25 but i did expect a little better for the price. first off the equalizer only works when using the usb slot or sd slot. second of all it seems that when ever you turn the volume above 26 it distorts horribly.... i tried multiple speakers same spot it distorts ....so i don't how loud it goes because it sounds horrible above 28
Does not hold the Nexus 7 2013 securely even though the description says it can be used for the Nexus 7 2013.
I've now tried 3-4 fm transceiver modules.  3 with wires and this one that is wireless.  All are fairly cheap under $30.00, but after about a month there was more interference with this.  As I pushed on buttons to try different frequency, it eventually broke the device and it wouldn't transceiver any more.  Lights up and then just doesn't do anything.  Disappointed.UPDATE:  Company sent me a new device based on my review without my inquiring about a new one.  I have yet to test it out, but I will update this review after I have used it a while.
The FM transmitter was already broken when it arrived. The screen was cracked inside the "frame" and you could not read the station the transmitter was set to, basically making it useless.UPDATE: The company did send me a new FM transmitter that works fine. The quality is in line with the price.
Thsi product arrived on time and does what it supposed to. the battery life is however low. you need to recharge it all the time
Strength of this transmitter is really weak. I have to place it right next to the stereo in my garage to get it to work. Cumbersome fit with a cover too.
It would be much better to simply get a radio subscription of some sort (even a SiriusXM subscription) through an app on your cell phone. Subscriptions should not be anywhere near this expensive per month if any kind of discount is simply requested.I have been a SiriusXM subscriber for over a year, and I cannot imagine a situation in which I would consider this option even if, as I suspect, output quality of this Bundle should be excellent.If you do not have a compatible Smartphone, using this money to buy a phone would be far more sensible than buying a bundle which will only work with now obsolete hardware and which will lead to further expense if you change autos for example.