the speaker they sent me dose not look like this one they sent a different one witch is crap but the one they did send sounds great i have it  a bronco  with no top  or door on it so road and wind noise is load but it dose good job
This is probably a great product, it was just that I needed a remote speaker for a TV, not a CB.
im not mad about it since I didn't pay very much, but the speaker pictured isn't the one that I received. its still a cobra cb speaker and sounds clear but isn't very pleasing to the eyes.
I had wanted to get a radio made of ham for an anniversary present, but unfortunately I didn't read the product description properly. This also isn't actually 10 meters big, I was hoping for an approx. 30 foot in circumference radio made of ham. It's much smaller than that and fits on a small desk.
Didn't need this product for what I needed to do.  Thought it would work but the antenna was flexable enough and would have a time to tune it
So far it is fine, not sure if it will rust some day but the spring is heavy duty so my antenna stays straight until it gets brushed under a tree branch and then it bends out of the way which is why I got it.
This spring is so heavy duty that I am not sure what the benefit it is to place between the mount and the antenna.  One certainly could not complain about the toughness of this spring.
this is really hard to tighten up without something to grab onto both sides.  When you try to tighten this, you have a hex surface you can put a wrench on at one side, then you can hold it with the wrench while you turn the antenna or the mount's nut to tighten.  When you go to do the other side, since it's a big spring, it just sorta un-springs as you turn it.  I had to get my big channel locks to hold it while I tightened.
This spring was listed as "a suggested item in combo with the antenna I bought." When it came, it did not fit. The screw was 3/8" for the antenna's 1/4" fitting. As with some products, it costs more to return than to keep it....sooooo I am very unhappy. I have lots of CB items that are just fine.
I ordered this because I ordered them medium duty for a 4 ft antenna and it wasnt strong enough.  The heavy duty doesn't feel that much different
Might protect your antenna if you believe that you need to have flexibility, but it cut down my reception in half and transmission about the same...not worth the loss of reception.
A good product that does what it is advertised to do.Nothing fancy... just a well made product that performs as you expect.
I have the tripple magnet mount on the roof of my car with a 2' fire stick. The spring is to hard for this setup and launches the magnet off the roof and on to my windshield whenever it strikes something. I would say it is made very well but its to strong for a magnetic mount. And let me tell you that the tripple magnet mount is a monster magnet mount. Once you stick that on the roof you will not be able to remove it with ease. I now made a permanent mount close to the rear bumper buy purchasing a steel 1/8&#34; x 1&#34; x ? bar from home depot for 4$ and bending it to the shape I needed and permanently installed it in the rear of the car. I still feel this is too strong for a 2' or 3' antenna. So, in my oppinion, if you are useing a short magnet mount antenna, get the medium spring. I didnt get it because some people said it flapps arround in the wind but I might have to get it. If u have a larger antenna like 5' and more, this one is probably the right one for u because the medium might be to soft. The taller the antenna the better. Oh and since we are on the Antenna subject, dont get anything shorter than 3' because the 2' one cant be tuned on all the channels, it is to much of a compromise.
I have a 5 foot firestik and I am impressed with this spring. I only gave it three stars because I doesn't give you a way to tighten the spring to the mount. I just used an ajustable clamp and wrapped it around the body of the spring and it did the job. I am satisfied with my purchase and I would buy again if needed.
Works well. Does as expected. Very springy, shiny, with threads.Screwed tight into my CB antenna base.blah blah blah. The end
Shipped and received promtly.  I would have wanted to know the spring shock was too stiff.  Destroys antennas not designed to flex. But...  better than no flex at all.
I tried using this with an MFJ 20m 'Hamtenna' mounted on the rear of my Jeep. It's OK on trails and around town but on the highway, the antenna bobs all over the place. Going around an off ramp, it was tilted far enough to the side that I'd have to worry about hitting things.
don't trust this swr built in meter - was putting up a new experimental antenna and this meter gave me a high of 2-2.5 and it was more like a 4- swr in actuality . . the warning light came on at a meter reading of 1.8 swr and it's set to light at a reading of 3  so this meter is no where close - i dunno . i think the rig i received isn't the best one for sure - - looking at the schematic i dont see a calibration for the swr meter either just has to meter pots, one for the signal strength and one for the modulation strength reading - so who knows - i may return it - not happy
It works, not like new, recieve has an issue and sometimes I have to hit it to get it to work. Used electronics are always a flip of the coin, you never know what kind of life it had before you get it. Guess I'm luck it works at all
I've been doing CDs of my old LPs for playing in the car and I found out that this machine does not like discs burned with Windows Media Player. You don't get it with all burns, but you wind up with enough "coasters" to make you want to switch software. You get crosstalk from other sectors and signal loss all over the place. In my case, I went back to MusicMatch Plus, which was the package I recorded the source MP3s on in the first place on my old comp. It's not like Pioneer doesn't know this, the manual warns you that some home-burned discs won't play. If you play nothing but prerecorded discs you should be okay--I haven't had any trouble with "store-boughts" anyway. As for power, this unit is noticeably better than the factory hardware that's already in your car. If you drive a Ford or Mazda, you already know that your rear speakers have really decent bottom end and this unit taps into that quite nicely. But, I repeat, this machine's performance on the discs you burn at home depends on which software you burned them with.
Well the concept is great. Linking distant radio repeaters together via the internet. I think this would be a great assett for Search Rescue and disaster relief work. As long as you have infastructure. HOWEVER you need to be somewhat techie--I was NOT able to make it work -stright from the box--.
Such an excellent idea and it was on sale so I figured why not try it out?  I like to play with unusual electronics especially if they have something to do with radio!  As expected the software is rather good-looking but not very reliable.  I'm still experimenting with the device itself so the software doesn't really matter to me.After I got the Dingotel I ran out and bought a pair of Motorola GMRS handsets with charging stations to work with this--unfortunately some radios do not charge in their base stations when they're powered on so you'll need to find one that does or your batteries wear out.  The cheaper Motorola FRS-only radios don't appear to charge while operating, so use a battery eliminator device that goes into the battery compartment instead.  None of the ones I have operate without batteries in the radio while resting in the charging station so you still need batteries or a battery eliminator contraption.  You can try to find a base station that accepts single-pin Motorola headsets--good luck trying to find one.Interestingly enough, both Microsoft Voice Synthesizer and Microsoft Voice Recognition are required for the software to function because you have to have some way to control the device from your walkie-talkie.  I successfully got that feature working but as with most voice recognition software it is hard to convince the computer what you want to do.  The MS Voice Recognition isn't the command-taking kind but the dictation kind, so I think command-taking voice recognition like you find on telephone customer service numbers would have worked better--maybe Windows Vista supports that kind of voice recognition.Pros:This product is an exceptionally interesting application of VoIP technology!Device is super tiny and slick, requires just a USB port and comes with a USB extender cable.  It's just really cool.Voice recognition and synthesis!! (see Cons).Neat orange-colored light.The audio is completely self-contained inside the device as miniature digital sound card!!  This means no clipping or other problems you need a sound technical geek to help you fix.The idea has lots of promise (see Cons).Cons:This system requires the base station radio to have a single-pin Motorola-style headset jack.  I should have been able to find adapters that convert the Motorola-style single-pin headset jack to the more common Cobra-style two-pin jacks but I've never found any.
Bought this for my husband.  He seems happy with the quality of the sound.
OK, not great. To get a better tuner costs several thousand dollars so I guess it's alright. Sirus compressed audio is only going to sound so good though the Slim Devices Transporter is pretty impressive and should be checked out if you want something truely better.
Sounds great, but the left channel went out after a couple of months. Poor soldering.
I got it in the mail today. Look great. The connections are too small. i could barley plug my 12v and ground into it. I am pushing 2 sony xplode 12"s and it bangs but the bass is just loud. you really don't feel it like you should with a true 1000 watt amp. The bass islo is not clean with this amp. I am broke and this was all i could afford so i am happy but will be upgrading after the xmas holiday. I f u want deep bass look elsewhere. Now, on the other hand, if you are using this for mids and highs then it will do everything and more . happy hunting
Nice amp came in original box with fedex lable slapped on it. Not wrapped just taped. It works fine but doesnt hit like 1000 watts so if you want the punch like i was looking for you might want to get a 2000 watt instead
I got the Pyramid PB717x to use on 1 Hifonic 600 watt sub. it seems to be doing a great job pushing out the bass.I wired the sub for 2ohm,and brigded the amp to mono,and it's holding up well. not a bad deal fo rthe price.
I wouldnt recommend this amp for any subwoofers or anything big, its peak maybe be 500 watts but its rms is only 75 for 2 ohm, 50 for 4ohm.  If you buy this i would recommend using if for a stereo or maybe an 8inch sub. I personally bought it and didnt read the specs on it and when i got it i was shocked and the low rms. definatly not enough to power my 2 10" 1000 watt peak subs, so i returned it.  Other than that, its heavy and big so if u plan on hiding it under a seat, u might want to change those plans right now.
it sounds great on the low bass has problems with high bass i would buy agian it is cheap but it gets the job done
I was really skeptical about getting this amp as a lot of other people probably were too. The $40 price tag and 50 watt output led me to believe this was gunna be a crappy amp but at the same time i didnt want to spend a lot of $ just to power some barley average 10in subs. Honestly after hooking it up im impressed. This thing is not weak at all, my 10's were pounding hard as hell. Prior to this i had a Crunch 1000 watt amp and honestly i cant tell the difference in performance (except that the Crunch cost $90). I let the volume blast for about 30min and after touching the amp it was barley hot. I think you'd be hard pressed to find a better amp for $43.*EDIT*So i decided to changed the overall rating from 5 stars to 3 after using this amp for about 2 months. As far as the power goes its still the same, makes my subs hit hard nothing to complain about there. The only problem is that this amp seems to get hot and shut down pretty easily. It wasnt that hot outside when i first reviewed this amp but now that the weather has been getting a lot warmer the amp is going into protect mode after about 10min of use. I must admit the ventilation isnt that great in my trunk but i've had quite a few other amps that never shut off despite it being very hot. Overall its still not a bad amp espically considering the price but the fact that its hard to use it when its hot is annoying for me.
I bought one of these for my 2 ten inch Pyle Blue Label subs. The subs themselves are 600 peak. Their in a bandpass box and I wired everything like it's supposed to be. The amp gets pretty hot after maybe 10 minutes of playing and it produces a hot electronic smell as well, not sure if that's normal, I'm assuming not. It powers the subs pretty well with each sub to their own channel. It's enough for a loud experience in the car, not so much out. It'd be ok for a quick band aid, but i wouldn;t suggest it for permanant solution. It'll be a good amp to mess around with until I can get more money for a better quality amp as well as the pyle subwoofers, good band aid until I can get money for better quality.
well i got my amp and it came really fast so thats a BIG + for me. I do not know yet if it work bc i am waiting on my subwoof to come in. but i am hoping everything is going to be fine. if there anything i need to know about this amp please leave a comment for heads up. thanks amazon..oohh also i will leave a nother review when i get it working
So Im a noob when it comes to this stuff but I basically bought this and took it to get it hooked up to my two 10" Subs. He said it hardly had enough power for One of my 10" woofers. So I returned it and bought a better one.
Ok I bought this amp as a cheap investment for 2 12" kickers and as its advertised it is a bridgeable amp. When I hooked it all up with 8ga wire bridge it would kick hard for about a minute and it was overheated. So I swapped it back to two channels and it works fine but nowhere near as good as it did bridged. If you want your system to sound real good get a better amp!
I am powering two Rockford P-2s 12s and have it dropped down to the right ohms but this just doesnt seem to put that much power out.  It is a inexpensive amp and I would expect big boom but would have liked to have a bit more.  This product was shipped extremely fast and was packaged perfectly.  I would reccommend this product for the price.
This amp was not efficient for my vehicles needs.  However, that may have just been my poor judgment of product.
A good product or the price, I had to order a replacement amp when the first one just started shorting out fuses on me, I was running the amp for a month, with no issues, when it gave up on me, luckily the price isnt too high and was able to buy a replacement, If this amp expires on me as well, i will not re-order this brand again.
This Amplifier is an older piece of equipment, when I took it to an Audio Professional, first thing he said was "Wow, this thing is pretty old".  I wasn't aware of this when I purchased it.  But your paying for what you see.  Its 1000 watts, and can handle your smaller speakers and a subwoofer. Thats about it.  I was told to NOT install anything else or it might blow the Amplifier.  All in all, its a decent product and I wouldn't recommend it anybody.  Pay 50-70$ more for a lot better quality and more reliable product.  Hope this helps
Good for the price. Makes my subwoofers beat hard! Its the best way to go for less. Its worth the money.
If your looking for top of the line this is not for you, you shouldn't even be looking on amazon. I used this for my dual kicker 12 inch comps, until it started overheating. I now use a kicker IX amp for my subs and this for my speakers. Pyramid says this is a 1000watt amp, but in reality its actually only about 100. Although if you set this up correctly you can make you'r subs bump fairly loud. Only buy this amp if your really short on cash, or don't care how good/bad your setup is. Some tips to somebody trying to get an amazing sound system: try to buy everything made by the same company(Alpine, Boston Acoustics, JL Audio, Kicker, and Pioneer are all good brands), get it professionally installed or have somebody who knows what there doing help you out(running your power wire to close to your RCA wires, and many other things you wouldn't even think about can cause major problems) and finally ALWAYS get a good warranty(if you have a warranty you can turn the volume ALL the way up and not worry about blowing anything).
I installed this amp after carefuly reading the instructions and going out and buying the right size wire install kit.  It bumps, Just not 1000 watts bump. I have it all the way up and still no solid bump. Its fine if you have nothing else. I personally would not buy this item again.
Wouldn't get it I got two 10 in American bass subs and it'd only stay on for five min.... ppl on here told me it'd push it but it didn't might be good for 1 ten maybe a 12 url.
its not 1000 watts not anywhere close to it!RMS power @ 4 ohms: 50 watts x 2RMS power @ 2 ohms: 75 watts x 2
It does the job, but as I found out, It is not really a 1000 watts. It is more like 350 watts topps. I took it to get it professionally installed and thats what they told me. I hooked it up to a sony 10' Sub. It puts out ok, don't get it if you are putting in trunk, you won't here it. If you have hatchback or truck, yea you can.
at around 400Watts peak. 200-250rms per channel in REALITY. works great bridged over mono channel on a 15" 600rms woofer. will run two low powered 12" woofers allright as well. for the price id buy again. but if your looking for REAL POWER spend a lil more cash and buy a real amp like JL rockford fosgate or Crunch.
OK, HERES THE DEAL.  I HAVE THIS AMP HOOKED UP WITH DUAL 10IN PYLE CHOPPER SERIES WOOFERS THAT ARE 1000 WATTS.. ( 500 WATTS  A PIECE).  AND I HAVE  A PAIR OF ROCKFORD FOSGATE 3 WAYS IN THE FRONT DOORS ( NOT THROUGH MY AMP_)  IT THUMPS MAN!!!I ACTUALLY HAD A SHERIFF TELL ME TO TONE DOWN THE VOLUME AS I HAD AN OLD SCHOOL NEW YORK MIX THUMPING !!!  LOL...THE NEGATIVE THING ABOUT THIS AMP IS THAT I DONT FEEL ITS 1000 WATTS.  IF I HAD TO GUESS  ITS PROBABLY PUMPING OUT 100-150  OR LESS  WATTS RMS PER CHANNEL BRIDGEDBUT I DEFIANTLY RECCOMEND THIS AMP FOR THE PRICE!!  NO DOUBT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This amp over heats. It has no fans and gets very hot at 2 ohms . I would not buy this again.
Alright amp I guess, don't expect it to push two 12's though, works with one ten, but I would strongly suggest that you use this amp for your door speakers
So I bought this for 2 15" sub woofers. I hooked it up and it played with a really nice, high quality sound. Problem is that There was hardly any power to the woofers, I mean I have heard my friends 1 15 inch sub and it was easily twice as loud as both of mine! So make sure your only going to power something with a smaller wattage! the 1000w label on the box threw me off. So now i'm extremely exited to get the right amp for my 2 15s, i'm hoping my car will light on fire from the bass!!! and not from the amp!
Power  should be rated at true RMS rating. Still If  you don't overpower the power supply this amp will give a good bass response in a small car with distortion coming only when you over drive with too much input.  Keep the input adjusted and unit performs well.
powers my sub well but the crossover clearly doesnt work well for the fact that i can hear the vocals coming from my sub not to impressed
Very low priced amp I will give it that. But the reason its cheap if you try and push it to its max its just gonna overheat. that said if you use this with maybe a 250watt system yeah it might actually work good for you. I just sold mine and went ahead and got I quality amp. so If your looking for a amp to power your 1200 watt sub don't buy this one and look somewhere else.
when i order it i thought it would have all the small parts with it ( power cord, remote etc.) so when i got it nothing was with it just the boom box only, so it was shipped back to the seller for credit, if i had known it came that way i would have not order it.
The radio itself is perfect, however I have gone through two remote controls and several batteries and a couple of hours with customer service with Belkin & Amazon and nobody has a replacement unit (all out of stock)and was informed this radio may not be manufactured anymore. Too much of a headache to deal with anymore...
This is a great boombox for XM Radio Roady XT.But, just remember to remove one of the batteries before storing it for a time.  If you don't intend on using it for a couple days (or weeks) remove one of the batteries.  Otherwise, you'll find the battery life of your 8 "C" cells is drastically reduced.I'm not sure why it happens, I just know I learned this over a year and a half of using this product.  NOTE: This is whether or not the XM Roady is removed before storage.Otherwise, it's the best boombox for XM I've ever tried.
I purchased this radio so I could have my XM and iPod on the same unit without having a separate XM tuner and to allow me to replace my OEM CD/AM/FM with a way to control my iPod and play it back.Out of the box, I learn that the product description here is not accurate.  The tuner cannot control iPod AND satellite radio, rather you connect ONE to the ONE plug on the back.I paid an additional $45.75 for the XM connector cord, $44.49 for the iPod connection cables, and $48.36 for the XM tuner that connects to this radio.  A total of $138.71 in addition to this radio's cost only to find out on receipt that I can only use one of these items.  I could have saved either between $50 - $95 if I had known this radio can only do one at a time.The three star rating is solely for the lack of clarity in the description to allow consumers to save money when deciding to purchase accessories and not a reflection of the radio's performance itself.
I purchased this JVC unit in November 2008. Istallation required a wiring harness that was not supplied for my vehicle so had to spend another $15.00 which was not really a big deal. As far as performance goes it sounds good. It does look like an aftermarket radio not like an oem replacement.Wish it was a little more flush with the dash. The volume know is in a goofy position...passenger side. I bought it because is one of the few units that play both cd's and cassettes which is nice for a books on tape listener.
Never used this because it did not fit space for radio and van. It would have been helpful to know measurements of radio before purchase. I put 3 stars because I had to give it a rating.
I had bought this amp because i really didn't want much bass in my ear but since i got a bigger amp at a steal of a deal, i now use this boss amp for pushing my midrange speakers and it is performing quite well
I bought this to replace my existing Xact boombox account with my Sportster account. I wanted to save a few pennies each month and believe Xact products and support are junk.Pluses: It looks great, classy. I could use my iPod on it. All definite pluses.Minus are more: The sound is so-so. The boombox had great base and resonated nicely. This, which uses an electrostatic technology, is very crisp, but lacks base. I'm still tinkering with the sound quality adjustments, but it is a noticeable variance.Also, the remote transmission/reception is poor. I must stand three feet or less from it to get an accurate power-off or else the unit cycles through the different modes: iPod, line in, etc. The remote uses the same button for Power and Mode. I'm not sure if this is a battery strength issue as I'm using the one that was enclosed.I'll keep it. But I'll keep the deactivated Xact handy in a closet.
First off, this product is widely available at many online retailers at various prices.  I suggest you do some goggling before making a purchase anywhere.  Prices can range from $30 refurbished to $150 brand new.I was originally looking for a boom box for my Sirius Sportster 4.  Unfortunately, many of them have been discontinued and are very hard to come by new or used.  The Sirius Soloist seemed like the next best thing, even though it is not portable.The Sirius Soloist accommodates about seven different Sirius Radios, including some plug and play models as well as the Stiletto series.  It can also handle any iPod with a 30 pin connector. The Soloist does come with adapters for all of these as well as a Sirius antennae. As far as the adapters, I found that they are hard to snap in and take off without the fear of breaking them.  In fact, I docked both my iPod and Sportster 4 radio directly onto the pins without the adapters.  The adapters help give the units a snugger fit, especially if you are directly pushing on the buttons on either the iPod or radios.  My recommendation would be to use the remote control as much as possible so you don't bend the units back to the point that you break the pin connectors.A nice feature to this unit is the clock.  Not only does the Soloist act as an alarm clock, but it also has timer features and a sleep mode.  When using the alarm, you can wake up to an annoying buzzer sound, the Sirius radio, or iPod.  The only thing with the iPod is that you have to have a song already cued to play so when it turns on it will wake you up. The timer is cool to have.  You can program the unit to turn on at a certain time and turn off as well.  I find this useful when listening to the Sirius radio in the morning while getting ready for work. The sleep mode allows you to set the unit to turn off after 90 minutes, allowing you to set it in 10 minute increments. One thing I do not like about the clock is the display.  It is a dark blue background with light blue LCD numbers and icons.  It's a bit hard to see at times. The only drawback with the alarm clock and timers is that you can only set them when the Soloist is turned off.  Also, both the alarm and timer buttons act as on/off buttons. There will be icons that light up to let you now when these are activated.Another nice feature for this unit is the extra inputs and outputs.  There is a line in jack as well as an auxiliary in jack for other devices like another MP3 player, CD player, tape deck, etc.  I find the volume has to be turned way up on both the additional players and the Soloist in order to hear anything connected to these jacks.  There is also a line out jack for extra speakers.  Again, I find the power/sound to be very weak when listening through extra speakers.  The headphone jack is cool to have.  It mutes any sound coming from the Soloist speakers when plugged in.There is also a USB input which allows you to access the computer for things like iTunes.The sound that comes out of the Soloist is quite impressive for such a small unit.  There are 5 preset EQ settings (Rock, Jazz, Classic, Flat, and Pop) and a DBB button which increases bottom end bass frequencies. Both of these features help enhance any type of music you listen to.The Soloist remote control works pretty good with the Sirius Radio.  The Soloist remote can do pretty much everything that the Sirius ones can as far as navigating through different screens, accessing different stations, etc. When it comes to the iPod however, it is quite limited.  You need to already be in an album or playlist of some sort.  Then you can only pause or track back and forth between songs.  The remote that comes with the Soloist will not allow you to access other menus in the iPod.  In that case you would need to use the touch controls on the iPod. Also, you need to be in pretty close proximity when using the Soloist remote.  I sometimes find myself pressing the remote buttons more than once to get it to do what I want.The buttons on the Soloist seem very cheap and almost feel like they are worn down already.  A person with big fingers might have a hard time trying to press one with out another next to it.I paid close to $80 "brand new" from one online retailer.  I probably would have even settled for a refurbished one at $30 from another online retailer.  I wouldn't pay over $100 for the Soloist.  I was considering getting an extra one but not sure yet.Overall, it's a nice little unit that provides some conveniences I was looking for, which seem to outweigh any of the inconveniences. Still, it could use a few improvements.
I've used the Soloist for almost a year. It can fill my small vacation cabin with good sound, loud enough to be heard outside.At home, I don't use its flat-panel speaker; I feed its headphone output into my stereo system. (This made it unnecessary to buy a separate "home docking kit" for my Starmate4.)The antenna is supposed to disconnect from the Soloist by pulling it straight outward from the unit, but mine has always been too tight. (I use a built-in rooftop antenna at home, which must be disconnected whenever I take the Soloist to the cabin.) The last time I disconnected it, the connector in the Soloist actually broke apart, forcing me to make an extremely difficult repair to it.I found the remote control to be underpowered; requiring close proximity and a narrow angle to be effective.Rather than provide a separate toggle for Power, the designers choseto force the user to hold the Mode switch for five seconds to turn off the Soloist. This doesn't work well with the underpowered remote control-- the Soloist will often switch modes instead of turning off.Finally, the LCD display on the Soloist is nearly impossible to read (even at full contrast) unless you're standing very near the unit, directly in front of it, and at a certain height from it.2009feb18(16:45)-sls
I have really enjoyed my conductor for the last two years. Now however the controller is acting up and the back-light does not work. I did not notice battery problems with mine. Range is not as good as advertised, but decent enough. Very nice to be able to see who is on the radio, makes for good drinking game!
The problem with this kit has more to do with the design of the Sirius product for motorcycles. My bike vibrates enough that it shook the antennae connection loose inside the radio after a few thousand kilometres. They need to beef up the connections to be useful on a bike, at least on that vibrates.
Although the kit has plenty of extra parts to adapt to several motorcycle applications and was easy to install, the mount is weak. I've been unable to tighten the mount enough to hold it into position and I'm constantly facing the radio back up so I can see the display while riding. I'm going to keep looking for something better
In general, the Skyfi 2 is fine, and please default to all the other reviews that sing it's praises.My biggest gripe with this receiver is the volume control on the remote only functions when you have the receiver connected to a SKYFI boom box (so I read). I use the unit with my home stereo setup, which means I am changing the skyfi channels with the skyfi remote, but then adjusting the volume on my home theatre volume control. The inability to control the skyfi output volume via the remote is completely stupid. I certainly will not be purchasing the bulky skyfi boombox just so I can have control via the remote. I'm still completely baffled, but the instructions clearly say that the volume control option only works in conjunction with skyfi boombox units. Wow. I own a portable xm myfi unit, the remote controls the volume output on that device, as any normal remote would. It's a huge disappointment to not have the volume control. Amazon is great about returning things, so if I have the time to return and replace with another myfi unit, I may do so.My second gripe is that when searching through the general genre categories, you are forced to cycle all the way through the 12 or so categories to reach the category you just passed over. Again, really annoying and horrible design, considering the beauty of this unit is the ability to search a wide variety of music.Electronics have come so far in the past 15 years, it pains me to think the designers of these units are overlooking such stupidly obvious user friendly features.- Bill
The air intake fan in my Wii recently gave out (I am assuming from having recently been set on an enclosed shelf, on its side, and using it for Netflix).  with that, the Wii would overheat after about an hour and shut itself off.  Rather than spend the big $$ to get it fixed, I decided to see if there were any solutions.  Lo and behold, I came across the Wii Mini Power Cooling Fan - and for $3.99, I figured I have nothing to really lose.It plugs into the back of the Wii using one of the two USB ports, and conviently has its own USB port, so you still have access.  Power up the Wii, turn the fan switch "on"...and nothing.  My heart sank.  Turned it off, turned it back on, and it started right away.  Guess it just wanted to give me a little scare.It ran for approximately 2 hours straight last night, and the Wii never got any warmer than it did when we had the fan.  So, I am pleased.the question is, how long will it last?  At $3.99, I don't expect this to be a long-term fix.  But, for the time being, I am happy.Edit 9/12:  okay, I didn't expect it to be a long term fix....but only 3 weeks??  It has completely stopped working. Lesson learner...I have ordered a higher quality fan.Edit 9/28:  The darn thing started working again.  We used something to "nudge" the fan blades and it started spinning again.  Have had to do that a couple times since the 12th, but all in all, again- for the price, I guess it's hard to complain too loudly.  I have the "higher power" fan in storage for the inevitable day when this one really does bite the dust.
This USB cooling fan is O.K.  It fits the Wii great and can run while the Wii is in standby mode.  It seems to do an alright job of keeping the unit cool.  However the fan is some-what loud and can clearly be heard even when I'm watching T.V.  I would recommend only if you don't care about the constant fan sound (and red LED light).
I have bought a total of 4 of these over the past 12 months.  The original cooling fan in our Wii burned out courtesy of long hours of NetFlix.  After burning up a more expensive auxiliary fan in about 3 months, I opted for this much less expensive version, and got an average of about 4 months out of each of the first two I purchased, again with heavy use watching NetFlix.  I just purchased 2 more and have the first one installed.  All the auxiliary fans I have bought are still cheaper than replacing the case fan on the Wii, so this is a good option.
I've been a user of Kenwood head units for nearly 20 years, this may be the last one I buy unless Kenwood improves their interfaces. What frustrates me the most is the volume/EQ control. Just like the Kenwood unit I had before this, the volume knob is too "short" or "shallow". I dont have unusually large hands or fingers and I find it very difficult to grip this knob in order to rotate it. I think my next head unit will have a toggle type volume control...that seems to make more sense. What makes it so frustrating with the KDC-MP235 is if you push on the knob it opens the audio settings menu...and it takes very little pressure to push. So, 1 out of every 4 times I go to adjust the volume I accidentally open the EQ menu. Then I have to push the knob another 6 or 7 times to get back to where I can adjust the volume. I cuss every time that happens. My 10 year old daughter, who's perfectly capable of rotating a volume knob, always knocks my EQ off the proper setting because of the sensitivity of the knob.Kenwood really needs to re-think this interface. I also think the radio preset button are a little too small considering the frequency in which they're used. Ultimately the head unit sounds great and the tuner tunes in distant stations fantastically.
I would like to say I had good luck using the Holux M1200 with Google Maps on my Blackberry Bold but, either I'm doing something wrong or the BB Bold is a piece of junk.  It shows me to be anywhere from 1/4 mile to 4 miles away from my current location depending how many times I update my location.  At first I thought Google Maps was still working the cell phone tower triangulation thing but if I shut off the Holux I get an error from Google Maps saying it lost the GPS connection.  I'm using the free version of Google Maps so I don't know if that has something to do with it or not.  Also, I have AT&T for a carrier and I stopped using their Navigator because it was way too slow and expensive.  Maybe someone out there can tell me what I'm doing wrong, if anything.
I bought this receiver for my Blackberry Pearl.The good things about this receiver is that it's very affordable.  It was able to locate me quickly from start up, and at most was off no more than 30feet.The only thing I could not stand about this receiver was the update interval time.  If you were driving 70mph, it would leave huge gaps between updates, along with the loading from the AT&T; EDGE network, I'd sometimes skip out of the map.I'd suggest spending more money on a stand alone receiver if you plan on using it a lot.  This is a nice receiver but it just didn't deliever what I had expected.
ok, my wife uses these to stay awake in the car after a hard day at work or on long trips.  I never remember i have one. i guess they should be like set belts and beep when you get in the vehicle. They are worth a try unless you are like me.
This is a very simple and cheaply made product but surprisingly effective. Yes it  does really surprises you. I don't use this for driving. I use this for my meditation, to keep myself staying on the very long, narrow, and winding path to enlightenment. Actually, not sure if this really helps my meditation but it's almost embarrassing/humbling to know how many times I get startle awoken by this device in one sitting. It's really LOUD so it really startles me awake and for a moment I always have no idea where I am, what I am doing and why I was awoken. Well, well...
Beware, the headset you see pictured will not be sent.  Instead they send the inline microphone style with a rubber loop around ear without the ear insert.  May not matter for anyone not using this for a motorcycle headset.  The vehicle noise and wind noise will be a problem otherwise.  The help system isn't capable of receiving the  specific error and correcting it so I may have to re-order the correct headsets.
The best thing about this is the batteries - spares are always good, and I can't find a better price for two with the charger.As for the mike/earpiece, trash it. The speaker sounds good, but the mike can't pick up anything.
I am used to other mounts in which the cover surrounding the stereo is removed, holes are drilled at some location near the edge, and the mount is secured with screws at these holes (reference thePro.Fit Vehicle Specific Mounts-Standard VSM FO-71-02for the 2002-2005 Ford Explorer). The Panavise mounts work by removing one or both of the stereo's mounting screws on one side, positioning the mount over the stereo's mounting tab (or bracket for aftermarket head units), and reinstalling the screw, with the mount on top of the tab or bracket. Then the cover is replaced. In the case of my 07 Freestyle with aftermarket bracket, the added thickness from the mount causes the cover to not sit flush with the dash. You don't have to drill holes in the dash though.Other than the aforementioned aesthetic issue, the mount holds theDICE (DCR-50-PTH) Cradle with Standard Pass-Thruwhich holds an iPhone 4S  very securely.
I think this receiver is good overall but they fell short on several of the control connections. I was excited to see that this unit had a rear infrared input for use with remote control systems and repeater systems but unfortunately it doesn't work. I have verified this on several different units using Universal Remote controls and others that usually work with anything. I'm glad the manufacturers are finally realizing that people hate to stick ugly IR flashers that are prone to falling off on the front of their electronics but they need to make them work for this connection to be useful. In the end, I have either taken the units apart to install the flashers inside or stuck them on the front when I'm pressed for time. I haven't tried the RS-232 port but I'm sure they meant input or input/output instead of just output in the description. The 12V trigger input on the back could also be useful if it worked. I have tried to use this several times to turn it on and off with  the system but again it just doesn't work reliably using a number of triggers and power supplies of various ratings. Also missing are separate power on and power off infrared codes. The remote uses the standard power on/off toggle which is useless for most control systems. All in all it is a great unit but expect to leave it on all the time and run it from the front since it can't be controlled reliably. I gave it three out of five stars because these manufacturers really should have figured out these control issues by now....
My one complaint with this mic is that it's described as "black chrome", which led me to believe it would have a metal shell, when it's actually just gloss black plastic.  Still, it's a significant step up from the mic that came with my Cobra 29.If this had been $10 more expensive I might have felt jipped due to the above-mentioned descriptive error; but at this price, it's still worth it.
for the price these speakers are ok I have 2 hooked up to a Pioneer Premier amp and the amp will smoke these speakers. Spend a little more and upgrade to some premier speakers as well.
My husband purchased this radio for me as I already had a Kenwood system and he thought I would like this one as well.  Well, I have been trying to like this system but it is not user friendly at all.  I've had difficulty setting the clock (still not set, just gave up), adjusting the frequency is no easy task and why does it not have a graphics display.  It only shows the demo, clock or a blank screen.  Don't get me wrong this system has great quality sound as you would expect from a Kenwood, it is just lacking in a lot of areas.  My previous Kenwood started skipping on the CDs but it still had great sound, was user friendly and had awesome graphics.  The Kenwood X492 is very disappointing.  I don't recommend this system, particularly if you've already had a great system, it's hard to accept anything less.
Bought these only to find out I needed another piece and my mechanic was deathly afraid of these... apparently they like go fail. Posi-taps are a safer bet.
all of the leds do not light up it does beep to warn you if the voltage dops too much little big than i was expecting although it was a good buy
I have 1 and i am about to upgrade my system and this wont do . It dont do now and i am pushing 1200 rms watts at 1 ohm from a kenwood amp . My headlights dim now  , so i cant imagine trying to put out 2400 watt rms . My battery would die . Good thing its a Optima at 950 cold cranking amps . anyway , you get what you pay for , so good-luck .
I needed a capacitor because my system is dimming my lights. I installed this one and it did make everything sound more clear but my lights are still dimming. Looks like it's time for a new alternator.
Ok these people are liars. I have a 1400 watt amp (300 rms per channel) and my lights still dim a little with this so called 5 farad cap. My other car I'm pushing 1000 watts and using a power acoustic 3 farad cap and that dims a little. I'm doing my math and these people are liars. I shouldn't see any dim at all if these specs were true. In fact in theory I should only need a 1 farad for my 1000 watt and I put a 3 and they still dim wtf? So now I have 1400 and I put a 5 and they dim a little? Wtf?  I wouldn't be surprised if these people made a so called 20 farad capacitor. It would probably give you a real 5. Liars. I like the caps though cause they look nice and they make a big difference than being with no cap but if you want a 3 farad buy the 5 and if you need 5 just upgrade your alternator and get a second battery or let me know who makes honest caps these days. They do look nice though and their digital voltmeter readout at the top looks nice. I'm satisfied but I don't like being lied to. Can't I sue these liars?  Seems like every piece of electronic is over rated these days. From amp watts to speaker watts to wiring kits. You name it buy 8 gauge ? You get 10. Buy 1000 watts? You get 150rms. What gives?
Ok I'm an electronics hobbies I'm pretty competent in the field, when i charged this cap per instructions etc etc. I hooked up my multimeter which chks just about every electronic component transistors resisters capacitors etc thermally current etc this cap came no where near what it boasts at 5 farad it dialed in at a lil over 3 3/4 farad give or take a few although it's still enuff to power my multiple amps which totally combined hits 3200 watts the general rule is 1 farad per 1000 watts I wanted to give more than ample power so as not to put to much strain on my charging system. I actually am inclined to believe that this cap would fall well under the ability to assist this setup if it were not for the fact that my vehicle has a 24 volt system which supplies 2000 cca with a 190 amp alternator! It is a very neat looking cap it's cosmetic/visual design is appealing but at least the one I got isn't up to spec maybe it's just mine?
Did not noticed too much of a difference for a 10 fared capacitor from my old 2 fared cap.  I would still recommend it for its looks.
I only bought this because of the size and weight.Audio quality is ok, not great. You cant change the sound, I.E bass or treble.Its loud enough for two 120 watt speakers.
The item was new came with all the parts the seller had mentioned. It fit but didn't work. The system needed to be flashed and I was told it didn't have to. The price for the cartridge was good. The shipping was quick.
I bought this CD player since it seemed to have the most features without the gaudy displays and huge mult-function doorknobs that most CD players have now. The CD sound is excellent and the controls are simple and intuitive. I would have given this higher stars except those blue LEDs that manufacturers love to use now are way too bright! And you have no control over it. I have an old CD player that the illumination wire controls all the buttons and display so that they dim in connection with the brightness of your dash lights. The old pioneer deck I have from 1994 would completely shut the button illumination off when you turn your dash lights off, and they were a dim green when on. Why has this technology suddenly disappeared? Everything now has to have obnoxiously bright blue LEDs in them that light up the whole interior of your car.Buy this player if you want good sound  for a great price and don't mind getting a free map light you can never shut off.
The product does what it is supposed to do, but it was not easy to install and it was expensive for what you get. I have a bay boat and getting in position under the console to install was difficult, especially for an old guy (70) like me.
I have XM in my car and it works great.  This radio has a long wire leading to the transistor.  This transistor must be facing south.  So you are restricted in where you can put the radio in the house.  I have friends with this radio and they have the transistor sitting outside their house on the front porch.
does the job just fine. good bang for your buck. wont buy another cause this one works just fine!!!!!!!!!  Thanks
Please with the purchase. The adapter does a wonderful job of co existing with the factory radio. Best investment for the set
Tapped with my foot and shattered it.
Followed the directions for mounting but the double sided tape didn&#8217;t hold.  Other than that the product was fine. Just pick-up some 3M double sided tape from your local store.
Adhesive did not stick to a clean, dry surface, had to use my own.  Other wise the hanger is ok.
This wire is too thin for. I did not realize how thin this wire would be, turned out I couldn't use it for anything carrying any real amperage.
Does what its supposed to, nothing special. The blue numbers are bright and annoying. The dimmer basically dims the green backlit display and turns it off before the blue numbers dim, which is dumb. Speaker would cut in and out. Hooked up external speaker and works fine so must be factory speaker wire problem. Kind of annoying on something brand new.
I bought the radio as a gift so I can't comment on how it performs . I know the recipient has not installed it but once he has I'm positive he'll be very happy .
This item works just fine. You must be sitting still to watch digital tv. You must also hope your area has enough stations broadcasting over the air digital signals. Long as you plan on siting somewhere long enough you'll love it. picture is clear as cable when you have a signal.
This product looks great and it has a great price but unfortunately it does not say that it handles ATSC-MH which is for mobile broadcasts.  I didn't actually buy this but instead got one that handles both ATSC and ATSC-MH.  If this one does handle the MH protocol Amazon needs to update the product information to list that (I suspect the fault lies with the manufacturer provided info though).  I totally would have bought this if it said that it handles the MH so you can see the transmissions while moving.  I suspect that it does not handle it though otherwise I think they would have said so.  And nobody posting other reviews says that it works while moving (actually they say quite the opposite).  But even if you get a unit that has both regular ATSC and the ATSC-MH -- the regular transmissions will not show while moving I guess due to technical reasons in the way the signal works from the stations.  But apparently, if you are in a major TV market then you should be able to get 5 or 6 "mobile" optimized channels from stations using a receiver that can pick them up (ATSC-MH).
cheap but works antenna is garbage that comes with it. changes channels slow. has a good picture once the signal comes in clear. audio and inputs work great easy to wire and docent take much power to run remote is small and works well too
I like this product. I connect with JVC KW-ADV790 and Pyle rear view camera. Because of changed to digitor version. I received only 6 to 7 channel. Sometimes I couldn't get the channel. But I happy for what I spend.
Leather is thin and soft, not sure how long it will hold up.  I have an aftermarket remote that came with my remote start so it was hard finding a case to fit.  This one is the smallest I could find and the fob fits loosely.  I bought it because I keep pressing the various buttons on my fob by accident and starting the car, or opening the trunk, so far that hasn't happened since I got this case.
Product delivery = OK. Extremely overpriced product. It does work. It is easy to install. Just hurts in the pocket book. I feel that I ripped myself off by paying what I did.
The thing works fine while plugged in.  But when I put in 6 AA batteries, the screen freezes and does NOTHING! It would be nice if it worked with batteries. need for it work with batteries especialy on long flights...its ok device, but doesn't work well with batteries so far. will keep you all posted.
Nextbase 7" Tablet Style Portable DVD Players for Cars, All-Region, Work with 6 AA Batteriesgood product they just not saying it is one screen only wane I bought it looks like a pair for the back of the car for every kid for the seat what I found out was not
Bought this for my elderly mother and works fine for her. Easy to use and not bad quality for the price. If you're a techie though, this is not for you.
The photos and specs of this item leave you wanting. no model number to speak of on the item however it is a NAD3301 not that it matters.Installed it into my 2000 Toyota Tundra link ---[...]It does everything it says just not the way you would expect it to. its not false advertising its just not a pioneer or alpine. For the money it is the cheapest all-in-one. if you want it just for the navigation be prepared to put IGO 8 or polnav 6 on it. yes you can run them on win CE 5.2 (do a little research google is your friend)
Radio works as expected but I was disappointed in the shipping charges for such an expensive item, thought I had free shipping but was charged an additional $18.00.  :(.  Wish I had checked the other web sites prior to the purchase.
Frequency drifts.  If I knew this, I wouldn't have purchased it.  Not worth sending back.  Nothing can compare to the older made CB radios!
Nice interface - easy to use controls.  In the Car - My biggest complaint is that it lacks volume.  I have it directly connected to the aux port in the car for better clarity, but with the volume on the XM unit turned up to max, I still have to turn up the volume on the car stereo pretty high.
Sorry to say I bought a second identical Xpress unit and it died just like the first unit- bought it through Amazon. I'm sold on XM radio but will buy another brand.  Spending $100+ a pop every year is not a viable way to use limited resouces! Like the other reviews say, it dies in about one year!
Very nice item, but if your purchasing for use out of the US this is not the item for you....XM only works in US ... Which should be stated in description, as i bought using and international card and was not informed of this until paid for suscription n it never worked...
Purchased on Nov 2nd 2010.Unit stopped working on May 4th 2011Pros: Nice, bright display, portable enough to bring it out of the vehicle and then to the office, then home on a daily basis. Very light.Cons:: Unit failed after 4 months of use. Unit is also known to have reliability issues with the display (see specialized XM forums for more info). Slow to accept remote commands. Example, if keying in specific channel, seems there is a slight delay before the channel kicks in.Recommendation: Buy EVERYTHING through AMEX. They offer an excellent extended warranty by default. I was able to leverage it for this failed unit and plan on getting a replacement XM radio soon.
Disappointed.  This is not a good fit for my home, since the "home dock" now must be wired into the home audio component.  Used to be, the XM unit broadcast a faint but sufficient FM signal, on a frequency of your choice, and you could tune in your receiver to that frequency.  That was very cool, and FM radios throughout the small home could pick it up, on a good day.  And that's apparently how it will be used, still, in the automobile, broadcasting to your car radio on an FM frequency you choose.But we are told now that in the home, "that is illegal now."  Probably due to interference with other devices, and maybe neighbors also. So now some black antenna cable has to be strung all the way to the home dock. If the antenna needs to be outside to see south, one must run the wire through a door or window or hole, somehow. Almost certainly you will need the antenna extension; the stock antenna has maybe 30' of cable, not much.Nuisance.  I do wish their XM advertising (and Amazon's advertising also) made this clear.  Things ain't what they used to be.  For many folks this will still work fine, but in our home it does not work.  There is a fix, I guess, that might work, with a signal repeater.  But I'm returning mine.  Wish I had bought it from Amazon, since XM charges more for the returns and for the shipping.  My old model still works a little, and when it dies (no longer supported) I'll discontinue XM.
We bought this mic online because we couldn't find one locally for under $40.  If we had it to do over, we'd opt for paying $40 for a better quality mic.  The mic arrived with a small crack around where a screw is...didn't think much of it, but the crack got bigger when we plugged it in causing the mic to come unplugged while in use unless you hold it just right.
Works well on my FT-60, but when they say 'light duty' they mean it. If I am careful it should last. Fast shipper, original part.
I bought this in August 2012. Worked pretty well with Galaxy S3 until the power connection quit working. The device will only stay powered when I hold it into the car outlet with my hand. Car outlet works fine with other devices so I know it's the flexsmart.
I ordered this in sept 2013 and have been using it to great success. Even unplugging and plugging back in with the unit button the charger on, it still saved my volume and station settings. The problem i had, is the flex part kept wanting to bend back down, so i constantly had to bend it back up. Apparently, bending it several time back into place (nothing extreme, just so i can see it) i heard a crack. Then the unit would flicker on me alot.I found out - today, that the internal plastic piece that held spring so the fuse and silver connector would stick out, broke, and the spring had fallen back into the base of the charger. I have emailed support at gogroove and hopefully can get a replacement base, maybe even get the smartmini BT base.In short, it seems the charger was probably not the most sturdy build for the flex part. Of course physics would dictate that with the larger handle you can probably move it around too much without being able to feel how much stress the charger base is taking.
Sometimes does not connect to my phone for unknown reasons.  Also the default channel it is set to interferes with one of my favorite stations to listen to.  Probably just something I need to fiddle with, but  slight hassle nonetheless.
But I bought this as a phone to radio solution, and it doesn't do that well. It is nice it has the charging port right on it, so you can plug your phone in, but the radio transmitter has a lot of noise in it, and microphone has trouble picking up the voice sometimes. When streaming audio from the phone you really hear the &#34;hiss&#34; pretty bad, which is also made worse when making a call. I used it for a couple weeks and put it aside. I only use it as a charger now.
First of all to give this product credit, from my experience the FlexSMART probably has the strongest FM transmitter of any device I've tried. The same stations always comes through with no static whatsoever.Why 3 stars? A couple of things.1) The biggest "failing" of this product was that the volume is always inconsistent. I think the device tries to level out volume but ultimately does a poor job of it. Sometimes even with the volume on the device at max level, I still have to crank up the volume on my car stereo a lot to hear anything clearly. Other times I can hear it just fine with my car stereo set to a "normal" level. It's just too inconsistent. Also one big pet peeve, it doesn't "save" what you had the volume set to so every time I turn it on I have to set the volume back to what I need it to be to hear it clearly through my car speakers.2) The knob to adjust volume or frequency is somewhat irritating. Sometimes I have to press the button really hard to get it to register that I want to adjust the volume...and when I'm driving I'll often press the knob not realizing it didn't change to volume mode, and end up changing the frequency instead.3) Bluetooth is inconsistent also. Often times I'll have to turn it off, then on so it'll see my phone and pair up. No it's not my phone because I've since replaced this with a similar Motorola device which pairs within 2-3 seconds of turning it on.4) This is somewhat aesthetic but I don't like how there's no way to adjust the length of the neck. The neck also isn't as flexible as I'd like...it won't stay in certain positions so that it's out of the way. At least in my car, it ends up getting in the way of other buttons and dials.So like I said...it's an OK product. The only positive is that it has a really strong FM transmitter...the only thing I wish the Motorola car kit was better about.
First of all to give this product credit, from my experience the FlexSMART probably has the strongest FM transmitter of any device I've tried. The same stations always comes through with no static whatsoever.Why 3 stars? A couple of things.1) The biggest "failing" of this product was that the volume is always inconsistent. I think the device tries to level out volume but ultimately does a poor job of it. Sometimes even with the volume on the device at max level, I still have to crank up the volume on my car stereo a lot to hear anything clearly. Other times I can hear it just fine with my car stereo set to a "normal" level. It's just too inconsistent. Also one big pet peeve, it doesn't "save" what you had the volume set to so every time I turn it on I have to set the volume back to what I need it to be to hear it clearly through my car speakers.2) The knob to adjust volume or frequency is somewhat irritating. Sometimes I have to press the button really hard to get it to register that I want to adjust the volume...and when I'm driving I'll often press the knob not realizing it didn't change to volume mode, and end up changing the frequency instead.3) Bluetooth is inconsistent also. Often times I'll have to turn it off, then on so it'll see my phone and pair up. No it's not my phone because I've since replaced this with a similar Motorola device which pairs within 2-3 seconds of turning it on.4) This is somewhat aesthetic but I don't like how there's no way to adjust the length of the neck. The neck also isn't as flexible as I'd like...it won't stay in certain positions so that it's out of the way. At least in my car, it ends up getting in the way of other buttons and dials.So like I said...it's an OK product. The only positive is that it has a really strong FM transmitter...the only thing I wish the Motorola car kit was better about.
Works great until the bass drops. Then it just doesn't know what to do. Good if you're starting with a bad audio system in your car that doesn't sound good in the first place.
This item is two steps away from being perfect. While I love the direct line out feature, the microphone quality is terrible and I am practically unable to use the unit for making phone calls. If the mic was stronger, this would be a slam dunk!
STATICKY AND THE FLEX WONT STAY WHERE U WANT ITELEVEN TWELVE WORDS HAPPY NOW BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Not good same as cheap ones has interference not happy not something  was advertised.Don't waste your money on it ok
Without the wire it comes with you wont be able to hear the base and you wont hear the music loud. Using bluetooth you will hear the music clear and static free but wont hear any base. I believe is a good device for the older folks and not someone like me who loves to jam to louder music. You must use the wire and attach it to your device if you like louder music with base as i already mentioned. BTW i used this with my Ipad2 and it worked.
I'm not sure how much I will use this device and I probably should've returned it.  When playing music, you need to really crank up the volume.  If I charge my iphone 4s, I can hear an annoying buzzing noise.  The sound quality is not that great-very flat, tinny, and seems to play only on my front speakers (no surround sound).  Answering the phone is easy as it mutes the music.  I keep wanting to answer the phone  by pushing the phone and not the device's answer button.  By doing so, you don't hear unless you put it on speaker phone.  The person on the other end said I sounded tinny or like I was in a room with that echoed.  I have an older device for my ipod that is wonderful, but won't work with my iphone.  I think for long trips I will use it instead and use my iphone as a phone.  Hopefully I will be getting a new car soon so that I can pair my iphone with the car's stereo and be done with FM transmitters!  Bottom line, if sound quality isn't an issue for you, than this will be fine.  It's easry to operate and handy.  But if sound quality is important (I'm assuming that it is for most people), look elsewhere!
I hardly ever write reviews, but I think this product necessitated one.  Let me start out by saying it's really easy to set this product up and get it working with a phone.  The music quality is great and I mostly wanted the product as an FM transmitter.  It serves it's purpose well at that, but I have a major problem with it.  When I talk on a hands free call, everyone says they can't hear me.  I have to shout for anyone to hear me at all.  So, all in all, it's a great (yet pricey) FM transmitter.
I was pretty excited to received the product, I connected the transmitter into the DC head that was in the package, and plugged it into the cigarette lighter outlet, I turned it on and it was fine, connected the Bluetooth with my iPhone, so far so good, then I choose a good radio frequency, its great up to this point. Wallaaaaaaaa music at last. PERFECT.After going out and running some errands I got home late that night I decided to unplug it for the outlet and leave it in the gulf compartment for safety reasons. However It wouldn't come out. It completely got stuck in the cigarette lighter outlet and won't come out, I have tried many times but with no avail. I called Amazon that night they were gracious enough to refund me the money, but they said that I still need to return the product to the seller. That evening I kept trying and trying finally it was getting loose, I thought to myself yes perfect, however when it came out the cigarette lighter outlet came out with it, and now I have damaged that part in my car.The following morning I spoke to Accessory Genie's Customer Service, he was able to replace the DC outlet with no charge but they will not be responsible to fix my cigarette lighter outlet I  have to do it on my own. my recommendation to all of you is to check the size of the outlet and make sure it a loose fit not so tight, Please use a nail file or emery board and evenly file down the rubber grips. Evenly swiping the file a couple times back and forth will get the grips to a proper fit for your specific vehicle. After a few rubs, reinsert into the outlet. Continue to file more off if the fit is still too tight.I finally got the DC outlet, and so far it's working fine.
It's kind of a cheap product, doesn't auto-connect and play Pandora like my other blue tooth devices. It does get the job done, but it could do it in a better way.
Maybe it'd work better if I didn't live in a big city. Too many radio stations, I guess. Too much of a headache when driving outside of a 5 mile radius from the LAST time I set the radio station to transmit from. If you live in the sticks, I have no doubt this'll work great for you...
This device works great for listening to my music from my phone through the bluetooth.  My car is older ('03 Jetta) so doesn't have any fancy things to listen to music store on my Galaxy S III through the car.  This has function has made my long commutes a bit more enjoyable.The auto-search for stations is a bid odd.  Mine seems to always go to an even station number which my car doesn't have.  Not sure if this is an older car issue or what.  I always have to move the station number up or down a notch which still seems to allow for the bluetooth to emit sound.I do have some issues with phone calls.  I haven't had one experience yet when a person stated I sound great via the blue tooth.  To be honest however, I haven't had that many phone calls using this function but when I have had them, the reception on the other end (according to my callers) hasn't been great.Again, I REALLY love this device for listening to my music and would give it 5 stars if that is all it was supposed to do.  Price is good for what you get, in my opinion.
This item is a good idea and works okay as long as you stay in one area.  As soon as you leave the area that you have syncronized your radio station  and GOgroove to, you may have to reset them to another weak station.  Also, if you are sending music from your phone by way of bluetooth and the GOgroove to your radio,  when you receive a call, it may not come through to the radio.  I do like this item for bluetoothing internet radio (like Pandora) from my smart phone to the cars radio.
Have two older cars, neither with audio ports. Got this for long trips. It's easy enough to tune. Generally, I turn my bluetooth volume up to max and then use the car stereo to control the volume. I haven't really played with the handsfree talking, other than one time and the wife said I sound terrible. Having that is a nice to have, but not why I chose this.
Most of the time it transmits decently, but the cord that hooks the device into the transmitter is wearing out and exposing the inside wires. I have had it for 3 months.
Foremost, this product delivers on supplying a Bluetooth car kit on the cheap. It does the basics well: connects to your phone automatically after power on and delivers audio into your existing radio. It also supplies power to your phone via a USB port. Pause/play, forward one track, and back one track functionality all work as advertised.The FlexSMART X2 supplies that audio to your radio either by broadcasting on an FM frequency or by a 3.5mm audio jack. Yes, the supplied audio is clear, but this is where my quibble starts. The bass response is anemic regardless of FM radio or direct 3.5mm connection. As best I can tell, this is not a bluetooth audio thing, but is related to the FlexSMART. (If I had to guess, I'd say there's a sharp roll off under 250 Hz or so). If I plug the 3.5mm jack directly into the phone, the bass sounds great.Outside the audio response issue, one other improvement area is the lighted buttons and display. They're simply too bright in a night-time driving situation. Dimming the lights would be an excellent addition.I plan to keep the FlexSMART for traveling because of the convenience, but for my everyday driver, I'm still going the route of plugging directly into the phone for audio.3 stars is minus 1.5 stars for poor bass response and minus 1/2 star for the bright display. The phone used is a Droid Razr.
It is easy to use and works fine. The extended wire-holder is very convenience for use. The microphone works fine and clear.  However, at a high level volume, from the car speakers, it has bad static noise which I think caused by the quality of the Bluetooth transferring frequency from the GOgroove to the FM radio frequency. It is very easy to search an available FM frequency for connection.It is a good item, but not quite as good as I wish it be.
While travelling on freeway and in traffic it is super noisy. Could not find way to reduce noise :(Rest of the places it works like magic. Very clear sound.
This is a nice looking device and well designed but I've had some frustration with it. The sound quality is OK and there is this annoying, faint, static behind all the music (I've tried 4 other vacant stations and the same results). When you want to turn the music up the quality isn't good and begins to break up. The other gripe I have is that it doesn't always automatically sync with my iPhone. I do have my bluetooth settings set to on but often have to go in and choose the gogroove. I was expecting better reception with this device.
best station feature did not work for me. otherwise decent! not quite worth money though. if that feature worked it be better
Don't be a fool like me!  Don't stick it in, push the button as the instructions say, and then tune it to what the device says.  Why?  Because my brilliant-minded self didn't realize it was a sticker (that looks like an actual screen) covering the screen with a station number.  I SWEAR they did this on purpose haha!  So, here I am tuning it to the station displayed on the device, and I get nothing but static.  That's because that sticker is too lifelike!  Peel the sticker off, click the button, tune it to what it says, and you're good to go.  The volume could be louder, which it's not, and the microphone could be a bit better, which again, it's not. Overall, good, but I hope they come out with an X3 version with these improvements.  Overall, Decent buy, but needs to be better to be ideal.
There is one thing I can't get to work at all: I can't adjust the volume using the little wheel - that only adjusts the FM tuner.Otherwise, on certain FM frequencies in certain locations, it delivers music nicely. I have to turn my car stereo volume up way high to get a good volume, but as long as I remember to turn it back down before I switch to my CD player or radio it's not a big deal.Using it as a speakerphone delivers my caller's voice clearly, but everyone I've talked to says I sound fuzzy.It charges the phone just fine.
If I turn the unit up all the way, turn my after market amp up all the way, and turn my stock car stereo up all the way, I can hear the music "well enough" when I'm driving on the freeway, provided my windows are rolled up. I'm not one who generally blasts my music so I suppose this is adequate in most cases.In Seattle, every single available frequency increment on the FM dial has a station broadcasting on it (usually commercials.) In some parts of the city, there are a couple of frequencies that sound relatively empty, so I have three or four I rotate between depending on which part of the city I'm in. Even when I do this frequency cycling, about 20% of the time there's a bunch of annoying static in the background when I'm playing music. (It would be nice if the unit would let me store station presets. I'd even pay extra if it could automatically switch to the preset with the least signal on it. The algorithm it uses to "auto-select" a station itself is not very good.)The FM antenna in my car is located probably three feet directly above the unit so I'm not sure if the poor FM signal is just a regulatory thing (output power limits) or what. I haven't tried other units like this so I can't really compare. Perhaps this is an inherent limitation of any product built on this principle.The interface is simple enough. Pairing, phone interface, USB charger are all very usable, but the quality of the listening experience leaves much to be desired.It's a bit annoying that it forgets the volume preset every time I shut the ignition off. I always have to max it again so I can hear it.The unit might be great if you live in a quiet, trafficless, rural area with fewer FM stations on the dial.
If you're buying this to go hands free, the speaker phone is awful,  but the simplicity and sound is really good.
Unlike the other devices that are sold in the GoGroove line, the description of this device wasn't as clear that it did not contain the iphone charging cable. FOr me, not a worry, I have several but buyer beware. Overall the pluses are great. Lightweight, does as advertise, creates a good signal that is fade and static free. True, the base is missing in bluetooth mode. I do have a high pitched whining noise when attaching the audio cable, not sure why. Will have to try again to see if it is gone. Occurs when I touch the cable jack against the iphone's metal case.
I bought the unit based on the good reviews.  It didn't work on the station it chose for me, but when I manually tuned it to a frequency I had used on my old iPod with a Griffin iTrip, it worked perfectly with my iPhone 5.  Having said that, the reviews where the unit doesn't last too long caused me to rate the product at only three stars.  Hopefully, over time, it will impress with its longevity so that I can up the review a star or two.  I like the way it functions, and would buy it again.
I gave it to my son.  He said it is works good, but is not loud enough.  Easy to sinc
Overall, I would say that this FM transmitter is okay. Not perfect, but also not a piece of junk either.I bought this after my tape adapter (yes, old school) took a dump on me. It's nice being able to turn bluetooth on my Galaxy Nexus and hear music through my car's speakers. However, here are the downsides:Once my bluetooth has connected, I have to make equalizer adjustments within my phone in order to get good sound quality. Otherwise, it just sounds like a tinny phone speaker. I also have to play with the volume on the FM transmitter unit to get good sound quality. I usually leave the volume at 28, but once I turn it up or down, then back to 28 it sounds great.It's almost impossible to get a CRYSTAL CLEAR station on this thing. I constantly find myself switching between stations in order to get rid of the static.Overall, this thing does sound great once you get it tuned in. However, it is pain to tune it in every time I get into my car.
I followed the steps given in the directions and had no trouble setting it up.  I used it on 2 different trips with little static. The reception is not as good close to larger cities, but in 16 hours of driving, I only turned it off once due to radio station interference.
I've had this for about a year now, and like the construction and ease of use, but after a few months it stopped synching well.  I'm now just using it for a charger, which was never the point.
2nd gogroove flex smart and it still has not given the sound quality that I expected. Same problem as the previous flex smart I had... I have to turn the volume up in my car significantly more than I would for the radio:/
Pros:*Easy to use.*Completely wireless interface between your Smartphone and Car Radio.*Decent performance for the price, given the limited choice of devices that provide a link to your FM radio.Cons:*Output volume transmitted to your radio isn't equal to the average radio station. I have to turn the radio volume WAY up to get a decent level.*Still a bit of intermittent static on the FM signal, no mater what frequency it's operating on. I'm constantly moving it around to try to eliminate the interference. This problem may have been insignificant if the output level was higher. I might have been able to keep the radio volume turned down and possibly mask the static.
Pairing and re-connecting to FlexSmart X2 is simple and easy! I would have given it 5 stars; if the sound quality of the music playing from my iPhone to my car's speakers, was great.I'm using an iPhone 5 to connect and a Sony head unit in my car. I've positioned the FlexSmart X2, just beside my Iphone 5 and both of them sits about 2 feet below the head unit. I've used a Belkin FM transmitter before with my Iphone 3GS and I can say that the sound quality of the music playing from my Iphone, is way better.Anyway, I'm still very satisfied with my purchase of FlexSmart X2 and would recommend it to anyone.
like the product, calls are pretty clear most of the time.  my truck is pretty loud, and the go flex picks up road noise like crazy, even the one in my wife's KIA picks up too much road noise.  We bought 2 of them, and talking to each other at the end of the day as we drive home is impossible due to too much breaking up.  Was hoping it would work better.
Purchased because of higher reviews.  Followed directions exactly on set up which is very simple.  The bluetooth sound is not so load over speakers and when you plug directly into phone, it sounds better but you hear a high pitch sound.  Its okay for $50 bucks to have hands-free calling and listening to Pandora.
pros - like the digital display, car charging plug with holder, easy to find stationcons - usb is for charging only, would like it for usb drive. volume control sucks if it works, push down to turn and it changes station, car plugs comes loose at times
This is my first review... I only purchased this item because it received outstanding reviews however this item is not any better than any other FM transmiter on the market... I heard static all the time and the sound quality was worse than the actual fm radio in my car... do not spend more money buying this item for music quality, it does not deliver what it promises.As for the bluetooth, I thought it worked extremely well! very good blue tooth/ hands free talking device, rock on! but i listen to music more than talk on the phone so i was bummed out i paid 50 bucks for this item.... hope my feedback helps
I hated the cords and its to bulky for my little car. Gave it to my bf and it still works after a year.
It wouldn't automatically sync with my phone when I got in my car. For those people who have LOTS of phone conversations while driving, this would probably work great.
Works very we'll but took me a while to figure out how to pair my phone with it because the instructions were not for this model
Doesn't hold stations very well.  Clarity is an issue.  Used for about 6 months but ended up replacing it.  Didn't use any of the other capabilities so can't comment beyond synching iPhone 5 to the car radio.
Picks stations that don't come up on radio dial when auto syncing have to adjust manually recieving some distortion and have no luck with knob becoming volume control probably operator error but instructions were vague. Bluetooth phone seemed to work ok.
Like all the other reviews said, the product is very easy to set up and use, and I had my iPhone paired with it in no time, brainless.  It reconnects instantly whenever I power it up, no problem.  I drive a large pickup, and its control panel in the middle is sometimes hard to reach, but GOgroove is really easy to position to where my hand naturally reaches to so I don't have to look down.  Control buttons for music work fine, and so do the phone call buttons.  Calls come in very clearly too, so operationally, this little thing works flawless and I'll give 5 stars.About the only downside of this product is the fact that it still is an FM transmitter.  Just like all the other FM transmitters, GOgroove is limited by availability of clear FM channels and how well they come in.  In larger cities where all the strong FM channels are already taken by radio stations and what's remaining may come in kinda spotty, on-and-off static noise does become an issue and, to me, rather annoying.  Also, you may need to increase the radio volume up in order to get the same level of audio output as, say, using AUX cable.  It's not really a product deficiency, but it does limit its usefulness, so 3 stars for me.
Its a really good device but I have to change stations a lot to get a clear signal. Other than that its a pretty cool device.
The FlexSmart does what it promises, it interfaces with the radio and connects with a Bluetooth device.  The problem is it transmits a poor sound quality so your albums sound washed out.  The first unit came damaged, but that can happen to anything and it was replaced quickly.
Obviously radio quality sound is terrible. And sending a radio signal after receiving a bluetooth signal is like stretching the sound twice. I don't recommend using the bluetooth receiver if you're going to have this receiver any distance away from your stereo. The radio quality it sends is bad, thankfully, I have a AUX adapter that I can plug into the top of this bluetooth receiver and send it to my car stereo that way. This makes it so that I'm only stretching the audio once, and music still sounds pretty good. Worth the money? Probably not.
This device was purchased on recommendation from a trusted friend. I've been anything but 100% satisfied it it, however. I'm hoping this has more to do with the fact that Bluetooth is a floating target of standardization and my particular handset's implementation of the technology is merely struggling to deal with the GOgroove FlexSMART X2's idea of what Bluetooth is supposed to be.I'm not sure if I should bother attempting to return it, but I'm finding myself increasingly convinced I should the more I type. I think some other reviewers said the company is fairly aloof when it comes to support, so now I'm becoming increasingly jaded.Here's what I wanted to happen with this device:-Use my phone's Bluetooth feature to play music and podcasts in my carAnd here's what I got with this device:-Mystifying quirkiness aboundNow for a handy, legible outline:I. MystifyingA. Baffling behavior of the GOgroove FlexSMART X21. Frustrating inconsistency of the pairing action2. Device actually freezes my Nexus 4, crippling it until I power down the GOgroove FlexSMART X2II. QuirkinessB. Product delights me one minute and the next minute I'm fantasizing about hurling it into a ditch at 75mph1. Pressing pause will work, but pressing play doesn't work, even though it worked a few seconds ago2. It makes the pairing confirmation tone, but my phone no longer comes out of standbyIII. AboundC. Product never fails to mess with my head1. Every day I have tried using the product, the product proves itself tryingIV. Bonus Outline TopicD. My phone works perfectly with all other Bluetooth devicesMy three star review is justified due to the one merit I must acknowledge. When working properly, the GOgroove transmits an excellent, static-free signal. The fidelity is comparable to a hard-wired 1/8&#34; connection to your head unit. If only it worked the way it was supposed to. If it did, I'd happily edit this review and tell you why it's the last Bluetooth transmitter you'll ever need.But for now, I drive in complete silence for endless stretches, quietly agonizing and dissecting everything in a way that proves unequivocally that like me, your mileage may vary.
I did a lot of research before deciding on a device that would play my music from my iPhone 4. This device does it well. And as an added bonus I can use it as a bluetooth call answering handsfree device. The quality of the sound is ok. Not as clear as when I use my phone in my husband's new Kia that has bluetooth built in to his car stereo. For the price it was worth it. It stands up straight and does not flop down. People say they can hear me well when I use the handsfree calling feature.
I bought this for a Mercedes C-300. Here is the thing: I let this unit find the best channel by pressing the knob but when I try to tune the car radio to the "best channel", in most cases, the radio will just jump past that channel. For example, if the unit says that the best channel is 88.4, then the car radio will go from 88.1 to 88.7, even if I hard tune the frequency (type "go to 88.4"). Now the quality of the sound isn't the greatest but this could be because of the mentioned situation. Otherwise, the unit is good in looks, ergonomics, charging the phone and so on. The other problem is that not all "best channels" that are discovered by the unit are clear. Out of the 10 it picked, only 1 works for me. Sometimes, it picked a channel that had my favorite radio station that was loud and clear and then, the unit would compete with that and it would be a messy experience.Some reviewers said that the base was a bit weak with this unit but in my car, the base is way too strong compared to what comes over the radio for the same songs.
Seems to work pretty well I have used it for charging my phone, playing music through bluetooth and also talking on the phone through bluetooth.  Sometimes you can hear static in the background it is hard to find a perfectly clear station but I guess thats what happens with an FM transmitter.  My major complaint is that it sometimes &#34;skips&#34; when I am listening to music, like the music will just stop playing and then it takes a few seconds to start playing again.  The other day it was doing it all day which became frustrating and annoying so I just turned it off.  Haven't tried to connect with any of the cables yet but the main reason I bought it was because of the bluetooth feature, I didn't want all the wires and clutter of that.
The set up was really easy and fast, but the audio is not that sharp, other comments say wonders about this thing but it is not that great.
The \ audio quality hasn't been that great, but it the usb charging feature and the bluetooth work well.  Would recommend.
The forward & reverse buttons don't work on it in my car (1993 Subaru - but i also have not had a chance to look in the book to see if there is something i need to do, but i doubt it). I mainly got it to play my 7th generation iPod. It works great for that & I use the controls on my iPod. But for the money I paid for it (almost $50.00) you would think they would work no matter what kind or how old you car is - it plugs into your cigarette lighter adaptor.
I like this tool in every way except one. The microphone is worthless. People on the receiving end of a phone call, say it sounds very tinny; like a transistor radio. Other than that, the sound quality of music coming through the radio from my phone is excellent. The pause and forward/reverse controls are used ALL of the time. Even the flexible gooseneck is a nice feature. I continue to get a lot of use from this device.
I was excited to get this item and initially it worked very well with my Android smartphone for music and calls.  However, it is very &#34;tempermental&#34; with my cigarette lighter.  Two different cell phone chargers work fine when I plug them in, but with this device I have to jiggle it around to find the right position, or it won't power on.  Driving on a bumpy road may cause it to get knocked out of position, resulting in a burst of static.  I have the same issue using it in my wife's car.  I've also had to replace the fuse twice.When it's good, it's great but the power system really needs to be more reliable.
This was my first experience with a FM Transmitter for Bluetooth or music. If I had to do it again, I would have passed on this deal. It is great to have a phone call go through my car speakers. And it is nice to have my music automatically go quiet for phone calls. However, the transmission through the FM station is very iffy. And the automatic search for a free station does not work very well.
My x2 broke after three months of use. Which isn't very long consider it's $50. I really enjoyed using it and have put off buying another one due to the fact it broke at the base. It worked well for my iphone though, with some allowed static. It was also quite large, and while driving my manual it would often be in the way. Please make a better quality one! I am considering the x3.
My main reason for purchasing this was to listen to my audiobooks that I download to my phone.  It works perfect for that.  I have seen other reviewers say they cannot find a station that will allow this to work but I found one no problem.  However, that being said, I tried using with my music and the clarity is not what I would have liked.  I'll have to stick with burning CDs for now.  The secondary reason to purchase this was for a hands free unit...it only works so so for that.  Mic doesn't pick up as well as I wold like and one thing I completely overlooked was that fro this to work with your phone you have to have the stereo on.  Makes sense but I didn't put 2 and 2 together...that's my fault.  Also, need to crank up the volume to hear someone speaking and to hear audiobooks well.  If I switch to music/CDs and forget to turn down it's painful.  As for design and connect-ability, I love it.
I think this is an okay for a wireless Bluetooth  This works well when everything connects right, at  times it does not respond to the connection.  If you are looking for a low cost Bluetooth that can pair with the speakers in your car.  This might work out okay for you.
Good - Bluetooth connection with the mobile phone works well, it is able to find a suitable FM channel quickly, sound quality is good, without any major static or interruptions.Bad - Wired connection between mobile phone and unit was terrible.  Both sound volume and quality were unacceptable.  Volume had to be turned up all the way both on the FM unit and car stereo to hear anything, plus the sound quality was very poor.  This was rather surprising as I would have expected better quality with a wired connection vs. bluetooth.
This product is good but not great, no matter what it you hear stactic!! Have turn car stereo up almost full blast to hear good!! Also using the hands-free again the volume issue, i have to turn up almost all the way to hear and person on other end can barely hear me!! I would have to say that i am dissapointed in the product..;(
Good:  The X2 was simple to setup and to quickly start using from the box.  The quickstart guide was helpful. Bluetooth paired easily with my LG phone.  Finding an available FM station is a snap. The sound is decent although not incredible; it's better if the FM station is completely clear. The unit is a bit smaller than I expected, it's not obtrusive. It remembers the previous settings after turning off and restarting your car later (updated: only the station setting, not the volume which is annoying). The flex cable is sturdy yet easy to adjust (updated: gets more flimsy over time).Not so good:  The included micro-USB cable does not work with my LG phone; I have read several other reviews and this seems common with various phones.  It's too short anyway.  Luckily I had an inexpensive spare cable onhand which works with it. The USB charger is weaker than other power sources I use to charge my phone. The default for the volume control seems backward; ideally the dial should default to volume control and then push to switch FM channel, since changing volume occurs more frequently. There are many codes you have to memorize what they mean when certain lights are flashing; or just keep the manual handy in the car with you.  The volume could be louder, the maximum level 30 is a tad weak. This is true even if your phone's volume control is also at max. You can also increase volume from your car radio's control; despite not being recommended in the manual. The reason that is if the connection gets interrupted or your radio channel switches by mistake, you could damage your speakers (or your ears) which will be much louder than when the X2 is connected.Overall, I am pleased with the purchase and it was a good price. Actually I give this 3.5 stars, but Amazon does not do half stars, so I rounded up since I am generally happy with it. Also I have not had a chance to try the hands free phone feature, so I do not know how well that works. Hopefully I will not need to update this review due to inferior durability.  Updated:  the hands-free works ok, but not great. Sound is subpar but gets the job done for calls that are not too important while driving.Updated:  After a year and half of usage my opinion has lowered and dropped from 4 to 3 stars.  It only remembers the tuning setting but not the volume.  And you always have to press the button to go to the volume.  This is backwards since you change the volume much more often than the tuner.  The cable is very delicate, barely touching it or hitting a bump while driving causes the power to disconnect or reboot.  And over time it becomes more flimsy; no matter how you have it set it eventually sags lower than you want.  I would have gladly paid a little more for this product if they had originally addressed these considerable design flaws and added a bit more quality to it. But surprised it still works for such a cheaply made product; I use it every day.
If you live in the NYC this is NOT a good product for you because all the tall buildings and weak signals will have you frustrated trying to listen to your music as all the stations you try go in and out while you drive. As soon as I get to queens with slightly lower buildings I notice the stations get clearer and quality gets MUCH better. This product will do its job but obviously not in areas with tall buildings.
First things firt - the only reason I am giving it a 3-star instead of 5 is because the particular piece that I received was defective and I had to return it; the transmitter would only transmit to the left speakers (not in Stereo) and this proved to be extremely annoying and unacceptable.  The return process through Amazon was a breeze and 5-star to Amazon for ease of purchase/return.  They provided a shipping label for UPS and  a full refund as soon as the item was received.That said - this is an excellent product; well conceived with cool features.  Very intuitive and easy to set up and synchronize with your iPhone (or whatever BT enabled device).  The controls are pretty easy and straightforward.  I particularly liked the fact that it has a USB output for charging and also Audio In and Audio Out so that it can be used iPhone-->Audio-->FM and also iPhone-->Bluetooth-->Aux in addition to the default iPhone-->Bluetooth-->FM scheme.  Playlists can be paused, forwarded etc from the transmitter controls itself.  Also, it seamlessly allows you to make and receive phone calls through your car's audio system also.  Music fades when you receive/make calls and comes back up when the call is done.If it hadn't been for the particular defective part that I got, I would have surely given this a 5-star.  I was going to order it again from Amazon itself but then was a bit worried if an entire batch of the product had the Stereo tranmssion issue so decided to buy my replacement from Walmart.com (same price).  I have had it for about a week now from Walmart and don't see the issue there so it must have been the specific part I happened to get.
I like this device but the mic isn't great and in my new car it hits the A/C button.  When I travel, I have to constantly change to a new channel because of so much interference in the area.
Product works well as described.The VOLUME IS MUCH LOWER THAN THE Satechi.though it has the bluetooth.. volume still too low.
i loved this product for a while. unfortunately, after using it for a few months it slowly started falling apart. it would connect but the top part of it kept coming loose for some reason. it was great for talking on the phone and listening to music. i was definitely disappointed when it stopped working.
Product works most of the time.  Have had a few hiccups here and there.  Dropping and reading bt device has corrected.
I bought the flexsmart x2 for about 50 bucks and for the price its not all that.  I dont know if its my radio but when I have my cell sync to the device and I want to listen to music the volume sounds very low. Even if the volume is all the way up in my cell I still have to turn up my radio to the a high volume level. That creates a problem when I turn off the device because the radio on the car is super loud. When I get a call the ringer is super loud but the voice comes in low. So my ears hurt if I get a call.  The sync was awsome and super easy just follow the steps. It comes with a usb cable that was compatible with my galaxys4 so if you have an iphone you might wanna get a cable to charge it in your car. The device works good is just the volume issue. Again I havent tried it in another car only my own so I dont know if its my car stereo or the device.
It works well but its worth 30 bucks. For some reason, when I take incoming calls, its not through my car speakers but phone speakers.
It was working just as I expected until today. Now it doesn't work at all. The device won't power on and I've barely had it a year. I'm a bit disappointed that it went out already.
The usb cable to charge my Galaxy phone broke very easylly and not any USB cable works  now I am in trouble because the bluetooth consumes a lot of the battery and to charge my phone must disconnect the device
I have been using the Flexmart X2 product for about three months and then I switched from my old B'Berry to S3.  Had difficulty pairing initially and since then there's no sound coming out from the product to the car's auxiliary port. Have just filed for warranty claim.  Will update soon.
No better than any other phone to FM I have tried.  Add claimed it was the best.Nice features and buttons and charger and size but not enough power to cancel out Local FM.However, I live where there is no 100% free band.
I have tried 2 different times to get this to work.  The first time, I thought it was just not great for calls, but was satisfied with the music, but then after seeing all the reviews on how well it works with calls, i figured I got a bad one.  So I returned it to find out that this second one also doesn't work well with calls.  It might be my phone (evo 4g lte) my car (honda pilot) or me?  I dunno.But for music it's good.  I like that it has a line out port because I prefer to listen to music through the tape deck rather than the FM transmitter.  I still try to use it for calls.  Maybe it will work better once it gets warmer.  I have tried calling my voicemail and leaving messages as well and it's horrendous.  I'm so disappointed with that.
This Bluetooth FM transmitter does what it says, though the sound is rather lacking in bass. Very little interference though, and works well enough for the audiobooks I tend to listen to on my commute. The flexible neck is nice and lets me position the device so it's more discreet.The volume/control knob on my unit is very flaky and volume/station jumps back and forth as I turn the knob in one direction. It eventually gets there though, and I can't be bothered to get it exchanged as I do use it daily.
If I could get more than one station static free, the review would be higher.  I have made calls on it, but I haven't actually been able to talk to anyone, as I was just leaving messages.  I had to drive to Santa Monica and was constantly switching stations to find one that was static free.  I didn't find one.  Once I got back to San Diego, the one station transmitted fine without static.
I like the GoGroove for the most part. The connection to my phone does not always connect though. Which is kinda a pain in the groove. But I am trying to work it out with my phone. Other than that it is a good. sometimes it does have a bit of static but I change the station and it is fine.
I drive an older car, one with neither Bluetooth nor an auxiliary port. With this FM transmitter, I get both. I typically prefer to use the Bluetooth instead of the auxiliary line in because I prefer having less wires to get tangled up in. It works fairly well, I use mine daily on my commute. The unit comes with a few cables for whatever you might want to connect to it, but the only one I've found useful is the M/M 3.5mm audio cable. The micro USB cable just isn't thick enough to charge my phone. You can purchase a thicker micro USB cable elsewhere though, and it will be able to charge your phone, so if you only have one lighter port, you don't need to compromise between having an FM transmitter or a phone charger. This will do both.The gooseneck is great to have. For whatever reason, my car's lighter happens to be underneath the cup holder. With the flexible gooseneck, I can place a drink above the base of the unit and still have access to the controls. The power button on the base is also nifty to have, the display is somewhat bright, especially at night, and I don't always use it, so it's nice to be able to turn it off without having to unplug the whole thing.Only issues I've had may be my phone's problem more than the Flexmsart, but I'll point them out anyway. My phone (Android) used to be able to transmit phone calls over my speakers. It no longer does that, but it may be an incompatibility issue with Gingerbread. Since I'm already paired up to the Flexsmart, I can't pair it to a headset (not that I own one anyway), so I can't be handsfree if a call comes in. It provided decent audio when it did work, although I did have to yell a bit in my car for the other person to hear.  The other issue is with the audio controls. This may also be an Android specific issue, but I find some music players will work with it, some won't, and some will supersede other players already playing music (both will be playing different songs simultaneously). As a result, I've stopped using the controls on the Flexsmart itself.
The product connects to my Droid easily and plays internet music with moderate quality sound. I honestly feel Bluetooth FM transmitting is old technology and will never match the quality of audio input music. Ultimately the product works and gets the job done.
This item was more or less as it was described. It works pretty well. Audio quality is certainly not what I would call great. I can almost always detect at least a small amount of static in the background, although changing stations helps, it's annoying. It's less noticable at higher volumes. I find that it actually works really well in speakerphone mode, although I do talk loud. Overall, OK.
So i bought this because i'm getting a new iPhone case, one without access to the 30 pin connector. I needed a way to get my music playing and i only had a radio, cd player and cassette adapter. I didn't want 5 cords just to play and charge, so i thought of bluetooth. This thing not only charges my phone via the powered usb port to my iPhone case via micro usb cable, but plays my music through my stereo. Perfect. Well, not quite.The build is great. The gooseneck isn't flimsy and holds up great during a drive with no bouncing around. The buttons and knobs feel and work great.Functionality. Well my phone easily connected to it. Finding a clear station is hard to find though. You could use MyBestFM by belkin(google it) to find stations that should be clear in your area. Even still when i do connect i do find some static. When playing music, you really have to turn up your radio for some reason. Turning it up too much though, you'll hear static. Call quality is about the same. You have to turn it way up to hear them, but they can hear you just find which is good. Way better than holding your phone or having to try to hear in on the quiet speaker phone.I'm pretty happy with the purchase, just wish the audio quality was a bit better without the static, but that may have something to do with the stations i've selected.
I've tried these type of FM transmitters several times over the past decade, with basically same disappointing results.There is generally too much noise in the air to make the experience worth the trouble. The station auto-finder actually does a great job quickly finding the clearest station, however, sometimes even the clearest station has some noise, and if you do get one that is noise-free, it will probably not last for more than 5-10 minutes and then you have to look for another.Now, granted, I live in an urban environment where I imagine the FM bands are overcrowded. If you live away from a city, this might actually work for you.In the city though, this type of device is next to useless. Which I suppose is not really the fault of this device, but rather that the technology itself has limitations.I give it 3 stars, because the product itself is made well, and has some really great features such as auto-finder and bluetooth hands free calling, but because it's only usable outside the city areas, it makes it's usability fairly limited.
It serves its purpose quite well. However, it isn't very steady and the pieces fall apart quite easily. Because of this I just keep it plugged in all the time in fear of the small metall pieces and fuse falling out and getting lost. Despite that it charges the phone and the bluetooth is good.
THis product has trouble pairing with my Galazy S2 every now and then and I must restart both devices several times before either will work.
This Bluetooth FM transmitter works good, pairs easily and has all the stuff you need for it to work. Sound quality is poor to medium quality if there are another radio stations in your way. If you live in urban areas do not buy this, as you are only going to hear noise.
La calidad del sonido es muy buena. Se conecta super bien. LLego rapido y sin mayores contratienpos. Es facil de usar.
It's pretty small. But my cigarette lighter is not at a convenient location. It makes me not that easy to reach.Saw something on kickstarter, you guys may want to check out[...]
It's not often that I leave product reviews on Amazon. Typically I only leave reviews for products that either exceed my wildest expectations, or products that leave me feeling deceived, misled, or highly disappointed. This review is neither of those. Obviously, thousands of people have purchased this product that are very happy with it. And I do not seek to invalidate any of those reviews. I simply want to warn those prospective buyers who live or work in bigger, more populated cities know that the product's functionality may not match your expectations.When I purchased this product, I couldn't wait to hook it up. At last, an affordable medium for high-quality musical output with the added bonus of a hands-free bluetooth in my 2001 Honda Accord. What more could you ask for? It sounded too good to be true. And it was.  What could be better? Or so I thought. Turns out a lot could be better.  I have nothing bad to say about either the blue tooth or the physical mechanics of the device, but then again I only had it hooked up for all of three days before I cut my losses and went back  to the age-old aux-to-cassette player cable that I've had in my car for years. It's looking like I'll have it for a few more. It's hard to believe a $10 adapter has better output than the  GoGroove FlexSMART X2, but that's the reality when compared to this product.If you live in a city or find yourself driving through one often, I would think twice before you buy this product. While I obviously cannot definitively speak to whether this problem is specific to my city, Seattle, or if the problem is more pervasive in any major metropolitan area. Within city limits, The functionality of the FM Transmitter is shoddy at best. If you are convinced this product is the new-generation of Apple's original MP3-radio transmitter--a product that left just as soon as it arrived once people grew sick and tired of searching for a new FM radio station every 5 minutes. Flash forward 6-8 years later and you'll find its 2013 replica in the Gogroove FlexSMART X2, just with new wireless capabilities and the latest bluetooth technology.Another knock against this product is the algorithm it uses to automatically &#34;find you an open station.&#34; This function is useless as it does not find you the station that will provide you with the highest quality sound output, but rather the station nearest to your current station on the dial. What's more, is the product's inability to save/store stations that you find to provide adequate sound output. Thus, in the off chance you find an open station with great sound quality, make sure you write it down or drill it into your memory; otherwise, good luck finding it the next time you get in your car.Finally, I should mention that when I searched for the term &#34;Seattle&#34; under &#34;all product reviews,&#34; almost all of the reviews the search returned were negative, all citing the same issue - the low-quality of the FM-transmitter. Similarly, under a search for &#34;city,&#34; I found reviews along the same lines. It's very possible that the device works flawlessly in rural areas, yet poses problems for those who live and commute in cities with a significant FM radio presence.To me, the bluetooth technology, though very cool and convenient, is not worth a compromised music quality. If I had a newer car complete with an audio-in port (thereby eliminating the need to play music over an open FM station), this would have been a very worthwhile purchase for the user-friendly hands-free bluetooth calling and the cordless benefits it provides. But unless your vehicle is one that already has an audio-in port that the GoGroove can connect to directly (cord is included), for a product that inherently involves static noise by relying on radio frequencies for sound output -- your money could be better spent elsewhere.
Pros:Wonderful for streaming to the radioCharges phone and has a line out featureFM modulation sounds very good compared to other onesbluetooth sync is greatCons:The voice calling sucksBluetooth calls are possible, but everyone i spoke to says it sounds awfulI decided to keep it because the bluetooth sync to play music is super easy and works great.  But i bought a different bluetooth earpiece because the one this one provides sucks
Meh, it's ok.  I live in a big city, San Diego, and when there is traffic, this thing is pretty worthless.  I'm kinda an audiophile, and this thing gets sooo much static if there are more than a few cars around mine.  I still haven't figured out the bluetooth feature, so I can't rate it 100%, but so far, it's not amazing but it's not worthless.
It set up well, works fine just not a good fit for my dad's Avalon.  The charging location is in a bad spot in his counsel so it is always falling out.  Need to work out a better situation.  For others I am sure it is fine.
The item connects well. But keeps on losing connection while on the road. It is difficult to re set while driving w/out risking an accident. The product needs updating / improvement.
Every time I use it I have to set the max volume setting.  It says &#34;30&#34; but isn't actually  30 until I turn it down and back up.  It doesn't pair successfully with my Garmin Zumo 665 on the first try all the time. I'd throw the thing in the trash but I detest throwing money away.
Possibly a major flaw: if I leave my cell phone plugged in to the FlexSmart for charging, after a while the cell phone will get very hot and a message pops up: "Battery overheating, charging is paused."  Whatever electronics is needed to regulate charging current is absent in the FlexSmart.When you are not using the FlexSmart, it can cause static on other radio stations if the FlexSmart is left turned on.I've used this in a 2000 Ford Ranger truck and a 2003 Honda CR-V, in conjunction with Waze voice navigation, Spotify music streaming, and TuneIn radio streaming from a Samsung Galaxy S3.I also use it as a hands free phone.  It works surprisingly well for this, in my noisy truck.  However, my Ford Ranger has a cigarette lighter high up on the dash, so the control head which contains the microphone is right next to my right hand, near the 2 o'clock position of the steering wheel.  In the Honda CR-V, the cigarette lighter is down near the floor, and in that situation it doesn't work so well as a hands free phone because the microphone is too far away.I found it easy to pair with the S3 and it sends a good signal to the radio.  Bluetooth is inherently low fidelity audio, and it shows in this application.  Although most music and voice sounds reasonably good, piano music is pretty wretched.  I don't think this is a problem with the FlexSmart, it's just typical of a bluetooth audio stream.Be aware that the FlexSmart requires that your car radio must be tuned to an unused FM station frequency to work.  That means you will not be able to overlay voice navigation nor phone conversations over your favorite radio station.  I overcame this limitation by installing the TuneIn app on my cellphone, which allows me to stream local radio stations over data connection.  However, I have an unlimited data plan, so this may not be an option to many people.For me, typical usage of the FlexSmart has my Galaxy S3 sitting on my dash in a holder at the 1 o'clock position with a short USB cable connected to the FlexSmart for charging.  I'll be using the Waze voice navigation app to guide me to my next job address.  I'll be streaming music via Spotify or a local radio station via TuneIn.  The Waze app temporarily mutes the streaming music when it makes a navigation announcement.  When I get an incoming call, I either tap the phone screen to answer which also mutes the streaming music, or the phone answers automatically if I remembered to put it in car mode.By the way, the FlexSmart has "next cut" buttons on the control head, and these do work with Spotify to jump to the next song.For safety, before pulling away from the parking spot, I make sure to activate and pair the FlexSmart, program the Waze destination and initiate the audio streaming source.  Once on the road, these applications require almost zero attention.
The sound quality with this device is not great.  It seems to transmit very little low end (bass) to my car stereo compared to my other FM transmitter.  But unfortunately, my other transmitter is so old that it's compatible with my iTouch, but not my iPhone 4S.  If you mostly listen to talk radio or comedy, this device is 5-stars for you.
I have an iPhone 5S, and i had more devices before with poor quality of sound. This device has a very good quality of sound to hear music and don't suffer interference, by the other side i still trying to use the bluetooth to make calls with my iPhone 5S and until now is not working, but for me the important functionality is the music, then is ok in my case.
I bought and received this in mid April. Very easy to set up and use in my car with my iphone.  I loved it.  Then 3 days later it simply stopped working.  Attempted several solutions including plugging it into a another car's cigarette lighter and still no power.  I have no clue as to what happened. I mailed it back to Amazon and received a prompt refund.  I'm tempted to buy another since, when it was working, it worked very well but will first check out reviews for other brands.
The quality of your music depends upon the FM station(s) you have available in your area. I can't seem to find one that doesn't pick up some hissing static in the background, or the broadcast music doesn't drown put the music from my old iPhone.
I was so excited to get this highly reviewed transmitter. I put it into my car immediately and it worked fantastic! For two minutes. I was in the middle of my first phone call and the head-piece went dark, dropped the call, and it hasn't worked since. :(  We are sending it back via amazon, so hopefully they will give us a full refund. If we get a full refund I will definitely be buying this again, because hopefully it was just a short in that particular one, and the other reviews are so fantastic I am willing to give it another try!Dec 27, received the replacement very quickly, and it is working well. It is kind of awkward in my Infiniti because I keep hitting it when reaching for the shifter, but it totally depends on your car's layout. I am happy with the replacement.
This is honestly the best devise I have owned when it comes to listening to my iphone in the car.  It is very clear, easy to set up, has just enough controls, and it can charge your phone.  The only thing (and I mean the ONLY thing) that prevents me from giving a 5 star rating is that sometimes it doesn't turn on in my car.  It has done this a couple of times now and it leaves me fearful of the possibility that there will be a day when it stops working.  Thankfully, it doesn't last long after taking it out a few times and trying to turn it on again. Other than that, it is the best way to listen to your music hands free in the car!
Sound quality transmitted to radio is not so good, it depends on the location you are...sometimes is ok sometimes not.
The device started out good the first 2 weeks. However, I started hearing a hissing noise in the background. The pitch of noise increased as the cars speeds up. The hissing goes away when I turn off the device. The hissing goes away when I wiggle the wires the hissing goes away. I haven't tried the phone feature.
I enjoyed this product immensely. It worked perfectly with my Samsung galaxy s3 played music and movies perfectly with very little static. Plus the ability for it to find clear radio stations on its own was a great touch, Great deal for only $50 only issue I had was that it broke at the base just last week, I&#8217;ve tried looking around to see if I can buy a base for it since the receiver works perfectly but GoGroove doesn&#8217;t make just a base. Now I have a receiver that works fine but the base isn&#8217;t able to plug into my car anymore.
Not as clear sounding as I would like. Easy to install and use. Nice it turns on and off with car.
So I got this FM Transmitter which sounded impressive from reading other reviewers and from the description. But what is good with this if the FM transmission is the quality deciding factor? Perhaps because I live in the city where there isn't any channels that are free, and without static! The quality of sound is terrible! Now it is not the problem with this piece, I have bought another one of cheaper brand and it was the same terrible quality of FM transmission. My complain is the packaging in that it is the we hate it vacuum plastic that you must break it to get to the piece. They do that to discourage customers from returning! For that I will give it 3 stars as I would not be able to use this. I will have to go back to my cassette player connection to MP3 player which is still decent with the sound quality.
Somewhat disappointed. It's true that this device is very easy to pair and to operate. My disappointment lays in the sound quality. It sounds flat and muffled like a pillow was placed on the speaker. The cassette adapator I was using had better sound but also a bad humming noise but it was only seven bucks not fifty.For now I will continue using the X2 in hopes that it will grow on me. I do like not having the wires for the cassette adaptor and charger hanging all over so this is a cleaner look.
This product works well in one of my car, no nose at all. But when I install on other cars, there is noise. Don't know why.
With all the great reviews I was excited, but when I tried to use this in my Honda Civic, it was disappointing.  I thought maybe it was my .... factory speakers but then tried it in my husband's F150 with his aftermarket sound system and it still sounded poor.I'd buy something for $20 and not get my hopes up next time.
I have not used this one much, because I just use it with my Galaxy Note II to play music when I am traveling. It looks nice and it fit perfectly in car. Eventhough, the sound seems to stop for a few seconds and then it restarts, from time to time. I still have to use it a little more to figure out what can be wrong.
This product works ok.Pros:- Easy to install- Long arm allows for decent positioning.- Has USB port, but it did not work well. My friend tried charging his Blackberry while driving, and the power was intermittent- Music sound is decent, not great- Sound on phone calls is good, not great. A little static sometimes- Bluetooth link to my iPhone worked well, especially for maneuvering within a playlistCons:- Had to switch Fm stations often when static occurred- Power went out  easily when I press buttons. I think it's because this cigarette input does not work with my cigarette lighter well for some reason- Positioning did not work for me too well, since I have a stick shift car. I  kept on hitting it by accidentOverall a decent product, but nothing special. I guess pretty good for $50? I had to install a new navigation/stereo unit with bluetooth instead. If you have a nice car, this might not work so well. It is kind of conspicuous. I hope I can return this.I gave this too my friend to use. He had the same conclusion: ok product, not great. He said the music did not come through very clearly. He gave it back to me.
We live in a big city, so this item does not work for us.  There are not many open fm stations to use, and the few ones get crosstalk from others as we drive around.  Maybe on a rural town would be fine.
Some static, perhaps I just need to try a different channel setting. I'm in a big city, so that could have something to do with it. Directions for setting up pretty much suck, but we eventually got it up and running; now it's no problem. Tried a different bluetooth for the car before this one and it's much better. Depending on your dash setup, it might configure better or worse. The gooseneck helps. Overall, it works.
It's incredibly challenging to get a decent signal here in Seattle. I was mostly hoping for something that would work well when I drive down to Portland (~3 hours). It's ok, but it's really hard to take calls, and I feel like I have to scream. I'm glad to have a charger, and it's nice when it works, but I guess I was hoping for a little more.
I used this religiously for a lil over a yr. For the most part it worked well. Not to sure if I'm gonna repurchase another one or find another product similar to this one. It no longer works after using it for lil over a yr.
I am not a hard to please person, however, I found this product to be lacking in voice quality. Bad enough where I had to have my wife repeat herself when she used it in her car. Is it worth the money? I would say yes because it's still better than holding a phone to your head when driving. The audio quality of music is good for this type of device. I will probably purchase another for when I travel, in rental cars.
This unit does not send the FM signal too well.  It only has to send signal from my dashboard to the antenna about few feet away but no matter what frequency I tried, the signal cuts in and out.  Only if I had a way to fine tune the frequency on the unit.... It works great for bluetooth connection for my iPod Touch and iPhones 3 and 4S.  I ended up using a wired output from the unit to my wired input to my radio for best result.
My primary purpose for purchasing this item was to play audio from my Bluetooth enabled phone.  That works flawlessly for me.  It wasn&#8217;t until a friend saw it and asked how it sounded for phone use, I didn&#8217;t know so later I called him so that he could hear for himself.  It performed poorly.  The device was closer than arm&#8217;s length and he could barely hear me.  Didn&#8217;t make a difference to me because like I stated at the beginning, I use it to play music via Bluetooth from my cell phone.In addition, the item is of a nice quality.  Not cheaply made and there is nothing about that makes me feel as though I would break through normal use.  When playing music, for the best sound and avoiding constant use of the item&#8217;s volume control, I set the item&#8217;s volume at 28.  Setting at 30 caused some distortion of the music coming through.
It works by using your fm radio to transmit sound.  I bought one of these for my wife's brand new Honda accord but ended up giving it away because it was just too clunky to use...and who wants of these sticking out of a brand new car.  I ended up buying a blue tooth adapter made to fit into the back of the car's radio that uses the buttons built in the cars steering wheel.  It was about 150 and two hours of my time....well worth it!
This product worked great at first.  It saved  me hundreds of dollars so I did not have to upgrade my factory radio to Bluetooth.  Now, after only a few months, the thing keeps crapping out.  If I hit a few bumps in the road, it loses Bluetooth connectivity.  Sometimes the lights on it dims like this is some sort of short in the wiring.  Now I have to hope and pray there is some sort of warranty on the thing so I can either get my money back or exchange it for a new one.  Don't get me wrong, when the thing worked it was awesome but now that it flaked out on me, I'm expectedly disappointed.
This product was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter. I recently moved from California, which has a hands-free cell phone law while driving, so I thought my daughter would need this product. She told me that Texas has no such law as yet. I've had no feedback so cannot review the product.
This product worked exactly as advertised with my Iphone 4s. Plugged it in, turned it on, starting playing music and podcasts over my truck speakers immediately. I use an auxilary power socket to charge my phone, if necessary, so have not experienced any of the interference noise others have mentioned, which was a concern in ordering this device. I rate this item as a '3.5' because personally I don't particularly care for the appearance and it is twisting around in the socket a little. Also it makes a loud, annoying BLEEP when it turns on/synchs and you do have to turn up the volume. But couldn't be happier with ease of installation and solid performance. The microphone works well as well as the controls for answering calls, pause/play, and next/last track.
I saw the reviews & thought to try how it is.  At first, I really liked it & was excited b/c I can listen to music (fr. my iphone) connected via bluetooth through my car radio.  Then after a few days, the sound was not clear & I keep on having to change the radio stations. That's fine b/c I don't really need to listen to music.  I bought it to talk, but the person on the other line couldn't hear me well (they have to guess what I said since the sound was far away even though I can hear them (somewhat)).  Sigh....Anyway it's working OK.  I'm not too much of a fan for it.
When I first received the FlexSmart, it was flawless. The sound quality was great, connection was easy, even the handsfree calling was great. However, over time, the plug started to wear and not sit in the outlet right. At first it wasn't bad, it would fall out of the outlet but I'd fix it in like 5 seconds. Now it almost never stays in the outlet. I've tried so many things to fix it but nothing works. I wish I would've gotten the Mini version of this because without the flexible next of the FlexSmart, I don't think it would fall out of the outlet so easily. When I can get it to work for several minutes though, it sounds great. I think I must have just gotten a bad one.
Music is great but phone calls suck. I have to raise my voice for the other person to hear me. I mainly use the music player but on the off chance I have to talk on the phone(usually on long road trips) I struggle trying to have a conversation with the other person.
At first I loved this product. It let me play music from my phone without any wiring.It even has music controls on it so I just leave the phone in my pocket.But people tell me that they cannot hear me well when I use it for calls.I can hear them fine, but they say I sound faint and distant--even when I'm almost yelling.
The transmitter has no problem connect to my Sony Ericsson LT5i, and very quick finding a good channel. However, it seems is not good for paring my iTouch (3G, iOS 5.0.1) via bluetooth. It does have connection but kept break intermittently, and couldn't listen music. I don't know if anyone else has the same problem or just my iTouch, so I have to use audio wire (included in the package) connection to play music, but lost advantage of bluetooth technology.
the sound quality sucks and every time i'm on the highway, I hear this annoying high piched tone....For what I paid for I expected flawless sund...that was the main point of buying it but now...I really regret it
I read all the reviews for this and was excited to use it! It came a couple days after I ordered and it was easy to install (plug it in!). I just turned on my phone's bluetooth and was able to play music through my car speakers. I was very happy with it but it broke after under a year of minimal use. I'm disappointed in the price I paid for the product.
Works well in less populated areas but in the city, it is hard to find a clear channel to broadcast through. That may not be the fault of this product, but it's something to keep in mind before purchasing it.
I bought this device for my droid incredible, I drive a car that doesn't have a head-jack plugin and thus am forced to go via the radio.  I've had mixed experiences with the device in terms of sound quality: sometimes the auto search function finds a good station and the sound is distortion free, but on a drive I take often, no matter which auto search station I use there is some static cutting through. The other major problem with the device is that if plugging in my droid incredible to charge and transmit I can hear a wine in the audio coming from the charging of the phone, I have experienced this before on other devices and bought this one specifically hoping that there would not be this problem.  This is a huge drawback considering how much energy the droid phones need.  The pros of the device are that it is simple to operate and the Bluetooth paring goes very smoothly.  A perk with this device is the Bluetooth hands free calling and audio control, but without the charging issue fixed I wouldn't recommend it to a droid user.After having tried a couple radio transmitter devices, I can say the technology isn't that great.  If you still have a cassette player in your car I would look into buying one of those cassette tapes with an audio-jack input attached and run your music through that.  My mom does and the audio sounds really good and the airwaves can't mess it up.  They are also cheap.  I don't know however if you  charge your device via usb if the cassette option will also produce a wine sound.In the end this is probably one of the best hands free bluetooth to fm transmitter devices around, but depending on your purposes I would advise you to carefully consider how you spend your money here.
i thought this product is going to be super cool, but it is not. It has its own flawsAfter matching to the frequency, some times the audio is having huge noise more than the music.The aux connectivity is very poor. The volume when connected to aux is very low.Many devices are not detecting the bluetooth version of this device.This is not going to be happy product always.
I was able to set this up with no problem.  The limitation I see is the volume level, even with phone turned up all the way I have to turn my radio up quite a bit.  Not that big of a deal unless you like to listen to music load, then there will be lots of static.
this worked awesome for the first week I had it with my iphone 4.  As soon as i got the iphone 5, the volume would readjust itself when i turned on the car and if i didn't remember to turn it up then whomever I called couldn't hear me.  Also, sound quality worked a lot better w/ my 4 as opposed to the 5.  More often than not, I'm told that I can't be heard or I'm garbled - esp when on expressways & parkways.  Absolutely cannot use it through a radio station b/c it just adds more static so i use the AUX line but then when I have my radio on instead of the AUX i don't hear my phone's alerts so if it's not up on my dash in the holder where I can see it without taking my eyes off the road then I don't know that I'm getting a call.  Also, Siri DOES NOT like this product and it doesn't work well with her at all.  She only understands me about 50% of the time when I have this plugged in.  i have called / text the wrong people MANY times when i have this turned on and try to talk to Siri through it.  The idea of it is great and Pandora sounds great, but the technology of it definitely needs to catch up to the iphone 5 b/c the phone is definitely ahead of the bluetooth.
This worked great for 2 months (well for music - handsfree calling did NOT have good reception) but then just stopped working for no reason.  We even replaced the fuse, to no avail.  Enjoyed it while lasted.  Will probably try another product rather then risk having to replace it again in 2 months.
When it arrived I was so excited to plug n play. It is, however, not that simple. It arrives in two parts that must be slid together. The only problem is, the one we received DID NOT FIT!  That's right, the pieces did not fit together. They are supposed to slide together like the hotshoe on a camera flash. The plastic on mine was not molded properly, however, and after racking my brain to figure out what is was doing wrong, I decided to mod it a bit with my Dremmel tool. Now it fits great and works like a charm.I should have known there was a reason it was so cheap. The parts themselves are junk but works very well. The sound is terrific, even for phone calls so who cares if it took a bit of McGuyvering to put it together.So if you are racking your brain to put it together, don't fret. You might have received a bad one. Send it back or whip out the Dremmel.
I am not sure what kind of dingoes came up with this device, but when the item pairs with your phone to tell you it can transmit bluetooth, there is a VERY loud beep. Worst idea ever; I'll know the item is working if it plays my music, i DONT need a beep. I have to remember to shut my car stereo off just because of this awful thing when starting the car.
This works OK and probably just as well as any FM transmitter but there is often a lot of static.  I would say that it never sounds great, just OK.
I bought this 2 months ago and after limited use, it's quit. The blue light at the bottom comes on, but the actual unit will not power up. I assume there's a break in the connection somewhere.What little bit I was able to use it, the product worked great. Reception was amazing and my calls were crystal clear. I'm debating purchasing another, my only hold back is if the new one would also only last 2 months.
I had been eyeing a $100 bluetooth setup for my car that I wasn't too thrilled about when Amazon made this one of its Daily Deals.  The flexible neck is short and not very flexible.  This wouldn't be a problem if it didn't leave the microphone by your knees.  Full disclosure: I wouldn't have bought it if I though this would be the case when I bought it.  I misinterpreted the function of the audio input jack as a microphone jack instead of the line-in pass-through that it is.The audio isn't terrible, but I wouldn't make sensitive or business calls with it.Great for music and GPS.
First of all I'd like to say that when this unit was working it worked flawlessly.  The best FM transmitter I have used ever.  I have everything from the expensive brands to the cheap mono price or other retailer brands, but the GoGroove is hands down the best.Now here comes the bad part.  It died on me in less than a day.  One of the things you should take into account is to make sure you have some wiggle room if your car charger is located near a tight spot in your vehicle.As I was messing around with the unit in my car while driving, it suddenly stopped working.  I tried a few other cars to see if it was my car but it wasn't.Some of the reviews do say that these units have died on them.  I may have gotten a bad one, I don't know.Bottom lineIf you get a good one it's the best one out there.
When i first bought it it worked wonderful. Sound was clear not that much interference you have with other ones. The bluetooth is also very good for talking in the phone. One day after approximately six months it happened, it just stopped working and upon further investigation i found that the spring that keeps the tip up to make contact jammed inside its housing. Needs a more sturdy spring!Update!After i wrote this review i was contacted by Accessory Genie. They sent me a replacement immediately and now i'm enjoying my music again. I forgot to mention before on my review that this device has a USB port for charging your devices.
Seems all FM Transmitters are plagued by insufficient transmission power, apparently controlled by our government regs.Aside from having to change the station somewhat frequently to find a less-staticky play-back, the unit works pretty well and the bluetooth connectivity is pretty awesome.The unit also allows hands-free phone calls that works, but isn't top notch. The voices sound 'tinny' on both sides of the line.As far as FM Transmitters go, this is still probably the best one one the market and way cheaper than replacing my entire stereo system to allow pandora playback.
Works great when I plug in the &#34;headphone&#34; wire between the unit and the phone.  The talking/voices are good.  The music is very scratchy thru the bluetooth connection.  Live in Omaha so I had to unplug the radio antenna on the truck (there are a million radio stations here).  Works great for listening to music from the Samsung Galaxy S III.  I would recommend it to others but the prices needs to be around 30 bucks.
When it works, things are good.  However my unit goes thru spells where for a couple of days pressing just about &lt;em>any&lt;/em> button causes it to reboot.  Then it will go weeks without issue.  Go figure.Would love if:- volume settings could be saved- station scanning could be programmed to skip even numbers- could store a few favorite transmit frequencies- reconnected automatically when bluetooth device disappears and then re-appears.  Only way I've found to remedy this is to power cycle the unit.
The concept behind this is great. Bluetooth in, FM out, no wires. There are a few drawbacks to this product though.I purchased this product because my phone has the Lifeproof case on it which requires a headphone adapter be screwed in each time you want to listen to music. This gets pretty tedious, so the idea of sending audio via Bluetooth makes sense. This function works great. It paired easily and takes very little time to pair each time I get into my vehicle.The problems I've run into aren't terrible, but still bothersome. The FM signal out causes a lot of loss to the audio quality. I've tried a 1/8" connection from the flexsmart to my auxiliary input, but it's still a loss. The Bluetooth connection might be partially responsible for this. Also, the flexsmart resets to a lower level of audio output each time I turn it on, so I have to turn it up each time I start my vehicle. This isn't the worst thing in the world, but something to be aware of if you are in and out of your vehicle a lot during the day like I am. And lastly, the flexible neck of the flexsmart is a pain. The weight of the actual control unit causes the entire thing to spin in my AC adapter, so the buttons usually end up facing down while I travel. This would be a much better design as a solid unit without the flexible neck.Regardless of all these little issues, I'm fettered to this piece of equipment because it's still easier than screwing in the headphone adapter to my phone case all the time. And it's definitely worth the trouble when I consider listening to the radio or driving in silence.
It works but its very clumsy, the Bluetooth doesn't always connect automatically as it should, and when you start driving and you need to use it you suddenly realize that its not connected, and its very hard to connect while you're driving, also the call answering button doesn't answer the call you must still answer the call from the phone, also when a call comes in you don't hear it through the speakers, I also think that they should add a steering wheel controller
Signal strength is not very strong so i have to make sure that my phone volume is all the way up and then I still have to crank up my car speakers to hear it.  This will do if your Aux jack is not working well, like mine, and you do not have bluetooth audio streaming built into your car.  I do like that I am not attached to the auxiliary cord, though.
As always, Amazon shipped and delivered quickly.  I'm giving this three stars.  It works as advertised - I'm able to play music and talk on the phone hands free after making the call; however, there is a lot of static and background noise.  I tried numerous FM stations but was unable to eliminate the static and noise.  My wife says that because of the static and background noise she can only talk to me for a short time because it is annoying.  It was easy to install.  I'll update my review if I'm able to reduce the static and background noise.1-28-13 update:  I'm returning the product to Amazon.  The product works OK.  I used it all over town and on different FM station and continue to get lots of static.  I also have to turn the volume to maximum on every device (smart phone, this device and my car stereo) to hear music and to hear this device.  I'm unable to listen to my stereo AM, FM and CD while this device is on and when I turn it off the music is very loud because of the volume control issues.  I drive an older car and I guess it was not made to work with its stereo.
Elegant (cute, even), well thought out device which MAY be good all-in-one solution to Bluetooth and MP3 input needs. Does everything, I think.BUT as a solution to the AUX-input only need via FM tuner, it is only OK to crappy. Much better solutions are out there, as I found out after trying this device.UNRELIABLE: The thing is, you may find a good FM station that works great for a while until you move into or out of its range and then suddenly you start to get major interference and have to look for another station. A PAIN.CLUTTERY: Despite the elegant design, the device takes up a lot of space and is cluttery. It is in the way of my shifter and takes over the DC input (cig. lighter) which I need for charging, though USB input may do that well (cannot tell).A much better 1-use solution for MP3 input only: get "PIE TOY03-AUX Auxiliary Input Converter" or get "AudioBaxics AUX-TOY-N Toyota Factory Radio 3.5mm Audio Input Adapter" or, to be sure you get the exactly needed device, a GTA kit (twice as expensive, though). These all install into back of radio and do not use the FM connection.I only found a video for the GTA installation ([...] However, this seems generally applicable for Toyota, at least.
Setup easy, in city static hard to find clear channel with all stations in city. Don't think wife will use it but I will on trips, listening to music and bluetooth phone calls.
Transmission is very good, but with my Nokia I can use the Play/Forward/Back Buttons and I can't use the wheel to Change the Volume.
In brief: Outstanding device; abominable packaging.Once the neck was connected to the device (for which my tiny brain needed assistance from the video on the accessorypower.com site, which was VERY well done), it was all a piece of cake. The product does everything I need and more, though the plastic feels fairly cheap. (I bought it for use with an iPhone 4, so I need to bring my own power cable if I want to charge the iPhone, but otherwise everything is included.)The nearly impenetrable plastic packaging was unbelievably bad, nearly requiring a blowtorch to open. And the user manual was tightly rolled up inside and printed on cheap paper, making the mechanics of reading the darned thing pretty difficult. Save yourself a whole bunch of anguish and time by viewing the product video on their site (accessorypower.com/videos).5 stars for the product0 stars for the packagingI'm that close to rating the product 2 stars because of the awful taste in my mouth left by the packaging, but the product otherwise is so good that I'll leave it at 3.
It works OK.  There is some static noise in the playback.  You have to turn up the radio to get the bluetooth loud enough to hear and there is a beep everytime the thing couples with your phone over bluetooth when you start up the car.  Between these two, since the radio is turned up loud, the beep is extremely loud and surprising every time you start up the car.It seems it was the best option for this type of application, but there are a lot of things I would change about it.
when i get into my car and it starts up, it has a static sound for about 5 minutes or so...after that it works well.  it is not the signal or location as i have tested it at my work and home.  it has static when i leave work for about 5 minutes and when i get home, it is fine.  when i leave home, it has static again for about 5 minutes and then fine by the time i get to work.  so the device seems to take 5 minutes or so to &#34;warm up&#34;.  i do live in NY and it is winter right now.  i read that the device should not be in extreme temperatures however, &#34;extreme&#34; is subjective and i am wondering if the cold is effecting it.  If that is the case, i find the device pointless since it is meant for the car.  i am not taking it out of my car everytime i park my car.  it is not exactly pocketable.  not sure if i have a defective device or not...have only used it a few times and will give it a few more chance before returning if this keeps up.
But difficult to use. Especially on long trips as you will need to continually tune this device and the radio to a new channel.
The GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter is a nice gadget.  Even thou it is not as clear as I thought it would be with all the static (perhaps that can be since I am in the city), but at least it works great as a charger.
For $50 I thought the sound quality on this would be better. I have to turn up the volume on the radio in the car past 20 to geta somewhat audible sound. Also, the microphone on the phone isn't very good so when talking to people they mostly can't hear you (need noise cancellation or something).Works best for listening to Pandora throught the cellphone, all other features are lacking.
Ordered this for my husband, thought it would give him hands free while driving, plus be a better way to listen to his MP3 music.  After carefully evaluating the product, he decided that he did not get exactly what he wanted from this device.  It did appear to be well made.
When I purchased this item, I was looking for a device that would allow me to play music from my phone and act as a speakerphone (of sorts) to tend to my phone calls while driving.  While its a great bluetooth device for playing music, it's not great at all for talking on the phone. I wish the phone quality was better.
Blue tooth volume is super low so you have to turn up the radio volume high which blasts when the blue tooth I'd off.  Still can't find a static free channel.
I live in the suburbs between 3 larger cities. Around my house I can leave radio tuned to 1 specific (empty) station to use this to stream my music/voice calls too. However, if I go more then 3 miles from my home, I have to constantly scan and search for empty FM stations (static) to keep playing music. Might be ok in rural america where you can drive 30-50 miles between towns with very few FM stations out in the country, but if you live near a larger city with many FM stations broadcasting, be prepared to constantly scan/search for empty stations while driving.The device works great when I can keep it tuned to a empty broadcast station. Only looses connection when the empty channel I have tuned too, picks up a station broadcasting on that channel. I've been told this can be fixed by using the AUX IN cord - however, my car (2005 Cruiser) does not have Aux In :(Highly recommend to people living in rural america with few FM stations - Ok for city dwellers, just be prepared to scan/search a lot to find those empty channels.
This product works well as advertised. I give it three stars because the building quality of the product is very cheap, especially the plug to the cigarette socket can be easily broken, due to the design failure.
You get what you pay for but I am not unhappy about that. The connection is good but it doesn't seem powerfull enough to transmit full sound. Even when my radio is on full blast the sound only sounds like it is at a medium loudness. Fits perfectly in my Honda Accord councel between my seats. I really like it for phone calls but have to remember to turn the sound back down. If I don't remember my speakers will blow.
This thing works as expected. I like the freedom of switching and channel with a push of a button. What I do not like is it doesn't sync automatically. I had to reset the phone or go into the setting of the device to make it connect. The sound is ok. I haven't test out the phone call yet. I wish the blue LED light was a bit dimmer.
I enjoy switching between phone calls and songs. The only downside is the loud background noise sometimes. I am getting used to having to turn the volume high when on the phone, otherwise it is so difficult to hear.
I was excited when I read the reviews on amazon and ordered this a month back. I have observed any music played through  my iPhone is very good. I was told my voice on the other side heard as an echo and it is not clear. I had to keep my car volume so high to understand the other person voice. Also I always hear static noise when I am talking through car audio. I am not going to return since I don't make much calls from the car. I can manage the calls with high car volume. This is the reason I had to give only 3 stars for this product.
Used this daily since I bought it about 5 months ago, yesterday I get in the car and the display is dead. I tried a few suggestions and nothing. I contacted Amazon and the item is out of the return window, Contacted GOgroove and no response.UPDATE: Within minutes of posting this Amazon has contacted me resolved the issue. This is why I buy from Amazon :)
Received during the anticipated time schedule.Have used on two trips and have had minor issues. Volume has to be adjusted upward to get the same level as normal sound system.
Music - Can't get the volume up as high as I like (part deaf) and sometimes it shorts out my stereo system.  Sometimes, can move the songs forward, but not back one, stops for no reason.  But, useful in general, and most days works well.Phone - Mostly people can't hear me.  Noisy tires, air conditioning on?  It's good for that &#34;I'm nearly home with the chinese food, can you come outside and help me? - what?  I am nearly home with the CHINESE FOOD.  I can't hear you, you are breaking up.  ALMOST HOME, FOOD, OUTSIDE.  Ok, bye.&#34; kind of conversation.  But not for long talks.
Did everything it was supposed to do but I just couldn't deal with the hiss. I sent it back after a week.
I received my Flexsmart in mid-April.  I wanted to use it for a few weeks before I submitted feedback.When the Flexsmart works, it is great.Unfortunately, I would say it only works about 70% of the time.  It seems to lose connectivity with my Droid X2 sporadically, and I can't figure out why.  Sometimes I can turn the Flexsmart off and on, and it will reconnect.  Sometimes I will have to reboot my phone, which takes a few minutes and is a hassle while driving.  I primarily use Spotify to listen to music; I tried using Pandora but the Flexsmart would disconnect every time...anywhere from a couple of minutes to 45 minutes into listening.Sometimes the forward and back buttons work on the Flexsmart; sometimes they don't.Sometimes it pairs right away; sometimes it doesn't.On the upside, the signal is usually pretty clear, which is great considering I live in a large city (Atlanta) and the dial is crowded.  I also thought the price was good.Bottom line -- when it works, I enjoy it very much.  I wish it worked all the time.  I am on the fence as to whether or not I would recommend it or buy it again.
I received my package quicker than I expected. I opted for the free standard 2 week shipping and received it within a week. I installed it in my '09 G37X(non-nav)and it worked fabulous or so I thought. One of the first things I noticed was that the adaptor that plugs into the cigarette lighter was very loose, it moves around alot and most of the time causes the unit to turn off. I then have to power it back up and wait for the 2 devices to pair itself and voila...back in service. The second issue is perhaps the most annoying.....static! I can understand the static while there's no music playing, but when you can hear it while listening to a slow depressing love song it gets extremely annoying :) Only way to filter out the nonsense is to jam out to EDM all day! I even tried switching channels to see of it makes a difference and it doesn't. Despite the negativities, I do love the fact that I can listen to my music and I can stream off YouTube without hooking up my iPhone to the aux(of course no images will display). And lastly, I love how it just automatically connects everytime I jump in my car. It beeps to just to remind me I got Bluetooth, i then press play on the unit  and my music plays where it had last left off. Overall I think the product is ok, but if I knew about the issues that I incurred, I don't think I would put out $50 for it. Buying this is like being in a love hate relationship lol.
We bought this to use with our iPhone, and it worked perfectly. Then we tried using it on our Android phone, and it just won't work.One nice thing is the USB charger on the side to connect to, so you can ensure you don't drain your phone battery.
I read so much reviews of this product before i bought. I was sold on the review. When it came, I installed as directed and yes, it was simple and easy. But the bluetooth is not clear on all the frequencies i tried it on. All my callers keep complaining of a gushing wind sound or a lot of interference in the background. I used it for a week and abandoned it. Not impressed with it at all.
It is good not to have to stick something in my ear to use the phone. They could make it a little simpler for we have to use a radio station to use it and this means pushing more buttons while driving to answer the phone. Also when this devise is turned on I do not receive my text messages.
GoGroove is my third transmitter in 2 months and so far, it has been the best. Good construction, good sound quality, easy to use. But be warned: it doesn't behave the same in all cars. It's worked very well in a Ford Mustang and in a Mazda6, but the sound quality isn't good in a Volvo XC90 AND it won't pick up phone calls in that car either. I'm not sure why and I'm guessing it's the fault of the car, but it doesn't change the fact that the product doesn't do its job in my Volvo. For this reason, I haven't been using it as much lately. Also, in any car, you'll experience static in densely populated areas such as Los Angeles. I did read that you'll have to remove your car's antennae when traveling to help eliminate interference. Overall, I like this product but I'm ticked off that it doesn't work well in my main vehicle.
Bought this for my son primarily because of the bluetooth capability and he has not had any luck getting it to work yet.  He can get it to work with my iPhone using the aux cord, but not with bluetooth.  Will keep trying.  Unfortunately the packaging was thrown out at Xmas, so a return might be difficult.
This little thing is a great idea.  The design is good and works OK.  I would only recommend this to people who have a lighter on the front of the dash.  For example, my car only has outlets in the middle console area and this makes using the bluetooth for phone calls not great.  The person on the other end can't hear me well because the mic is not facing me (since it's hidden in the center console).  I think if you have an outlet in the dash, then the mic should work great.  Also, the FM station finder doesn't work well in big cities since most of the FM stations are used.On the pro side, I like the FM transmitting so I can hear it over my radio.  I have not yet tried playing an ipod and then having a phone call come in.Overall, still a good product, but it is just not designed to work in every car.
aside from the bluetooth connection which is perfect and pretty clear for FM transmitter, the aux is on the downside.when you plug in your mp3 player using aux, the audio barely comes out, even if you crank the volume of both the device and mp3 all the way up, you only hear static and very low audio volume.
I've been disappointed with this product repeatedly over the past year and a half that I've had it in my car. I'll just run through some things:PROS:- easy to unplug and stow- usually works with ok quality music listening- simple interface- has lasted me over a year of continuously being in my car (all weather)CONS:- does not have a way to find the clearest FM channel for listening!- usb charging cable is really short, if you're using hands free it's fine, if you want to see the GPS on your phone or answer the phone with your hands while it's charging, no such luck- Bluetooth has never worked with the buttons, could be my phone (HTC Inspire) or could be Flexsmart- Bluetooth connection unstable (i get disconnected multiple times when i'm trying to listen to Spotify through my phone, not sure if it's an issue with my phone, Spotify, or the Flexsmart but it's a problem).- sometimes won't charge unless usb AND aux cable are both plugged into phone- when both USB and AUX cables are plugged in, the music gets interrupted with static unless i unplug USB cable (no charge)I'm sure there's more for both of those lists but that's all i'm writing today. My summary is that it's an OK product, i'm not so dissatisfied with it that i've thrown it out my window or anything, but it does have a lot of issues that bug me. I would NOT recommend this to someone that wants to hear the highest quality tunes out of their car stereo, but I WOULD recommend it to someone who just wants to listen to music in their car kinda conveniently but without great quality.
I have owned this product for a little over a year.  I want to preface this review with the fact that I emailed customer service about my concerns with this product, and they were very helpful and polite.  While the feedback I received from them didn&#8217;t change my opinion of the product, it goes to show some companies still value post sale service.While the product technically does what it advertises, it has a few shortcomings.  The reason I bought this instead of a standard FM transmitter was for the bluetooth functionality. Unfortunately, I rarely use the bluetooth functionality because the sound output is very weak. It provides maybe half the volume as the auxiliary input. When using the auxiliary input, you aren't able to use the buttons on the device, so the only function I'm really using the device for is an auxiliary input, which I could have done with a cheaper product.The second shortcoming is the USB port on the device. I stopped using it to charge my phone after about 15 minutes as it causes very loud background noise through the FM signal. The USB port was another reason I elected to buy this product over a cheaper model, and I don&#8217;t use it either because of the noise it creates.Due to these shortcomings, I don't feel this product was worth what I paid for it.  I still use it, but I only use the auxiliary input and FM transmitter portion of it.  Again, something I could have achieved with a lower priced, less feature packed product.  While the other features technically work, they don&#8217;t create a very desirable user experience.  I do appreciate the time their customer service spent with me, which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 2.
This is really a neat little gadget and I wanted so much to have a good experience with it. However, it was just too staticky for me to keep. Since it is pretty pricey, I expected crystal-clear sound. However, it was only okay. This could definitely be because of the area I drive in (the Salt Lake Valley area in Utah), so if you live somewhere else with less radio signals flying around, it might be just fine.
We all know the pros of the device and they are quite nice, but there is one pretty big con.High pitched sounds (i.e. female voices) are more static than sound. I've gotten used to it, but it would be nice if certain audio ranges weren't crap.Also, expensive.
This worked great for a while and then like other reviews on here, the portion that goes into the outlet ins't working like it should and the unit can no longer be powered. So less than a year life on it - doesn't seem to be repairable and looking for a replacement. Too bad - I was happy with the sound quality and use of the product when it worked - but need something that can hold up to everyday use.
I have bought two of these in the past year, and both have broken within 4 or 5 months. I don't know why they keep breaking but I am tired of buying them. They worked really well when they are functioning properly and honestly its the best FM transmitter that I have used. That is why I will continue to begrudgingly buy another one.
I bought this primarily to play music in my car from my iPhone.  The Bluetooth speakerphone capability was just an added bonus for me.  Good thing, because it works great for playing music, but leaves much to be desired in terms of making phone calls using the speakerphone function.I live in a somewhat rural area so finding an FM channel that's clear of signal is easy which results in pretty good sound quality.  I like not having to hook up an aux cable for the audio input and I really like the USB port for charging my phone.The Bluetooth speakerphone feature is nearly unusable for me.  I can hear the callers fine, but 50% of the time they either can't hear me at all or the quality is so bad they can't understand me.  It seems to be better when I'm driving in town - ie less speed equals less road noise - but when I'm driving on the interstate, which is when I'd use it the most, the sound quality is very bad.  This isn't too surprising as the microphone ends up being way down by the gear shift where my power socket is located.  It's actually amazing it works at all.
It works great. The sound quality is not perfect (as with any FM transmitter) but I did not get a lot of interference. 4 stars for the functionality.It got stuck in my Lexus cigarette lighter. I had to pay $300 to get it out (they had to dismantle to dashboard). I was told that the adaptor is non standard and depending on the design of cigarette lighter socket, it may get stuck.
My PDA runs Windows Mobile and supports Bluetooth. Playback transmitter is clear but in mono. I going to look into downloading another Media Player instead of Windows Mobile because it sucks. There is nothing to help the shortcomings such as a equalizer.The GOgroove transmitter does the best with what it given from MS. The only  2 downsides to this product is using a work around with the bluetooth initial connection whenever I get in the car to play music or answer a call initially. Once u have paired up with the device, which is easy and without hassle, the audio plays from the phone's speaker initially until the I manually turn off and then back on the bluetooth connection on the PDA. I believe the headset is competing with the device but I don't know for sure. However, my work around works every time. The second downside is that taking a call while playing music means that everyone in the car will hear clearly your conversation because you two are broadcasting through the car speakers. The good thing is that the device will mute or pause your song playback for you while taking a call.Bluetooth transmission is less work for you while driving but don't buy unless you have an MP3 player that broadcast in stereo to the device over bluetooth and drive alone.
I just got this, and I've been using it for a few days. It works reasonably well, but there are issues:Pro:1) Transmitter is much better than the old one I used with my iPod. We have very few open  frequencies in southern california, and this powers over the weak station well enough that it sounds almost wired.2) Handsfree bluetooth operation is excellent. Calls come through the speakers clear, and the other party says my voice is very clear and understandable.3) Handles streaming music from my Android just fine.4) Handles line input from my iPod - mostly.Con:1) As previously mentioned: whine in speakers. I've found that by going to the top of the FM spectrum it's much better than low.I use 107.3, and it's great, at 90.5 - whine city. The problem isn't really the unit, as I have similar problems elsewhere - it's thepoor filtering from the alternator.2) Volume resets to 20 every time it's power cycled. Annoying.  Since with my radio, it sounds best at about 26.3) If you are using the line in, and a phone that supports music (Android, iPhone) when the phone makes any kind of noise you can kiss the music from the line in goodbye until you either unplug the input, or power cycle the receiver (fortunately there is a power button on the stalk). If I get a text message, or a calendar reminder, the sound goes dead. Period.  On bluetooth it recovers nicely however.
I bought this for my wife. For the most part its pretty good. The caller gets some feedback background noise.I believe the reception is good on the other end.  I love that u don't have to  worry about charging.
This little bugger is nice and works well.  The only thing I dislike about it;1.  Does not allow you to &#34;Listen&#34; to the radio station you are tuned to.  I DO NOT have a Bluetooth car stereo/radio, and apparently this device does not have an FM receiver, therefore, I cannot listen to the radio station I'm tuned to unless I turn this device off, but other than that, it works great! So I am off and adding songs to stream using my Smartphone.Now if it would only allow you to listen to the radio station (without Bluetooth) you are tuned in to, it would be excellent!
looses signal often and when talking on a phone sound quality is poor. Does not stand upright it power outlet
I like the idea of this device.  But it will not sink to my I phone 5.  The I phone finds the device, but then says flex-smart needs to be turned on.  It is on, both lights are flashing.  Any advice? Also does the radio need to be on or off when trying to sink?  Turned to the frequency?  also it says I can scarce for best frequency, how do I do that.
I bought it because I have an older car that doesn't have a USB input for my iPhone.  It works OK but you constantly have to change the station because it gets staticky.  You also have to turn the volume way up so if you forget or accidentally turn it off, whatever staticky radio station you're on comes on loud enough to explode your ear drums and give you a heart attack.  The alternative for me was buy a new head deck from Best Buy and then have them charge you $300 to install or go back to listening on my headphones.  All in all it's slightly better then my headphones...I guess.
Its ok most certainly not perfect but it does it's job. There is some static when on the phone and some during music. Tried changing channels but I don't no. It will do.
Does everything advertised and is easy to use.  Mine seems to have a unique problem though where I'm really missing the bass in the music.  I can listen to the same song in the CD player and get blown away by the bass, switch to the FM transmitter and bass is gone.  I can adjust bass on my stereo all day with no effect, it's just missing.  I expect some loss due to MP3 quality, but there is something wrong.  I also have plenty of bass when listening to FM stations off the air.  Maybe I'm the only one.
I've had another product like this before, so I know what is not unreasonable to expect in terms of quality. The sound quality on this device is verging on unacceptable. It comes across ragged, as though the speaker is ripped, unless I reduce the bass input significantly. I know it isn't my speakers, because the same music on a CD sounds completely fine.I thought that perhaps using the line in versus the Bluetooth would improve the sound, but it didn't.
PROS:-easy installation-paired immediately after hooking up-superb call aspectCONS:-does not automatically pair when starting car-need to press twist knob twice before adjusting volume-volume is too soft for music-loud annoying beep when pairing device and phone-it might be where I am at, but I experienced static when driving through some areas in the cityOverall, it does what its made to do, and if you're looking to be totally hands free with calls, and be able to play music from an external source other than radio, then this is the thing for you.
I use this in my work van and am driving all day.  Early in the morning during traffic for some reason it gets A LOT hissing background noise.  When the traffic clears up it gets back to normal it is decent quality but still not as good as some.
I would rather invest in a new audio system than use this Bluetooth.  No matter what, you will get some static.  I just didn't get an new audio system for my car with an aux because I like the retro look of my 15 year old car but if you want to listen to good quality sound with your music, this thing sucks.
I purchased this unit because of the great reviews.  I am having great trouble trying to keep it on a station without interference. It's very annoying.  If I'm on a call, I've had to hang up, park, find a different station, then call back and back on the road.  Really???  I don't have time for that. I wanted something that would immediately work, and work well.It's nice how it goes from music on my phone, to phone calls, and even to navigation directions... But if the sound is staticky... what good is it?  Are we putting up with bad technology only because is there and we want it, and we pay the big bucks, and then we suffer daily?  Not too sure if it is what it was supposed to be.  But, it is what we have. I will give it 3 stars. Is more than it deserves, I think.GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter with Charging, Music Control and Hands-Free Calling for ANDROID, iPhone, Blackberry and Windows Smartphones
I've had this product for a few months now and I am still trying to figure it out. Though I went through the very short manual, it failed to explain a number of the features. Like for instance the transmitter has 'play' 'stop' and 'pause' buttons that I am yet to figure out how they work. The music from your ipod or phone can play through the device via bluetooth without needing to plug the ipod into the device. But when you play music via bluetooth the volume is low. Overall though its a good product and works well with receiving calls and answering through your car's radio system so it's totally handsfree. I was a little disappointed answering a call using the device only works if you are on the radio frequency on which the transmitter works. If your phone rings while you are listening to a radio station you have to switch it to the radio channel on which the transmitter works to hear the caller. Also the transmitter frequency practically mutes any other alerts from your phone like emails or texts, unless you are on the radio frequency of the transmitter. Technically that's not a bad thing as you are less likely to take your eyes off the road to read an email or text. Otherwise this is not a bad product.
The Bluetooth feature is useless. If that is a selling point for you, then don't bother, no one will be able to hear you on the other side.I have has this for over a year, and it still goes strong. I live in a rural area, so FM interference from other stations is a non-issue.When I visit more urban areas the quality of sound is reduced and find myself switching stations looking for the one with the least static. It is not unbearable, but annoying.In general, the output could be a touch louder. Radio/Cds are a good volume, but when this is used, It seems like it could use a boost. But don't worry, you can still get your windows down, sunroof back, jam on.
Good: The thing is of very good build quality and usability.Acceptable: The speakerphone quality is tolerable at most, but I didn't expect much from it.Bad: Whatever frequency I choose, there is still always noise, especially audible when the music is low or when you listen to audio books.Overall: I decided to keep it, but only because I bought it on sale for a low price.
it worked fine and  it stopped working after two months. just didnt had time to file a claim do no recommend.
My main complaint with the X2 is the sound quality. It does not quite have the punch that I was expecting. The signal does not have quite the power that the Belkin or my local FM stations have. If I try to turn up the volume on the unit too much it becomes distorted, and the EQ seems very tinny. The highs are much louder than the mids and lows, and the bass response is barely there. I don't know whether  this is a limitation of Bluetooth itself.Other than that the product is a bit better than my old Belkin. The adjustable stand allows me to keep the device out of my way while I'm driving, and unlike the Belkin which was a long cord that constantly got in my way. I like that I no longer have to take my phone out of my pocket to start playing music, and the USB port on the unit allows me to keep my phone, my wife's phone, or a GPS unit charged up.I'm giving this product 3 stars. If it had decent sound quality I would give it 5, but again, that may be more of the Bluetooth audio being inferior to a direct connection than any problem with the product itself.
I have a MyTouch 4G HTC smartphone, and I really don't like to have the Bluetooth hanging on my ear all the time. So I went for the Bluetooth FM transmitter.It is very easy to set up, I meant putting the pieces together and set up the phone. Tuning into the right FM channel took me a while, I have to try almost every searchable FM frequency to get a clear sound. I found one in the end, but there are always some background noises.The music quality is great and it covers up the background noise as well. I have no complaint here.The Bluetooth however, is a different story, I could hear the other party fine, they couldn't hear me! Many times, I was told my voice sounded like coming from a cave or a box. I tried to bend down to get closer to the Bluetooth but it doesn't change anything and it is dangerous to do while driving. Sometimes I have to shout.Overall, I give it an okay. If the Bluetooth works better, I would give it five stars, after all, it is handy and easy. Just wish the call quality could be better.PS, if I did something incorrect or missed some steps, I would really appreciated feedback or suggestions.Thank you!
You would think by now that all the bluetooth products will all ready to handle any reception quiality , but in this case about 50% of the time thier is a whole lot of static, and I went threw the entire channels on mt radio and found no station that had about 50% clarity, and when you rcvd call the reception quality dips to about 30% and can't hear anything, so the volume goes up, but still quality lags. So I went to buy a cassete adaptor and used the out line, and guess what it works perfectly, but with a hard wire.So if you like static, and interception then these are for you but if you prefer clarity then look some where else.
This product allowed me to play music from my phone thru the car stereo. And make and receive calls. So far so good. It does all that, just not very well.The music didn't sound good. It was like listening to a radio station that wasn't tuned in correctly. Which I think is the problem. This thing gets your music from your phone/ipod/whatever via Bluetooth. It then broadcasts a FM signal. I don't think the FM transmitter can overcome interference from other FM sources. If you're traveling, what was once an empty frequency is stepping all over the Flexsmarts little transmitter.For phone calls, it's fine. For music, not so much.
I bought this for my mother because she wanted to bluetooth her phone to her car that did not have the capability. She then proceeded to call me every day on her commute home. The sound quality sent to me was spotty, and I regularly had to ask her to repeat herself.Since the, she's bought a new car and stopped using this, so I stole it from her and started using it to listen to music and navigation on my car rides. For this purpose it does extremely well. I really enjoy turning on Pandora and Google Maps and having it pumped through my car speakers while I'm driving for work.
The device itself works well... but my blue tooth in my lexus rx350 will not work if this is linked in. Also, the audio quality is pretty diminished compared to &#34;normal&#34;... that being said... some quality is absolutely expected to be compromised. I also feel like it maxes out the volume level too soon... a level that is unacceptable to me.
I orginially bought this for my mother as she has a car that has no 'aux input' but wants to listen to music from her iPhone in her car.  After buying it, I noticed it had a 'line out' option as well so you don't have to always use the FM transmitter, so I decided to 'test' it out on a week long trip that involved about 30+ hours of driving to really test it out.  In my truck, a 2008 Toyota Tundra Limited, my 'aux input' is right above my 12volt socket, so I thought this would a perfect match.  I hate having to reach up on the dash where I keep my iPhone to switch songs, pause/play etc, and the Flexsmart sits perfectly at hand level when I rest my hand on the gear shifter, and this worked wonderfully.To make a long story short, the flexsmart performed admirably using A2DP bluetooth from my phone, charging the phone via the USB plug, and outputting via the 'line out', and even worked great using 'FM' through NYC. Basically everything worked great (even the phonecall function) on the trip, except for one very important thing... the sound quality.  The device lacks so much bass in its output, it's almost unbearable.  My Tundra limited has a very good sound system (two 10" subwoofers in the back, 12 speaker JBL system) and the entire trip I hardly felt any bass, even when I turned the bass all the way up.  I know this is not a limit of the A2DP bluetooh, but a limit of this device, since A2DP bluetooh sounds great in our Prius.I ended up giving to this my mother who can only get FM in her car, and it works great for her, but if you actually like listening to your music, you might want to look elsewhere. Maybe they will take heed on this review since I'm seeing others complain about the bass issue as well.  If they work out this kink, I would buy another one of these in a heartbeat, but the currently lack of audio quality is leaving me to go back to just an aux cable and charger.Almost there, almost great :(
Bought item because it was 4.5+ stars for 1600+ reviews.It does setup fast and easy and extra ports are useful for non-bluetooth sources alike.However the FM transmission signal it quite weak. I tried everything I could to get a clear, static-free signal but I can't. I partially blame the car antenna being in the back, but mostly blame the flexsmart struggling to send out a clear signal just a few feet more than its supposed to.I also come to find that seek and call features don't work on the phone.
This device did not perform as expected.  I wrote to ask about returning product and seller did provide instructions along with troubleshooting tips.  My issue with this product is that the amount of static heard is very distracting.  After trying different radio stations I found one that works best.  I am still dissatisfied but the product does work....sometimes.
I liked the concept of this item and the price. But in urban areas (Portland, OR in this case) there is not a clear unused frequency available for pairing by the unit. So there is persistent and constant background static (hissing). Volume was weak too, which required volume on radio to be turned up very loud. This accentuated the static factor. Vendor was not initially receptive to footing the bill for return postage, but in the end agreed to pay  - wanting to keep me as a customer. So, props there.
Its that i dislike it but sometimes there is too much static that make using it awful. In general its AMAZING when it works without any disturbance. i still use it when i drive around and it great
Works ok with a wire connection to the phone.  i have not been able to connect via bluetooth which is disappionting!
It functionally worked well. The only problem I have is the music volume in Bluetooth mode. I had to raise the volume up to the point that heavy background noise interfere with the music.
This is a must have for any car and andriod. I have been using this to stream Pandora Internet radio, and it offers great sound for any Fm transmitter ive used, my unit is set on 88.9 in the metronome area and is strong to over come a station that comes in with very low sound and high static (I believe it is the station on 89.0,9)The device allows you to change the station and volume on the same knob, which is ok. But a flaw in this section is the default function of the knob is station so at times you forget to press down first before turning. This would be great if the functionally was switched to station switching when pressed because its not done a lot.The dual mice offer good noise cancaling,  but I have found if another User is using speaker on there side they sometimes cannot hear anything I will say to them. The connection from the unit to the flex cord is not the best, the unit will lose power sometimes due to the way its clicked in but still able to wiggle a little even tho its locked in.I have also experianced the unit not displaying anything on the display while still working(broadcasting) the knobs and buttons didn't work. I expected this to be because of the contact between the power flex cord as I fix it a few times by taping the buttom of the unit.While this is not a bug its more of a design problem. The lighter plug in offers a click in button to turn the unit power off. I enjoy being offered this so I don't have to unplug the unit to turn it off but it is on the front of the lighter plug. In my moms car I place the unit in the middle device ac power supply and at times your hand will fall or some item will find its way on top of this button and its very easy to click and turn the power off. I would suggested it be moved to the unit itself or to the side of the plug. Also the size of the plug is one to concern of, if Used with a af outlet near the cup holders. I can never use the unit in the ac outlet above the cup holders because my drinks if not a small wont fit. While my gos charger fits fine which makes no since.But the bugs I stated above hardly happen which to me seem to be only to the contact of the power supply or how long its been in use. But with a simple on off of the unit your phone auto connects and its fixxed.  This unit offers the controls need with a flex wire to place them where you want them. It offers a high qauility Fm transmitter and ht transmitter and offers clear audio that's possible. For ht to Fm but to note the unit can take wire input also but I perfer the less clutter in the car.  You should get this, and also get a sqaure trade warranty. For drop/spills. As this unit will be in the car everyday, and by no luck I can see it getting some type of spill damage due to where its plugged into at.
I have to expand on the review by &#34;Jimmy&#34;.  Yeah, the loud beep is annoying and redundant.  What's worse is that the music never gets anywhere near as loud as that beep.  There is clearly a crappy amplifier section between the Bluetooth receiver and the FM transmitter. With my stereo cranked all the way, I get about the same sound level as a CD set at 20% of full volume (and a REALLY LOUD BEEP).  Other than that, the thing works fine. I'd have given it five stars except for the lame-o internal amplifier issue.
Hi,A few highlights, the bluetooth with my iPhone connects 95% of the time, and the one off button on the cigarette lighter portion of the device fixes any connection failures easily.  In my book that is pretty darn good.Signal on the FM transmitter is good, but not great.  You really have to find a completely dead station to get signal without much noise and in the city thats not that difficult, but when i hit the open road i do have to spend some time looking for a new channel to play from.Audio controls are great.  I did not think it would be worth having the controls but man is it convenient.  Pandora works, podcasts and itunes library.  Very iPhone 5 friendly.  I am not sure how this translates to Android as I no longer have one to test with.IssuesThe cigarette lighter connecter is a bit loose.  i am not sure if its my cigarette lighter or the amount of force the metal springs give on the sides but my device sags and wiggles a bit and gives it the feel of cheap materials.  For 50 dollars yeah its ok to have cheap materials but if the metal was just a bit larger or had a wider bend it would be much more secure a device.using two phones at once.  Yes i know, this not a big deal but such an easy programming fix. I am Bluetooth connected to the iPhone getting nav directions, girlfriend playing music from her iphone from the 1/8 in aux jack.  Right now when the bluetooth kicks in the aux audio stops, ok, thats fine, but when theres no more bluetooth audio it stays in bluetooth mode and doesnt go back to the aux.  What would be best is if the two different channels are just merged together instead of flipping between each one.  That or if the device was intelligent enough to switch based on which input was sending audio.  Small issue but would make it a perfect device.Overall i really enjoy the convenience of this device and the quality of sound i would say is 8/10, which for 50 dollars is pretty good.Hope the review helped, happy shopping.*** Updates as of Jan 3rd 2014After owner this device for about 6 months now I can say with confidence that there is room for improvement.  I am going to lower the rating because of the following issues.  The Phone Mic and strength of the FM signal are both weak and not suitable for some environments.  The Mic is too far away to be any good for most cars and cigarette lighters.  Most of the time i have to shout to be heard and the person on the other line often tells me they can barely hear me.  This unfortunately, makes it pretty useless.  It only really works well when I am not on the highway and not throttling the car and there is no extra road noise.The other thing is that the audio levels are just not balanced well.  Bluetooth audio streaming is good enough, but phone call audio output is subpar and hard to hear.  commands from the phone, like navigation directions are very clear and loud, and everything else is too quiet, whats up with that?  And yes i have looked at all the audio settings on my iPhone 5 to adjust as best as I can.FM signal strength is good, but not great.  with a little more power it could provide a much clearer signal.  For those of you in newer cars id say 2009 and up, maybe your antennas are much more sensitive and can manage well, but for cars older, which im assuming is this devices target market, its not good enough and introduces too much static.Im going to attempt the X3 version, or try the soundfly by satechi and see how that goes.
east to install works as described but sometimes takes a few tries to link uphere are my 5 words
Unusable in my area as their are no empty spots on the radio except maybe late at night. Works well when it does however
I bought this mainly for listening to podcasts.  It has very limited functions for podcasts - no fast forward, no fast reverse, and the claimed next/previous song buttons only worked for next song.  The volume adjustment works, but it resets itself to quiet volume even if it still reads, say, the maximum 30 volume level when I restart it.  I'm forced to push the button again and twirl it back and forth to get the 30 volume again.For my car, the 90 degree angle of the stalk coming out of the power socket is awkward.It forces me to twiddle with it too much, and to go to my phone and push its buttons too.  That's unsafe in the car, so it's not very useful to me.  But the sound quality, if you can get at least two fairly quiet FM channels adjacent to each other, is very good.  I especially like the convenience of answering phone calls with it.  Voice quality on a call is good.
Works ok, it does what it says it is supposed to, but it doesn't do it very well. Lots of static both ways when in voice communications.
The items worked best for me when i had it connected with the 3.5mm jack, the fm transmitter was not great for me i got a lot of static. As for the calls they are great if you have the unit close to you, i drive a 2008 Scion XB and its a little far for people to hear me. The biggest dislike about this product is that it will not transmit the Bass sound to the speakers for regular music it was great but with no bass what so ever it was useless.
I love the product however it has a mechanical failure after 2 months of use. I have requested an RA in a an e-mail.
Entertaining and filled with the usual Tom Clancy attention to detail. A page-turner. Better than last one. Anxious for the next one.
It worked very nicely until tthe cigarette lighter portion broke. Internally a part broke in the cigarette lighter area and is not repairable due to the housing.
This works very well (almost magically) in my car.  Unfortunately a little bit of static in my minivan with music, I think because the antenna is on the back roof.  Still works for phone though, teleconferences clearer than with speaker phone and easier to hear than ear piece.
these are great, but you can never really keep a clear regulated signal. it can do all it says it can do, but if your can't maintain the sound quality then its not all that it could be. I give it a 3 because of its concept and capabilities, however it and most FM devices fall short because they depend on an FM frequency to be effective.
The flex-neck is not so adjustable, if you bend into a better position for you, it will return to its original straight position quickly.
like the design, size, flexibility, simplicity. very easy to use once you get the 'tag' off the display. i can hear conversations very clearly but people have a little trouble hearing me. that's the only disappointment.
This bluetooth transmitter worked amazingly. Connected right away, controlled my music and phone just like it said.Would have stayed with this transmitter to the end, if only it didn't die three weeks after I bought it. Wish I could have kept it.
Everything about the flex smart beat my expectations. The only thing is that the buttons did not work for iphone. That made me sad. But it was a ok device.&#128512;
Great points: no wires. Better sound quality than usual on these things. Phone calls work in the speakers of a ten year old Honda. Finally, I can charge my phone while playing music.Not the greatest: the dang beep. The loud, annoying beep that happens when the phone and the Flexsmart connect makes angels weep. If only the music got that loud - it is a bit quiet other than the beep. Really gotta jam it in the lighter jack hard. Pulling it out is so difficult I worry I'll break my lighter jack trying, so I stopped removing it. After you buy the product, the company spams you with requests for a review. Hence, this review.Final verdict: ok. Will get me by until I buy a newer car, hopefully.
I purchased this product because my car doesn't have an integrated blue tooth. I was previously using a cassette adapter to answer phone calls and listen to music on my cell phone but the quality was lacking.  This device allows me to speak hands-free without the caller hearing that awful echo in the background and I can play my music without hearing the underlining 'humming' noise and static that was evident with the cassette adapter.For the most part this device syncs with my phone and I get very good reception. Sometimes on rainy days I have to switch the stations frequently in order not to hear static in the background.  But when it is synced well on a good station the sound quality is very good...even at high volumes. Fortunately, I have an equalizer on my phone's music player to adjust if necessary.The only issue I've recently encountered, and really bothers me because it's the best thing about the device is that the cord which allows me to charge my phone is failing.  I typically place my phone in a holder, plug the cord from this device to my phone in order to charge while I'm driving and using gps or listening to music.  Recently, the phone will only charge if the phone is adjusted at a particular angle which is quite annoying.  I've only had this device for a few months now.  I am extra careful not to yank on the cord, so I am not sure why it's acting up so soon.  Otherwise, I would have rated this product a bit higher because it really is awesome and meets my expectations.
Product is fine overall, but I can never find an FM frequency which is free from radio transmissions so this gizmo competes with other radio stations and the result is a very noisy connection.They recommend removing the antenna but for me it's not an option as the antenna is embedded in the windshield.I still use it once in a while when I forget to take or charge my Motorola S305 bluetooth headset.
Easy to set this up, charges phone with no problems. FM transmitter works well with no fuzziness. Phone calls are another story unfortunately. Have tried talking on the phone with this 3 times and each time I eventually had to turn off the bluetooth and hold the phone...I couldn't hear them and they couldn't hear me either. So it does half of what it's supposed to do at least...
OK
the reason I gave 3/5 ,instead of 4/5 which the device actually deserves,is that there is certain quality you can get out of an FM in an area like southern california,regardless of the quality of the FM transmitter you're using; with lots of FM stations and FM-noises around.I use it on my 2005 Mazda 3, which to be fair, has a weeker tuner than my older 98 Camry. the quality just fluctuates as the car moves around. I take the arial noise to blame as this does not happen when the car is stationary. briefly speaking; the quality of transmitted sound is good, but expect occasional detenuation.the design of this transmitter is Cute; except the dumb thing that the fast-forward and rewind button both have their arrows pointing to the same direction!!! you can't just tell which is which. my brother thought maybe they wanted to use the same part twice and didn't bother ordering a new part for another button. that can be the theory which makes sense as I bought EXACTLY THE SAME product from another vender under another name, and that one was like this as well:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003OTXBY6
Playing music through the bluetooth transmitter worked great.  The problem is when on the phone, people complain that I am hard to hear and that I sound very far away or choppy.  Would not recommend purchasing if you are wanting to have conversations while driving.
Works hands free but is only able to pair to one phone without going through the hole setup process each time a phone is changed.  My wife is not as technical as I am, with that being said, for me to drive her car and pair it with my phone would cause problems if she got in and drove around.  She would not know until it was too late that the GOgroove was not paired to her phone and by law should not answer the phone.  I wish it would have a priority function for setting up more than one phone.  My car does, but it is also an installed radio item not a quick fix like this was.  So bottom line it does work for the price just not as well as I hoped.Sound quality is good both from speaking and hearing.
Worked great for about 11 months then it just stopped working completely.  Tried it in a couple different vehicles and it just will not power on anymore.  Bummer.
Online, this product sounds very appealing to any consumer looking for a high quality FM transmitter. But in reality, it's just like the rest of them... a waste of time and money.Pros:1. Setup was very simple.2. The device is sleek and looks nice in my car.3. Hands free calling via Blue-tooth.Cons:1. The device itself feels a bit cheap.2. The cables provided are not very good.3. FM Scanner shows unavailable stations.4. Volume has to be reset every time the device is turned on.5. Bad sound quality while listening to music.6. Decent sound only comes out of the left/driver side speakers!!!7. Right/Passenger side speakers only put out static, and very low volume!!!Other thoughts: This device would have been perfect if it didn't have such a horrible balance issue with the in car audio. Ironically this balancing issue works great for blue-tooth calling. Having higher quality audio on the driver side lets my calls come in very clear while driving. Also, the background noise/echo for the person I'm talking to is canceled out due to my outlet being located on the passenger side of my car where the sound quality is very poor.
I read multiple reviews before i bought this, for many it worked fine, but for me its a big let down, it took me a week to find the right band and then when i found one the Quality of the playing over BT is very average. 3 Stars for the build quality, which is good. Could hve been better with the actual purpose. I dont even want to get started with the using it as bluetooth for phone call.
Cannot connect USB card to play my music. I suppose that this very basic function could be included in product. Using bluetooth transmitter is significantly reduce music quality. When using cable is better but less convenient. Other is ok a specially pairing with my iPhone 4s - just perfect.
The transmitter is pretty good, except it doesn't have the &#34;AUTO-TUNE feature makes finding the clearest FM Station simple!&#34;. This feature either doesn't exist or is non-functional on my unit.
This product is hands down the best transmitter I've ever purchased.  The sound is great!  However, after using it for a few weeks I've detected a few nuances.  Sometimes there is a buzzing sound present.  It's not true static because the music still comes across in a clear fashion but the background noise can be a bit distracting.  Also, the lights on the play/pause, forward and back buttons have completely vanished.  They started flickering over a period of time and now they do not light up at all.  Also, my android phone is not being charged after connecting it via the USB cable.  Finally, the volume could be a little louder.  This limitation may be due to my phone itself (Samsung Galaxy S4) but I find that I have to turn my car's volume up to a high setting even though my phone is already set at its loudest.
Never could get the actual bluetooth function to work...Music worked, but not as clear as I hoped.  My sister has one and she likes hers for the most part, but I struck out!
The product works pretty well.  Some of it's limitations are that the blue tooth capabilities do not work with my iPhone (I have a 4s) and the options for stations are only odd numbers which limits you.  Otherwise, charging my phone and hooking into my lighter works well and the transmissions are clear.  Descent purchase, a few tweaks and it might be better worth the price.
I bought this after going through so many positive reviews, and didn't think the majority of people purchasing it were wrong. I used it and was happy most of the time, however after about inserting/removing the gadget for about 20 times over a span of 4 months, one fine day the part where the item is inserted in the 12v socket loosened and broke apart. I fixed it, but when I tried using it again, it wouldn't work. I tried using it in my brother's car, and it wouldn't work there too. Worse, the 12v socket in my car blew, so I'm not gonna be using it for anything else. Please note that I am not a smoker, and the socket has been barely used, probably never used before the X2.I guess sometimes this item uses a bit more power than the socket can provide, which leads to the fuse overloading.
I like I can play music on my cell and listen from the car stereo.But I regret, the radio signal doesn't work well with me and I had to use AUX jack to get clearer sound.The quality of hands free feature is pretty good. Mic is sensitive enough, no bouncing echos. But only allow me to make a call to the last number. It would be nice if it takes one or two number for the short-cuts.
I have been using this for a couple of weeks now with my HTC and it workss pretty well. It was very simple to get synced up. I can't say that the quality is high but you get what you paid for, and this does what it claims to do, which is provide hands free voice calls and music. The product itself looks kinda cool and is not too flimsy, but dont even try to compare it to those expensive ones../
OK the first couple months this worked pretty good, but until recently no matter what station I put it on I can hear some pretty loud static. Also just traveling 20 minutes away I have to find another station because the static becomes unbearable. Usually if travelling far I just put on the radio and don't even try. Bluetooth works great, but the static is a killer.
it did not work as expected, connection/sound from iphone/ipod is very chirpy, it connect fine but then sound get very bad
Call quality and clarity are greatly affected based on how far away the lighter port is to plug into. I need another foot or so of gooseneck to have enough range to reach it in my vehicle. Would be great if it could be powered by USB and mounted elsewhere in the car.
Most likely due to some sort of interference, doesn't matter what channel I try using, some days the thing just broadcasts too much snow with my tunes.
had it for a little over a year, of course when the warranty expired is when it broke. no fix possible. due to the quality of other fm transmitters though this is really the only good option unfortunately. i wouldnt have bought another one if i didnt have to
This works better than any other fm transmitter I have tried however it still does not meet my sound quality expectations. The music sounds just "ok".  Phone call quality is good.  It has a slight "tinny" sound to the music.  The product serves a purpose so I will keep it.
I am finding its a bit finicky in making wireless connections easily on a day in and day out basis.
All is good in the world and the volume stays where it was last set unlike other people have had problems with.The one place I wish it were better is the FM transmission could be stronger. There is some static even with the strongest connection.
This thing does not work as well as I had hope.  But frankly, my expectations were inflated.  For the amount I spent, the thing is fine.  I'd buy it again if the need arose.
It is easy to use, but there is some static from the radio station and the quality of sound is not nearly as good as from a direct connection.  I ended up buying a $5.00 tape cassette adapter and the sound quality is a 100 times better.  For the price, I wish it worked better.  The bluetooth works well for phone calls, but even then, the sound is muffled.  Maybe it's the area I am in, that is affecting the connection, but I wished I hadn't spent the money.
It's too complicated. To sync it to your bluetooth, you have to hold down one of the buttons, and I always forget which one. The controls are marked only to look clean and they are uninformative. If you use it every day, you will undoubtedly remember how to do everything, but I use it once every two weeks, or so.There are a few things like this that end up distracting me from the road. That's one reason I don't use it except when I'm on the open highway.Also, it doesn't seem to want to accept changing stations, anymore. It did, at first.Plus, the sound is weak. The volume on the unit is at some low level by default, and you have to turn it all the way up, in addition to the volume on your iphone, or whatever. If you don't do that, and you rely on the volume control on the car stereo, it will sound horrible.I'm kind of wishing I had just hacked apart my dashboard to splice into the input wire from the old CD changer, instead.
I've owned this for a year or so now, buying it back when there were less than 10 reviews on the product and it was only $35 bucks.  It's very simple to set up and the sound quality is as good as I've heard from the 3 FM Transmitters I've owned.  BUT . . .Plan on putting this in the lighter and leaving it there.  It's far too snug a fit which probably helps in some situations, but is a running complaint on reviews.  The first time I had a problem, I broke the inside of my 12v "lighter" plug.  Fixed that for a few bucks in parts, but the next time I had to get it out, I pulled it and the GOgroove itself broke into about 10 pieces.  If there were another option, I'd buy it, but it looks like I'll swallow another $60.
I like this product, and it does what it supposed to do, but it's cheaply made. The rubber grippers that hold it in the cigarette lighter socket came loose and the dern thing got stuck and it almost ruined my car's the cigarette lighter socket.  I was able to get it out and that is when I noticed how cheaply the rubber grippers are installed.  I'm sure I'm not the first this has happened to either.  So fair warning the grippers may come loose, get stuck in the cigarette lighter socket, and ruin your car's DC power outlet.Other than that, audiophiles should note that there will be static between songs, but that's just the nature of FM radio waves.  Over all the audio sounds great considering the fact that I am streaming Pandora via 3G to Bluetooth to FM radio to my ears.
This is a nice concept however, I did have one problem that was a deal breaker for me. I can't say my vehicle isn't partially to blame, but I wanted this so that I could use my Android phone to play music. I needed the phone to stay charged as well so that I could use it for my GPS tracking at the same time. The problem is, using the charging cable allows for line noise. This noise is transmitted via the line out cable as well as through the bluetooth connection. I blame the vehicle a little because they didn't take any precautions to suppress the noise and probably has some poor grounding, but still, I never figured the noise would transmit through the Bluetooth as well. Ultimately, I sent it back and settled on using my iPod and an old iPod FM transmitter, it doesn't have this noise problem. This problem is also evident with the iPod if I use the charging cable and the line in on the GoGroove. I have attempted to use iron cores around the cables to reduce the noise, but it doesn't reduce enough of it.I can't comment on the bluetooth call quality and how well the built in microphone works as I never got past the noise. So, there you have it, not the best or most comprehensive review, just know that you might have a similar noise issue, especially with older vehicles.
The Iphone 4s seems to be compatible on one level with this device.  The music plays fine and the podcasts play fine from my phone.  I like the automatic finding of radio stations.What I don't like: hands-free calling with the Iphone 4s.  I'm not sure of this being a function of the new Iphone and new bluetooth chip (my BlueAnt will do the same thing), but my Iphone 4s will only do the hands-free for one or two calls.  It then becomes impossible to make calls using the GoGroove as the device automatically switches to speaker (and trust me I've tried to fix this in every way possible, short of a voodoo ritual)I just thought people should know; good for the iphone 4s with music/podcasts.  Virtually non-functional for hands-free calling with the Iphone 4s.
I was hoping, based on the high rating and number of reviews, that this FM transmitter would be more effective than the numerous others I've tried. Unfortunately that was not the case. Despite living in rural Ohio, the best I can hope for a decent level of static and noise in the background of whatever I'm listening to. The Bluetooth capability is somewhat lacking as well, although this could be attributed to my phone. If I don't turn GOgroove and my phone's bluetooth on in the right order, the connection will complete, but audio will not play. Not sure what's going on there.
The product is relatively average compared to other FM transmitters I've had.  The sound is good, but depending on where you travel you might have a difficult time finding a clear station.  It's very easy to pair - all you do is hold down the "talk (blue)" button to go into pairing mode.  Then you hold the middle knob down until it finds a clear station.  The music comes in loud and clear through your car speakers, and you can use the buttons on the GoGroove to change songs.  The call quality is mediocre.  I've only tried it a few times, but the other end sometimes sounds tunnel-like.The main issue I have with this product is that it makes a very high-pitched, feedback sound when you're charging your phone.  I thought at first that maybe the phone was too close to the radio, but moving it doesn't help either.  It seems like it makes the noise any time you have something plugged into the usb port.  The noise is noticeable enough to make it virtually impossible to listen to music.  Also, it says that you can use the product with IPhone, but make sure you note that it doesn't come with the charger.  It comes with everything else except this.  Accessory Genie's customer service said that it was because Apple has a problem with 3rd parties making their products, but who knows if this is true.  I think the title of the product makes this a little misleading.  They should just say really any bluetooth capable phone can be used.I exchanged this product twice because the first one I received didn't work at all, and the second one had damaged LED lights.  The returns process with Accessory Genie is not the best because it takes a couple of weeks to receive your replacement (including time spent to mail in the defective one first and the time to receive the new one).  You can put a deposit down, essentially purchasing the product again, to expedite the process.  With my second exchange I did the deposit and received the product in a week.  I noticed that sometimes Amazon sells this, so it's better going with them, of course.  The cost of the GoGroove through Amazon was $10 more, but that's basically the equivalent of getting it through Accessory Genie plus $7.99 shipping.This item is good if you use it mainly for the music.  I like how you don't have any wires cluttering up your console area, but it definitely has its faults.
I purchased this for use in a vehicle that does not have a auxillary input or a cassette player and to that end it fulfills its purpose.  I do not like that it puts out a much quieter signal than a regular radio station so I have to turn the volume up a lot more and during quiet passages or between songs there is some white noise or sometimes other stations bleeding over.  Overall it is worth it to have my catalog of music available for any car I am driving.
The Flexsmart is ALMOST a great item.  The item I received came with one of the lights not working.  While not a make or break it piece, just a bit annoying.  Makes it difficult to see the back button in the dark.  The transmitter does  a less than adequate job of finding a clear channel to transmit.  I typically have to find one myself.  Even then, the transmitter is sometimes a bit weak in delivering to the FM station.  Again, it works, and has potential to be a great item, but falls short.
Cellphone mic is not clear so people can't hear you on phone calls; Bluetooth works for music streaming but volume is low
Bought this for a my spouse's Accord as installing a bluetooth adapter into the factory radio would have cost nearly $300.  He really likes it and is surprised at the clarity and ease of use.  Everything is easily at his fingertips so he doesn't have to look at it to manipulate it.  The microphone is sometimes a bit lacking, but you just have to speak up over the background noise.Have had it for 33 days, 3 days over Amazons return policy. WTF?  Well anyways, the unit no longer works.  The arm portion is receiving power as it powers up.  However, the clip on X2 is no longer working.  Since it is now outside the 30 days, I sent a note to the seller.  Hopefully they will replace it.
Works great for a while, but after a few months it doesn't work anymore. The signal is extremely weak, I have to crank my radio volume up to extremely loud to get a decent volume out of this. This is annoying when I have to switch channel on the radio and it almost always gives me a heart attack with the loud volume.Worse yet, now the signal out is so bad it's extremely staticky. The one solution I noticed is when I put my hand very near or touch the device, that removes all the static. Don't ask me why. But this is also extremely annoying because I'm forced to drive with 1 hand if I wanna listen to music. And the moment my hand lets go for a bit the damn thing becomes staticky again.
Pros:It was easy to pair the FlexSMART to my phone. As long as bluetooth is enabled on my phone, it re-connects automatically when I get back in my car.Sound is very clear (if you don't have radio interference) and loud enough if you set volume on the FlexSMART to the max of 30. This is true both for music and calls.The buttons are easy to press and work well.Cons:The goose neck isn't strong enough to stay put. It always goes back to the shape it wants to be in. Depending on where the AC outlet is in your car, this may block important things.The mic for phone calls is intermittent. There are times I can hear the caller perfectly well over my car speakers, but they can't hear me at all.
Device looks nice and cool but I hate the statics in the background with these products, I guess that's typical with any FM transmitter.  Easy to use and clear instructions but still you don't to be distracted when driving.
I first bought one of these for myself and was originally pleased for the first several months so I bought another for my wife. First, I must say that they have the best sound and linkage to the car stereo of any other product I have bought, bar none. If we hadn't run into other problems over time with both units, I would have given them 5 stars. So now the problems:1) The units have an on-off button on the base. On both units, the buttons have gone bad and won't stay in the depressed "on" state. I have had to resort to taping the buttons down in the always "on" position. This works OK but looks bad. I'm considering to super-glue the buttons in the always on position.2) One unit no longer charges the phone through the cable. I thought that the cable might have gone bad but switching cables has had no effect. Thus, I'm now using a power socket splitter and a separate charger and cable for the phone. This doubles the cabling and looks messy.One thing that I don't like (but I'm not going to lower the rating because of it) is that the unit has a volume control that always starts at the lowest volume when the car power is turned on. I would rather it start at the high volume level where I always have to move it to later.When it works, its a very nice product. Unfortunately, I've experienced defects in time that have decreased my appreciation for it.
Just got this. Flawless Transaction from Amazon, as always. After reading reviews, purchased this as got highest reviews. No great sound quality at all, but works and is very efficient. Music and phone calls seem muted at best. Test calls received nothing but,"uh yeah i guess" Again, it works, but I would NOT recommend to a friend....as i have done many times today. For 60$ with shipping I expect a lot more.
Works but the quality of the sound from the speakers pooooor!
This products helped me to drive safely while receiving calls. However, its still difficult to make a call and I believe with siri out, there are some products which responds to voice commands. Also, it need following fixes in my view:1. Improvement needed in user guide provided with this2. Lot of disturbance experienced after using the same for almost 3 months3. Some humming4. Should have mute button
Sometimes I have to jiggle the insert part to get a good power connection.  The sound isn't always super clear but certainly adequate.
UPDATE after 3 days of use>>> Warning of possible battery kill if using the USB connector to charge your phone from the device. I have an HTC One, 6 months old. within 2 days of using the GoGroove "USB charging cord" the phone died. I can not prove, BUT don't want to test it again with my new phone. Seems I saw a review with a similar reference to an iPhone overheating the battery when charging this way????I only purchased this for hands-free phone usages for HTC One, so after watching the YouTube how-to videos, it still took several times to sync the gogroove with a NON-used radio station. And it was not covered in video...but you have to preset the NON-used synced station and when you get a call you not only have to click the ANSWER button on gogroove or phone, you have to switch to the preset NON-used station to hear a call. Sad, it's a multi-step process to hear a call and then have to switch back to radio listening. I'm using in a 2008 Dodge Nitro & HTC One phone.So to conclude, you have to switch the radio station when you receive a call, and then answer the call. When call is ended, you have to switch back to the radio station you were listening to. Calls do not just mute the radio automatically.So consider if you purchased a direct bluetooth speaker, that did not run thru your radio you would need to mute your radio to hear a Bluetooth speaker....just considering.
setup and pairing was easy, pretty self explanatory to use.  Sound quality through fm transmitter is &#34;radio&#34;ey, but expected.  Sound quality through line out very good.  Phone audio quality through line out pretty good, and quality on the other end is good too, EXCEPT that the noise cancelling is way too overaggressive.  if you speak immediately after the other person finishes, it doesn't turn off the noise cancelling fast enough that what you say gets totally cut out... it needs that 1-2 seconds in between, which is annoying.Gooseneck doesn't hold well, tends to sag as you drive.Mine had a defect- if you had anything plugged into the line in and then try to transmit through fm, it didn't work.  If you then plugged in the line out, it went from line in to line out okay, but that's pointless.
The quality is just OK. Maybe all such FM transmitters have same problem on the sound quality. Easy be be interfered. In the region without interference, it's good; but when in some places with interference, the sound bad. Maybe OK for talk, but not for music.
This might have been our fault (I have three kids who are a little rough on things) but it fell apart after a few months of use. It worked great though until then. Nice and easy to use. The sound quality was good and the controls are convenient. I would recommend this for people who can leave it plugged in. I think what caused ours to break was the kids unplugging it frequently to plug in their other devices.
it worksi like that there is a power on/off switch so that the device isn't always draining the car battery.it connects easily with my phonethe audio quality isn't super, but i mostly listen to pod casts not music, so its passable for me.i do have to turn the radio volume way up beyond normal when using it. probably my least favorite aspect.
While the number of features is great, there are a few issues.  Firstly, the volume control/station change knob functions are backwards, in my opinion.  You have to push down then turn the knob the change the volume; if you don't push down, it changes the station.  Theoretically, your station doesn't change much, but you may want to adjust the unit volume more often, thus this function should be the easiest/priority action.  My biggest complaint is that there tends to be a good bit of interference noise.  I've tried many stations with no better results.  Sounds like I'm being contacted by aliens.
OK, I am repeating what many others have said. I am bordering on giving this product 4 stars but decided on 3 due to the fact that some of the quibbles are minor easy fixes that shouldn't even need to be brought to the company's attention.Set-up -- pairing is fairly simple and worked easily enough. Past that, however, you have to figure out on your own. The instruction manual (and I use the term lightly) barely tells you anything. For example they include a USB to mini-usb cable but never explain what it is for. Do they assume all accessories use mini-usb? Why even include that?Quibble 1: The main knob is used to adjust the volume and select the radio station to pair with. However, the knob has to be pressed in to select the volume control whereas the radio frequency select is the default setting. So if you get a call and reach down to adjust the volume you end up changing the radio frequency and losing your audio. The default should be volume control since you aren't in need of changing frequencies too often anyway.Quibble 2: Now I understand this is because the way this aftermarket unit works, but keep in mind you can only make or receive calls over bluetooth while programmed to the paired radio frequency. If you are listening to a CD or the radio and not your phone's music (or if the radio is off), you will not be notified of any incoming calls nor will you be able to make a call over bluetooth. You need to change to the paired frequency on the radio first.Now this is acceptable for outgoing calls as they are at your convenience, but incoming calls can be completely missed. Say your phone is on vibrate and in your coat pocket, it would be nice for the unit to at least notify you of an incoming call somehow to give you warning to switch to he radio frequency, but alas it doesn't. Couldn't the unit beep or something to notify you of incoming calls?Quibble 3: The flexible neck doesn't allow too much adjustment. I had an issue with the shifter blocking the lighter outlet. The "FlexSMART" wanted to remain in a position that made the display upside down. Now keep in mind this was my situation and not that of every car, so take with a grain of salt.Overall, the unit works, sound isn't bad (although I agree with the others regarding phonecall audio being too low..I just keep the FlexSMARTs volume at 100% and adjust the radio volume as needed. This also helped alleviate the tendancy to adjust the volume knob leading to switching the frequency unintentionally) and music played through the unit isn't bad. Some songs had some static or less depth of range, but compared to other similarly-designed units this works well. It also depends how good the quality of the digital music you have.Aside from my quibbles, which may not even affect some people, the unit is good and I will keep it. I just hope the company can do something about the little annoyances that keep this from being a 5-star product.
First off this is bluetooth to an FM transmitter.  If you live in the city then don't bother trying because even though you use a unused channel bleed through always happens.  I had to use my cassett deck and connect it to the device to get audio in the car.  I didn't mind because I still could talk and listen to music with my phone in my pocket.  The mic is great and people can usuually hear me quiet well.  A must buy for older cars in rural areas.  If you live in the city then it would do you justice to just upgrade you stereo or look for a non-FM solution
I was a little suspicious of how high the ratings are for this, especially since I live in a major city with lots of radio traffic. It works fairly well for playing music, but it only worked for calls occasionally. Even when it did work, the sound quality was extremely poor. I'll chalk it up to city living, as I'm sure it works just fine in less populated areas.
First the nitpicks:1. We had initial problems pairing up the HTC smartphone via bluetooth. After multiple power-cycles (of both the FlexSMART V2 and the HTC phone), we got them to pair up eventually. Not sure if the problem was with the phone or the FlexSMART V2. Now that they are paired up and working, we are happy. [No such problem with Samsung Galaxy S].2. We wish the FlexSMART V2 had a longer neck--by about 6 inches to a foot. This is because we drive the Honda Odyssey and the cigarette jack on that vehicle sits about a foot below the nearest cupholder to the driver.3. The audio volume between music playback and voice calls are quite different. The volume knob on the FlexSMART V2 has been turned to the maximum value in both cases. During music playback, when a call comes in, we have to turn up the volume on the vehicle's radio console quite a bit in order to listen to the conversation.  Not sure why this is the case; still looking into it.4. It appears that the FlexSMART V2 does not remember the last set volume setting through power cycles. Each time the car starts, we are finding that the audio volume is reset back to 20, and need to be dialed up to 30 again. Not a huge issue, but beckons the question WHY?Now the praises:The audio quality during music playback is excellent. Other than the aforementioned audio volume issue hands-free phone conversation works well. The person on the other end of the conversation can hear our voices very clearly without any background noise. Also works brilliantly as a "conference" phone, with other passengers in the vehicle able to participate in the conversation easily. Now the kiddo in the backseat can have a conversation with grandma on the phone, all without passing the phone back and forth! Delightfully surprising, given how far the device must sit away from the driver (because of the placement of the cigarette jack on this vehicle).Overall, we like this gadget. Money well spent.UPDATE: Unit has developed microphone issues and has trouble picking up the audio. Unfortunately, at the current state, not usable for hands-free calling. Reducing the rating to 3-stars from five. Still an excellent wireless FM Transmitter for music playback, but, without the handsfree calling feature working well, this is a rather expensive one-trick pony.
In my area, there aren't many channels at the low end of the commercial band that are free. That being said, when I do find one which is quiet in my neck of the woods, I would expect the sound from my transmitter to be crystal-clear, but it doesn't work like that for me. It's possible that the shape of my car, placement of my antenna, placement of the cigarette outlet, etc., are affecting the quality of reception, but it's not working well for me. I'm connecting my phone via the included 3.5mm cable to broadcast music to my car radio.Other than that, it's pretty easy to use. I have yet to try the bluetooth function.
I have used the pass holder on my car windshield several times and each time it has fallen off, even without the EZ Pass in it.
This product replaces the windshield fastener supplied by Easy-Pass which is difficult to remove; it is useful whenever solid windshield attachment is not desirable as for users of lease cars. Unfortunately occasionally the holder comes loose, double suction cups might help. Still, I recommend it!
This works fine but only because I have an old adhesive with velcro on it that helps keep the EZ Pass in place in the tray.  Otherwise, it ight slide out while cornering.
I ordered this product and got it on time, thanks to the seller.  The product as such is just about average.  The biggest problem that I face with the transmitter is that it is highly prone to interference.  Not to the interference of another FM station, but to something else which I am unable to figure out.  But this happens very rarely and so we can live with it.  Otherwise, the quality of sound is very good.  It sticks to the FM frequency that we set and there is no need for you to set the frequency each and every time you turn it on which is really very good.If you are planning to buy this product for the remote control feature, then just forget it.  The remote never works properly.  If you want to increase or decrease the volume, it would change the songs, and if you wanted to change the songs, it would change the frequency.Over all, I would give 3 stars to this product forgetting the remote component of it.
Once I open the package, I can ONLY see the camera.  The photo is kind of misleading, there is NO power and video connecting cable.  Lucky for me I have that from the mirror I order from Amazon.  So buyer beware!  Amazon can only return the items, but not able to provide those cable, without cables you will have a hard time to connect the backup camera.
dont expect clear quality. this is your average bare bones old school camera. the video always looks blurry but if you simply need a view behind you without detailed image then its fine.next time i will look for a higher resolution camera but this one does the job at a very basic level. its better than nothing
I have this installed on my pick up and the image quality is very good in day light and ok at night. But it is no where near what I would call wide angle, works great to aid in backing up to my trailer to hook it up, but not great for general backing up. Because it is not wide angel enough to see obstacles to the sides yet still in your path.Also be sure to seal around the lens before exposing to the weather.
I was using this product as a security camera at my back door so it was running 24/7 it lasted about 6 months and then quit. it was cheap enough that I actually had a second camera. The day picture is good enough to see someone but not clear enough to really Identify a person. the night video is really poor. you can tell something is there but it is hard to make out what it is
I bought one of these about a year ago and it worked for about a year. I'm on my second one now. But for the price its good enough.
The product does work adequately, but it by no means a great camera. It will fog up, and have water droplets after a good rain storm.
CHEAP SOLUTION TO DO THE JOB WITH GOOD IMAGE QUALITY, BUT FIXED LINES TO CALCULATE DISTANCE, REALLY DO NOT HELP TO MUCH FOR ME, THERE IS A LITTLE DELAY 2-3 SEC. AFTER PUTTING REVERSE &#34;R&#34; TO GET IMAGE, A LITTLE SMOKE IN IMAGE SOMETIMES ONLY WHEN RAINING OR IN COOL DAYS...
I bought the camera earlier this week and installed it yesterday. It was a straight forward install that I sent to my tail lights for power. It worked great yesterday just for tests. But then today, I actually drove my car with it installed and theres a small amount of flickering on the screen which isn't a huge deal. But it switches from color to black and white a lot which is weird. Also when I was driving home today the image was flipped upside down for a minute, then when I tried it again it was back to normal. Very odd, but you can't expect much for a 20$ camera. I would suggest this camera mostly based on the price point.
It's Ok if you like the picture backwards. Like looking into a mirror. You figure they would make it to where you have the choice. In case you wanted it to be on the front plate.
The camera was okay, but I didn't want to hook it up to the brake so I grounded it to the car and hooked it up to the battery. It work worked for a while but then it went out. I would expect for it to still as long as it has power but maybe the battery was too much power.
the camera work fine and is cheap. there's a little problem at nigth even have nitgh vision. I am not really happy how the quality look like
It's a good deal for the money (it costs next to nothing; I couldn't believe the low price). It does the job of showing what's behind you, not in high definition, actually very low definition, but good enough to see how far your trailer tongue is from your hitch ball or to see if there are any kids playing behind you or if you're about to crash into a parked car.Instructions are worthless, but installation is a no-brainer. You grab your power from the backup light wire, run the cable forward to the dashboard and plug the LCD in for video, and connect the LCD power wire to the red wire that emerges next to the video plug. Easy-peasy. Next on I buy for another vehicle will be a higher priced one to see if it gives a higher quality image, but this one works.
So decided I would attempt to install this myself, save 200$ on installation, in my 2007 Toyota Corolla. I installed my DVD double din stereo, with a relay to bypass the parking break all by myself but this rear camera was WAY too hard for me. I do not think it is the product itself, I think ANY rear view camera would be just as difficult. This however came with a piece of paper supposed to be "directions" ZERO!!!!! help. The one sided 4x4 piece of paper is a complete joke and actually had "directions" for four different koolertron products. After much research on the internet I found directions from a different manufacture of rear view camera, but still you have to remove the rear tail light, find the wire that changes to red&green when in reverse, do extensive wiring from the front of the car to back back, cover up the wire, etc, it was just too much for me. All in all the product is fine, directions are no help, but installation would prove difficult if you don't have a mechanical background. Do your research because there is NO directions or pay the money to have it professionally installed. I gave 3 stars due to the complete lack of directions..
I think it's ok but I still prefer to use my rearview mirrors and turn my head. better used for assurance that no child or pets are not in dangers way before beginning to reverse in your vehicle.
These were so cheap I did not expect much, but they do the job and really aren't that bad.  Really hard to beat compared to a pile of soon to be scratched up disks.
Once a while it will drop out and I have to power it down and turn it back on again. But hard to find a low price decent unit like this.
I bought this deck from best buy just after Christmas, and now it is one week into February... so I have a little over a Month of use.One other person mentioned the volume knob being to slick to move with one finger, yes... I have the same issue... I wish it had a rough surface or rubber around the knob...I does sound great... Although, It is hard to tell the difference between HD and Std Radio... but it sounds good overall.I do have one gripe though... when i first turn on the car and the Radio is in Radio mode, it will switch to USB... I then press the HD Radio Button and it will go to the Radio for a Second then back to USB... it takes a few times to get it to the Radio...Also if I am listening to the Radio and I change Channels using the Preset Button... it sometimes will switch to the USB... Very Annoying!So if It would stay on the radio and not jump to USB all the time, I would give it a 5 Star Rating...UPDATE: The Face Panel Sucks, it is always resetting itself as though it was just turned on... Also If I hit a good Bump in the road it will reset....The Volume knob now turns the Volume "Louder" even when trying to Turn it down... I can turn it up and down and it just keeps getting louder and louder.... Thank God the remote works all the time or everyone in my car would be Deaf!
Cons: Bluetooth call quality is poor. Callerstell me I sound like very far away, and a lot of echo is perceived. I have triedchanging the position of the mic, lowering/increasing mic volume, changingthe BT options for this stereo from my Blackberry's BT options, in order toactivate echo control, etc., to no avail. Kenwood customer service's reply wasto move mic farther away from speakers and/or use another phone. So, nottoo helpful.Also, my Itouch 3G has a problem with this unit. Artists starting with "R" willstart showing correct albums, but not the correct songs within those albums. Inoticed that the songs being shown are those of the artists starting with theletter "A". Weird.Problems reading custom DVD+Rs. Regular/brand new DVDs are read correctly.Equalizer only for 3 bands (wished more bands).Itouch/ipod needs a specific cable for audio/video. Expect to pay around $30for it.Pros: Sound improves over stock stereo (but not by a lot). I suppose mileage may vary for each user, according to the quality of each car's stock stereo.  As well, getting better aftermarket speakers should help (although I did not do that, yet.)Nice screen colors, resolution.Quick connectivity to BT from my Blackberry, importing phonebook, missedcalls, etc. Calls can be made from screen or from the BB itself.CD-R text is read correctly (if user has, indeed, added the appropiate info to the artist, song and album fields, on the ID3 tags.)Easy scroll feature helps when searching for songs, playlists, albums, etc., making it faster.Availability of various ambient colorings, to match your car interior, or as desired.Clock could be adjusted/updated via RDS (radio) information.--------------------------------If Kenwood could come up with improving (vastly) the call quality, it would turn into a great stereo.  Also, the weird problem with iTouch 3G (OS ver. 4.3.1) maybe caused by Apple OS SW update, but from experience, I believe it is more a Kenwood firmware/sw problem.  Notice that the problem only happens when searching songs from the stereo screen, and by artist, not by albums/genres/playlists/etc.
Pros:  Touchscreen sensitivity was flawless, and easy to navigate through the menu options.  The display is also very crisp.  I was able to bypass the parking brake safety feature by connecting the bypass lead to the ground easily as well.  Installation in my Mustang was a breeze using a double din kit and harness.  I opted for the expensive PAC harnes,s which comes with a built in 5V regulator to utilize the factory Shaker 500 subwoofers.  Music quality was improved using stock speakers, and the factory subwoofers hits a lot harder.  I didn't have any issues reading burned CD's, although burned DVD's does not read quite as well.  Another reviewer mentioned that and I was able to confirm.  Bluetooth with my Iphone was very quick to pair, almost instantaneously.  A USB cable is included, but I wished it was a few inches longer so I could run it all the way to the arm rest console which is in the middle of my vehicle.  I used a USB extender and that solved that issue.Cons:  The microphone that comes with it to make phone calls is junk.  Callers can barely hear me, and manipulating the settings on my phone did not help.  This is the biggest drawback with this unit.  Other than phone quality, the head unit is able to see your contact information on screen, and emulated my iphone right on the screen to view missed calls, calls placed, ect.  Making calls and receiving calls is also direct and unconfusing.  Even though the 3 band Equalizer works well, a 5 band would have been nicer.  It also didn't come with a remote.This is a good unit for a basic touchscreen DVD player that is easy to use and will improve sound quality.  If bluetooth calling is a priority, then I would look at other options.
the radio worked great when I first got it, I liked the RDS feature that showed the name of the songs playing on the radio, I even got some traffic updates when I was driving into Denver one day. the USB port died after only a month. at first it would connect and disconnect to the device a few times, I thought the cable was maybe loose and when I went over a bump it jarred it. well one day it disconnected and never connected again. I tried 4 different cables and 4 different devices, it just said reading the whole time and nothing ever happened. I was happy with it until that happened. I sent it back and ordered the KDCX-895, hopefully I won't have any issues with it.
Product is robust, but I can not use both the charger and audio at the same time, it makes extreme noise. The audio without the charger is ok.
The Jvc kw-avx740 head unit is good depending on what you are using it for.I use a 16gb thumb drive for music... I don't own an "i" anything so I am not sure how it works with any of those items.The specs say that it can recognize 5000 files and 250 folders 999 files per folder.No matter what you use to sync the media the best you can get is 999 files with album art because you will at least wind up with one folder.So in my opinion that is all the number of songs you will ever be able to put on it.I have it set on random so it is like a radio station that I might update every 6 months or so. So that works good although I would rather be able to fill the whole thumb drive.Sound quality is very good at 320kbps.I tried loading some .wav files on the thumb drive, it sounded just like a CD, but there will be no album art ( you can't tag a .wav file for album art not the units fault). Not too many units that will read .wav  files. nice feature.The video player works good, I only tried it to see if it worked but not something I think I will ever use.The Bluetooth is pretty bad for unit in this price range.It was picking up every wind and vibrating noise in the car to where I would just wind up turning it off during a conversation.The phone book wouldn't load with my Droid Razr. so that feature is out.I got it to work a bit better by taking the microphone off of the mount and putting it in the middle of a piece of foam rubber and then sticking the foam rubber to the steering column and turning the mic volume to "1". This helps a little bit.It doesn't always pair with the phone either, so it says you are connected but you are actually not. (really irritating)You can turn the screen off all the way which is a nice feature when you are driving down a dark road and don't want the distraction of a lit up screen.Hope to see some firmware or an upgraded Bluetooth module.Would make this a bit closer to 5 star if the Bluetooth worked better.You have to buy the remote separately
This unit was professionally installed. Most features are excellent, however the Bluetooth phone is inaudible to the call recipient.We have taken it back in several times and it appears that there is nothing they can do to fix it.If you are stationary and no fans are operating, it is passable, however if the vehicle is running, forget it!
Overall like the basic stereo.  Music sounds clear with OK volume, similar to my factory deck (thougth it would be better).  DVD screen is great and sound is excellent as well, to bad i never use this...  blue tooth works to play music but then disables your siri.  BT for the actual phone works intermittantly.  I finally became so disapointed with the BT i shut it off and disabled my phone connection.  I have talked with tech support at JVC since the day i received my iphone 4s and they assured me they would release an update soon.  It has been six months now and still no update.  I have called Apple and they say they will work with JVC but they have to initiate the tech call. Most everything else works with the stereo with no problems, i just expected JVC to be a little more on the ball with tech support especially for the iPhone since they advertise right on the package "MADE FOR IPOD AND IPHONE".
It would have been nice to have a size listing for this breadboard. 170 pins is good, but the size is so small that you can barely make but the simplest of circuits. I bought this as I didn't need a large breadboard, but trying to wire up 4 different opamps and some signal conditioning circuits on this thing is pretty much impossible.I gave this a 3 because it does what is promised, it has 170 pins and the jumper wires to go with it, but this should only be used for educational purposes and at the super beginner level at that. Even with that considered, I'd recommend going with a bigger board as you'll quickly out grow this one.
I was expecting it to contain a bus row on each side but these are just terminal strips. The wires are of a higher quality than expected for this price.
My kid is an EE major and needed boards this size for a project real quick, so got these overnighted.  The boards in all of them were fine, and worked no problems.The jumper wires she didn't even bother using.. the insulation was shoddy and bare wire was exposed.  Not all of them were that way, but they were not worth using.  P
I got this mainly for the jumper wires for use on bigger boards.  This board is very tiny and only usable for the most simple circuits.  I also wouldn't use it for any high voltages.
I purchased this for some of my arduino prototyping projects. The product works okay. The breadboard works as it should, but 40% of the jumper wires are flimsy and the tips break off very easily.
The jumpers work well, the board is really small though. If this is you first solderless breadboard you may want to consider a larger board with the +/- bus sections
I'm an engineering student who needed a sensor for obstacle avoidance in an autonomous boat competition. This sensor is cheap and works, but the advertised range of 3 meters is not achievable. Beyond 1 meter, the readings are completely unusable, and even at closer distances, I had to take the median of 5 pulses to filter out all of zeros that it would return between valid measurements.For most hobbyists experimenting with programming and small scale robotics, this would probably fit the bill, but my boat traveled at high speed and 1 meter didn't give enough time to react, so an alternative had to be devised. At $6 though, its cheap, and worth experimenting with if your building something where the range limitation isn't an issue.
I bought this to create a robot with my raspberry pi and I am not an electrical engineer I was able to find a few helpful websites.
I have been working with these sensors now for a couple of months.  The work perfectly in the lab environment; however, we are encountering some unexpected and unexplained anomalies when they are mounted to a robot.  We have proofed the quality of power supplied and a solid ground circuit.  We are currently looking a chassis vibration to see if it might be causing the issue.It is worthy to note that these sensors work flawlessly in the lab environment.
I'm pretty happy with this unit in its design and form factor.  But operationally, I've found that I'm getting questionable results when using it in conjunction with Arduino ping and newping libraries.  Main issues:- I'll get a zero response upon timeout.  This is probably the library's fault, not the unit's.  With a zero response, I can't tell if I'm really close, or just getting timeouts.- I'll get spurious zero responses- The sensor will not detect objects that don't reflect well (e.g., objects at an angle, some curved objects)The one that really has me stuck is where I've set this up to run atop an RC car.  Again, I'm not sure if it's the library or the device or the circuit I'm using.  But when I run this with the same power source as my RC car over a period of time, eventually I start getting invalid responses.  I've fully isolated the electronics from the motors using optocouplers, too.  So until I get that ironed out, I can only give a three star rating.
I like the size of the ranging detector. I will need to get an electronic technician to help me finish wiring it for use with my water tank. Great price however, you shold be knowledgeable in electronics to adapt it to your tank etc.
These SR-04s are readily available now for under two dollars each. I have a dozen of them from various importers. They work OK with various Arduino libraries. It's an extremely useful sensor for countless project.As some people noted, they also return garbage data at times, especially right after the distance to the target changes. Some of the units are better than others that way, some are quite bad. What the issue seems to be is not responding fast enough for the software, or not at all. Many example sketches translate the invalid state to "0 cm". A filter in the code to discard bad results helps, but that slows average response. If you use the NewPing library's timer interrupt mode, you get no "0 cm", the code waits, sometimes a second or more. I'm not 100% clear on this yet. It's best to buy several and use the better ones. For me, the more expensive 3 pin "Ping" module, that the SR04 apparently copied, performs much better.
Only one issues with this device.1 packaging was bad, you don't ship static sensitive products in a sheet of bubble plastic. The static from the plastic can toast the electronics before they get to you -1star2 the construction of the product seems in good condition no bad solder joints as far as I have seen.
It does the job but has sensitivity issues. getting it to work constantly at the range I need is difficult (2.4 meters).
I like this thing it works with my arduino uno but I need some robot wheels to finish my project so I haven't used it much. It will give some crazy far off numbers every once in awhile so it's not perfect or anything. But it should be good enough for a small project.
I setup  a program on the Arduino to use this product to measure the distance between the sensor and an object in  front  of the sensor.There were times I would nearly be touching the sensor when it would report that the object was 4 cm away. I don't know if it's a limitation of the sensor or the way I was using it.
this comes in a small box and no instructions. i haven't used it yet i am still leaning how to use microcontrollers and i hoping this might be a good way to help me learn.
These work fine and can be used anywhere, but I prefer to use the 3 wire version. less resources is better.
It's nicely made, but harder to get working with the arduino because it has 4 pins instead of the three that the built-in sensor library is written for. I got it to work in a few instances, but this isn't something I'd recommend for a beginner.
i got 3 from this seller for my school project, but only 2 works, the third one looks old and rusty...... sad story.. would be 5 stars if all ok...
This camera seems to take video in decent quality.  You're not going to capture license plate numbers with this thing(even if the car is right in front of you) but it will show what color a traffic light is as you drive into an intersection.  As other reviewers have stated, the manual is difficult to understand due to the poor translation but it isn't hard to figure out how to get it up and running.The only major issue I have with it is that for no reason at all the time stamp will freeze at random while driving and wont start again until the car is turned off and then turned on again.  This results in the time being wrong on the video.  The video is not affected by this though.  If I can find a way to just disable the date/time stamp I will because every time I reset the date and time it always off by several hours within a day or two.The suction cup mount that comes with the camera is really cheap and mine broke about in about a week.  I then used the adhesive mount and place it right next to the rear view mirror mount and it works just fine.What I do like about it is that since it runs off the 12v outlet there is no need to remember to charge a battery for it.  Also the feature that re-writes over the oldest file when the memory card is full is great selling point.So my bottom line is that if/when this thing breaks I'll replace it with a different brand instead of another one of these.
I have the Itonics one with GPS for the front windshield but, I wanted an inexpensive one for the rear window that I could just leave there. This feels pretty cheap. It's lightweight and feel I could crush it in my hand if I pressed too hard on it. But, I can live with that since my intent is to set it and forget it.  Using it only as a back up.  I don't know how it will do in the summer when temps get above 90 F. The 12v  power cord to the the lighter is about 6 feet (My Itronics one is at least twice that).  OK if you are using it in the front but I had to buy a 10' extension to get it to the rear. I've never liked suction cup mounts and the upright mount was shaky and too low. So I opted to put velcro on the top of the unit and the top of the rear head rest. That actually works better. It doesn't shake and it gives me the height to record above my rear spoiler.The video quality is fine but I can't say I care for the 5 second video clips. It is against the law to record someone's voice without their knowledge.  It's a wire tapping law and why a cop can stop you from recording something with your phone camera.  Video is legal, audio is not.  With my Itronics I could turn the audio off.  With this there is no way to adjust anything via software. So I had to inform anyone in my car that audio is being recorded or just disconnect it. The only software for this camera is 2 binary files that flash the ROM. One makes it record right side up. The other records upside down.  The manual was VERY unclear on any of this.  And was obviously translated to English, poorly.  It actually says to "delect" the bin file. Twice. Is that Select or delete?  I believe they meant delete. There is a text file that you use to set the date and time.  That's was pretty straight forward.So there it sits on top of my rear seat blinking away.  When it's on it blinks a red diode constantly.  Could be annoying to some. But, it is finally doing what I need.  Although for what you get I think this should be priced around 40 dollars.I'd say if you are only buying one dash cam spend the extra and get a good model with GPS and software that lets you tweak how you want to use it.  This is good for a cheap back up although as I said it is still over priced.
i got this demon 3000 amp a day ago  and today i hooked it up in ford 250  0 gauge power n ground,kenwood deck, 12''pioneer champion series pro 4ohm wired at 2 ohm in a single vented sub zero box , amp says rms of 1300 and it sounds pretty clear n seems to drop low low bass hard! so far i like ... had no probs with amp so far n eyes light up so pretty obvious when on,i read made in china so i kinda felt sick ... but other than that the  rating is  from my first go round good price so id say it does the job . hope this helps ,also i have had multiple amps and setups thought id try this power acoustik amp .
I purchased this to install Pyle double DIN head unit in my 2011 Sienna. It turned out that the opening is too small to fit the head unit. I had to use a utility knife to painstakingly trim and enlarge the opening to make the head unit fit in it. It took me 2 hours to make it work.
this expensive piece of plastic can hold any type of handheld microphone until the self adhesive backing gives up and you find it on the floor of your vehicle.It is not worth buying and you can probably find something else to hold your microphone.
These sensors give off a considerable amount of false signaling, but I suppose are better than nothing at all. Note, the included hole saw is a bit too large,  which allows a loose/sloppy fit of the sensors in your bumper. I had to silicone glue them in from behind the bumper to keep them in securely. I have since traded in the vehicle and now have factory installed backup sensors in my new vehicle...What a difference !!Note: The optional license plate mounts (you have to ask for) look almost home made and fell apart in my hands.
Installed item in car worked ok at first then it went completely dead. Checked  fuses they were ok checked power to unit ok sent item back
I put the radio in about a month ago id say and I love having the auxiliary, usb, and sd card slots. But the buttons are all messed up so when I try to turn it off it changes the audio input and sometimes turns the loud settings on and off. Other than that it is a great radio.
had a hard time getting to run the thing. the drivers that come with it don't work on vista, but you can find working ones online (see below). it's also important to install the drivers first before you connect the scanner to the computer. then, connect first the scanner to your OBD port, then to your laptop, then start software (EasyOBDII works great and is free), then turn the ignition to "on". Then it should connect, unless you have to juggle with COM ports first. COM3 worked best for me.Every time you get a connection error, UNPLUG the scanner from both your car and the laptop, otherwise the same error will come up again.great how-to and drivers can be found here:[...]
Short and sweet.  Looks like a good device for my motorcycle, when I hooked it up the plug fell off the wire that hooks to the docking station and they sent the wrong handlebar clamp.  Got the right clamp sent just waiting to see if they will send another wire for me.  Just want HELP......
These look awesome at night, but the wires are very fragile, and they look quite stupid in the window during the day. If you have window tints on the inside, it will rip it off.
the unit is ok. it records in HD just like it says it would. but, the mount is very cheap and flimsy . i already broke the plastic piece that holds the spring to keep the suction cup in place ..and ive only had this thing a week. customer support for this product is non existent.
As others, I was impressed with the video quality during light hours.However, the lever that lifts the suction broke off on the second use. Thanks to Amazon return policy, I've replaced this cam with another model.Pluses:- No need for any software;- The unit uses Windows .avi files, which is very convenient;- USB connection allows uploading the data to a computer without removing the cam or the memory card;- The battery is removable.Minuses:- Poor mount;- The cam is relatively heavy for mounting on the windshield;- The lens can be tilted to only a very limited angle. In fact, it is basically a two-position deal, as the lens would not stay in any intermediate position. It limits the positioning of the cam on the windshield.Overall, it is a good camera but be aware of the suction mount and limited angle. It does not appear to be strong enough for this camera.
Bought a camera 6 months ago and the holder broke it down. Couldn't find in the store to buy a holder. ;(
The description is misleading. This camera does not have a GPS feature like other cameras on the market. Very disappointing.Camera also feels very cheap and the user manual has many errors - appears to have been translated to English from some other language.
I bought this product based on positive reviews, good specs and now I'm sending it back.Pros:Great video quality at Day time, Sound recording, Compact size, Wide lens, cycle recording.Cons:Bad video quality at evening/night recording, plastic feels cheap, camera holder suction does not hold!!!I had to replace it every morning/evening when got back to car. After it felt again and usb connector and camera usb slot got damaged i decided to return it. Spending 150$ and it starts to break in 3 days, it is not worth it.
The problem I am running into is finding a place to get the key cut, hasn't fit in any of the machines yet
The case arrived a week late and had no instructions but I had to figure out how to transfer transponder, the electronic card and battery to this FOB. I gave 3 stars because of late shipment and no instructions other wise this is good FOB-case for people to convert 2 pcs key/fob to one fob with flip key but it's slightly bigger. Quality is good. it should include Infiniti logo stick on to cover screw hole also and not just Nissan.I update the review 10/2/2012 as the seller wants me to delete my review.
I bought this for my harley, and although it looks great, its very hard to see the display, the words are very faint gry/blue on black background. I do like the bluetooth features but seem to loose signal quite often as it takes cell tower signal.
Color is ok. The problem was the installation. I had to clip half of the bulb's wings so they'll fit.
This unit was working fine until one day I turned on the radio and got no sound.  I fumbled around and found that switching DSP Mode from "Through" to "Bypass" brought back the sound.  The Reset got the audio back but it did so at the expense of audio 'shaping' controls -- no equalizer, no speaker size settings, no car volume size, etc., and I have no idea what caused the receiver to lose its audio.  The KDC-BT952HD is a superb unit WHEN IT'S WORKING PROPERLY.  But this is ridiculous.Update 11/09/2013 4:15pm:-------------------------I found out you can resurrect the DSP mode of the receiver by using a paper-clip or something like it to reset the receiver to its factory defaults.  There is a Reset pin-hole behind the flip-down faceplate -- turn on the receiver and press the paper-clip into the hole. DSP "Through" Mode will now be functional.  However, when you turn the receiver on, it comes up in Demo Mode.  All your personal settings are lost and have to be re-entered (right, like I wrote them down).  Anyway, my receiver wasn't toast, just temporarily brain-dead.  Now let's see if this is a one-time occurrence or the first of more to come...Update 11/11/2013:------------------At about the same time as I discovered the Reset trick, I also sent an email to Kenwood customer support on Saturday and explained the "no-audio" problem I was having.  They responded quickly (the same day) and pointed me to their website, where firmware updates for the KDC-BT952HD are available, saying the no-audio problem was one of the problems addressed in the update.  I downloaded the updates, burned one to a CD and copied the other to a USB thumbdrive, as directed in the download instructions, and followed the instructions on the website for installing the updates.  Took about a half-hour to install both updates.  Having to reset the DSP parameters after the update was a nuisance but a small price to pay for a free fix and very responsive customer service.  Whether it completely fixed the root cause of the problem is another matter, since it's impossible for me to test for the absence of a problem - it may occur again in a week or a year, or never.For the record, this is the second time I've contacted Kenwood -- the first was a year ago concerning an initial installation wiring issue with the radio -- and in both cases they responded promptly and courteously with exactly the information I was looking for.  Service like that is a rare commodity nowadays.
bought this gauge when a previous analog type broke, i love the digital readout / but the handle grip is kind of cheaply madewhile securing the male air hose end to pistol the handle cracked, had to put epoxy to stop slow leak.
Well, it has magnets and looks like it will hold an ipod or phone but I have serious doubts about waterproof. Especially since there is mesh all along the non-zipper side. I dont ride in the rain/wet often but I do live in Washington State so it's not always optional. This is definitely a summer item.
Provides the same amount of protection as the Harley branded one. However, the magnets on the Shark-moto as nowhere near as strong as the Harley brand. I have a 06 FLHX and had this case come off at 65 mph. Only thing that saved it was the 3.5mm audio cable.***I no longer have the HK audio system in my FLHX,  now I have mounted it in my RH saddlebag using 3M double sided tape. Nice and secure now.***
The description is very misleading, says it is water proof but there is no way that it can be due to the mesh hinge. I have not used it and I am returning it.
This is a pretty nice product, it is not water proof, but perhaps resistant to brief sprinkles.  The magnets seem a little weak, though, and I am a bit fearfull the bag might blow loose at highway speeds, although it hasn't given any trouble yet at highway speeds.  I plan to keep it and use it.  It is less than half the price of the Harley Davidson version sold in the Harley stores.
I bought this primarily to hold a garage door opener for when I go in and out of the garage on my motorcycle.  It works fine for this, and keeps it dry and protected from the elements.The magnets in this unit are pretty weak.  It stayed on my bike OK the first few times that I rode, but I was concerned that it would fly off it I hit some strong wind. Losing my garage remote that does not weigh much is one thing.  Possibly losing my cell phone or iPod is another thing entirely.  I would not trust it for that.  I ended up taking the magnet out of a dead hard drive from an old computer and slid it in the back of the unit and the added strength of this made it much more reliable.I've been satisfied with it so far, but I did not have very high expectations to begin with.
As other people have indicated, it would provide additonal comfort if the magnets were a bit stronger.  But with a windshield on my bike, I rode miles over 70 mph, hitting a few good size bumps, and the bag didn't move.  Can't say I wasn't nervous but the bag held.  Without a windshield, not sure if I would trust it.
This case has only ever &#34;bounced&#34; off to the side of my tank once in 2 years. NYC is full of potholes and unkempt streets, but it's stayed mostly right wherever I placed it. Unfortunately, it's not very water resistant at all, and once it gets wet, you may have to wait a few days for it to dry. It's also difficult to hit the home button on my iPhone.But given its price, I would advise most people to pull the trigger on this, because you can always run the risk of losing a more expensive one, and you can probably but 3 of these before the next cheapest.
They aren't as nice as the originals, but for the price they will work. I had a button sticking on my old key fob so I bought 2 of these.
this item did the job well after some trimming to remove the plastic flashing preventing the assembly of the two pieces.