Cobra HG S500.There are no instructions in the box and there are two wires.A Google search shows nothing.I went to the Cobra site and found this at [...]To make it short and sweet it says;How do I connect my Cobra Talkback Speaker?Model: CS500On the CS500, connect the flat cable to the speaker jack. Connect the round cable to the PA jack. Turn the Dynamike control all the way up on the CB, and adjust the talkback volume on the speaker.Model: HGS500On the HGS500, connect the black wire to the speaker jack. Connect the red wire to the PA jack. Turn the Dynamike control all the way up on the CB, and adjust the talkback volume on the speaker. The volume control is located on the back of the speaker. The pushbutton on the back of the speaker is a noise filter.NOTE: If your radio does not have a PA jack, then you cannot use the talkback feature. In this case the CS500 and the HGS500 will act as a simple extension speaker.
I am a ham operator, not a CB'er. My rigs (2 of them) are both mobile units being used as base stations. Their inboard speakers are of no value. I tried replacing them with external speakers. At first I was dissappointed. Most external speakers (inexpensive ones) give poor quality sound. I then tried this Cobra. Fantastic! This speaker is built very well, has a large speaker, and produces the best sound that I have found from any external speaker. I purchased two of them, one for each rig, and am completely satisfied.
I've owned this microphone for about 4 years. I'm a regional trucker who drives about 100,000 miles per year. I have a Galaxy CB and this noise cancelling mic does wonders. Low bass, no windnoise, and very clear. I hold the mouthguard on the side of my face instead of talking directly into the shield. Anyone who knows me will verify I spend too much time on the CB, but I can be heard loud and clear from my store bought radio with no add ons. I recently encountered a problem with not transmitting occasionally when I key up. I tried an A-Static brand mic and no one on the other end recognizes my voice. The tone on the A-Static is high pitch. Sooo, I am ordering a new HG M84W, and will put up with the other one until this one arrives. The finger grips on the HG fit my hand well and make it very comfortable to use; not like the awkward triangular models. The retractable cord on my hanger(on the cab's ceiling) fits around the rear pin on the HG but not on the A-Static. And the woodgrain matches my Peterbilt's dash. I give it 4 stars only because I have to replace it; one for each year. Happy Trails 10-4.
Picked these up with some X-mas money, mainly for play use with my 4yr old son, with some minor utility while out with the family.For the kids, and light usage, they can't be beat considering the price. I did take them to the mall, and frequently had people on the same channels, as well as reception issues (it's a big concrete structure after all).But for walking around the neighborhood, going to a park, or maybe usage in a department store, they serve their purpose well.If you're looking for more heavy duty, longer range, high-security 2-way's, these aren't for you.If you want simple, easy to use, light usage radios, this is your best bet.
Being a ham operater I also have a need to be able to track small children and also use to have car to car comunications we found the units good for both uses. the smallness made them most useful while hikeings and for keeping tabs on the kids. I would recomend to anyone.
I was reluctant to get a system after reading the reviews but I got mine yesterday and after tying every cd I could find (several cd-rs included) it worked fine. It read every cd I put in it. It's a beautiful system and the sound is exquisite.
In case you're wondering like I did, this product is designed to mount a monitor to the side of or between two seats. It is fully adjustable in all directions.I bought this mount for a PYLE monitor so I could mount it to the headrest of the second row seat for my son to watch from his car seat. Since the car seat is rear-facing, this mount allows the monitor to be mounted to the side of the seat out of kicking range of our 11 month old. It could be a little more stable, but as long as the road isn't overly bumpy, it works fine.
If you like the way this radio looks and like the performance potential and if the reviews are ok, then buy it. I think that since the government hasn't banned this radio from sale, there must be a reason. Perhaps if there were an event in the US of great enough magnitude, the government, including local, state and federal, wouldn't think twice about communicating with someone with a radio of this kind. In a crisis anyone with any kind of radio would be an asset. But please, don't abuse it. Buy two and put one in a metal box of some kind to shield it from EMP. That way, if there is a crisis, you can get back up and running.
SEEMS LIKE A VERY COST EFFECTIVE WAY TO PROTECT A SPEAKER FROM DAMAGE.  IT IS VERY EASY TO FIT AND LOOKS GREAT.
I bought this amp to use with my RF Modulator from Channel Vision. My only complaint is it was a bit pricey.
I love my Xact Sirius receiver. I works great, and I like the fact that the docking station can be turned to most any angle. Plus, Sirius may cost $3 more a month, but it has more than twice as much commercial free stations. That makes it so worth the extra $$$$
I have had this on my truck for a couple years now...Works great and really great when I pull in under a low branch, or sign, and it bends back easily without being too light a spring.  Only problem I have is that rust is showing a bit.  BUT, that being said, I live on the NW OregonCoast, and you can taste the salt in the air when the fog is rolling inwards, West, off the Pacific.  And, that sucks for many many things that rust.  Otherwise, I WOULD reccomend this to friends & family too
Firestik has been in the CB business for many years, so their quality is unbeatable. I would definitely buy this again.
it does its job and keeps the antenna from snapping but it doesnt screw into the bedside stake hole mount all the way on my truck i think i have to shave a few threads off
Received my spring with damage to the package. The spring was slightly bent but I straightened it out in a few minutes. Would have givin 5 stars If it weren't for the damn thing arriving bent but firestik makes great products and this is one of them. Just be sure your product isn't beat to hell when it arrives haha.
Works as designed in my case.  It is very stiff so might provide too little flex fore my Firestick II antenna.
I have a 4 foot fiberglass antenna and it still sways a lot at highway speed.  This spring is a LOT better than the medium duty spring I had, and would probably be quite sufficient for a stainless whip.  If you have a fiberglass antenna though, go for something just a touch beefier.
I have a 4' Firefly Firestik antenna mounted in the bed of a 2012 Tacoma. This spring is a bit over load for the antenna. It's a bit too strong for the antenna I have. I should have got a medium weight spring.BUT. It's a solid quality product and I'm happy with it none the less. Just keep in mind a 4' Firefly antenna is a bit too light for this spring.
I have a 102&#34; whip antenna and this spring handles it just fine at highway speeds.  I don't think you'll find a stiffer spring for the money.
It's a heavy spring looks to be ok have not yet. Installed it yet ill put it on this week end
This is a good spring mount for the fire stick. Went with this one because reviews for the med duty weren't as good but I might actually prefer more flex. Still a quality product and good price
AS ADVERTISED AND WORKS WELL ON MY TRUCKS.  BOTH HAVE WORKED WELL WITH 3 AND 4' FIRESTIX THAT I HAD PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED.  BOTH GIVE GOOD RESISTANCE AND ADDITION OF INTEGRITY TO THE BUBBA MOUNT INSTALLATION THAT I HAVE HAD DROPPED IN.  I LIVE IN OREGON AND HAVE AN ORCHARD OF HAZELNUTS.  I ALSO TRAVEL FOR WORK AND DO PROPERTY AND HOME INSPECTIONS.  THIS SORT OF THING IS WORTH THE MONEY SPENT IN ORDER GET IT RIGHT,  INSTALLER RECOMMENDS IT TOO.  THANKS.
As with any Firestik product I have purchased, it is top quality. I don't use this as much as I thought I would, but only because the Firestik antenna I got is very light and does not stress the mount that much. I do keep it in the jeep in case I get in a tight trail. Just make sure you check and adjust your SWR after install/removal.
It's actually a bit too heavy duty for me. I have it attached to a bracket I built and then a four foot fiberglass antenna on top of that and I can barely get the thing to flex. The medium duty spring would have been better for my application, but this is nice. No word though on longevity, but looks and feels quality.
There is just the right amount of tension in the spring to keep it upright in freeway speed winds.  It has a quality finish and looks professionally made as all products from Firestik.
I put this on a couple of years ago and it's still doing great.  A couple notes and the reason I gave it 4 instead of five stars...  The spring itself is great, I recommend if you are running a fiberglass antenna, or a whip, definitely get the HD spring.  However, I swap between the whip for freeway driving, and the fiberglass stick for around town and the problem is with removing one to install the other.  The threaded insert that is held in place by the spring will slip if you put down your antenna too tight.  I put my antenna tight as to prevent easy theft and have to use needle nose vice grips to hold the base while I turn my antenna every time. This problem could've been eliminated by having an oval shape to the top spring, or simply a flat side to the insert/spring to eliminate slippage.
well built, solid, just the right amount of flex. Dont cheap out on a lesser quality or you will be replacing them soon.
Installed it on a firestik.  It is more/less a shock absorber for an antenna.  Recommended if you install an antenna on any kind of automobile.
Paired with the Firestick Antenna to make sure something doesnt snap when offroading.Very stiff but I feel that it does its job quite well.
This spring works as I expected. I have not hit anything with the antenna, but I expect it will be just fine.
This spring has saved my Firestik antenna on the trails! Without it, my antenna would be lost up in the woods, snapped in half somewhere. Perfect amount of flex but still stiff at the same time.
They to came early and was in good shape and un opened they fit into the mounts on my tool box and work great
Put on a new Firestik NGP antenna on my motorhome and also one of these. It is very stiff, can't imagine it actually bending before the antenna is way over. I put on a fold over/remove unit (Breedlove) and lower the antenna when near trees/branches.
These look great with my antennas, even in high winds they dont let the antennas hit that cab.  One of the springs seemed to be lop-sided but once I moved it around a bit it was fine.  Would buy this product again.
Using it on 10/20/40m hamstiks. Shipped quickly and looks well made. Has just enough give but not so much as to let the antenna bend to far horizontal at 60-70mph
Thanks for your providing that Firestik 4' Firestik Ii Fs Series Tunable Tip Cb Antenna , and this mount is great too .
ts a antenna spring... what else is there to say? One thing to mention though is this one is a little shorter then the Medium Spring. I had one Heavy Duty spring and one Medium Duty spring on my dual antenna setup and you could see one antenna was shorter then the other. That's why I had to buy this one.
Works as expected.  It's just a but hard to tighten the antenna into it as there isn't a hex on top to hold it while tightening the antenna, or trying to.
This works well with the 5 foot antenna it gives the antenna just enough play so it isn't too stiff.
Haven't installed it yet but it was shipped fast, price was astoundingly low...and looks like it is exactly what I wanted. A larger 'spring mount' from Radio Shack rusted out so bad after a couple years it wasn't grounded anymore-yet cost 3 times as much as was supposed to be stainless steel...
This product does flex but not flexible enough. This does not work with factory attachments for semi's, have to get the old attachments. The factory attachments are on the plastic mirrors, get after market attachment.
This is smaller then i thought it would be. its best for a flexible whip or a 3 maybe 4 foot fiberglass.
I sprayed this down with Safari Charlie to inhibit rust since I had that problem with my Firestik quick disconnector and I suspect this has the same finish.  So far, no problems.This spring is way stronger than my antenna mount so I'm not drifting into my garage or driving like Bond through a parking garage in Tomorrow Never Dies.  I will confirm that it deflects well enough at 55MPH with a 4' Firestik II to alleviate my worries of the antenna snapping off at the base.
I use this spring with the Fire Stick 3' and the Tram 269 Triple 5&#34; Magnet CB Antenna Mount. Does not bend back at highway speed. Does bend when you hit a tree limb or drive through over hang.
I bought this for use with a four foot FireStik II on a FireStik hood channel mount. It works well with these items... My only complaint is that it may be too strong of a spring. It's very hard to get it to bend at all. I feel like the mounting plate flexes more than the spring! However, that may change as time goes on. Overall I'm satisfied.
I recently installed this along with a Wilson 1000 antenna. I find that I can usually talk over distances of 5 - 8 miles under most conditions on AM, but SSB is always a roll of the dice, depending on the atmospherics. Suffice it to say it can go many multiples of that if the skip is cooperating. This radio has very good receive and audio, making it a pleasure to use on the road. In combination with this particular antenna, it gets out loud and clear, too. I really like the adjustable talkback control as well as the dimmer control for the faceplate. I find bright lights annoying for night driving. So, turn up the lights for easy reading in the daylight and turn it down to keep the excess glare away at night. The standard microphone is a marginal piece for a radio this good, so I replaced it with an Astatic 636L, which I much prefer. I'm very pleased with this set's performance and it offers some nice features at a reasonable price.Pros: solid performance, nice stylingCons: cheap mike, too large for in-dash mounting in many applications
This is exactly the same as the original, now I have to figure out how to program it.No instructions came with it.I am thankful I still have the original paperwork from when I had the alarminstalled 10 years ago.
I had two transmitters for my vehicle and one stopped working.  This was a replacement for the broken one.  The problem can in programming.  The instructions that come with this transmitter are generic.  I followed them and it did program the new transmitter-But my second transmitter stopped working.  I had to get the specific manual for my alarm system to program both transmitters.  They are easy to download of the internet. There was nothing wrong with this transmitter.  And it would be virtually impossible for the vendor to provide instructions for every alarm system this transmitter can be used on.  It is a great deal on a good transmitter.
This was exactly the item I needed at the time but I no longer have this Iten or the Car it belonged too.
Worked just like it was meant to. No problems with the programming. Great Price. Worked right out if the box.
This is my second Kenwood unit and I couldn't be happier with it.  The unit produces excellent sound with both the CD player and the AM/FM receiver.  Since I don't have an HD tuner or a Sirius receiver, I can't comment on the functionality of either one of these.The KDC-MP5028 is relatively easy to use for the technically inclined, but for those who swear at the VCR because they can't set the clock, this unit I do not recommend.  The setup and menu options are not as intuitive as other players, and the control knob is a four-way joystick controlled by a single finger/thumb - it takes a little getting used to.The display is easy to read, but has limited information to display.  It will display whatever you tell it to - either the station frequency or name (if you've named it), or the CD title, track title, track number, artist, or whatever - but it won't scroll different pieces of information (so far as I've found).  Probably not a big deal if you know what CD you put in.The display has an adaptable angle.  At the press of a button, it will adjust the vertical display angle to suit the user.  Also the display key buttons can display in either red or green.  Also when inserting or removing CD's, the entire face folds down to show the CD slot, and the disc will be ejected if one is alreay inserted.The built in equalizer has a good variety of built in sounds for listening to different formats such as Rock, Top 40, Jazz, etc.One of the more interesting features on this Kenwood that I had not noted before was a Telephone Mute wire.  According to the manual, this will send a signal from an integrated telephone to the unit to mute when a call is coming received in the vehicle.  I don't have any direct data to work with, but I'm guessing that this will make it a unit suitable for use in a vehicle equiped with On-Star.One of the more important features to me was that this unit will play MP3 and WMA files (as well as AAC, but with some restrictions).  See [...] for details.  It will play MP3 files from 8 t0 320 kbps sampling rate and WMA's from 48 to 192 kbps sampling rate.  This feature alone makes any long distance trip easier whether satelite radio service is available or not.Other useful features include Scan/Random/Repeat play.  Also there is a wire that connects to the factory harness to allow the vehicles headlights to cause the display to dim.  This is not an adaptive dim such as for the interior lights, but rather a high/low, and does make a difference when driving at night.  This feature is selectable on/off.I do wish there was more information I could provide regarding the HD Tuner and the CD changer, but from what I can gather reading the manual, my guess is only one can be connected at a time.  There is only one port on the rear for controlling a CD changer/HD tuner, although there is the Aux Input that can be used; this is strictly an input only - no controls.
Knowing there wasn't a lot of room behind the dash board I went looking for a car radio with Sirius built-in.  I think the Kenwood EZ-700SR is the only model available.  Your other options are to attach a good sized black box to the unit, about the size of two packs of cigarettes.  The caveat with this unit is that it will not work without a Sirius subscription.  So if you're unsure about satellite radio, better try it at home until you're sure you'll renew for the life of your car.  Once you unsubscribe NOTHING on this radio will function.  That is its major flaw.The radio installed easily.  I did it myself and I am not a professional installer.  You will need the wire harness connector for your particular car to solder to the radio's wire harness plug.  I installed this in my 1994 Honda Civic Sedan.  It sounds great and the cosmetics are ok.  I find the look of all of these aftermarket radios to be a bit retro.  The factory radio I took out was much more contemporary and had surfaces that didn't show fingerprints (no chrome or plastic).  The display is a disappointment.  This $300 radio doesn't scroll the Sirius channel/title/artist like my $25 home Sirius radio does.  You can display these items but you must push a button to display each element.  Not very safe when you're driving.  It also comes with a remote control, another odd feature that I can't imagine people using while they're driving.  Two standard RCA jacks connect to an AUX line in that can be connected to a standard RCA-to-3 contact Mini plug for your iPod or any other player with a standard mini headphone jack.  Although this doesn't provide any radio control over the iPod (or display) I prefer this because the dock connection sound level is not as loud as the headset out.  And frankly, the iPod interface is easier to use than anything you could put on a radio head.  The antenna has a pretty big connector on it, so you may have trouble finding a hole to run it through.  This is another major flaw.  The connector should connect to a smaller screw-on sleeve that would be not much bigger than the wire.  Kenwood does this on their 2-way mobile radios, so why not here?  Fortunately I already had a 1/4" hole in the roof for my ham radio antenna, so I just made an extra gap for the Sirius antenna cable.  Most people would be better off paying the $80 for professional installation because of the difficulty in installing the antenna and the need to solder the wire harness connectors together.Kenwood usually writes excellent manuals, but this one is only fair.  It's poorly translated from Japanese and some of the syntax is a little off.  The buttons are poorly labeled and the interface isn't always intuitive.  For example, using the remote to type in a direct Sirus channel you would expect to type the 3 digits and it would go to it OR 3 digits and something like "enter."  The actual, odd-ball sequence is the 3 digits plus the right arrow key.  It took me a while to figure this out.Another gripe is why they didn't include the electronics for HD Radio.  This is a shame.  No one is going to go back and add yet another black box to use this function -- for one thing, there's no more room left behind the dash.  Surely the necessary electronics can't add more than $10 to the cost at the manufacturer's level.  I would gladly have paid a higher retail price up front for this feature.The head unit detaches and has a special case to carry it around to deter theft.  The unit also provides for an anti-theft code that will disable the unit if removed.Overall, this was the clear winner of the choices available.  I have to think that at all of these consumer electronics firms car audio must be the place they stick the entry-level engineers because there's not much continuity or innovation in any of these products.  There's a very paint-by-the-numbers feel to them and I get the impression that completely different teams work on each element: the AM/FM section, HD Radio, Satellite Radio, the head interface, etc. with little coordination until final assembly.One final thought, if you do install the unit yourself you'll need to work outside where the satellite antenna will have a clear view of the sky.  Any kind of solid roof will block the signal and remember that nothing on this radio will work until the Sirius subscription is activated.  I'd also suggest you test it (and activate the subscription) after everything is wired but BEFORE you put all of the panels back inside the car.  If you've crimped the antenna wire causing it to ground out on the car chassis, you'll still be able to troubleshoot it.
The local installer was a bit of a chump but he did good work and was super affordable.  I recommend this card around Northeast Ohio, but make sure your area is service by someone decent.
Well cause dad really did like it but advice for y'all is make sure its on a CB freqancy before u buy it
according to the owner's manual, the transmit current consumption is 10A, nominal input voltage 12V, therefore the nominal transmit power consumption is 120W, however, the manual specifies on page 2 that the selectable RF power output is: 1/4/10W, so, this is not a 50W rig as the advertisement claims - it's a 10W rig, and it appears to be a converted CB radio because the labeled frequency range is not step-wise linear; if you intend to use this rig as a base-station, you need a ground-plane antenna kit
These speakers sound great for the price. Install was simple as all necessary hardware was included. Would recomend these highly.
Stereo was exactly what we had expected..It arrived in perfect condition, on time and at the price quoted..The transaction could not have gone smoother..
We all know that the Sirius content is outstanding.  The SR-H550 is a great unit.  The unit doesn't get hot like my pervious unit, the Audiovox SIR-PNP2.  The blue display is a nice change from the orange.  The audio quality is very good.  You can also buy rack ears ($15) for mounting in higher end audio systems.  The remote fits the hand well, simple design.  The SR-H550 also has game alert for keeping track of your favorite football or hockey team.The power supply should be built into the unit, it is outside the unit on the power cord.  The circuit board only takes up about 1/4 of entire unit.  The board could be moved forward and the radio could be less deep.  If it also came in black, that would be a plus.
Nice device for the use. Handles wear and tear, good suction mount, just bulky for how small the actual radio is.
When I purchased my satellite radio the mount that came with the system didn't work with my car.  I drive and infinity G35 and for all those who drive them know that the dashboard is curved thus making it impossible to mount anything on it.  I did some research and found this suction-cup mount kit and it works great.  I highly recommend this product for anyone that 1. drives and infinity G35 or 2. just wants a cleanly mounted system.
This mount really holds to the window and is easy to release when necwssary.  It is very versitile but could use at least one more swivel point.
I bought this cause it was cheap and It arrived on time. Brand New. If it burns out then its because it was cheap.
This amp is great for what I paid for it, but it does tend to overheat sometimes. I have it hooked up to my 12" MTX Terminators, and they really pound hard. It impresses all of my friends at school, and sounds good overall too.
I would buy this amp again with out a doubt for my other truck when I imporove the sound system. Definetly worth the money if you are willing to compromise some on power, to save money! Decent Amp, I'm replacing an amp got ruined by an accident which cost me twice as much. So when I got this amp I  loved the compact size. The amp pushes my 12" kenwood sub with ease and it sounds great.
Very nice amp, power my 10 inch pioneer sub very nicely! Great price, great amp, easy to install, and 1000 watts, it pushes great!
If you go by "You get what you pay for" then this amp will work for you. It is pushing two 12 inch JVC's in a ported box and has not over heated yet. Seems to be working fine, the only issue is that YOU HAVE TO PLAY WITH THE ADJUSTMENTS ALOT in order for the amp to sound decent. Again, it not a bad amp for the money BUT, if you are looking for a hard pushing amp for your woofers, then you are going to want to spend more money.
This product was really easy to install, it doesn't pull too much energy from the battery, and it feeds enough to my 2 12's to shake my car!
well I was gona do a video review but they only let you upload a 10min 100meg clip.for the price this is a good amp so far, its not a true 1000W that's for sure its more like 600W, the fuse says it a 30a. well if this was a true 1000W it would have a 50a fuse or 2 25a'sbut for what this does push its not bad. got an 8" 4ohm wired in series, bridged, that's 250W max and I don't have the gain control at max.I recommend this for people on a budget.now as for the rest complaining about this amp, if you don't know how to properly install and set one up don't bother with any amp. cause they are all about the same.
arrived promptly and is basically brand new, great deal. coulnt have asked for more . . . . . .
It's good, I'd a lower level setup in my last FireBird, got a Kenwood bandpass from my cousin and it held up, both ends. I've heard more impressive performance from many others, but it was just fine for me. The acoustics in my 'bird were such that inside would pound pretty good, but very little could be heard outside. I knew a larger system would irritate my small sleepy town, that said, I was content. My new'bird is going to see a set of 12s in a custom box cos (headache saving tip, FireBird collecters!) The kenwood bandpass 12" will not fit comfortably! I'm confident my amp can handle the output. I can say that after a really long time, can't remember when I bought it. I'd recommend it to anyone (that lives in my town, or an area where other people live who get very irritated by hearing someones "thumping" therefor affecting their attitudes negatively carrying over into the home and/or workplace ultimately leading to grumpy, addictive personalities whos synergy creates unfulfilling Christmas's for children everywhere.). Save the spirit of Christmas. Get this amp so you can pound good, and your neighbors might not have to
This amp sounds good with the boss speakers.there hitting hard in my 95 firebird.for this price you cant beat it.
I put this amp on two ten inch kickers and they beat ....but it also counts on what kinda cd player u have too ... , but the amps pretty good no complaints !!!!!
this thing was a breeze to install, and works pretty well.  I get a good signal with 2 10&#34; subs in a bandpass box.  Only thing is the power is pretty low so I don't get the huge BOOM that I was expecting from my subs but overall, sound quality is good.
I just installed this amp into my car today and its not that bad of a amp.Im not a huge expert on this stuff and etc but I do know alittle.This amp is great for the price, it hits pretty hard on my two 12in kenwoods.Im hearing from different people on here that this is a really sucky/bad amp but i think it works really good.Its a great cheap first time amp.if you want some extra bass without spending alot of money this amp is a great choice.If you want the top of the line stuff, then this amp isnt for you.This is the first amp ive had but it hits as hard as my friends cars and they have more expensive name brand amps.
it OK I think this might be on the cheaper end of amps. You might what to spend a little more on a better bit.
installed the amp today. like allot of people the first thing i noticed is it doesnt put out nearly as much as it claims however it does push my 1 12 inch sony fairly well i wouldnt recomend trying to run 2 subs with this amp maybe a couple 8's but thats it. other wise for the money it works pretty good. i wasnt expecting a whole lot so its got good bang for the buck but if you looking for compitition levels this aint gunna do it
powers the 12&#34; pyle bandpass well. easy hook up & mounting of the amp. wish it had small knobs for the adjustments.
i will have to say that this amp is veryyyyy good for its price..gives a lot of bass and hit to my kicker L5 ..its all that i can ask for
this is a good amp for what you buy. it bumps my car with the two 12 inch mtx terminator, and i only have the amp at half power, so i can break in the subs. but the only thing i don't is that the amp has been overheating and shutting off on me, and then it will kick back on about a min later. it only does it if i take long drive some where. which i dont understand why its overheating if i only have it half powered, but i have it bridge, and i would not recommend droping the ohms on this amp.
i was skeptical after reading some reviews.  This amp is actually pretty good.  Priced at around 50$ it is worth the price.  The problem is if you plan to put them under your seat or in a closed space it last about 20-25 mins before it goes into protection mode.  I have had no other problems for about 5 months.  i have it hooked up to my dual terminators.  Pushes around 600amps.  Worth the money
This amplifier does the job. I have it hooked up in my EM2 ( 03 honda civic ex) and i'm powering my single dxi 12 inch sub and it pounds. I bump Crime City Entertainment music in it all the time.  These guys have some bangin music on youtube i found and i wanted to hear the base so ofcouse i bought the perfect amp to do the job. Very good amp
I build fiberglass subboxes in my spare time for others in a car club.Was surfing the web to find an amp and found this Pyramid amp for about $40.00 here on Amazon.This is a great amplifier good specs, very affordable price, ( as with any other bass amplifier, I would recommend getting a getting a 1+ farad stiffening capacitor if you use it with subwoofer alone) . Yes I would buy another amplifier.
I am getting a bit to old for to much thump, but i do like bass.This is a good buy i mean the price is low & it has high input.With this said i do wish i had spent 20.00 more bucks & got a better amp.not saying it's bad but, if you are strapped for cash & would like some bass this is a good amp.
great amp for the money, but clearly not 1000watts ! still using this amp after 6 month no issues! should be used as a backup amp..
it not 1000 watts but i  think we all know that. wired correctly to the right woofer this amp does the job. If you don't know what you are doing please find someone who knows...
Came quick, hubby. Loves it... he's. Happy. I'm. Happy nothing to complain about yet . Will let u know if things change
I have 2 RCA 6x9 with 500w max hooked up to this and it definetly works great. It sounds like one subwoofer. It could improve your system and i would suggest getting the 1600w one for a little bit more money. Just search it and its the same color and everything.
I got this amp to power a single Infinity reference 8" subwoofer (bridged). It isn't pushing it to the limit but it is just enough to sound crisp and punchy. I haven't noticed any overheating and it is sitting under the passenger seat of a 2003 Mazda Tribute (identical to a Ford Escape). It looks and feels well made.
this amp is not for anyone trying to shake houses with there music.it really is only a 50 to 75 watt amp.but it pushes my 2 10 inch boss subs to there limit.i dont even have it turned all the way up and it works great i did hook it up bridged at 2 ohms and it maintained but was unnecessary for the subs i have.the instructions say its 2 ohm stable but it also says it could damage the amp if hooked up this way.not sure why they advertise it as 2 ohm stable when they dont want you to hook it up this way.for the money i am satisfied.
A great product. My Pyramid PB717X has surpassed my expctations and I am now able to enjoy quality sound at the volumes I have been wanting for years. I think for the price, it delivers on all that has been promised by the manufacurer and I am really satisfied with this purchase. The amplifier was easy to install and it is a value for money product
This amp isn't the best out there but it is too good of a price to pass up I have had mine for 3 months and it still runs amazing.
I bought this amp so I could rig it to run off of a pc power supply and run two 150-watt speaker cabinets with it. Like a few have suggested, its not high quality, theres a reason why this "1000 watt" amp is priced so low. It'll run some big stuff but it gets hot pretty easily, just running a 150-watt 4-ohm subwoofer for a few minutes got the thing warm to the touch and running a 350-watt sub got it much hotter (i realize its an electronic, therefore its bound to heat up, but research (googling basically) suggests this particular amp may have overheating issues) Imagine how long it would last in a car during summer.its great as a 2 channel home stereo, its power is limited only by the power supply you give it, it could be a 200-watt receiver or a 1000-watt so if you're looking to upgrade speaker cabinets you don't have to buy a stronger receiver for hundreds of dollars, just buy a stronger psu. (only downside to using this instead of a legit receiver is you don't have an equalizer built in and its not fool proof, you have to be careful not to draw too much from your psu and don't leave it unattended while in use, not for too long anyway)I am in no way an expert in any of this, i just found out how to do this on youtube, so if there is anything else i should watch out for any advice would be appreciated.
I am not all that familiar with the high powered amplifiers, but was very impressed with this product, it has many options to select for the best sound possible.I would buy again!
Bought this amp with very low expectations because I have only ever owned Kicker amps. I put this amp in my Wrangler because it will be open in the summer and I don't want a expensive amp sitting back there. I installed this amp yesterday. I hooked it to 2 kicker 10's. I only have the amp half way up and it pounds. The amp is prob not pushing 1000w but I knew it wouldn't. This is the amp to buy if you need about a 600w amp. I'm scared to turn it all the way up cause I think it might blow my speakers. Only time will tell how this amp holds up but over the last two days it has been played quite a lot w/o any issues or overheating.
Hooked it up to a 12&#34; sub with a pioneer deck.  Works well even in the Minnesota winters.  Does what it supposed to do and never had any problems with it.  Though i'm not a music system enthusiast.
i purchased this item and it makes my rockford fosgate p2 bump. the price is good for you if your on budget. just i need to adjust, to make it sound better. but overall i  likeit.
Just needed an amp to push a 500 watt sub. The reason I went with a 1000 watt amp is in case I upgrade the subwoofer..
I installed this last night along with the MTX Audio Terminator Series TNE212D 1200 Watt Dual 12" Sub Enclosure. I used the Boss KIT-2 Complete 8 Gauge Amplifier Installation Kit. Everything works right now. I noticed just testing it in my driveway that the Amp gets a little warm. This is my first experience owning subs and an amp so I wasn't sure if that was normal. I had it set to half gain and drove around for about 2 hours and it worked great. When I got home I checked it and it was still just warm. As far as sound quality goes its crystal clear and works perfectly with my subs. I will update if anything breaks but as of right now I would recommend this amp to anyone who wants to experience subs on a budget.
It's pretty legit. Haven't had any problems with it, easy installation, holds up in that 40 below Alaskan weather. Ayee
This amp pushes my 2 Obcon 12s great. but the only down side is that it over heats. Great amp for the price though!
Easy install, works good so far.  Little over zealous on the max watts, but it works perfect for the price.  Two Pioneer 10's hooked to it and they sound good.  Good overall product.  Would recommend.
It's summer time and my other amps would shut down but this 1 doesn't.it has a great bass bump and as far as I'm concerned it works great..
Product was delivered arriving before projected time.I live in Alaska, and they had no problem with shipment.  Package was in original box and came with fuse and mounting hardware.Wiring it up tonight so I will comment on the quality. (thus the 4star review vs the 5)
hooked up to two mtx tens sounds good ..been almost a year since i bought it does NOT overheat :]
i just installed the amp under my seat although its big i didnt have problem. its pushing 2 10 in rockford fosgate punch series and it works just fine. it dosent bump that hard but its loud somehow for the money i like it and its not a bad looking product. a big improvment over my 300 watter i had.
Plugged this thing in and turned it on. Crystal clear amazing sound from the get go. I love this thing
I purchased the Belkin XM boombox 2 months ago for use while working around the house, in the garage, and while washing the car.  The Belkin is exactly what I hoped it would be.  Reception is excellent anywhere outside (as expected) and in any southern facing room in my house.  I even get acceptable reception in the southern part of my below ground basement.  I do not get any reception in my northern facing rooms.The unit looks good and is constructed well.  Sound quality is acceptable, although there is audible noise (i.e. "hiss") at very low volume levels.  The remote works well regarding the functions it provides and it's small and thin, but I wish it had a numeric keypad for direct tuning (this of course would increase the size of the remote, although I wouldn't have a problem with that).  I haven't tried running it on batteries - haven't needed to yet, plus some of the reviews indicate it drains batteries quickly.Overall I'm very happy with the Belkin XM boombox.
Have used this radio indoors on various job sites for about a year. Very happy with XM service (though customer service is subpar) and this boombox in particular. Have had no problems and was impressed with unit's construction, durability, ease of use, and sound.However... My boombox just quit working 2 weeks ago. It still provides power to my Roady XT receiver in its cradle, but no sound through the speakers. It's possible a power spike killed it, so I won't give a negative review unless I hear of others with similar problems.I've already had my receiver replaced once (warranty replacement thru Delphi was very quick and easy!) and stolen once in the space of a year. A few bumps in the road, but commercial-free radio rocks!
Purchased this a month ago.  So far very happy with product. Good reception and good battery life.  Be aware that external antenna does not come with radio, only small post on right side near handle, but it works well.
The Belkin boombox works well with my Roady XT. For the money ($89 at a big box retailer), I am more than satisfied. If you have reasonable expectations, you'll be pleased too. This isn't a $3000 state-of-the-art audio system. It's just a boombox. It comes with a little remote and an internal antenna,and it produces good sound. However, like many others, I've noticed that I seldom get a signal indoors. This isn't a shortcoming of the boombox, it's just the nature of satellite radio. When I use it outside, where I can have a clear view of the sky, it's fine.
I read most of the reviews, and concur that this is a good unit.  Hell, I liked it so much I bought a second unit for our Florida house.Sound is okay, but seems a little thin on the high end and overall is a little muddy.I put one set of C-cell batteries, and it seems that it drained them even when the unit was off!Bottom line is that it meets my expectations and can be found in some of the big box stores for under 80 dollars.
good sound quality and well built boom box for xm portability.  I little larger than I thought it would be, but otherwise good.  Jack for external antenna is a nice feature as well
I'm located in southern Arizona with many southern facing windows and still do not get reception with the built in antenna indoors. I was forced to purchase the home antenna at 39.95 which works well but goes in and out sometimes. Overall though I am pleased with the product, since becoming an XM subscriber last May I am simply addicted now and will put up with a bit aggravation to hear my shows!
The Belkin Audio System for XM is a good deal.  The sound is crisp and the controls are easy to use.  The only problem I had with it is that it gets bad reception in some areas and needs to be set near a window in my home.  Conveniently enough Belkin sells a detachable antennea to remedy that problem.
so far I love it! Great sound and I can get reception in my car and in most areas of the house. I finally got an external antenna and now have it set up where I want it. I initially put 4 stars because I thought there was an issue with battery life - not so - with fresh baterries it goes and goes. Wish I sould change the rating to 5 stars.
This boombox makes the Pioneer Inno (and other units) so much more versatile and fun.It does come with an AC power supply(DC converter). It seems to eat up batteries (8 C cells). Use rechargeable batteries or a DC to AC inverter box (good for computers and cell phones also). The sound has more bass than I would like (has bass & treble controls from your XM unit),but a welcome addition to any party.The F5X007 has sleek (a little weird) design. ~ K
I purchased my unit from Amazon and received it in a relatively short period of time...something I have come to expect from this excellent internet retailer.However, I found the following to be a glaring problem...maybe it is unique to my unit.  Using a fresh set of 8 "C" Energizer Max batteries, I then powered up the boombox and listened for a period of approximately two hours.  I turned the radio off and retired for the evening.  The next morning, I attempted to power up the unit via the remote and was met with intermittent flashes from the XT as it tried to turn on.  Not to be discouraged, I subsequently used 8 rechargeable "C" cells with the same results.At this point in time, I composed and sent an email message to Belkin describing the issue.  Within two days I had a response along with a contact number to call for additional assistance.  Their customer service department was excellent...I should receive my new unit as soon as it has been personally tested by a tech support individual.  Once I receive the new one, I will then ship the one I originally purchased to them withing 10 days.I hope this is not a common issue with the XM Boombox.  I really enjoy the sound quality and like the retro look that it exudes.  I will post a future review once the issue has been resolved to my and Belkin's expectations.
Been waiting a while for someone to review this before I ordered, but the new price (70.95) was too much to resist.  Now I have one, and can provide you with a review.  In brief:  Stop reading this and order it now!Not-so-briefly:  It works as advertised above, and then some.  If you know XM, you know that a Southern exposure is your best friend for reception.  I work a just few floors up from the street with a West Southwest-facing window; the internal antenna picks up three bars, a perfect signal.  Catching ReelTime on Cinemagic or a ball game in the comfort of my office makes the day fly by.Inside the home, I've had less luck with the internal antenna (this time of year our tree canopy is so thick I lose my car signal just by pulling in the driveway), but the included external antenna is gangbusters.  In the yard, though, reception shines.Sound is excellent for a portable, room-filling and crisp at even a third of its volume range.  Bass and treble are adjustable via the radio.  The supplied wafer remote does its job, and the Roady XT accessory remote is compatible if your prefer having a fuller-function remote.  I have but one caveat:  there is mild hiss at low volume (say, for instance, under level five out of what are at least 30 volume levels).  I suspect a little device interference or an overeager amp within the box is to blame.  It's a non-issue for me, but if you have to have your music really, really low (ex: cubicle-sharing), then maybe this isn't the droid you're looking for.Overall, I am very, very pleased with this purchase and give it my highest recommendation.  Enjoy your purchase!
I got this boombox for my RoadyXT. Shop around for the best price. I paid sixty-dollars. Don't pay two hundred bucks for this!Sound is great for a large room. There is a quiet hiss when played at low volume. This hiss is also audible through the headphones. Not recommended for quiet listening in a bedroom or small room. But for a portable way of listening to satellite radio, this boombox works well.The Delphi Premium Sound System has a line-in, and probably better sound, but it is more than twice the price of the Belkin boombox.For the price, this one works as it should. Not audiophile-quality sound. But fine for barbecues or filling your kitchen with satellite music.
This little radio work great with the Roady XT receiver.  I can listen to my favourite stations, while working outside, camping, fishing, etc.  I only wish that it had better sounding bass, and an equalizer.
Admittedly I was not going to purchase anything made by Belkin, I was looking at the two boom boxes made by Delphi.  I'm glad I could not find a Delphi in stock.  This radio is great.  It really looks a lot better in person than in the online pics.  The sound is really great.  Once I tweaked the base and treble it sounds awesome.  The internal antenna is also really strong.  It is nice that I can use a home antenna if I needed too though.  The volume does a good job and is plenty loud enough to play outside.  Even turned to the max at 30 the sound is pretty clear.The only things I am not fond of is the AC power cord.  It has a power converter(like a laptop plug but smaller)that is about two inches square.  While listening to the radio it is not a problem but there is no storage for it on board the radio.  It will fit in the battery compartment with a couple of mods to the battery door.Anyway this is a great radio.  Buy one.
Pros: Easy setup, good reception (at least in San Francisco), very portable, nice little remote.Cons: Color and styling are sort of ugly, sound quality is good but not great, would have loved a rechargable battery instead of using 8 C cells when it's not plugged into an outlet.Overall, I'm quite satisfied. I'm using it with the XM Roady XT, and it's nice to have the option of hooking that unit up to the car or home stereo, too. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to listen to XM and wants the option of portability.
The cooler part is not the biggest or best I have seen, and I wouldn't use it for cooling something for a longer period of time. The organizer stays put and it does what it is suppose to do; keeping my groceries from flying all over.
Great Amp, using this to run 2 15" kicker cvr's on a ported box till i get my hifonics amp. Ive played them full blast for an hour straight and it didnt go on protection mode! But it did get hot, but then again what can you expect right? This product is awesome, Everything youd want other than a fan. 2 25 amp fuses. I gave this product 4 stars only because the price is unreasonable to me. I got this amp, 2 15 kicker cvrs, and a ported box for 200 from a friend so yea its too expensive for me haha.
This radios wma/mp3 feature is really nice.  I put a mixer of albums in both formats on a disk and it plays all of them equally well.  The HD very cool. I just wish there where more the 4 stations that broadcast in HD.
I was intrigued by the prospect of HD radio and looking for better reception and more CD (specifically MP3) and audio features; the HDR1 was a good choice for me. I replaced my decent quality (Moon & tunes package) Pontiac/Toyota radio/CD player with the HDR1 from Crutchfield (more about them later) about 6 months ago.The good:- overall audio quality is great (to my non-audiophile ears) with my decent Pontiac 7-speaker system- I love the MP3-CD capability- HD is awesome (when I can get it -- see "the ugly"), providing great sound and some interesting radio alternatives- I love having many more audio, preset, and other optionsThe ugly:- changing some frequently used settings - such as "no HD" - is way too difficult- HD has not extended my radio reception or range as I had hoped in this hilly area, a bit too far from my radio stations- normal radio reception may be even worse than my Pontiac radio- setting changes are scattered (several different modes/options/buttons), non-intuitive, and, I repeat myself, way too difficult to remember and accomplish- display options limited - should be able to show my station freq and time simultaneously IMHO- USB storage device input (flash drives, SD card readers, etc) is long overdue - MP3 CDs must still be burned but these can be copied and updatedThe bad:- accessories are way overpriced and limited -- I have an iPod, but also other MP3 players so had to opt for the generic external input (both would have been nice, but only one can attach and they are way too expensive)- I really wish CD track display options included "time to finish" rather than "time in the track"I've long been a Crutchfield customer, although this time I was rather reluctant - why would I spend more money with them than with other vendors? First, I knew that they provided great installation adaptors and instructions with the purchase, and second, I knew they provide great support. But they cost a lot more (and even more back then).I am very happy that I did buy from Crutchfield, even though I did have a problem. After researching here and directly from Crutchfield, I bought through Amazon because I had a gift card here. What I forgot was that Crutchfield knew my car (and the required adaptors/mounting brackets/instructions) only on their site, so when I ordered from Amazon all I got was the HDR1!Crutchfield normally "catches" this situation and contacts the purchaser immediately, but did not for me (:-(. After a phone call they were quick to help with the follow-on items and even shipped them overnight express (although I didn't yell or otherwise ask them to ship express).Installation with the Crutchfield materials and instructions was very easy.I will continue to be a Crutchfield customer for the fantastic customer service and value-added materials, which include good product information and comparisons in their catalogs and on line. But do make sure they get/ask for your car info when ordering through Amazon!
I Installed this radio in my Motorhome, Works Great, Sounds Great, Easy to see, Easy to operate....
I bought the JVC-HDR1 to replace the factory unit in a Toyota Highlander.  The improvement in FM reception is very noticeable.  I listen to KCSM-FM which is an all-jazz community college station broadcasting from about 30 miles away.  Without HD, static "happens".  With HD the sound is clean, no static!  Most of the stations I listen to offer HD.  Sound quality using CDs is also good.  The only things I miss about the factory unit are the larger faceplate and buttons and cleaner overall look.  Installation of the JVC was not hard, basically the same as any other typical replacement head unit.  It uses the existing vehicle antenna.
I've owned this radio since it came out and am using it with an auxillary input (Cowon A2 player), external amplifier and a subwoofer. The sound and flexibility is great. The auxillary input doesn't allow the digital player tags (ID3) to be displayed as the Ipod input does but it's way more flexible.HD tuners, for whatever reason, are still basically unobtainium- manufacturers other than JVC are asking ridiculous amounts for separate tuners. JVC is doing a great service- however the receptivity / sensitivity of the FM tuner is quite low so you may find it difficult to pull in stations. I live around Boston and don't get a lot of stations in HD all the time. When the stations (particularly public radios) switch back and forth from HD to stereo there's often a delay and you'll hear sections repeated over and over rendering the station unlistenable.The menu options are a bit complex but I understand why- with a small screen and lots of options to stuff into it. It's much better than similar radios I've tried from other manufacturers and (thank you very much JVC) the display is lo-key without gaudy stupid stuff that doesn't actually display anything useful. The radio blends very nicely with just the right amount of detail and highlights.I have no other complaints about the radio; I'am amazed there are really no viable competitors to the HDR-1 even after it being on the market over a year. I'm getting a new car and a new HDR-1 will be going into it.
Great sound with HD. When the HD tuners alone are going for over $400.00, this stereo is bargain. You will need the manual by your side to set the clock, and fine tune the EQ. May need a good set of speakers and an external amp to get the best out of this.
My husband installed this unit in his 98 Ford F150 in about an hour.  It came with everything he needed, even the tools for pulling the old radio.  The HD makes a difference, but sadly, when he's driving, his favorite station keeps bouncing from the HD to the AM signals and it can be quite annoying.  The CD quality is amazing.  One of our favorite road trip CD's is a Tom Waits, and on my MINI Cooper's factory stereo, it sounds OK.  On the new JVC unit, I heard sounds and lyrics I've never heard.  I swear at one point I heard a match strike and the long inhale of lighting a cigarette.  Very film (radio?) noir.[...]
The JVC KD-HDR1 CD receiver is a fine piece of machinery.  It has more features than I can list.  Sound is excellent using my car's four original, factory installed, speakers.  High Definition radio delivers a much bolder, fuller sound.
We bought this to put in an older truck.  My father loves it.  He's impressed with the quality of the sound.  Having a little trouble getting the "in between" stations but finding plenty to give him variety in his listening pleasure.Recommend this to any one interested in quality sound.
Great sounding unit - makes stock Honda Civic speakers sound much, much better!  You get much more than you pay for.  HD Radio and IPod music are fantastic.  In our area, the HD reception is off-on-off-on while driving (which is irritating), but works fine when not moving - maybe an antenna upgrade would help?  Have not tried the satellite radio yet.
Basically I like the product.  However, if you are in the FM fringe area (i.e. 30 miles away from the FM transmitter), the automatic switching between analog and HD can become annoying. If you switch to HD-2, the music stops when the signal is too low and resumes when the signal comes back in stronger.  I have ordered an antenna amplifier and will see if this problem goes away.
I have a 1995 Buick (real sharp, eh? But no monthly payments!) and the tape deck died. I also have a huge collection of cassette tapes, so I wanted a unit that would play them as well as CDs. My research didn't come up with a lot of choices, but JVC has a good rep. First of all, I ordered from this Amazon reseller late Tuesday night, standard shipping, and the package was in my office on Friday afternoon - so cool. I hired a guy to install this as I am too old and awkward to get under a dashboard these days. He had to order a wiring harness and an additional connector for my antenna, but it only took him about a half hour to switch in the new unit (He charged me $110 total, including the parts). It fits great in the dash and I think it operates pretty easily, though I have yet to figure out how to set the #%*@! clock (there has got to be something missing in the instructions). I've always thought a remote control on a car stereo was ridiculous, but I must admit this one is handy for setting the volume and hitting the mute. I'm not overly disciminating when it comes to sound I suppose, and I've always liked the speaker system in my car, but I think this sounds better than the original unit, certainly has more volume. I would certainly have gone for four and a half stars; the only reason I didn't go for five was because of that durn clock. When I'm cruising with the Grateful Dead cranked up and a big smile on my face, you have to call that a good value.
this deck is awesome. i love the color screen and the 16 band eq. took me a couple hours to get to know all the features. the only thing that bugged me was that i cant download anything onto the screen b/c i have a mac computer and the software is not supported by mac. other then that the head unit is worth the money.
This player replaced the double din CD player that arrived with my Toyota Land Cruiser Prado (Japan specs). It's really quite good. The MP3 player gets the most use. I'm still learning the features (there are quite a lot). Will update this review as my understanding of the system develops
I ordered this from Amazon when they had the price listed at 31.99.  So...right off the bat I got a great deal, which makes it all that much better.Upon receiving the unit it took me about 5 min. to assemble it. I put my XT in and to my suprise it came from the factory with a full charge.  I was able to listen for about an hour and forty five minutes...a little short of the four to five hours advertised.  With the new rechargable batteries your usage time usually gets better the more you charge and use them.  So I will reserve jugdement for a later time on the batteries.Reception is very good outside with the exception of walking beside a tall building, or some other obstruction, reception is the same as you get in your car.  The included headset while not my favorite design (a weird in the ear setup) sounds suprisingly good.  Inside a building can be a bit tricky trying to get a good signal...as a matter of fact you can look downright stupid..or at least like a bobble head doll trying to get a signal.  But that is not what this was designed for...if you want good listening indoors get the Belkin XM Audio System boombox.  This is also another toy that expands the usage of your Roady...with both these acessories I can listen in my car, outdoors, and in my home.  One subscription all the bases covered...good times.I would recommend this portable player to anyone with an XT, battery life may be a little iffy right now, but I am betting with more use that will get better.  Plus it has a three year warranty, so if anything does go wrong your covered.
SWITCHABLE Bi-COLOR PRESETS...RED or TRUE BLUE!Looking for a powerful, feature-rich CD receiver that plays MP3 and WMA files?Look no further because the MP5610 has you covered!With 30 station presets, CD-R / CD-RW compatibility, Jensen s Plus Tuner, and 5 selectable iEQ curves, you ll be able to listen to whatever you want loud and clear.The Fully detachable features a bright multi-color dot matrix LCD display and rotary knob for easy control.The MP5610 also features a preamp output for adding an amplifier, rear auxiliary input, hard carry case for faceplate, clock, and multi-button power on.A slim IR remote control is included.
I bought this amp to power my door speakers. It is powering two JBLGTO components in the Front doors and rear doors. There was a little hiss when i first fired up the system but it went away after i put in a ground loop isolator. For the price i paid it was well worth it. I have not over heated it yet and i roll around with it cranked up all the time. I do have a cap on it  to so you must take that into consideration because a cap will help any amp out tons.
This is an excellent home and portable (garage, yard, etc) unit.  I've had mine since Sep 07.  I love it.However...FOR THOSE WHO ALREADY OWN THE BOOMBOX, PLEASE NOTE:The design of the connector where the antenna plugs into the antenna jack on the back of the boombox defies modern day logic.  It is deeply recessed.  Therefore when UNPLUGGING the antenna from the unit, it is difficult to grab onto the metal part of the connector, leaving only the antenna wire itself to pull on.  This has proven not to be an acceptable method of removal for those of us with larger hands.  If for some crazy reason this should happen to you too, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT push the wire back into the connector(even if you have reason to believe that jamming the metal connector back on to the wire is an approved repair procedure).  The boombox has shown signs that it can detect your faulty repair procedure and in turn will likely exhibit behavior consistent with that of a boombox that is no longer interested in "aquiring a signal".  If you reach this point, it is already too late.  Other features seem to be unaffected, but the antenna is now a display item only.I hope this is helpful.
I waited to find just the right portable Sirius device, and seem to have found it with the SL100 and this BoomBox.  The BoomBox offers rich sound, easy docking, a lenghty antenna wire, and just enough features to that make it easy to use.The only thing I wish I had for this BoomBox is a remote control, so when I am busy, I can switch channels or record favorites.There is no Stereo Outputs on the BoomBox, and you can't use the line out feature of the radio when it is in the BoomBox, the line out feature works great however with the SL100 and a Computer.
Overall a great product.  I have really tested the volume capacity, but for a small system it's clarity and performance have been perfect.  The fact that it is compatible with both a satellite radio and Ipod for about the price that you could pay for either of those products made it a perfect purchase.  The design is simple and sturdy and being just 1 piece makes set up really easy.
The way I look at this product, is that it serves all the necessary functions of the Stiletto Home Kit, while packing in enough extra features to be worth the extra fifty bucks or so. The biggest feature is obviously the speaker, so you won't have to try to patch your Stiletto through an FM radio in order to be able to listen to it. The other is that it has a link-in for your iPod as well. This isn't just an auxiliary jack to plug your iPod into; it acutally has an iPod docking station, you can recharge and even, it appears, sync up using the attached USB port. That said, there are a few issues that prevent this product from being flawless. It won't funtion as a dock for older Sirius radios; I believe the Starmate 3 is the oldest compatible model. In addition, it can't dock an iPod and a radio at the same time; there are a few awkward and easy to loose adapters that you have to keep on stand by in order unplug and switch between the two; I estimate that switching from a Stiletto to an iPod could take up to five minutes. Lastly, my biggest issue with the device is the remote. Since not all of the functions are buttons on the actual body of the device, if you loose the remote, you will no longer be able to do certain things. Granted, you may still be able to imput them directly from the sirius radio, but the manual for the product suggests that you don't do this. The remotes that come with the radios do still work even when the device is docked. My final issue with the remote is that it is not as easy to interface with the Stiletto as it is when undocked. In fact, there appear to be a few fuctions that are not available from the remote.
The sound is great, however when adapting to use the Stiletto the cradle does not fit in quite right.  It may be a flaw in manufacturering, as it appears it should screw in, but the holes don't line up properly.  Once you get it set into place it connects and works fine however.
i'm very happy with the product, sound is great, look is great. the remote doesn't work that great but i'm fine, get off your lazy butt and manually do it!!
I've used this many, many times and works great as long as there is a decent signal. It's been used in a few different locations and I'm very happy with it. It's a great way to enjoy satellite radio at home.
I puchased this a re-manufacture item for 34.00 regular is 150.00 and I am very satisfied . The con is the sound is not comparable to a conventional boom box. However it suits my needs at work for a low volume radio. The sound is not directional and will fill the room.
I have to first say that I loved the Sirius Soloist Universal Sound System, the quality and sound were fantastic.  However, when I recieved it the remote did not work, the battery was bad, I had to purchase a $6 battery to make it work. I loved it and played it 24/7 for two weeks and then one day it quit.  No power, and yes I checked the outlet and everything else I could think of. I was bummed, maybe I just happened to get a lemon???  That is why I gave it four stars, it is a nice unit, sounds great, looks great, and would dock my ipod, which I never did because I have a docking station for that also.So I sent it back and purchased the Portable Speaker Dock by Sirius.  I have had it for two days so the jury is still out, but there are some comparisons I'd like to note.  The Portable Speaker Dock by Sirius is $109 and the Sirius Soloist Universal Sound System was $149.  There is no significant difference in the sound. The Portable Dock seams slightly sturdier and the remote is easier to use, it has raised buttons where the Soloist buttons were smooth with the face of the remote (if that makes sence).  The Portable Speaker Dock has Aux-in for docking other devices, and the Aux cable is sold seperatly.All in all I would say both units are comparably good, I was just apprehensive to order another Soloist.
Most of my audio equipment is Audiobahn because they make such great products. I purchased these speakers for my 1987 S15 pickup, they sound great. The only problem is the magnets are so big they don't really fit that well in the stock location - they actually push the interior trim out about 3/4". It doesn't bother me all that much and I plan on fixing it in the future, but just be aware that the magnets on these things are larger than you might expect.For the price, they're totally worth it. The tweeters are removable and you can place them in a better location if you don't want them mounted to the speakers, and the grills that come with these look absolutely awesome. I unfortunately can't use the grilles in my truck, but wish I could - they really do look cool.
The battery came and was totally new.  It charged up on my USB charger and I was able to see 100 percent battery so I could run again with my S50 like an IPOD.The darn thing does not charge on my home docking station or my car docking station.  It must be my S50.  My S50 is due for an update and my laptop has a Microsoft blue screen of death when I plug it into my USB port.  I mailed my S50 into be reprogrammed and hopefully in 2 days I will have 2 sets of good batteries.Again.  The battery appears to be good.  They ship quickly on Amazon.  Lately I just buy on Amazon and not Ebay.Kelly
It took about four days of being plugged into the car dock and my executive system in the house before this battery finally charged, but it did eventually.  It would probably be better to charge the battery first on the plug in charger.I still give it four stars because I have to wonder whether the problem is with the battery or with the notoriously twitchy S50.Edit: It's been several weeks now, and I've confirmed that the problem was not my original battery, but the S50 base(s).  After finding that the new battery wasn't charging I used the wall charger and voila! I had a charged battery within an hour or so.
After purchas of the mount, I was pleased with the ease of installation due to excellent instructions and that the mount did not "clutter" up the bike aesthetics. I immediately did 1600 miles on the motorcycle, and the only downside that I could determine was that road vibration did cause the Sirius to move downward making the screen difficult to see, however this was a minor inconvienence.
This product really isn't that bad!! Except when you ride under trees the signal goes in and out, but in a clear sky it's fantastic.
This product was easy to install and instructions were great. However the antenna reception I feel has poor quality. after several adjustments it still cuts in and out alot of the time aquiring a signal. The cradle that comes with the kit I understand is generic to work with many receivers but I have a Harley Davidson that shakes pretty good and I found it almost coming out of the cradle on several occasions so I have changed it out with the cradle I had in my truck because the locking mechanism did not lock to the receiver I have. Other than these 2 issues I think it's a great kit for the price.
This is very much the same thing as the car mounting kit, witha  few different parts tailored for a motorcycle.  I don't have anything exceptional to say about it, but I have nothing bad either.  It just doesn't work well with my BMW which doesn't have the standard steel tube handlebars.  If you don't have these, or have large grips/brake reservoir, you may want a different solution.  You could use this with some of the more generic accessory mounts, though.  It does provide everything else you would need to wire it to your bike (the 12V - 5V converter is probably the best to have).  The ~6" antenna is nice as well, as the car kit has a much longer one (~20ft) that would just result in a pile of wire someplace.
Bought two of these radios a year ago....Negatives:1. No resume function for SD/USB cards.This means that the player always starts from the very first song on your card/drive, regardless of where it had stopped previously.2. CD/DVD function disables SD/USB drives.Once a CD or DVD is installed the unit does not allow you to select from either USB or SD. Therefore you are forced to remove the CD from the drive before being able to use your SD card.  This is an annoyance.3. Bluetooth speakerphone function unimpressiveWhen the radio is paired to your bluetooth cell phone... calls accepted through the radio is accompanied by a lot of background noise.  You must therefore turn the radio volume up significantly...and then risk bursting your ear drums when it reverts to radio...and please note if you are using SD or USB my first comment above kicks in at this point. That is, the music starts over from the first track...but since you may very well be deaf from having turned up the volume significantly to take your phone call, you may not even notice!Positives:Too numerous to mention....but here are a few:1. Ease of installation (DIY project)2. The ability to play DVD,USB,SD,CD3. Bluetooth pairing with cell phone is simple4. etc.
I am using the AIRIS T620 with an i-go and an English version of the Active-Sync on the PC side since it comes with a Spanish Active-Sync or at least the one i have it came with it. It is pretty fast with the Samsung 400Mhz processor but i wanted to use Windows Media Player and i-go simultaneously and it doesn't always plays the music that way due to lack of memory i guess. The other problem i figured is, if you listen to music on it and use i-go at the same time and it gets hot than it halts. So real multitasking has some way to go for this product but otherwise i wouldn't critizise it since it already become my best friend on the road and helped a lot lot. Best features are the integrated GPS and the fast processor. I bought a 2GB SD card for it and so i-go has a lot of space for the maps + my music ;-) I am using a tape converter in the car ;-)Worth the price ! Go for it.*I wanted to buy a 4GB SD card for it but i couldn't find one on the market. Someone told me that it is no longer manufactured ?? Beware of the standards when buying the SD card, now there is a new faster standard !
I wasn't sure about this fan at first, but it was dirt cheap so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I've been very pleased thus far; my Wii used to be quite hot to the touch in WiiConnect24 mode, and now it's no warmer than I'd expect an electronic device in standby mode to be.The fan runs reasonably quiet; it's certainly audible but I've heard worse.  I haven't had a chance to test that the USB passthrough port works since there currently aren't any USB peripherals available for the Wii, but it's nice that they thought ahead and included it anyway.My one gripe is the red LED, which is constantly on and is quite bright.  It's not a deal-breaker, just an annoyance.The Wii is still too new to really know whether temperature is a stability or reliability concern, but I don't aim to be the first victim of Wii overheating, especially when a solution exists for a measly two bucks.  I'd recommend this to any Wii owner, especially one who lives in the middle of the desert like I do.Edit:  Roughly three weeks after receiving it, the fan died without warning.  I guess you get what you pay for; can't say I should have expected different given the price.  Buyer beware!
This is a decent fan, It does its job. My only problem with the thing is that its alittle loud....But thats not really a problem. My friend has a expencive PS3 cooling fan that is JUST as loud.Overall its a good fan for the cheapo price. And if it can extend life of your Wii...Its totally worth it!!
Item works great, keeps the wii from getting to hot. Fits in the back of the wii just right plug in and play.
My only complaint about the GPS is that it is so small that i ended up loseing it about 3 weeks after I got it.
Cool little product.  I used it to send GPS locations back to a tracking computer in my Sr. Design project.  There is no display so you have to build the infrastructure around it to use it.  It worked exactly as advertised.
Very noisy. Good luck sleeping with this on.You have to position it correctly to get it to go off at the right time. Regardless of how you position it, hard braking will trip the gravity switch and it will alarm at you. It's... well, alarming at first, because it seems counterintuitive that it should go off when your head is held up. Once you get used to that you'll appreciate that it's doing its job.
i tried using it last week for a five hour travel at night and when i got sleepy while driving the nap alert make annoying sound straight to my ears and woke me up just when my head starts to lower and i'm about to sleep. i highly recommend it for those who are driving for long hours and for those who works in a graveyard shift. the only thing is when it's on your ears you should be straight focus on the road beacuse everytime you try to reach and grab for something and move your head at a certain angle the nap alert sounds on.
The Nap Alarm is a simple device to use, it works as intended.The only fault I could list is I wear corrective lenses so wearing the Nap Alarm for an extended period of time become an irritant.
I purchased this for my father, who is a long distance truck driver.  This gadget does what it says it'll do!  Plus, we all feel more at ease knowing it'll wake him up if he starts to dose off.  And as a previous reviewer commented - it'll go off if you're simply reaching for something, which is only a minor issue.  Definitely worth the money!
Perfect function...Everything ok...I lided.. work perfect using at the freeway and city street.... but, we can not agree only in this equipment... its so dangerous, because after sleep, don't have more way....
I almost didn't buy this Universal Accessory Kit because some reviewers stated that the headset they received is not what was pictured. That might have been true a year ago but it is not the case now.The headset which is pictured is the TSX-HS2 and that is what I received.  I was specifically looking to buy two TSX-HS2 headsets so I am glod I ordered it.  Purchasing two headsets, two batteries and a charger individually would have cost a lot more than this package deal.For basically the price of two headsets, I also got two batteries and an extra charger.  What a deal!
The sound on these radios is very clear.  Transmission distance seems similar to the standard 2 way radio and is not much more than line of sight.  Large buildings will block the signal.
I bought the TSX10 RADIO'S But needed another charger and when i saw i could buy the charger and get two battarys and headphones at the same time i sent for it and i glad i did it did a great job charging and i now have four batterys and can keep two charged at all times and the headphones are great when out in a crowed area  grate buy
Just wanted three ear pieces and three spare batteries. Two of these sets gave me more than I needed (extra ear piece / battery and two chargers) for a cheaper price.
The pack contains batteries, a dual bay charger base, and a pair of headsets which hit the bin as soon as the packaging was opened. This stuff all comes with the radios anyway but for a few dollars extra over the price of the two spare batteries it's useful to have the extra charger base so that each person with a radio can charge their own handset and a spare battery. Shove them in the charger overnight and pick them up in the morning. Job done.
The TSX Radios are interesting, they work, and several positive reviews have been written about the Radios.  The batteries that come with these units could be of better quality - their usage life and ability to hold a long charge is a weak point.  The Charger that initially comes with the Radio sets is also a bit weak due to their electrical contact(s) themselves.  Again, pointing out that the Radios themselves are quite good.  So therefore instead of paying a fortune for pieces parts to augment or replace the weaker items, this kit provides the necessary replacements, or additions - and at a great price.
I love this cd player, especially the front usb port. I just simply plug in my thumb drive and works perfectly. One minor thing is the receiver does get hot, even for the face after short period of time using it. Not sure what is the cause for it.
I wanted a direct, plug in, replacement for an 8 year old Kenwood already installed so considering other brands wasn't an issue. For this installation, must haves were a USB input for my thumb drives and MPG/WMA capability for CDs, so my choices in this price range were between this or a KDC-MP438U. The X492 has a higher pre-out output and the price (caught it on sale) made this unit the winner over the MP438U. Sound is great but I gave it only four stars for a few good reasons: The blue lighting around the jog knob and external inputs is distractingly bright (with no way to turn it down or off) and the instruction booklet could be clearer on how all this good stuff works and, at this point, the GUI seems a little complex when setting up and making adjustments.Kenwood has developed a "dual mode" feature for this unit (and others I suspect) which I think would be ideal for families with kids. Easily selectable, in dual mode different sources can be listened to through the front and back speakers. With the included remote control, the kids can play what they please (iPod, whatever) through the back speakers while the adults can do what they want in front. Good idea.All in all this is a good sounding unit that has a nice quality feel. Great for the price and I'd do it again faced with the same circumstances.
Like other reviewers I've found this stereo to be extremely unintuitive to manipulate and set which is a real shame because the sound quality is very good.For example:- the ON button is the second little button to the right of the big knob (almost impossible for me to find in the dark) and it's labeled something like SCF, or some other unrelated acronym, so the first couple times I tried to find the ON I pressed other things (like the knob, which really, really, really stands out and looks like it SHOULD be the ON/OFF/VOL control)- the OFF button is the same button that you press *briefly* to switch media formats but press it for a couple seconds and the machine turns OFF...-pushing the knob in, the most obvious action to do when staring at all the doodads on the units face, moves you through a series of settings menus that are further manipulated by pushing the knob left, right, up, or down, or by pressing some of the other little buttons that look just like the radio preset buttons... no way to really know how to get to the menu you need without the manual and even then the buttons are so similar it's too involved to do while driving and impossible to memorize for future minor adjustmentsOther CONS:- the blue lighting is damned annoying at night - it does dim when the car's headlights are turned on but it's still way too bright; I'm going to have to do something stupid like tape a sheet of dark plastic over the thing at night to keep from feeling like I'm getting some young geeks laser pointer shined in my eyes from afar while I'm watching the road- the unit's lights and display are totally off when the radio is not on --- very annoying when I want to know the time quickly, or even when I want to turn the darned thing on without turning on the interior lights!!!- if the display is set to clock and you want to be shown the station's setting (frequency) you either have to change the radio frequency a click manually and then go back to the original frequency or go through a short series of button pushing to switch the display from clock to radio frequency - not easy when driving in town and you have to look at the unit to press the right buttonsThis review is gripe heavy given what I feel is a good unit that warrants a solid 4 stars out of 5.  Maybe I'll feel better about the unit when I get more opportunities to make adjustments and learn some basic/important options by memory.  I guess I just feel that with the media formats and sound quality this unit could have been one of the best available at a very good price had Kenwood thought a little more about ergonomics and interface.FOLLOW UP after 2 months of use:Still getting the "feel" of using this unit.  It sounds good right now so I mostly just ignore the options available to me since I don't bother to try to remember how to find my way to those menus.  Maybe I'll fiddle with it when the wife is driving and I remember to bring along the manual...Still prone to missing the "ON" button in the dark - as expected.  Really, really wish Kenwood had made it so pushing ANY button, or at least the largest "button" (the knob) would have turned on the unit.Have to find and hold the "OFF" button for too long to make the unit turn off.  If the button isn't held for 2 seconds (I think it is - feels long anyway) you just change the input method.  Then you have to scroll through the inputs to whatever you want the unit to power up with (if that's an issue to you).No way to get time display without having the radio on.  Wife has to turn on the unit and then turn the volume all the way down to get a clock in her car when she doesn't want to listen to music.  Lame.Still happy with the unit in general, though - especially with the sound quality and apparent construction quality.On the other hand, though, if I knew what I know now I'd have looked at some of the higher #'d Kenwood excelons to see if they had the same button pushing issues as this model does.  Since the sound specs are virtually identical between the units (USB input is to the rear on the others, however, which is a big issue to us) I probably would have opted for a more expensive unit that avoided the pressing of a teeny, hard to find button for the most used control (power).
worth every penny cheap and reliable runs 4 w3 12  one mom 2000 amp and a 1500 rockfork 4 ch
Used this to build a spot welder for repairing NiCad battery packs. I think the 5 farad rating may be a bit more than it really puts out but it works ok. Next one I build will be a 7.5 farad at least.
Woks as stated.  4 stars only cause it only has two post for connection instead of 4 which is not as easy imo.
Don't think its really what it says it is, but it helps with my system.. lights still dim quite a bit, if ur running over 1000 watts rms, this cap isn't really good enough.
I bought the product because when my subs hit my headlights would flash after installing this product the flashing isn't as bad. Product does a good job of providing extra power to the subs.
i wasn't having too much light dimming in my vehicle, i more or less just bought this for looks and to notify me of my volts. and it keeps my volts very constant at or around 14.4. i blew a inline 100a fuse even with using the included resistor when installing but i had another fuse anyway. im mainly deducting a star because this cap is made of plastic!!!! you can only tell up close tho but it does scratch very easily!
The Power Acoustik PCX-5F 5-Farad Capacitor looks good, is well made, and serves it purpose of supplying a steady voltage to your amp. Mine with the truck running & no load holds steady at 15v and under heavy current load under those really Low bass notes only drops to 14.5v but I'm sure that it is not a &#34;True&#34; 5 Farad Cap. At this price tho it is a good deal if you need a cap, I added a XS Power D680 AGM Power Cel to my system right before the cap and there was a very noticeable difference in my system.
This cap made my system hit harder but I still suffer from headlight dim. It looks cool, came on time, a great price. Amazon is great wit all those things.
i bought this cap a while back it still runs like new but i dont think it is 5 farad because my light still dim
This is a very nice collection of '30's type gangster movies,no real blockbusters,but a great compilation of B-movies mixed with some higher grade classic films.Seller was excellent,recommend.A+A+A+
great cap just dont over tighten the screws strip out easy. other than that great product came in a cool case
It work good and I was having issues with the dimming of my lights and my alternator and battery was taking a beaten  I went threw 2 alternators and one battery but ever since I put the capacitor on it was dimming a lot less but as it charged more and more the dimming stopped and my bass was hitting harder and crispier so I say it's a good deal especially for the price
I bought these to use while boating on the lake at our cottage, I would say they have about a 3-4 mile range under normal conditions that is level some what wooded terrain. That is about what I expected and they fulfills my needs, I am able to reach base anywhere on the 2000 acre lake. Having the weather band is very useful; they are easy to operate but could be just a little more user friendly.
I bought this amp to make an Audio Tube for my ATV using 6 inch PVC pipe. I had a cheap China amp from ebay and it works but is more distorted when turned up. If you are just pushing a couple of speakers this will work fine. It fits in 6 inch pipe but barely. For the price you can't really go wrong.
get it easy install and looks good and souns good in my truck and fit right under the seat get one
This little radio pumps out the sound but there is way too much bass at high volumes even with the bass set to -10.Also the blue lighting is too bright for nighttime driving.I used this only for the memory stick feature and it performs great!
The product works well, easy to set up and use. Good sound and a great value given the price of similar products in the marketplace.
This product is awesome. My drive to work is much better now that i can listen to whatever i want whenever i want!SOund quality listening to music is good, however when answering a call sometimes people complain about an echo, not always but often enough. I like the buttons on the side for skipping and reversing tracks.Overall this is a GREAT product! :-)
This gets the job done.  Streams music in good clarity.  Calls sound clear through the device or through car speakers.  Highly recommended.  Perfect for streaming internet radio to your car speakers.  Great device.
Our city has a ban on cell phone usage while driving.  Not knowing anything about hands free devices I ordered this Motorola.  Ihe voice quality is very good and clear coming and going.  I would recommend this device.
I Sure wish one could get the bulkhead mounting plates as well.  They are kind of needed for a proper installation.
Although it took a while to get an installation appointment, the amp worked like advertised.  I experienced no problems from this purchase.  The unit was in great shape.
Overall the item is very good, well worth the money. The only thing is I wish it had volume control and be able to change the channel.
Perfect fit on my amps terminals. Better than plugging the power and ground cables directly to the amp. Opening #10 means that the spades will fit into a 10mm space in the amp.
I picked this up recently for my Aunt, because I knew she had purchased XM for her car a couple months back.  It came packaged very well and although I was initially concerned about it being a "Factory Refurbished" item I have no complaints.  The box arrived looking near new and everything that was supposed to be packaged in it was there too.I decided that instead of waiting until Christmas to give it to her, I would let her have it now. Since she had already activated the one in her car, she seemed pretty confident on getting this one set up at home.  I was skeptical, but when she called me later in the week I could here her music blaring. She told me it works beautifully and is very happy with it.  I'm happy because she's happy and the price was a great deal!
A little pricey but it works well and I have had to interferance of any kind. Appears to be high quaility.
well made snug and comfortable  product.arrived earlier then expected and wellsuited for a very neat dressing for both male and female.
These are good quality socks that have lasted me several years, but they are not as flexible as Hanes or Fruit of the Loom socks. They are kind of thin, but that is good if you are playing sports. Not as good quality as branded ones, but still a good buy. I have used these for several years and they have served me well.
I purchased the K40 Weather Cap with the intention of being able to remove the K40 antenna from the top of my pickup truck and replace it with the K40 Weather Cap on the base to allow my truck to fit into a carwash bay and to prevent high pressure water from the carwash from getting into the base and ultimately into the interior of the truck.  The fit was a bit sloppy.  The first trial did limit the amount of water getting into the base but it did not stop it completely.  To correct this problem, I picked up a very thin rubber washer whose O.D. matched the O.D. of the cap from Lowe's, enlarged the center opening of the washer to accomodate the antenna connector in the base, then glued the washer to the bottom of the weather cap with a tiny amount of super glue.  Doing so gave the weather cap a snug fit on the base and so far a waterproof seal.  So, I suppose I am happy with the K40 Weather Cap after that simple modification.
Nothing wrong with it, and it does the job a wire is supposed to do.  And it was a fair price.
I bought this wire to make new power supply cords for my portable Amatuer Radios. With banana plugs on one end and power connectors on the other end they look and work nicely. I was able to get 5 out of the 25 foot piece.
Its wire so what can I say.... Its what I expected ... I needed automotive DC colored wire with one black and the other red.. Thanks
This is a great radio!  I'm getting a lot of complements oh how clear and loud it is out on the road. I'm only complaint is that when you turn the dimmer knob for the backlight the backlit letters on the faceplate dim before the blue LEDs do so you can't read the labeled knobs and switches. Other than that it's amazing.
Works great all channels get good reception. Hooked up to exsisting radio with no problems. Many HD channels with good sound quality.
It is just as I ordered.  i have not installed yet so I cannot rate performance as yet. Comment when I do.
The remote is a piece of s***,& the unit needs a better antenna.besides those to problems the unit works fine
It A breeze to hookup the bigest problem is the antenna willnot keep a signal when moving. looking for a better antenna
This receiver works great when the car is not moving, I woul like to find something that won't loose reception when is on the road.
This is a great unit to get HDTV in your car, WHEN IT IS PARKEDGreat for Pre Game Shows when your tailgating, great to use for weather emergencies or traffic issues. Actually even great to turn on if your stuck in slow moving traffic.The Supplied antenna is good for me, I get about 12 channels.
I used this package to build a cooler radio for camping/tubing/tailgating.  I've only been using it for a week now (~20 hours) but everything works with no issues.  The speakers don't have the best low end but they're solid and work great for the price.  For my application, there's plenty of volume and only low end distrortion on the more bass heavy tracks.  I'll update this review if I have any future problems but so far it's been a great deal and well worth the money.
Bought this despite no reviews. Installation was very easy, (odyssey 2006). I installed on the lower edge of the license plate, drilled a hole to take the wire inside, and connected to the rear lamp circuit. Stuck the buzzer on the rear window.It works by buzzing loudly when it senses an obstacle 3 to 4 feet away, when reversing. The actual height of the obstacle sensed depends on where its mounted (lower near the bumper or higher near the license plate). It has three sensors, the outer two are angled out slightly. It does not seem to give out wide coverage and basically works when the obstacle is right in front of the sensor bar. The sensor bar seems well made and robust. All in all, a decent product.
I previously had the older version of the product, more heavy-weight, so it took me a while to get used to this one, but it works great. It's much more light weight, and takes a lighter touch - I recommend it.
I have owned 6 Mazdas in my life, and this product does a good job of looking and feeling like Mazda's GPS product. It works as advertised. Unlike the other two reviews (which, if you read them they are for a different Rosen Product), I found it works well and retains the factory controls and displays (on the CX-7 there is the upper Dash displays with time and radio station as well as the steering wheel controls.I had mine installed by an authorized dealer of Rosen.  They not only installed in in less than an hour, they showed me how to use it. After a few days, I had some additional questions and they sent a tech to my home to answer the additional questions I had.The iPod interface seemed pretty straight forward - I have an iPod Nano (4 Gen) and the radio controls for the iPod uses a "wheel" control on the touch screen, just like on the iPod, and it displayed songs and playlist just like on the face of the iPod. The installer I used (Classic Soft Trim in the SF Bay Area) informed me If I needed updates in the future, they are available, and I confirmed this by visiting Rosen's website (rosenentertainment.com) Service for me, was not an issue.The one thing one of the other reviewer's mentioned that is accurate with this unit, is downloading of contacts into the head unit is an "option". I for one, do not need this as my phone features voice dialing through the bluetooth connection. Doing some research, it seems that while some other bluetooth devices offer this, it is not a "standard" feature.My only issue was setting the clock in the Mazda Multi-information Display was a bit confusing at first, but if you run into this issue, just DO NOT click on the time (in the clock setting screen) and use the + for hour and - for minutes. To set the radio clock, tap the time first then use the + and - buttons.  I gave it 4 stars instead of five, as it would be nice to use the GPS time, as opposed to manually setting two clocks.Overall, a very good product which looks OEM, and was highly recommended by friends who work in automotive technology.
The Galaxy DX 2547 is a great radio. Got mine hooked it up went to channel 38 on low sideband and talk to a few people and they told me I was off frequency and radio needed to be adjusted and frequency alignment. The radio has a locked clarifier from the factory so you can't adjust the clarifier when transmitting. You can adjust the clarifier when receiving. So I have to bring my radio in to a technician and have it adjusted and the clarifier unlocked so I can adjust the clarifier when transmitting. Still all in all it's a good radio for the price.
So you're interested in HD Radio in your home but don't want to spend a fortune for the HD Jump Home Kit? (That's if you can even find them). The car kits are pretty easy to find and are relatively inexpensive (and this listing even comes with the receiver AND the car kit). Purchase the 'HD Jump with Car Kit' along with the following list of adaptors and parts and you'll just about get the same performance as what the home kit would contain (the 'almost' part of the headline is because you won't get the remote that's part of the home kit). I'm an electronics geek, so I already had all but one part. A little about my location and setup: I live almost exactly halfway between Chicago and Milwaukee (about 45-50 miles from either of the 2 city's transmitter arrays), right along Lake Michigan. This makes for some interesting and frustrating radio listening experiences. I've assembled the makeshift setup to make the HD Jump Car Kit work in my home with these reception limitations in mind and have successfully implemented it in a modest kitchen sound system using the AM antenna mentioned below and a smallish VHF dipole telescoping antenna from a 1980s TV. I have yet to hook up the FM part of this setup to my 70"+ attic antenna, but I bet the results would be interesting. I rated this particular product as 4 stars because it does work for my purposes in my home (but with many modifications described below), but the home kit is not readily available and IF you can find it, it's WAY overpriced because it's so rare.First, a little about HD Radio in general (and some of its limitations):I can definitely vouch for the sound quality. AM really does sound like FM (the static just disappears and the tonal quality REALLY improves when an AM station locks onto its HD signal) and FM really does sound like a CD--with one caveat--on the HD2 and HD3 sub-channels, remember that each radio station is only allotted a certain amount of bandwidth to use for broadcasting. Usually the main channel (HD1) has the best sound quality and the audio quality of a station that uses only a second sub-channel (HD2) will be decent. (Audiophiles may say that it sounds a bit "processed" and more like a compressed mp3 than a CD; say about 128kbps-256kbps?) If an FM station has a third sub-channel (HD3), or the rare ones that have a fourth sub-channel (HD4)--I haven't found one yet, you better hope it's only talk radio and not music. You get into some serious compression and more of that processed sound (maybe 96kbps-128kbps?) with those additional sub-channels. Back to that bandwidth: since each station only has a finite amount of it, they have to compress the signal further the more sub-channels they broadcast. I've noticed this on HDTV too--one of my local PBS stations has up to 5 streams; and to broadcast that many streams, they have to cut back on resolution and quality. Same thing with HD Radio FM. The more streams or sub-channels they have, the worse it will sound. Most people won't notice much of a difference, or certainly not enough for it to be a dealbreaker. I do notice a drop in audio quality, but I accept it and even embrace it because I get more content than I would otherwise get without HD Radio. For those of you familiar with Sirius/XM Radio, the quality drop-off is not nearly as bad as the Sirius/XM traffic stations and many of the talk stations. (Those can sound so "muddy" that they're not even intelligible at times.)Okay, let's turn that HD Jump Car Kit into a makeshift home kit. First, you'll need power. The car kit comes with a DC plug, wire, inline fuse and two tinned ends to wire into the fuse block in your car. That obviously won't work in your home. You could use a small 12 volt battery, but keeping it charged and properly conditioned would be a pain. I had a universal AC adaptor already from a big box electronics store (the one with the yellow price tag on the sign). It comes with several different size DC plugs and a selector switch to select the voltage of the item you want to use. This isn't the one I'm using, but it's very similar: Hosa Cable ACD477 Universal AC Power Supply. The car kit is expecting 12 volts of power, so slide the switch over to 12 volts, pick out the DC plug that fits and assemble your power cord. Put that aside for now.Next, let's get the car kit connected to your home stereo (or whatever you want to hear it on). If you're using a nice set of computer speakers (with subwoofer), it will sound nice enough as a stand-alone system and you won't need any other adaptors other than the computer speaker set. Any of those sets I've ever seen have a 1/8" (3.5mm) stereo plug (looks just like a headphone plug). Just plug that in to the 'Audio Out' jack on the back of the car kit. Then you're set to go. If you are plugging it into a standard home receiver input that requires the red and white RCA plugs, try something like this: Hosa Cable CMR206 Stereo 1/8 Inch to Dual RCA Adapter Cable - 6 Foot. That will also plug into the 'Audio Out' jack on the back of the car kit, and the other end will go into your stereo/amplifier setup. The HD Jump does have an RF modulator, however I wasn't able to get mine to work and even if I could, you'd be defeating the purpose of getting better sound quality, so it's definitely best to wire it up.Now the slightly trickier part. HD Radio is amazing when it locks onto the HD signal, but you have to have a good antenna setup to get a great signal. The car kit has 'ANT IN' and 'ANT OUT' jacks and comes with two slightly different car radio antenna adaptors. One is essentially a 2.5mm male plug to a car radio antenna female jack and the other is a 2.5mm male plug to a car radio antenna male plug. It was designed this way to be used "inline" with your car radio antenna wire. Put those two adaptor cables off to the side for now. You won't be needing them (unless you decide to hook up a car radio antenna to this setup; in which case you can skip the next sections about the antennas). One thing to note with any audio or antenna setup--the fewer the connection points/adaptors, the better. Signal loss occurs at every junction point, no matter how good the equipment/cables. In the next paragraph, I discuss using a headphone splitter to be able to accept both an AM and an FM antenna. You WILL get better reception if you only connect one antenna at a time (leave the headphone splitter out of the assembly to do this, but you will only get AM or FM, not both; or certainly not both as an optimum signal).General antenna setup:First, let's standardize the 'ANT IN' jack: 2.5mm (Male) To 3.5mm (Female) Stereo Audio Jack Adapter or 2.5mm (Male) to 3.5mm (Female) headphone adapter (Converts your 3.5mm earphone jack into 2.5mm earphone jack). This lets you plug in a standard 3.5mm (1/8") headphone splitter: Belkin Speaker and Headphone Splitter. Now you have two standardized headphone jacks. Follow me so far? (I've split the two antenna types into separate paragraphs for easier reading).FM Antenna setup:Next, let's convert one of those jacks to accept standard (F-type) coax cable: 3.5mm or 1/8" Male to F Type Female Coaxial Adapter (Bose FM Antenna). You can now connect this to your rooftop antenna, a telescoping rabbit ear setup (if you're far away from your 'local' stations, you may need an amplified model), standard dipole VHF/FM antenna from a 1980s/1990s TV, etc. Be creative, and definitely adjust the positioning for best results. Now that we have the FM antenna figured out, let's work on the AM side.AM Antenna Setup:The one part I didn't already have in my experimental setup was a good quality AM antenna. I had my doubts (based on previous experience with 'Terk' brand antennas), but this one is better than I thought it would be: Terk Indoor AM Antenna ADVANTAGE. If you already have an AM loop antenna, by all means, experiment with it a bit. Remember it will need to plug into a standard headphone jack. This Terk AM antenna supposedly can work on induction (just being placed near the radio), but it didn't work too well for me that way. The Terk AM antenna has a 1/8" male plug to tinned ends (to be used on a standard AM receiver). You'll need a 1/8" male plug to 1/8" male plug cable (the longer the better): Cables Unlimited AUD-1100-06 6 feet 3.5 MM Male to Male Stereo Cable. Plug one end into the Terk AM antenna and the other end into your headphone splitter (connected to the 'ANT IN' jack). Now connect the power cord and switch on your HD Jump. Hopefully you're getting both AM and FM HD stations in your home for a fraction of the cost of buying the separate HD Jump home kit. Play with the antenna setup by moving both the FM and AM antennas for best results. Also note that the Terk AM antenna has a tuning knob that can be adjusted based on the frequency you're listening to. It does make a difference, so play with that a bit too for the clearest reception (and be sure to rotate the AM antenna on your desk/table/counter to adjust the reception too). You may not have to rotate it much if all of your AM stations come from the same direction.I hope this helps anyone who might be on the fence about trying this HD Radio receiver. I can't (and won't) pay more for the home kit docking system than I do for the radio itself, so if there are any others out there that feel the same way, I hope this helps them convert the car kit into a viable option for home use. And even if it doesn't work out, many of the parts referenced in the instructions could be put to use in some other part of your electronics collection. I have no vested interest in whether you buy the parts I provided links to--in fact I encourage you to shop around. I provided the links to give you a visual idea of what you'd be assembling and what to look for if you were to buy these parts at a brick-and-mortar retail store. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in the comments below (I will be notified when a comment is posted and will try to answer within a few days). If you have any other ideas or suggestions to improve this setup, feel free to post those in the comments too. Thanks for reading and happy listening!
This worked great in my Tri Square radio for hands free communication much better than the piece of junk that came with it and fell apart the first day. Sound quality is good and it fits on your ear very comfortably you can wear it all day. I give this a definite A+.
Was disappointed that I did not have the power adapter with it but the company was awesome in working with me to purchase another one.  I love my Sirius/XM radio and it was such a great deal!
This is a very nice radio but I have noticed a small quirk with the remote that I wasn't aware of and actually had a replacement sent before I was able to find the solution to the problem. The remote works fine except for turning the radio on. Hidden on page 130 of the instructions is a Tip that states: "When the XpressRCi is in the PowerConnect Vehicle Dock, the Remote Control will not be able to turn it on." This was not what I expected and would have expected this to be stated in remote instructions instead of in a Tip. Other than this nuisance it works great.
Bought this for my husband for christmas. Radio is brand new as described. 4 stars becasue I havent yet installed and used this item
It is easy to install and works very well. what more can you expect. now I need six more words which is dumb.
Ease to hook up and use.  Settings were not an issue.Remote use while driving makes it a breeze.I would buy it again
I've had this radio for a couple of months now.  I REALLY like the song saver feature!  The color display is nice, and the controls are easy to use.  The double-sided tape that came with it in order to mount the device (I'm not drilling holes in my dash) wouldn't secure to my interior, but I got around it.  Aside from that, I'm really happy with this purchase!
Item arrived packaged great. Easy to install and operate. The service however is advertised as "COMMERICAL FREE" Wrong! I paid almost $250.00 for the service for one year after taxes and activation fee, Today was my first day listening to it.. I was very disapointed that there was nearly as many commericals as on the regular radio. Very annoying.. Had I have known this I may have not purchased this item... Nothing against the radio.. was perfect. Just as described. But I feel the service whis is sold seperately is a ripoff plain and simple.
I used to have a Sportster 4 and liked it very much. Then the dock gave out and to my surprise there were none available to purchase because of the "NEW" company was coming out with new radios. So I bought the cheaper radio and hated it. No buffer, no memory, no reminders and crappy reception, I actually turned off my service last spring due to the crappy radio and that they wouldn't give me a deal on a better radio. After much searching found this one and price was great. installed and activated easily and happy to have my Octane back!Good Price, compared to SiriusXM website and electronic stores...
I love it because it's the model that allows you to have both sirius and XM which is a bonus. The only thing I don't like is that you dont have a memo button like my old starmate which allows you to save artist you like and will alert you when they are playing so you can switch is you want. But all and all a great buy. Also I got the free install card so thought I would let tweeter install it so it looked nice in the new car and hide the wires. I paid extra to have it hard wired to the stereo thinking it could have no wires showing. No such luck. It's looks nicer then the other car's sirius but still a little junkie. Cost an extra $70 to do it too. Boo on that. But unless I wanted to drop $800 on a sirius ready factory radio for our new jeep, this was the best thing to do. I miss the old days when radios would fit all cars. Now you can't find anyting aftermarket radio at bestbuy to fit a newer model.
My husband bought this for me to put in our 1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee.  It mounted easily, stays put, gets great reception, and is easy to use.  I absolutely love the option to have XM in an older vehicle.  You can also take it inside and use an XM dock to play your favorite stations inside the house or whereever you are.GREAT product!
I haven't had any problems with the radio itself and have had it for nearly a year now.  I installed it myself in just about 10 minutes or so, which was pretty surprising to me since I'm not very good at any type of electronic install or setup.The subscription is about $15 a month.  I'm not sure why people are complaining about commercials?  I listen to all sorts of stations, alternative, classical, cinema soundtracks, symphony, 90's, hip hop, old school rap, current main stream, Rosie O donell in the morning etc.. there are no commercials.  The only commercials are on the actual TV stations that broadcast on the radio, like CNN, MSNBC, Oprah radio, headline news, etc.  Those have commercials because they are actual TV show's, not technically XM or Sirius stations.  The stations that are generated by sirius or XM have no commercials.Anyways, if you want satellite radio, this is the one to pick.  It has great graphics and great options.  You can save up to 10 songs.  There is a rewind button, you can hit rewind and go back to previous songs you listened to.  I also bought the docking radio station for it, so I can listen to my radio in the car and in my work and home.  The docking station is awesome (An AudioVox XMBB1)!!  It gets so incredibly loud and has deep bass, almost sounds like a surround sound system.  For such a small monthly fee, this service is totally worth it.
09/18/2010:  I'm afraid it might die in a year like many other's experiences with it but I will try to keep it out of sunlight.  Regardless, got it new for $95 received the day after I ordered it.  XM/Sirius customer service ROYALLY sucks but look for a code and you can even save $15 on activation.  It's been awesome so far and addicting, but then again I've loved XM for years now...Update 02/16/2013:  Still works fine!!  :)  Call XM for the best deals, press them for them (they are out there) or else you will end up paying full price.
This XM Radio is great.  The sound is great. It was easy to install.  The only problem I have is I can't seem to change the stations set on the preset buttons.  It says how to do it but when I've tried it hasn't worked.  Either I'm doing it wrong or something is wrong with the unit.  Just be careful about what stations you set on the presets because you may not be able to change them in the future.  Other than that I'm very happy with it.
Has a lot of cool features and works great.cons: power connect isn't as powerful as older generations and it's a bit pricy.XM note: I wish there was a spanish rock station again.
Bought this in Feb of 2012 to replace an old unit that didn't have many features. So far it is working just fine, same as the day I bought it (18 months at this writing).The reason I got this one is that it lets you auto tune favorite artist or song. It also lets you save 10 favorite songs that you can listen to anytime. You can also pause and rewind live broadcasts, just like a DVR on your TV. That is a useful feature when listening to talk radio and you miss what was said and want to listen again.The only complaint I have is that when the unit is restarted, like after the car has been turned off, it doesn't start at the last station I was listening too. I have not been able to figure out why.I recommend this XM Radio.
I had bought this item for my wifes car and it sounds great i made a coustom box for it and everything the only down fall is that it has no cd player in the deck so i bought a new one but the subs and wireing kit sound great
we are very satisfided with these products great for the money. will buy more when needed.will recomend for others to use them
They're very good with the radios we bought.  Bought 1 as a test unit and added 5 more. All the team likes them.  Good transmission quality and so on.  The cord could be a bit longer but other than that they're a great deal.
Great for my job when working nights tracking individuals.  The individuals can't hear what is going on on the radio while law enforcement is apprehending them.  Great way to be stealth like on radio traffic.
Purchased this item a while back. It works well. The only thing I wasn't expecting was the mic to be so big. The clip is plastic and sometimes moves. Other than that this is a great product. No problems communicating or receiving transmissions.
the earbud fits the Motorola XTS5000 but the cable to the mic is not long enough six or eight inches longer and it would work great
Great single earphone/mic for use in noisy environments.  Light weight construction is reason for lower rating.  This is backup to the one that came with the radial.
The alarm is great but you HAVE to know someone who is a professional installer or still pay  someone to install repeat NEED A PROFESSIONAL INSTALL ! Viper makes it impossible to obtain directions as an amature and it's complex but one installed great alarm
This is a great system that I've had it for 2 years now and love it. I installed it myself using the installer manual that I managed to find online (you have to look for them online but it is available). I must say however that if you are not good with automotive electrical work then maybe get a pro to do it. There are a lot of wires that require a lot of testing and understanding or use. Also, installation of relays or bypass modules may be needed (depends on your car's setup). Basically, the newer the car, the more complicated it'll be(factory alarm, kill switch, keyless entry, need key to start, chips in key, etc. all need to be bypassed). This was my 2nd remote start install but 1st alarm install so it still took me about 2 days to find the wires and install. Once it was in, boy is it nice. I get amazing range for all functions. I don't think the full range they state is accurate but I've started my truck from at least a 1/4 mile away on first try. The 2-way is a nice feature but is very rarely needed because its not often your using it past 1/4 mile to wonder if it worked (even a mall to back parking isn't that far). I use it mainly to warm up the truck on cold nights and especially when it snows as it is a plow truck.Also, I like the "leave it running" feature where you can remove the keys and lock the doors without shutting the engine off. Good when its cold and you need to run inside the store/house real quick. I use this function all the time when plowing to leave my truck running while I get out to do the sidewalks. Well worth the money just for that.
A bit disappointed tho, cause i cant use it to talk on the phone, when a call connects it does not come through the car audio
so far its working good
Worked up until the connection to the car broke for no reason
I have a Galaxy S4 that I wanted to be able to use as a speaker system and play music from. This device works excellent for that purpose, with simple pairing and reasonably rugged functionality. The only thing I would say is that (since I drive with all the windows open most of the time), it filters out about 80% of wind noise at sub highway speeds, which is good, but I wish it was a smidge better in that department. Otherwise, excellent product!
I use this with my samsung galaxy s android phone to play music via bluetooth and the fm transmitter.  The fm transmitter is pretty good.  I live in the Phoenix metro area in az and most of the time there is no static and sound is like CD quality.  But every now and then when I'm farther away from the suburbs and closer to the center of the metro area I will get a little static and have to search for another open station.When I'm listening to music and I receive a call, it pauses the song automatically and sends the audio from the call to the car speakers.  Same when I make a call.  The person on the other line tell me that it sounds like I'm speaker phone, but that they have no problem hearing me.  Very cool!Like others have stated, I've found that when I connect phone to flexsmart with usb to simultaneously charge the phone while playing music, I experienced a high pitch sound, not very loud but just enough to annoy and not let you enjoy the music.  So I usually use a separate car charger.I would also prefer that the knob default to volume control rather than station control.  I adjust the volume far more often than the station.Lastly, I don't know if this has to do with the flexsmart or my phone, or both, but everytime I get in the car I have to manually make the bluetooth connection - I would love for this to be done automatically when both are in range of each other.In summary, it gets the job done, not bad sound quality most of the time, but could use better controls.
This product works as described for my blackberry bold. The device plugs snug and tight into my cigarette lighter, and does not wiggle. The adjustable arm appears to be built out of metal, and is rigid enough to keep the device in the position you set it while being flexible enough to contort itself to a variety of different shapes and configurations. The 'remote' part of the device is entirely plastic, although it does have a decent heft to it and appears to be solidly constructed. The FM transmitter works very well. In a weeks worth of use, (I drive primarily in suburbs but also small cities like new haven, and bridgeport), and the sound quality is indistinguishable from a CD. I am only reminded i am using an FM transmitter when pandora is switching songs and a small electronic hiss comes over the stereo. However this is inherent to all FM transmitters and does not take away from the excellent experience this device provides.It gets 4 stars only because the 3.5mm headphone jack provided to me did not fit in my blackberry bold. It fit into the remote side of the unit just fine, but it appears that the supplied 3.5mm audio cable has poor quality control and the tolerances on its construction are such that you are not gurratneed if it will fit with your device. I tried plugging it into a CD player (it fit), another phone (did not fit), and a port on my computer (did not fit). I had to go to radioshack to buy another cable which cost me $7, which is why this product gets 4 stars.
Works great and love listen to music besides the radio through it and can easily answer phone calls - great
This is great for driving and since its flexible ita easy to move and adjust to what suits you. I love that there is more than one way to connect my phone to play music either through bluetooth or the line in cable.There is a slight hum you can hear over the radio using both line in and bluetooth but its not horrible. The bluetooth music play and skip  buttons are great but sometimes they do not work which can be frustrating while driving. The knob is also a little sensitive and since you have to click it to change from the radio station changer to the volume control I often end up changing the radio station without wanting to and get an ear full of static. It would be better if it defaulted to volume control instead of the radio since im sure most people will set it to transmit to a station once and leave it on that as I do.Other than the bluetooth music play buttons not working sometimes I love the go flex for its versatility, especially when the bbuttons work :)
The GOgroove was easy to set up and it works better than other FM transmitters I have purchased in the past.  I use it primarily to stream music from a phone and the sound clarity is very good, but totally dependent on FM station you are trying to transmit to and in some markets its difficult to find a totally interference clear FM channel.  When receiving a call, the music stops and you are able to speak hands free.  For the best reception, keep your phone as close to the transmitter as possible.
This is the best FM transmitter out there.  It's not perfect, but it's as close as you're going to get.  With most of your music/podcasts you'll probably think that this is CD quality, but softer sounding music will leave you a little disappointed.  If you really need pristine audio quality every time you're going to need a new head unit.  If you can deal with minor imperfections, you'll save yourself a lot of money with this device.For all of you cross country drivers and people who can't find a good station: If you don't need OTA radio, try removing your antenna.  It should help you a lot.
Works very well in either FM or line in mode.  If you have Line-IN, it is a cleaner sound, but FM is very good too.The best part of the transmitter is that it automatically connects to your phone when you turn it on.  I have the Iphone 5 and it works without any issues.The only negative is that the transmitter volume seems to vary each time it turns on.  Sometimes it defaults to 20 and sometimes it stays at the last volume that it was set on.  It is not a big deal as all you need to do is to turn up the car stereo's volume higher.All the control buttons work as expected on the unit.Edit -The unit lost the left channel this weekend.  I only hear out the right channel now in either line out mode or FM mode.  SO while still usable for phone calls, it's really pretty useless for music listening now.Very disappointing.
easy to set up.works great with my Iphone 3gs.the only minor issue is the sound quality on the other end of calls.there is some echoing effect but that is probably due to speaker mic positions which can happen in any car.I am going to get one for my wife now.
This is my 3rd Bluetooth + FM car kit. The audio quality for music played from car speakers is better than any other ones I have used. Most other FM transmitters suffer drop in audio quality depending on which area you drive because of FM channel interference, this one holds pretty well.Since it's plugged into the car charger, it connects to the phone as soon as I turn on the car. Other Bluetooth car kits which use battery need to be turned on manually, and need to be charged in a few days.If it had a built-in speaker just for phone calls, that would make it a perfect product.
Great item works excellent bought it for my BMW 540i and it works as described , I was surprised virtually no static , but not perfect...
Lacking an aux-in and too cheap to have another audio system installed I turned to the GOgroove FM transmitter. I am impressed with this unit. I use an iPhone and this unit automatically pairs with the iPhone when I get in the car (within a couple of seconds) and is ready to transmit audio. Audio quality is good (for an FM transmitter) and a bonus is that the play/skip buttons can be used in almost any iOS app for control. Siri also works if you hold down the call button.Call quality is good as well, everything is piped through your car's speakers and the microphone on the unit does a nice job of picking up your voice. People I've spoken to said the quality was good as well.Overall a very good unit and recommended. Only complaint (minor) is that the neck seems a little too flakey, but time will tell
IT works as advertised, Just sometimes it does not connect up right away, also I have to always turn up the Flex smart volume, Flex smart charger is real good if I had a longer commute FlexSmart would completely charge, my phone, it works great with my Samsung Galaxy s3
Great device with great optionsBut the charger not working with my S4Aux caple not that much quality but still good
it is nice , easy to pair, but sometimes it gets loosy in the outlet, but overall , it is a must have product
I originally bought this product for myself when I got my iPhone 5 the transmitter I previously owned didn't fit. You find a station without music on it and then set your transmitter for that station, connect it with your blue tooth feature on your smart phone and ta-da you can listen to your music on your phone through your car. Seems amazing right? Well my car's radio is the kind that only stops on stations with music...I suppose I didn't think it through all the way. (-1 star for not having another feature)I gave the transmitter to my sister and she uses it daily. She even told me that she can answer phone calls with it and they come through her speakers of her car! She loves it and now I'm jealous. LOL I guess I'll just have to keep using my AUX cord.
I have been using this for about 2 weeks now. So far so good....Music and sound quality are perfect. I would recommend this to anyone :)
I have found that the GOgroove FlexSMART X2 met 95% of my need for wireless cell to car music, phone, internet in my car.  It is easy to program, increase  volume,device music control and even power your cell or another portable device.  However, my only issue was placement in my wife's car because her power outlet in the car is located in the arm rest.To be fair, this is a problem with the design from infinity not GOgroove!
I had to downgrade my car due to economic reasons. I loved my bluetooth enabled car for listening to my music, Pandora, iRadio, and talking on the phone hands free. The GOgroove gave me a bluetooth option with great sound quality.
The variables :Car : Honda Civic EX 2007 4dr SedanPhone : iPhone 4SPrimary mode of use : Line-out port on the device + Car Aux input (connected using an audio jack cable)Pros/Neutral comments- Pairs very easily with the phone. As soon as I start the car, the device sends an audible beep through the car speakers within about 10-15 seconds to let me know that it has paired with the my iPhone.- Call quality : If you're using the line out port, call quality is great. I've called several people, some of whom I told that I was using a hands-free device, and they said that they could hear me just fine. Some, I didn't, and they never asked me to repeat what I said, so I assume they could hear me OK. I have to raise my voice a little, but its only very little, so I'm OK with that. I am very satisfied with this aspect of the device.- The line-out performance is very good.- The play, forward, rewind buttons work very well. One minor thing I noticed is that after the phone pairs (indicated by an audible beep), pressing the play button immediately would not play the songs. I would have to wait a few seconds (&lt;5) before pressing the play button (but after the pairing beep), and then the songs played. Before I turn off the car, I push the play button again, so the song is paused (and my iPhone stops playing the music), then switch off the car. That way, the next time I get into the car, the same song continues when I press the play button.- Contrary to some other reviewers who have stated that they hear a high pitch whirring noise (proportional to the engine speed) when they try to charge their phones using the USB port on the device while the car engine is ON, I had no issues like that. Even when the music was loud enough, I did not hear any interference or whirring noise. It possible that the other reviewers either got a bad piece, or the problem is with their cars. (I also checked out the comments on a review by a Mr. Wessel, where some commenters mentioned things like installing noise filters  in the car, but thankfully I didn't have to do all that)- In general, the default volume level (set at 20) works fine for me. I do have further volume control from the steering wheel, so I generally don't mess with the device volume.- The lights that light up to show the play/next song etc buttons and the phone buttons, are satisfactory. They would be even better if they made them a little dimmer, (I would say about 20% dimmer), but its OK, not a deal breaker, and I don't have a problem with it.- I haven't tried using Siri on it, (but thats mainly because I'm close to exceeding my data plan), but I pressed and held the 'make a call' button, and it said "Siri not available, please connect to the internet". So, I'm pretty sure that Siri will work OK, which is an added bonus.- I don't have a paid GPS app on my iPhone, but I tried an app called "Waze", and it worked great, just as if I had a nav system in my car (mainly because the directions were playing out of the speakers). I tried doing this while I was playing songs, and the songs would temporarily turn softer when the GPS lady spoke. Cool.Cons- The performance over FM was not good. I did not try searching different stations, but the fidelity of the sound in general was not that great (e.g the high frequencies were really horrible), and so I figured that this was a problem with the device's FM performance . Also, the volume level was audibly lower than if I used the line-out port. As much as I hate adding a cable so that I could use the line-out port, I must say that the performance is way better that way. In my car, the the cig lighter port and the aux-in port are right next to each other, and I was able to simply use a 1 ft audio jack cable to bridge that distance.- I would have liked the "stalk" a little sturdier. In my car, the cigarette lighter port is fairly close to the steering wheel, so I bump the device some times when putting in the keys or taking them out. On a couple of occasions, this caused the device to power off. I believe this is due to the connection at the charger port being a little loose, I don't think the device is faulty.- Every once in a while, the song skips a little. This is not a big deal, but I'll have to monitor this to see if it get worse. I'm not sure, but this may be a problem with the bluetooth chip, because I'm using the line out cable, and I dont suspect that the problem comes from the part of the 'circuit'.- I'm using a Mountek CD-slot mount to mount my iPhone (Mountek CD Slot Mount MT5000-C, Universal Hands Free Car Mount for Cell Phones, Satellite Radios & GPS Devices), and in my car, this blocks the clock on my dashboard. It would be cool if the display on the device would display the time, instead of the frequency all the time (as some reviewers have mentioned, I really dont need to know what frequency its been set to ALL the time).- Also, I would have liked if the default function of the dial would have been to adjust volume, not frequency. This also seems like an oft-mentioned quirk, and perhaps the manufacturer should address this (should be a simple software-category fix)Summary : All in all, I am very happy with the device, because it lets me play music seamlessly, receive and make calls without discomfort to the speaker or the listener, and be used with my iPhone as the GPS, as a "poor-man's NAV system". I would have liked to give it 4.5 stars, but you can't do that on Amazon, so I err on the lower side, because I don't know its durability. If this thing is still going strong a couple of years down the line, I'll upgrade this review to 5 stars.p.s. I've submitted a couple of photos.
Car: 2005 Subaru Legacy wagon with stock radio.This transmitter works well for music, and for transmitting audio from your phone to car speakers.  The pairing is quite accurate and quick.  Interference from other stations is minimal if you find the right one, which is where the autoseek does not perform as well as the rest of the transmitter.  The frequency increments are in units of 0.1, whereas in my car stereo the frequency increments are in units of 0.2 (and odd, e.g. 101.1, 101.3, but not 101.2).  More often than not it will choose an even frequency which means I have to seek out my own, which usually produces better results anyway.  Not a big deal but something that purchasers should be aware of.Microphone performance will vary on who is listening.  Most people will know they're on speakerphone but some complain of voice cutting out.  The power port on my car is pretty low on the dash so if you have something that would bring the microphone closer to your mouth that might solve the issue.  There is a line-in port, however; I may try an external mike and see how that works.
Only 4 stars for now as I just got this a few days ago, but I am super impressed thus far! I was extremely hesitant to make this purchase because every FM transmitter I have ever tried in the past was absolute crap and provided nowhere near listening quality audio - with music being my primary reason for buying. Since I have an older car with no direct connect or bluetooth options built in, I decided to give this a go.I had it set up and paired with my HTC EVO 4G LTE in less than 5 minutes and was listening to music (Pandora, Google Play Music and TuneIN Radio) through it about a minute later. For a FM transmitter, the sound coming through the car stereo is very good. I noticed others on here have complained about the lack of low end, but this can easilty be fixed by adjusting the bass or EQ on your car stereo. Another thing I learned quickly is to crank the volume on the GOgroove to about 30, max the volume on your device as well. This makes a huge difference in sound clarity being playing through your speakers. Plus, doing this means you only have to use the volume on your car stereo as you normally would. The Autoseek function to find an empty FM freqeuncy seems to work well. If you live in a larger city, you will want to find several empty stations you can go to if one or two of them starts to receive interference. Where I am (KC), I probably will need different stations for the GOgroove depending on where I am but this doesn't seem like a big deal.Only made a couple of phone calls so far, but the GOgroove seems to be up to that task as well. Again, you may need to tweak the volume setting a bit for phone calls but no big deal. Bonus feature to me is being able to charge your phone while you use the GOgroove so you only have have one device plugged in to your cigarette lighter.VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE and will try to remember to report back after I have had for a few months!
I got this device to replace a cheaper one from the same company, the "Flexpod Car Mount System for Apple iPhone 3G and 3GS / iPod Touch 2nd and 3rd Gen - Cutting Edge FM Transmitter and Charger with DC Surge Protection and Stabilized Flex-Neck."  That product was very poorly made, never worked well, and physically broke apart after a few months.  This newer one seems much better made, and I hope it will last longer.  It performs as advertised: it's easy to bluetooth-pair with my iPhone, the FM transmitter is powerful enough to completely cover up weak stations, the sound quality is good both in iPod mode and for cellphone calls, and the controls are simple but effective.  I do have a couple of quibbles, hence the 4 stars.  The FM frequency choices include twice as many frequencies as are actually tunable on a US radio; e.g., the device can transmit on 81.2 MHz but US radios only have 81.1 and 81.3, etc. (odd tenths of a MHz).  Thus when you use the auto-find-a-clear-frequency feature, it will almost always land on one of those unused frequencies, duh!  But you can't tune your radio to those.  And when you tune by hand, you have to skip over those for the same reason.  Also, the hand-tuning process is very jumpy over the frequencies and needs to be smoother.  I agree with another reviewer that the volume and frequency functions should be swapped: since you change the volume much more often, it should be the simpler, default function of the knob.  I have only used an iPhone 3GS as the source, and I found that you need to have iOS v4.2 at least to get the song skip-forward/back functions to work.  I also noted, as did another reviewer, that the charge function is rather weak.  It will only sloooowly raise the battery's charge while playing.  All in all, I'm quite satisfied, and with a refinement or two it would be a five-star.
Ordered the product after reading the many great reviews. The channels work greatly and the product is able to work with many devices it comes with the accessories to do just that. the down side of this all is the size very bulky and gets in the way. There are smaller more convenant products out there is I would pass on this one next time i am looking to buy a fm transmitter.
I wish it would stay connected when the car was turned back on, but it is OK for the money.
I've had this in my wife's car (2005 Grand Caravan) since Christmas and it works great and is very useful. We both use it from our iPhones (a 4S and a 5, both running iOS 7) and it plays both music and phone calls great.My only issue with this is that the audio signal coming out is a little low, so you need to turn the car stereo up louder than normal (which gets a little annoying with things like podcasts).
Pros:Adjustable duck neckEasy bluetooth setupCall quality is goodDevice controls are well placedCons:Radio station feature has static in the backgroundHave to adjust volume everytime u turn on your carSwitching between volume and radio station is a pain in the buttVERDICT- Must BuyThe good, out weigh the bad in this one. If u have aux input in ur car, then u gotta have this. If not...I would recommend passing. The static is way too annoying to be ignored.Hope this helps.
I have had the Gogroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED adapter for 2 months and have used it in multiple vehicles.  The unit seems to be well constructed.  Being able to turn it off by pressing the button and not having to unplug it is handy.  Saves from having it take up space in my center console or getting knocked to the floor.It has connected to multiple devices through bluetooth with out any problems.  The FM transmitter is strong enough to over power weak stations with out constant static.  I have used the USB ports to charge a few different phones and Ipods and it worked fine.When I used the headphone adapter I noticed static and constant humming. The cord that is included is pretty flimsy and the amount of interference changed when i moved the cord around.  Not sure if a better cord would make a difference or if the port is faulty.  Was still better than nothing when I needed to use it.Have not used it for hands free calling so no information to give about how well it works for that.All in all I am satisfied with my purchase
Very good product, works great with my iphone. Can answer call thru device and also great when using navigation device on phone (it comes thru car speaker).
I received this item yesterday and am very happy with it. Connecting it via bluetooth was a breeze and I love the auto search feature for a clear station.Others have stated that this product does not last, and I am concerned about that, the neck seems very sturdy but the rest seems to be of less than high quality materials.That being said, the sound is better than any other FM transmitter I have had in the past and for only 44 dollars also a lot cheaper than some of the other ones I have bought.The phone quality is great on my end and the other end said it just sounds like they are on speaker phone but isnt too bad.All in all, a great product and I would highly recommend it.The one thing that I wish it did not do is reset the volume to 20 every time you turn it off, but this is very minor and almost a non-issue.
I've had other bluetooth FM transmitter thingys, and I think this one is the best. I live in socal and have it tuned to 90.4 or 90.5. Seems to work throughout the OC, Inland Empire, LA, and SD area without a hitch.
This is easy to set up and works well. Occasionally you will get some static, but all you have to do is change the channel to a new station. Otherwise, works quite well at connected to your phone or ipod
I love that I can skip through songs, something I couldn't do with any other transmitter...when it works. It seems that if the phone &#34;goes to sleep&#34; while I'm driving and the screen goes off, I have to make the screen come back on to progress my song. This finally allows me to start clicking the transmitter, and advance through songs again. I don't get it, but is a minor inconvenience I just put up with. Hands-free talking is convenient, but doesn't seem to work when I am also charging my phone using the usb port. I have to be honest and say I haven't spent much time with the ins and outs of the unit, but will keep working with it!
I've had this device for a little over a month now and it has been beneficial to have around. For the price however, it lacks somewhat. Nevertheless, considering the current competition, it seems to be the best in it's class. The flexsmart is solidly built, it doesn't feel cheap or fragile and it has clearly labeled controls that are extremely simple to use. I've listed all the pros and cons below for a more in depth review.Pros:Easy to use- once I paired it with my Droid Bionic, it automatically repairs every time I turn on the bluetooth on my phone and turn on the flexsmart.Stable bluetooth connection - once it's connected, it stays connected. No dropped bluetooth signals even when at a distance of 20 feet from the device.Quality sound - sound is stereo and full range unlike tape deck adapters and some aux ports.Good microphone quality - the two microphones on the flexsmart make my voice sound clear and pronounced even though I am sitting about 2 ft away from the device when talking.usb charging port - I can charge my phone or any other 1 amp device.convenient controls - the controls are laid out nicely on the device and easy to use.Cons:Radio frequency range - the range of channels it can broadcast on is limited to FM only channels 89-107.9 This can be a problem if you live in a big city like me. I live in Portland and the only channel that works without interference is 98.7 and I mean it is the only channel. Every other channel has interference from radio stations being broadcasted.Broadcasting range - the flexsmart range of broadcast is low powered and limited. I'm sure that it has to comply with FCC regulations and I understand. But, since I live in a big city, other radio station broadcasts can easily overpower it so finding a dead channel is absolutely necessary in order to get a clean broadcast.Interference - Despite finding a dead channel to broadcast to from my flexsmart, there is still some interference from time to time. For my job, I often travel 20 miles or more throughout Portland and I sometimes notice a small amount of interference(negligible) when I'm on top of high hills or up by cell towers.Pairing - I can only pair to one device at a time. I have a work cell phone and a personal cell phone, but I can only pair with one or another, not both. This is annoying because I'm on call and use both frequently during and after work.Overall I am very pleased with my flexsmart, it helps out a lot for my needs. Things to make it better would be: A wider range of channels, maybe am/fm? Multi-pairing for multiple devices and a better broadcasting range if the FCC will allow it.
Admittedly, I've only had this for a day, but I'm already fairly impressed.For reference, I own a 2006 Volkswagon GTI (MKV), bought used. It has a lovely sound system, including a six disc changer and satellite radio integrated into the dash. But absolutely no input options. No aux, no USB, and the head unit is designed as such that installing either of those sort of destroys to look of the dash. For months I've been Making Do with CDs (what is this, 2003?!?) and satellite radio. All fine and good, but I like to have it all, so not having an option to hook my Droid X up to my car's sound system has been a challenge.I finally decided I couldn't take listening to the same CDs over and over again and bought this transmitter. I have a dock for my X that has been on my dash for ages. When I seat my phone in the dock, it's automatically plugged into the car charger.Pro #1 for the GoGroove: it connects via microUSB, which is how my X charges, so I just took my X charger out and plugged the GoGroove in. When I connected the dock via microUSB to the GoGroove, my phone started charging. Fantastic.Con #1 for the GoGroove: the microUSB cable that comes in the box is a great addition to the package, but at only about 16" long (I didn't measure, I'm ballparking here) it was too short to run from the dock on my dash down to the GoGroove. I had to use one I had in the house that's about 2' long. A minor quibble.Pairing was ridiculously easy. Plug the GoFlex in, hold down the call key until it starts flashing, and tell your phone to scan for devices. Bingo, they were paired and connected.Pro #2: the box has three cables in it; USB > microUSB, USB > miniUSB (think Blackberry charger), and an aux > aux cable. I tried running audio through the aux cable and found that it was REALLY whiny. Some of the other reviews here discuss that being the result of the player/phone being close to the alternator and picking up feedback from it-- my very limited testing said that yes, that's exactly what it is, and it's awful. Terrible. Fortunately mine plays beautifully through the bluetooth connection.Con #2: the GoGroove controls do not control the Amazon MP3 player on my X. This is my primary music source, so that was sort of a bummer. My solution, however, has been to install another player on my X that has larger on screen controls, which are easier to use in the car, called Car Music Lite. The GoFlex DOES control the next/last/pause/play functions of this player, so problem solved. What you need to know is that the GoGroove seems to be communicating tthose button commands via bluetooth and not via the USB connection. So if you're using an app/player that doesn't communicate via bluetooth, these controls won't work.The FM portion of the product is still proving itself. I live on the outskirts of a large city, so getting a blank station to use clearly for a long period of time can be a challenge. I did have to change stations a couple of times on my commute this morning, but doing so was easy: hold down the knob on the GoGroove and it finds a blank station and displays it on the readout. Tune to that station on your car radio, and tada, you're in business. That'd be Pro #3 for those keeping track: retuning to a new station is crazy easy.Con #3 for the GoGroove is something I saw mentioned in another review. To manually select an FM station on the GoGroove, you turn the knob. To change the volume on the GoGroove, you press the knob and THEN turn it. Because the GoGroove is designed to find stations FOR you, tuning manually is rarely necessary. Changing the volume is something you'd likely have to do more often, and thus (IMO) should be the default function of the knob. Maybe once I've settled into a setup for this device I'll change my opinion, but right now I think that would be a better configuration.I'm going to mention one more thing, related specifically to the VW drivers out there. My model has but one power outlet, located in front of the manual transmission shifter. Space is tight up there. In a perfect world, the GoGroove would have multiple lengths of flexy-arm-thing, so one could choose their preferred length based on the configuration of their car's dash. The 6" or so that this thing has is a bit of overkill for my layout; two inches would have been perfect. Particularly since I drive manual, I can't have stuff hanging around right in front of the shifter. But what I did is plugged it in and bent the arm down almost flat to the base of the shifter, on the passenger's side. It's low enough that it does not interfere with shifting, and long enough that I can still see it reasonably well. That it's flexy means I can move it around based on what gear I'm in if I need to, but that hasn't posed much of an issue.I have not tested call quality yet. I might edit later once I have, but I rarely use the phone in the car so that might be a long time coming.I'm looking forward to listening to audiobooks off my phone in the car again.
I have tried a number of FM transmitters for iPods and phones and such, and this one is the best I've tried - by far. It out performs all of the others I have tried with the FM broadcast signal. I still get the occasional static, but you cannot eliminate that entirely. But it works really well, and I was pleasantly surprised!I use it with my HTC Evo 4g, and it plays podcasts and music through my speakers. I also use it for phone calls and the only complain I get is sometimes the person hears road noise, so I am not sure if it has noise cancellation or not.I do get some noise when I use the charger function, and that is annoying, so I don't use it. I just plug my EVO into a cord that is plugged into my arm rest.If you have had problems with FM transmitters in the past, I urge you to give this a try. It really works!
I looked at some cheaper FM transmitters but this is the best. It works with my 4g evo and my husbands iphone. I love the handsfree phone component. I really only bought it to play pandora through the radio but this is an added feature. Well worth the money and easy to set up. Very clear.
I needed a way to play music from my phone to the car speakers and this works great for that purpose.  The only downside is that I have to turn the volume way up for making calls.  It's possible my phone is responsible for that though -- it's an HTC Thunderbolt, notoriously bad at blue tooth.  I'm very happy with the purchase.
I purchased this for my wife for Christmas.  She doesn't have an Aux in outlet in her car so she has been unable to take advantage of using a phone or MP3 player in her car.  We've only used it one day but I wanted to provide initial impressions.First off, it was easy to setup.  This is not always the case with bluetooth accessories but for this item, it lived up to the promise.  This is also important for my wife -- if she gets frustrated in the setup of electronic items, she is much less likely to use them going forward.  Thankfully, this was as easy as plugging it in to the DC outlet in the car, hitting the call button and then searching for the transmitter with her phone.  The phone found the transmitter and connected within 30 seconds.  She then was able to tune to a random channel on the transmitter and on the radio.  She was playing music a few seconds later.  The sound was really good -- keep in mind that we were sitting in a parked car.  I'll know more as she uses this more while actually driving.For grins, I also placed a call to her from inside my house.  She was able to pick it up and answer.  The sound on my end was fine -- not crystal clear but about what you would expect from a cell phone.  It would appear that the microphone within this transmitter is good enough to not degrade the call quality.All in all, I feel a lot better because it will allow my wife to listen to her music and talk on her phone in a more 'hands-free' fashion.  It also means no more CDs laying around the car.
Overall, this is a great product.  It works exactly as advertised, and better than I had hoped.  It quickly sync'd with my HTC EVO, and finds it quickly every time I turn on the car.  The hands free functionality works perfectly well, with reception and volume working well to the person on the other end of the call.Only minor nuisance is that fact that the volume control on the unit does not remember the setting when the car is off.  Requires resetting of the volume every time you get in the car.Definitely worth the cost.Lastly, in the San Francisco bay area, 103.3 is the best fm frequency to use.
Sound quality is good but sometime does not transmit the fm signal properly, so noise comes with the music, new frequency need to be set to reduce the noise.
This product is a very nice addition to my car with an older stereo system that does not have a way to connect my phone or Ipod.  I listen to Audio books on my way to work and the sound is great for that.  It was simple to set up, recognizing my devices and connecting very quickly.  Playing music took a bit more adjusting of settings to get the sound right, but after a bit of trial and error I was able to get a fairly good sound output that is fine for the amout of music I actually listen to.  It is a nice looking unit and I love the USB connection on the side. I don't really use the phone answering or dialing ability because I have a headset, but it works well for that also.  A few people I have called using the unit told me I sounded like I was in a barrel but others say I sound perfectly fine, not sure why there is/was a difference. All in all a really great little device that works well for me.
I have a 2007 model year car that doesn't have BT, doesn't have a tape deck, and doesn't have an aux line.  What the heck am I supposed to do to listen to music and safely answer phone calls while driving.  For a few years I had a monster FM modulator that plugged into the headset, great for music but bad for calls.  I did a lot of research and found GOgroove to have good reviews by customers and tech sites alike.Pros:Great sound quality for musicEasy to find a stationCallers say they here me very wellFlexible neck brings it to a height nearly the same as my radio (will vary by power port section)Cons:No display for current songNo phone button access, may need to pull your phone out stillSummary: If you have an older car and want BT, this is a very solid option in my experience.
This works extremely well.  I've used it in several road trips and I've only had to change the station once!  The Bluetooth works amazingly well.  It's a great investment, I've had several transmitters in the past this is by far the best!
Works perfectly with my Samsung Captivate on a 9-year-old car stereo. There's occasional static between songs, but you can search for a different station frequency with better reception. Set-up is easy--I had it working in about 3 minutes.
I like it for the most part.Bluetooth works great.It does a poor job of finding an open station.  Always goes to 91.3 or 106.5 which are never clear in my area.  I end up manually setting it.It doesn't have enough power to charge my HTC thunderbolt when plugging into the USB port on the unit.  It will run down my phone in about an hour.Given the simplicity of the bluetooth, I reccommend it.
My Motorola Droid works wonderfully with this, allowing me to listen to podcasts and music while I drive, as well as receiving phonecalls with the click of a button.Occasionally, I'll get some engine humm as I drive, and the bass seems significantly dialed back in the audio, but it definitely beats buying an expensive new stereo with built-in Bluetooth.High recommended!
Pros:- Superb functionality: Bluetooth audio transmission, usb port for charging, hands free calling, and even a jack to plug in non-bluetooth devices.- The ability to have play/pause/skip buttons right at your fingertips while driving is great.- Amazing audio quality.  Completely overrides the radio static.- Easy to set up and use.Cons:- The center knob is finicky and cheaply made.  Sometimes I'll go to tap it once to adjust the volume and the knob will increase the station increment on its own, which will then make the music come in worse.  You then have to wait a small while, even after the volume display disappears, to change it back.  Also you may have to turn the knob multiple increments to increase the volume/station to the next notch.  It's not that big of an issue but it can be irritating while driving.- It's probably just my car, but the rubber strips on the sides of the device's insertion point actually make it extremely hard for me to remove it again once it's plugged into the car.  These strips were designed to give the device some stability while inserted, but the power slot on my car has metal clips on the inside of it which the rubber gets stuck on.  I've already ripped the the rubber right off while pulling it out.Misc:-When you are using this with a non-bluetooth device, you should note that NONE of the controls on the device will work with it.  Play/pause are obvious, but I had expected the Go-Groove's sound control to at least work and actually returned the first one I purchased thinking it was defective.-To get the most out of your Go-Groove, use it with a bluetooth device.  I now use it with a Toshiba Thrive tablet.  The button functionality on the Go-Groove works great and I think the audio quality is a tad better too.-For best audio quality: Turn your phone/music player to max volume, your car radio volume to about the middle (I use 10), and use the knob on the Go-Groove to increase and decrease it to your liking.Overall:Great product with some flaws.  I'd definitely recommend it.  It's the best/most affordable device like this out there.
when stationary reception is great, however while driving reception comes in and out and a lot of static comes in and out. otherwise, when it is good it is great, crystal clear.  wish there was a solution for the static and reception. i would have kept it and told everyone to get it.
Does everything fairly seamlessly.It did take a little figuring out with the stations and the exact function of the knob, since the instructions are lacking.
Easy to connect and configured with your mobile device. You'll get a very crisp and clear sound once tuned with your FM transmitter/radio. I'll recommend this product to anyone who is looking to connect their mobile device to car radio.
I initially had a few problems trying to get it to play.  I think the problem was in New York there are so many stations that its difficult to find a unused one.  Once outside of new york it worked beautifully.  The only other complaint is that it had a static hiss at times which was more notable during quieter parts in music.
This FM transmitter is great.  it works well and I can now stream music from my iPhone and Pandora in my car.  It was an easy set up IF you follow the directions in the full instruction pamphlet.  DO NOT follow the Quick Start directions because they were wrong (that is the only reason I am giving the product 4 stars).  Sound is good and streaming is seamless.  I enjoy not being limited to the radio and CD player.  Haven't taken a call with it yet, but I expect no problems.
I got this mainly so I could listen to music on my phone and it has been great !  Good quality sound.
Great product to have in your car. The sound quality is pretty good. No radio interference except when the USB is connected, but definitely not an issue.
I like how this one has an off  and on switch.  I think you goes far better than the first series of these type of product I would recommend but there are better ones if you're willing to spend a bit more money.
This was perfect for my 2001 Honda Civic which has no Aux input. Sound is clear with rare, minimal static (which only occurs when traveling under a nest of wires). Controls are great and easy to use. Bluetooth is a surprisingly convenient feature - if you already have a song going (eg from the last time you were in the car) you can just hit the play button on the device when you turn the car on and your song will resume. Call quality is okay - easy to hear in the car, but the microphone is below steering wheel level so the person at the other end of the call may not be able to hear very well and/or you may end up shouting.The packaging is an old plastic sealed clamshell which were very popular about 5-10 years ago - the ones where you use scissors and the packaging ends up cutting you. In addition, the wires are packaged deceptively close to the edge where you need to cut to get the package open and are hidden from your view when looking at the package- I was trying to be careful when using the scissors and just cut at the very edge, but I ended up cutting the 3.5 mm audio cable. This has not been a problem because of the bluetooth functionality; however, it was annoying and prevents any possible use of devices w/o bluetooth. If you need the cable, be careful opening the package.
Practically plug-n-play.  The FlexSmart X2 works for playing music from my iPod, while notifying me of incoming calls or messages.  Accepting or initiating a call automatically pauses the music, although the microphone volume isn't optimal for conversation.  The call buttons don't always respond on first press, either, but since it met my primary goal (of listening to music with a hands-free call option) I feel it's a decent value.
A little static but it is going through a radio station.  We looked for a few mins for the perfect station with very little static but it you are picky don't bother this is cheaper than replacing the entire radio in a car.  The Bluetooth connects to my iPod, blackberry, and droid phone seeing if the new tablet does too no clue yet pretty sure it will.phone calls sound great  through it too.
This device works very well! I've purchased at least 2 of these transmitters - ( different brands) in the past and they were limited in functionality and performance- usually a lot of static, interference and overall poor sound.  However, this device worked very well, the sound was crisp and clear. I travel extensively through mountainous regions and was still able to satisfactorily listen to music.
Excellent product for those with basic radios. Very powerful transmitter, bluetooth handsfree works beautifully. However, sometimes there is random interference that will cut out the transmitter. Unsure if it's the transmitter itself or external influence. A little pricey for what it is though.
The sound quality was pretty good, wasn't the best though. It doesn't mention who the caller is, but overall does the job great and easy device to connect.
This thing was very easy to connect which was very nice.  Hold down the call, it flashes, connect on phone and done.  After that I tried to switch through music with my alternate music app on android and it wouldn't control it in any way.  I think you might have to use the default music app or something but I am not sure because I uninstalled that and use a different one that I prefer.  Having a conversation with this would not work too well.  I didn't buy it for that purpose so I could care less about that.  If you just want to get the music or pandora/spotify to your radio without upgrading to a fancier deck this is what you need.
I bought this product fully aware that the FM transmitter itself was unlikely to be better than others on the market because they are government-restricted. I bought it because it has other features I need, such as the usb port.I live in Los Angeles and didn't really have high expectations, and it's a good thing I didn't. It does the best it can, being an FM transmitter, and it even works pretty well sometimes, but no one station works from one mile to the next. I've found one or two that works in most places, but there is always some level of static. The problem is that it isn't just straight static, it pulsates and is extremely annoying. There are no vacant frequencies in Los Angeles.By far my biggest problem with this product is the fact that if I charge my phone off it and listen to music at the same time, the cord makes the static way worse. Also infuriating is that it works perfectly in almost all scenarios if I just put my hand near the darn thing. Life is hard.In any case, I recommend this product if you don't live in an area with no vacant or really weak frequencies and understand the limitations of the technology.
I gave this as a gift for my daughter who just started driving. She really wanted this device for the Aux for her IPod but I wanted it for hands free. We know most teens can't resist talking on the phone while driving. So far so good. No wrecks and it serves her purpose for her IPod connection to her radio. I would recommend this to anyone who has a Teenaged child. It sure takes some stress off of this old man. Lol.
Linking process was easy.Music quality is pretty good (though dependent on FM conditions in the local area).Call quality is split in half.  LISTENING to a call on my end is very good.  However, the microphone does not do a good job of picking up my voice, so the quality of the call on the other end is poor.There are three negative aspects to this product, but they are not cause to return it.1st, the cables provided with the phone are too short to reach from the unit to my phone on the dashboard.2nd, the unit auto-selects FM frequencies that are even numbers.  My car radio does not tune into even frequencies; it only offers those ending in an odd number.  This is standard; for the phone to offer even ones makes no sense.3rd, the unit does not remember its volume setting, so each time I turn it on, I must adjust its volume to maximum so my car radio has the most effectiveness.It's a good unit for the price.
Pairing was a breeze, haven't had any problems with the device. I really like the convenience it offers, don't have to remove the phone from my pocket to play songs, and I can receive calls too.
The GoGroove FlexSmart works very well. Easy to set up and use. Definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a bluetooth transmitter.
I bought this product in order to connect my phone to the car stereo. I have a 2003 Honda Civic and it doesnt have an Aux in on the music system. I had tried using an old nokia phone as a FM transmitter and loading my music on that but it really didnt cut it. The signal strength was way too low and local radio stations would pop in and out making the experience really annoying. I was actually looking for a BT car speaker when i found this thing. ordered it immediately and got my brother in law to order one as well after he tested it out and it worked like a charm. There are times when there is interference from the local radio station but the strength of this thing is higher so u will still only hear the stuff from your connected device. It has a line in/out along with a USB port for charging. U really cant ask for much mode from this thing. I give it a star less coz i had to buy a splitter in order to connect my GPS charger along with this into my car lighter port. But the product is fabulous.
After a year or so using this product, we are very happy with it.  Please read the review in it's entirety to understand how this was applied to my situation.  I live in a market where there are so many radio stations.  Getting a clear FM channel is very difficult without and signal bleed.  This product was not used as a FM transmitter, although it's being marketed as one.  We used this device for it's Bluetooth capabilities and AUX output.  Rather than transmit the signal from my iPhone via FM signal to the car stereo (iPhone &#62; Flex &#62; FM Signal &#62; Car Stereo), I used the FlexSMART to receive my Bluetooth signal and output to the AUX output of the FlexSMART to the car stereo (iPhone &#62; Bluetooth&#62; Flex &#62; AUX &#62; Car Stereo).  The was a much easier way to introduce the signal into the stereo, as well as a &#34;clearer&#34; way to send audio.  I was able to put this device within a console, out of site, and out of the way.  The USB out was convenient to charge my iPhone when in use.Please note, that the 4-stars is based on not using this as an FM-Transceiver.  I didn't want to rate it based on that, therefore removed a star to avoid giving it a higher rating for something that was never tested.Overall, I would recommend this product, especially if applied in the same fashion as noted above.
Okay, so my car doesn't have an auxiliary port and I had been using a FM transmitter with a cable. It was awful and had a ton of static, which is beyond annoying to say the very least. The GOgroove is a little more than what I was interested in paying, but after enduring all of the static I caved. The installation, which is little to none, is super easy. However, I find that I have trouble finding a clear station. This is not an issue with the device itself. I wish there was a way to answer my phone with it connected, but not have the call come through the speakers. I have to turn the device off completely in order to answer an incoming call without it coming on through the speakers. Other than those minor flaws, this product is great. Would I buy it again? No. I don't feel that it is worth the $60 that I paid for it. It does what I want, but there is still some static and I don't know if that will ever be completely eliminated without going completely auxiliary or getting a vehicle with the capabilities to connect wirelessly without utilizing any FM stations.
I still like this product even though a bit of static comes through on occasion.  I usually just change the frequency and the static goes away.  I have an iphone4s and it works with this devise.  When I use the bluetooth capabilities to make a call some callers are able to hear me perfectly while one of my friends insists that she can never hear me ( I think it's her phone).
First of all this is a review for the Gogroove Flexsmart X2.  Too many times I read reviews for products on Amazon and they are for company related products and not for the specific item i am interested in.I bought this as a cost effective way to add hands-free Bluetooth connectivity for my phone while in my car for calls and Pandora listening.  I have to say I was very impressed with how well this unit worked.  I have owned several FM transmitters and was NEVER as happy as I was with this.The ease of use was a no brainer for me.  My Galaxy Note 2 recognized this easily and paired with no problems.  I had some operational challenges that I am sure would have been solved if I had read the instructions but you know....I'm a guy so that's not an option.  I made and took several calls and everyone said they could hear me good.  The X2 mic was approximately 18 inches from my mouth during phone conversations.The quality of sound was quite good (as good as radio listening) after much tinkering with volume levels (phone, radio, and X2 all have volume controls) and the addition of an android equalizer app.  A direct connection via the included cable, if your stereo has a 1/8 input jack, most certainly would have provided better sound.  I did not test this method since my stereo was not equipped with one.  There was also a charging cord included that I did not use because it had much less output that my stock charger and would have taken forever to charge my phone.I never figured out all the ins and outs of this unit.  It was stolen from my car less than a week after I started using it.  There is a way to activate your voice recognition, if your phone supports this, which you can use to make calls and launch apps by the call button on the X2.  I did this a couple times and was trying to get it where I was efficient at using that function but I didn't have time before it was stolen.All in all I really loved adding this to my car.  The only thing I would have changed would have to been to make the flexible neck more flexible.  I would bend it in 2 places to get it where I wanted it and it just wouldn't stay.  Maybe it would have loosened up over time.  I give this 4 stars because of the flexible neck issue and there was a slight hissing noise between Pandora songs...something I noticed with ALL my FM transmitters.  If you really must have exceptional sound quality then buy a car stereo with Bluetooth support if you can afford it.  I recently installed a Kenwood DPX500BT in my car to replace the X2.  Best purchase I have ever made for my car.
Delivered on time.Very clear sound for both sides of the call.I like the on/off button, and the led colors.The package includes the needed cables.Syncing with phone and FM is good.The only problem is that it doesn't fit very well into my car.When used with iPod, I need the charger cable and the sound cable which makes it very annoying while driving.
Not as good as a built-in, because the radio has to be on aux, but that's expected. The mic works very well while driving, and just pressing the iPhone's home button in my pocket brings Siri to the radio for a chat. Very pleased.
If you're picky about sound quality, you will want to stick with Audio input cord, but this get's the job done. You lose a bit of presence when using this adapter but pairing is very simple and the hardware design is nice. It seems well thought out for what it is. If you don't have audio input available in your car stereo and don't want to spend a couple hundred dollars to stream music from your phone, this is a viable option.
works as promised.. phone calls are a bit fuzzy to the person on the other end of the call sometimes and other times the call is ok .. all depends on the reception. I use it daily with my Sprint EVO Cell phone playing Pandora App from it and love that I no longer need to listen to the crappy radio stations that are in my area. I notice when I travel north from where I live I sometimes need to change the Radio Station to a higher station to avoid getting static. ( I keep mine on 88.1 98% of the time. But when i travel north and it starts getting static I changed to the high 100's. So far after 1 month its working out well for me for the price..
I confess to being amazed at how well this product works. I bought it mainly so I could listen to my  4g ipod touch in the car and the sound quality is great. Strong FM signal, easy to sync up the blue-tooth with my ipod, looks great, and it charges my ipod to boot! Also easy to sync up my phone. The only semi-negatives: not as much volume/oomph as, say, listening to a CD, but come on - this is an fm transmitter (and at a great price). Also, get a little bit of noise on quiet songs, but still...to be able to listen to my ipod in the car I'm willing to sacrifice a little bit of fidelity.
It has awesome sound quality. The only problem it had was when I first inserted into cigarette lighter, It got stuck and took my extra force to pluck it from there. It kinda bend my lighter as well but nothing major.Good sound quality but not so good manufacturing quality.8/10
I received the item promptly, order fulfillment was as expected very good. Retail plastic security packaging only moderately frustrating. The product's appearance is pleasing enough, the display adequate, the control layout convenient and useful. The cable accessories included, while of a more fragile build, were of appropriate scale for the environment where I will be using them. The presence of a power on/off switch is a plus, and its placement and usability are well considered. Bluetooth pairing the device initially was a bit touchy but ultimately successful, and subsequent connections with paired devices were effective and smooth. The dual methods of selecting the FM frequency were also well considered and useful. The presence of the USB charging port was also helpful in making the decision to purchase.Bluetooth 2.1 is adequate for my purposes, as the BT profiles used by the device are common and well supported.I noted that the image of the device on the card integral to the packaging appears to show the legend near the USB port indicating that it provides 500mA, while the list of specs below the image indicates 1000mA output. I wonder what figure I could rely upon to predict how it will behave.Also in the spec list the input shows a power draw of 400mA. I gather that this is for the BT/FM functionality and does not refer to the draw that supplies the 1000mA to the USB port. I might guess that with both the BT/FM section operating concurrently with a device powered by the USB port, the net draw at the 12VDC connector would rise to 1400mA plus an allowance for efficiency loss, but this is conjecture and it is unclear whether I can rely upon this figure factually. I wonder what the actual maximum power draw really is.While the FM band can be crowded, I was able to find usable connectivity to the radio in the car. Admittedly, my car's radio is not the most satisfying piece of technology, but I have to report that the signal strength required to keep the static noise floor abated was not generated by the GoGroove device. Just a bit more energy would be useful to operate more successfully for those who endure car radios of marginal performance.While this is not a perfect device, I understand that it is intended as a general purpose solution for many possible installations and in the main it satisfies my objectives. I will likely make an additional purchase for another  vehicle, and I would recommend it to others looking for a similar solution.  I am unaware of a better example.
Convenient piece of technology - good to have both blue tooth and wired capabilities in case you want to save battery life.
Amazing unit.  Great sound quality, lots of hookup options.THAT BEING SAID.The phones I had and the unit seemed to have different volume levels.  This means when I got in the car I'd have to have the stereo  set on a different input.  If I didn't, when the unit connected to the phone it would make an EAR SHATTERING BEEP through the speakers.  It was the same if someone called me.
I had purchased a more expensive item as I like to listen to the music on my phone while traveling. In less than a year it was not functioning well. This product however, cheaper but packed with functionality. Love that I can charge my phone, listen to music wirelessly, talk "on the phone" hands free, and charge several different phone brands with the flexsmart. I have not had it very long but I sure am enjoying it.
Connected with my Droid Razr Maxx phone without an issue. I LOVE being able to listen to Pandora through my car speakers via my phone. I have a 2005 Accord without an aux jack, so haven't been able to do this before now. Calls through the device have been okay, but have only made a couple so can't really review thoroughly.I will note that you have to have the media volume on your device turned UP in order to really hear the sound, otherwise you'll have to turn your car volume up all the way, which could make for an unpleasant surprise when you turn your car on again...Overall, great product!!
My car is tech challenged - no intergrated Bluetooth or aux jack on the radio.  Local radio is BORING so I had to find a way to play MP3s from my phone.  I've had the X2 for three days now and, so far, I'm happy with my choice.  Setup was a snap and Bluetooth connection was easy.  The FM station search stops at the first idle frequency and I got a quieter connection by manually tuning to a frequency further from local stations.  One or two nits to pick: As mentioned by another reviwer, the power button seems a little flimsy and I'm hoping it isn't a problem down the road.  Also, when making a quick stop, if I leave the phone connected to the charging port the X2 takes a little vacation when I start the car and power gets restored. I have to fiddle with the X2 power button a few times before it comes back on, then I have to reconnect Bluetooth.  This doesn't happen if I unplug the phone.  I haven't contacted the manufacturer yet so I don't know if this is something I'll just have to live with or not.
Easy set up right out of the box.  If you know how to change a light bulb....just follow the instructions.  Now, I have another BT transmitter that works with the line-in aux port.  But this one is better because I don't have to worry about plugs and cables cluttering up my console.  Simply plug the transmitter in (step 1), pair it with your phone (step 2) and start using the features from your phone (music, phone, etc....) through your vehicle radio (step 3).  If you can't figure this out within 5-10 minutes, just ask an expert of watch a youtube video.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice transmitter, but it's not as small as my line-in unit.  Just 1 personal preference.  It's still a great because the radios I'll be using it on don't have line-in aux plugs.
I have always been skeptical about using bluetooth. for the car. I have had other products that was just inferior in quality. I decided to give it another shot. So, I tried this because of the great reviews. I was so impressed with the intuitive functionality this device has to offer. In terms of intuitiveness, functionality and designed. This rocks the house.
every thing works as expected, call quality is extraordinarily clear, people cant even tell i am driving or that they are on the speakers, they think i am on the phone itself.the bluetooth music function is also excellent, there is a minor hissing sound when the song is not playing but i guess that is expected.the knob should switch volume by default instead of the radio station as once the radio is set there is no need to adjust it that frequently compared to the volume.also the play pause button is not the easiest to press (due to the knob being right there) while driving, making it slighly bigger would improve the ease of use significantly.
ProSimple to setup, pair with my android phoneAutomatically pairs when I turn the car on (&lt;10 secs)Having physical buttons on the device to pushSound quality is great, through both FM and the included audio cableHas ports for audio in (for non-bluetooth devices), audio out (for your car's AUX input), and an USB port (for charging)Comes with short cables (USB to microUSB, USB to miniUSB, and 3.5mm)USB port for chargingConNot sure if it's an issue with the device or my phone, but the music controls are sketchy.. Sometimes it launches different apps, even if it's already playing music.The cigarette adapter is somewhat loose.. it's possible to press a button and have it lose power. You'll have to play around with the neck/device positions.USB port says it may not charge high-power devices.. meaning it probably doesn't provide 1+ amp, which is needed to charge most smartphones
Just bought it and I am glad that i got this one compared to other i had been browsing. Its very easy to set up. Though music quality is not the best its good for the price.
This works great as far as music goes. I never have any trouble with it. I am however disappointed in the voice quality.  I can't use it for phone calls at all because people can't hear me and it sounds very noisy.Only reason I give it four stars is for the music. It's great for that.
Overall, a very solid four stars. Product works as advertised. The sound quality is decent (not great) and I suspect about as good as you can expect for this technology and its inherent limitations. I was pleasantly surprised by the functionality and sound quality of the blue tooth phone interface. The callers could tell I was talking on a hands-free blue tooth, but had no complaints on the call quality. Sometimes pairing can be a challenge, but be patient and it will work just fine. The only gripe I have is the fact that the head unit in not rotatable around the flex shaft, creating viewing limitations depending on your accessory plug-in location. Mine's in the center console and when I plug it in the frequency display is oriented toward the passenger, and upside down to the driver.  No biggie, it's easy enough to read none the less. Also, the flex shaft could be a bit stiffer to keep it in a fixed position..but again, not a huge deal.  I would definitely buy again if I lost it and would recommend it to a friend.
Works great, I was fortunate enough to review this product when a friend introduced it to me. Upon listening to his music from his phone through the Gogroove I was very impressed. I heard vey little static, overall was very clear, so I bought me one and it works well. You have to make sure to find a good blank radio station for best results.GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter with Charging, Music Control and Hands-Free Calling for ANDROID, iPhone, Blackberry and Windows Smartphones
does exactly what is says. no problems. wish that ac adapter was wired to the device and not metal flexed.
1 I do like the feature where it can find a good station for you.  But it does find frequencies that are even numbered.  In the US, radios only tune to the odd numbers.2 The signal strength is great.  I've had a Sirius radio with FM rebroadcast and this device gets less interference.3 The frequency response is not great.  It's base heavy and light on the treble.  Perhaps that relates to not hearing much static, but I'd rather get good frequency response.4 I like that it remembers that last station, even after losing power.5 I like that the on-off switch is mechanical.  I can tell if it is on or off before I plug it in.6 The USB port should still charge things when the power switch is off.  Just because I turn off my Bluetooth/FM rebroadcast does not mean that I don't want to charge something.7 The user manual could use a few words and should be large enough to easily read.  I managed fine without it, but some people (like all of our mothers) need better instructions.While some of what I listed is not positive, I do overall like the product and I am pleased.
The best transmitter, ever! Totally hassle-free AND CLEAR SOUND! I've had others and they ALL have poor sound quality. I was very surprised when I heard it the first time. Also, I love that it is easy peasy! Love this birthday gift from the hubs :) &#128536;&#128077;
I bought this to listen to music on my older car with no AUX input. It works great for that purpose. Talking on the phone doesn't work so great. I find myself repeating things and nobody can hear me well... I think this is because the mic is far away from my mouth and my car doesn't block road noise very well.
I bought this unit based on the reviews that were posted about it, and I have to say that I haven't been disappointed. Comes in 3 pieces: the stem unit that goes into the outlet on the car, the transmitting unit that attaches to the stem, and then a (short!) charging cable. Set up was trivial: 2 pieces to snap together, then find a clear station and pair to bluetooth, done! Playback is good, a recommendation from another reviewer is to minimize the use of the FlexSmart volume and use the phone/radio volume to handle changes in volume is spot on. Bluetooth is WAY easier to handle than buying the next adapter for whatever device I buy next.
I was very skeptical about this actually working.  I think I'm a little behind the times on the gadget front so I'm constantly nervous that the big purchases I make aren't going to work out.  But I did my research and listened to the other reviewers on this.  Originally, I was going to buy the stick version of this unit, but after hearing from a few people, I got the flex instead.  They were the same price at the time I bought so that wasn't an issue.  Anyway, I'm shockingly impressed at how easy the setup was.  I have a Samsung Galaxy II and the two of them played nice and may have even shared a special moment.  After that I spent some time choosing the right station that had the least static.  I have one now that is pretty good.  The quality is better with MP3s than internet radio, but it's good enough.  Also, I was worried about the bluetooth, but the quality from that is good enough that on a daily basis, cording it up is not necessary.  I can't speak for the sturdiness of the unit yet as I haven't had it long enough.  I may update this later after I've spent some time with it.
i've had this for over 18 months now and it's working perfectly, never had any issues with it. only gotcha is a sensitive power switch that can engage/disengage with a gentle swipe. audio quality is pretty good, i mean it's obviously got a "modulated" feel to it, but there's otherwise no discernible degradation. interference isn't such a problem dealing with, as i usually just notch the unit and stereo to the next channel. the lighter adapter housing has fit great in my vw, but i've since added an additional lighter adapter for extra usb ports, and there is now a little wobble, though the power stays on fine unless i hit the thing accidentally. the included collection of cables are of average quality, the micro usb cable having just recently given out. overall, i'm very happy with this product, and almost never listen to the radio anymore, in favor of my music collection on the phone or cloud.
I recieved the flexsmart and this thing works great.  No wires to worry about and sound quality was outstanding.  I wish it would automatically connect to my phone when I get in the car though.  Callers say it sounds like they are on speaker phone, which basically they are, but they can hear me just fine.  Great product well worth the money so far. Not sure on durability but it seems to be quality made.
I almost went out and bought a whole new in dash stereo before I found this nifty device.It could look a bit more slick, but it takes care of ALL my in car bluetooth needs.Satisfied customer here.
Works great for music! I use it on the daily and love it. When I make a call or answer a call it only lasts 3 minutes and then I can't hear anything they are saying or the other person can't hear what I'm saying. It doesn't bother me much since I don't like talking on the phone much anyway so it's a non issue for me. Only bothersome thing with the 3+ minute phone calls is having to reconnect the flex smart to get the call going again. Otherwise a great device for the car.
It's almost more than six months since I got this. The audio that comes out of this and then from the radio is of good quality. But if you are very picky on audio quality then this may not be the right product for you. But if you are not very picky then this is a great product to play music from your phone or whatever bluetooth device that you might have. I had no problems with quickly selecting a quiet FM band. This device also can choose a quiet FM band for you but I don't use that feature often as that would mean turning the tuner a lot until that frequency is reached (also my car can tune to only odd number frequencies whereas this device will choose only even numbered ones - not a big deal as you can turn the knob in this device to go to the immediate next odd number frequency). I have used this for long distance travels and had no problems. As you travel the unused FM band that you have chosen earlier could become active but that doesn't cause a noticeable difference in the audit quality.When you use this for phone conversations, it's not that good. The folks at the other end are not able to hear me very well. But for short conversations this works well because I'll either speak louder or repeat whatever I said if the person at the other end is not able to hear me well. There are other bluetooth devices which could be placed over your head (on the visor flap) and I think they may not have this problem as the mic is closer to you.
Bought this for my son for Christmas. He loves it, and uses it to listen to the music stored on his smart phone while he is driving. It is also a safer, distraction free way for him to talk on the phone if someone calls him. It receives audio from the smart phone via bluetooth, and broadcasts it to the car stereo via a built in FM transmitter. We have not figured out if it can be used to listen to an FM broadcast station, and I suspect it can not. That is a drawback, but not a deal killer. Another useful feature is it can be easily taken out of one car and used in another. I think $50 is a bit expensive for this product, but it does work well.
This player is perfect in all it does.  Volume output is great, sound is crystal clear, and it handles calls perfectly.  It doesn't always connect automatically, but I think that is more on my phone than the GG.  I haven't had any issues with turning the power off and losing the station, but the power is constant and I turn the unit off at the stem.My only &#34;critique,&#34; would be a small one.  It would be nice to have the power button moved and an additional charger plug there so that if you only have one charger, you don't lose it plugging this in.With that small thing aside, I highly recommend this unit.
I have owned many &#34;FM&#34; Transmitters for iPod and other products this one seems to be the best that I have used to interference from other stations.
This is the 4th device I've gotten to play music and take calls for my iPhone 3GS through my car stereo. Quite honestly, I should've listened to the other reviews and just bought this one first and saved a lot of time and money. Excellent sound quality. I've had to sync the bluetooth once when I got it and now I just start the car powering up the device and it automatically finds it without a hitch. When I receive a call, I just simply hit the phone button on the end of the device and the music pauses and the call comes through over your car stereo speakers - clear as a bell. The microphone on the device works excellent too. I've spoken to dozens of people on hundreds of calls and all of them say they can hear me just as if I had the phone up to my ear and mouth talking directly into the phone. Giving only four stars because, I will admit, I have not made as many outgoing phone calls with this device, so I can't comment based on the little experience I've had making outgoing calls. If that works as well as the other fuctions, I'd have no problem giving five stars. That aside, I'd say stop looking. This is the bluetooth device you're looking for in your car.
I like the product, it does exactly what I need. But two Cons on it keep me from using it regularly and only use it for long conversations.Pros:-Quick connection-Good quality (The girlfriend says I sound better on it than I do on my phone)-Hands freeCons:-To hear the other person, I have to max out my radio. So when I turn it off after the phone call is over, the radio static will almost blow my ears out. I've messed with the device and can't find a way to get it to push any more volume to the speakers.-If I'm talking on the phone and get to my destination and turn the car off, I would expect it to revert back to my cell phone handset, but it doesn't. I have to turn off bluetooth on my phone to get back to the conversation. I would say this is a phone issue but on my radio bluetooth in my other car, I don't have this issue.All in all it's not worth the hassle for every day driving but good for road trips.
The Bluetooth is great.  I use this with my iPhone and when I need to answer the phone they can't tell that it is hands free.  I bought two of these and will be buying one more for my wife.
This is the second time that I purchased this product.  I liked it the first time, but it did come apart after a few times of plugging it in and out.  Now, I leave it in and so far it has been working great.  The music/radio sounds great from the iphone.  I live near a city and have no problem getting a strong signal with no interference.
I purchased this GoGroove FM Transmitter this month for my wife's car (Saturn Vue) with little doubt that it would satisfy my critical ear. After hearing hers play in her car I ordered one for myself. My vehicle is a Lexus ES 300 with the upgraded "Mark Levinson" premium sound system. I'm pretty picky about having good sound quality. Using the GoGroove for the first time today I noticed perhaps a bit more mid-range and a slightly weaker presence in the highs and lows, but was able to make minor adjustments with the treble and bass controls on my car radio to fairly well compensate. The music I was playing was coming from my "Droid Incredible" smart-phone utilizing the free Pandora Radio automated music recommendation service. While the sound quality was surprisingly good, perhaps even better quality would have been enjoyed had I been playing downloaded iTunes from my wife's iphone. I'll have to do a comparison when time permits. Overall, I'm very pleased. I drive 35 miles to work in the Phila / Trenton area and had almost no reception problems. The hands free phone feature is a big plus too. Like the way it brings you right back to the song when the call is terminated.
So far I find that I get a bit of static unless I am actually streaming while connected or on a call.  Otherwise it works really well and is clear when in use.It would be nice if it could access SIRI or make a call without having to access the phone.  It is easy for answering calls, ending them and streaming music.It also comes with the charging cord for micro USB phones and has a USB port that will accept all phone types with your current charging cords.  I am using my iPhone with it.
Does exactly as described. Easy to find a station to use for FM transmitter, and blue tooth connects quickly when I get into my car - I never even have to take my phone out of my pocket.I had tried two other kinds from stores (and returned both) before checking out amazon and reading reviews of other products and deciding on the GOgroove FlexSMART x2 - should have came here first! Great product.
Perfect add-on for a car that pre-dates the iPod era. I use it in my BMW E46 and the audio comes out great &#8211;better than my prior FM transmitter. Easy to use with Siri. Audio matching isn't perfect, so it doesn't get 5 stars, but this is easily the best product in this category I've ever had.
After a recent car upgrade, I found myself struggling to deal with the loss of my trusty ol' cassette audio adapter, a long-time veteran that happily played anything its 3.5mm headphone jack could plug into. The new car has an AM/FM stereo, CD player, and little else, having been built before the proliferation of USB ports, aux ports, and bluetooth in cars. I've always been wary of FM transmitters after seeing friends time and again struggle to deal with the shoddy reception and terrible audio.With some reluctance, I opted for this transmitter, steeling myself for the eventual conclusion that I pissed away $45 on a gamble. It's nice to know that my fears were unfounded, though not all at once. Almost immediately after receiving the package, I installed the transmitter, read through the (brief) instructions, and let the scanner find a station. Initial results were pretty poor; the first station it selected was full of interference, and for whatever reason my phone (a GSM Galaxy Nexus running Android 4.2) didn't like playing audio over bluetooth, so I resigned myself to the 3.5mm adapter and a fairly abysmal audio experience. I was later frustrated when even after holding down the knob, the transmitter didn't seem to want to select a new station - what gives?The next morning, I gave it another shot. I let it find a new station, attempted to re-connect the bluetooth, and lo and behold, the transmitter suddenly decided to live up to the expectations so many other reviewers had created. The audio was crisp, with a good range and a decent low end, and best of all, zero noise or interference. The bluetooth controls worked great - play, pause, changing tracks, and the volume knob all perform perfectly (thus far, I've been using Google Play Music and Soundcloud as my music players). The flexible neck is nice and sturdy, and holds its position very well. The light of the buttons makes the unit a nice little futuristic addition to the center console at night, though it's bright enough to be mildly distracting. The transmitter unit itself feels like it's made out of cheap plastic, but has just enough heft to feel legitimate.Four stars for initial frustration and some concern about the cheapness of the assembly, but overall it's an excellent product, and helps alleviate some of the nostalgia for the good ol' cassette adapter.
GOgroove works as promised. GOgroove sets up easily hooking up your phone's bluetooth to operate through the radio. One thing I did not consider was this. You cannot listen to the radio while using GOgroove. I have learned to listen to a radio station that I would like to and then switch it back to the one tuned to GOgroove when I receive a call.
I have purchased 2 of these bluetooth transmiiters for my childrens cars. They now are able through voice command on their phones to control not only their phones but their music player, text messages, email and internet radio all through the bluetooth connection This means no hands on distractions . I have virtually been able to give them a "sync" system in their cars and made their driving safer.
My tape deck broke for some reason and it was the worst day of my life.  Okay, not the worst but I was pretty bummed since I'm an avid music listener in the car.  I finally got an FM transmitter since I knew that would be my only option.The good:-  LOVE the bluetooth and that it connects my phone to my car.  For music it's perfect.  As long as you're not an audiophile the sound is fine.- I also like that this doubles as an aux for those of us that don't have that feature.  It's also good for other people in my car so they can play music on it.The bad:- To use as a bluetooth and talking on the phone it doesn't have the best sound quality. I can barely understand people sometimes and I know they can't hear me that well.  I would love for this to be better but for the price of this, I really can't complain that much.
I have owned several FM transmitters through the years, with less than stellar results; the problem always being reception.  Since my listening habits have switched from CD to iPhone through the years, I've been researching options to enable me to listen to my iPhone musical library (and Pandora) in the car (my vehicle does not have external inputs).  I stumbled on to this one and decided to give it a try, as the Bluetooth aspect intrigued me.Like usual, Amazon was great:  free shipping and it showed up right away.It has lived up to it's description in pretty much every way, so I'll skip a re-explanation of features.But... finding a clear 'free' channel is the key.  I spent quite a bit of time experimenting with the frequencies:  search, listen, if no good, search again, and so on.  I found that it would routinely find what it thought were 'free' FM stations, but the sound would be sub-par, either not enough volume or full of static.  I eventually found one that works well in my locale (Atlanta, GA).  As such, I am pleased with it.  I haven't been on a trip with it yet - my guess is that it will require lots of station recalibration...My primary goal was music (solved), but the hands-free phone part works well too.If you're into charging...  take note that it does not come with an iPhone cable, have to provide your own.I would recommend it to others, but be prepared to spend some time finding good 'free' stations.
I purchased two of these units, one for each of my children.  I have a radio with blue tooth audio built in and I love it.  So I thought this would be a great thing for them also since the radio's in their cars are not blue tooth.  There is a little loss of bass but all in all these units are very nice.  Sound quality on the phone is excellent and the controls are really good.  I would really recommend this unit.
The sound quality is OK, but what do you expect when broadcasting your music to the FM radio? It flops around because it twists in the power source and dropped signal a couple times. However, I can now listen to music from my phone in my car and have a hands-free device combined for answering calls!! Totally worth every penny.
I was not really sure if I'd end up with a piece of junk, but to my surprise this thing actually works.The radio transmitter has problems trying to find a free radio frequency in my area, good thing I can play the music from my iphone.
I needed a streamer.  It works.  Period.The hands free phone option was a bonus to me.I bought this for my 2 teenage daughters to have music.  They love it. My wife loves it and likes the phone option too.I ended up buying another one for my own car a few weeks later.Regarding the channel select, if the choice was bad, press again for another search.  If you have the knowledge of where empty frequencies exist, manually tune to the dead spot and CRANK up the tunes.All four of phones are tuned in for quick connect.  15 seconds after the car starts, I have my own personal DJ feeding us music.This is a very good product.  Enjoy!
It's a bluetooth FM transmitter that gets the job done for what I need it do do I use it to play my music from my iPhone. It also come with cords to charge my phone.
Clearity is great I can here the Bass from my device. Finaly. Easy too Use.But was disappointed that the screw came off, when I had pulled it out.
I was looking for an RF transmitter and this unit came up and I figured I'd give it a try. It connects to your phone via bluetooth, and then to your car's audio system via RF (your radio).PROs:- The sound quality is excellent for an RF Transmitter, far superior to other RF transmitters I've owned. There is never any static unless you're in a busy area, in which case you have to find a new station.- Easy to pair- 3 Year warranty- Easy-to-read LED display shows which station to tune your car to- Buttons for next/previous/pause/end call (though I find myself not using them much)- Has a USB port and short included USB cable to charge your device- Has optional 3.5mm (1/8&#34; cord) for hooking up non-bluetooth devices (Never used this)- Outputs the sound from any app through your cars speakers (google maps, pandora, spotify, etc...)All said, the product's engineers thought a lot about the design of this product and it shows.CONs:- You can hold the station tuner to automatically find the &#34;best&#34; station, but it works on increments of 0.1 (e.g. 101.1 FM, 101.2 FM, 101.3 FM, etc...). My Honda Accord operates on increments of 0.2 (e.g. 101.1 FM, 101.3 FM, 101.5 FM, etc...). When I auto-tune to the best station, the GOgroove will often stop on stations that my car cannot access (e.g. 101.2 FM). This results in me having to auto-tune a few times to find a station that my car can access.- My phone sounds pretty &#34;echoy&#34; to callers on the other end when I'm making phone calls. I often end up just using my phone's speakerphone, because its better quality. But I bought the GOgroove so I could listen to music, so its not really a big deal to me.All in all, I'm happy with this device as it does what I needed to do, and it works much better than other RF transmitters I've owned.
So I've had this for about a week or so now and so far am happy with its performance.  I connect it via bluetooth and the sound comes out clear and consistent.  My previous transmitter would go in and out depending on where I was in town and so far I haven't had any issues on the channel I've been using.  I really like that I can connect it via bluetooth, which connects automatically after it's been paired initially.  Don't have to use cables that will get tangled up, or in the way, etc.  I don't really use the buttons on the actual device for playing music since I just control it from my phone so that part seems pretty useless to me.My only "issues" (most of which really bother me but might be worth noting for some people) are:1 - the neck is awkward.  it juts out weirdly from one side of the base, rather than going straight up from the top of it. Also, I'm not sure why the main body of the device needs to perch atop this long neck (and it has to attach at a particular angle) so the whole thing seems a bit precarious.  I've managed to bend and twist it so that it's not really in the way, but it's still not ideal.  Another note on that is that if you're twisting the main head part around, it might make the sound go out for a second (cause you might actually disconnect it from the neck slightly) but it's not that bit a deal, and don't come unattached completely unless you're really messing with it.2 - sound quality of phone calls.  It's as expected to me, but figured it'd be worth noting for consideration.  Basically it kinda sounds like a speaker phone.  I could hear the person loud and clear over the speakers in my car, but it definitely sounded a bit different and not as clear/"real" as talking directly into the phone.  Likewise, the person on the other end said they could tell I was driving/not talking into the phone normally.  Again, it doesn't really bother me because it's what I'd expect and not what I got the device for.3 - loud beep when it connects. If I didn't turn off my radio when I got out of the car, when I start my car and the device connects with my phone, it tends to beep really loudly.  That's also because I try not to turn up the volume on my phone in order to conserve battery and instead turn up the radio.  So of course, it comes out really loud.Again, overall, I'm happy with it's performance.  The only thing I'd really change is the set up of the long neck/main body of the device.
We use this in my wifes Trailblazer and I'm honestly surprised at how well it works. I bought a more expensive unit for my truck a couple of years ago and i can't even play music through it like this model allows. For the price you really can't go wrong with this. Her phone is an iPhone 4S and I have paired it with my iPhone 5 as well without any issues.
I heard about this through a friend of work who swore by it.  I had tried other FM transmitters and none of them was remotely useable in the LA area.  This one works pretty well (there is some static, but not to the point of distraction) and it links to my iphone via bluetooth quite solidly.  For those of you who have aux inputs to your car steroe you can forgoe the FM conversion and associated noise.  This does a reasonable job for a fraction of the cost of replacing the existing car stereo.
I use it mostly for transmitting internet radio from my phone in the car.  It works well, and the FM signal is good, very little interference.  One thing I don't like is after I adjust the volume on the transmitter, but it always goes back to the default level the next the I start the car.The manual doesn't mention it but you can change the FM station just by rotating the knob.
Bluetooth connection was easy, sound is good for the podcasts I listen to. I haven't tried music. It's nice to be able to easily pause with GOgroove. Search for open fm channel works great. My iphone automatically connects when I start my car. It's nice to have a USB port to keep my phone charged. I haven't tried a phone call yet.
To be honest, its quite nice to have for pandora, nice to have for road trips and long drives, as long as you have 3G or 4G network you can listen to anything.More pros then cons I think.
I bought 2 for the holidays. My wife has a 2002 Sable & my daughter has a 2004 Rio. THis gadget brings the two vehicles closer to the latest tech in car audio. My biggest contention is that it is sometimes difficult to find a clear station. All and all the product is beyond the audio tech of the vehicles day. Through your phone, Ipad, Ipod, or MP3 player there's access to loaded music, *pandora, *navigation, *youtube, and much more. Starred items require eqpt w/ wireless access.
It works excellent as a FM transmitter. Music is clear, very low noise with my old car radio. It have tried it with two phones (iOS and Android) and an iPod. I give it only 4 stars since as a hands-free unit it is cumbersome to use (but it works fine). Otherwise a great buy, highly recommended.
I finally found the key to this working good.  You can't max the volume on this out or you will get a lot of static.  If you keep it down to 25 or 20 and use the volume in your car and on your phone or ipod, it sounds great.  Really handy when you don't have any available aux in your vehicle.
The FlexSMART arrived quickly and well-packaged. Setup was so intuitive that I never even looked at the instructions. I was quickly able to connect my bluetooth-enabled phone to the FlexSMART in my car and broadcast music and audiobooks on any FM frequency my radio can detect. I can easily change the FM frequency on which the FlexSMART broadcasts even while driving because I can tell how many MHz I have scrolled through by the feel of the clicks as I turn the dial -- no looking required.While I love using the FlexSMART for listening to music and audiobooks, the volume setting that I tend to keep my radio at for audiobooks becomes nearly deafening when the FlexSMART emits indicator tones (such as when it establishes a bluetooth connection after powering on). The same is true when my phone rings or indicates I have received a message. Other bluetooth receivers I use have incorporated ways to indicate I am receiving a phone call or message without startling me with cacophonous tones; I would like to see the FlexSMART do the same in future iterations of the product.The FlexSMART provides only a low-quality hands-free phone call experience. I typically use bluetooth devices during phone calls while driving, but using the FlexSMART consistently elicits complaints from the people I am talking with, so I no longer use it for that purpose.Since my primary purpose in buying this device was to listen to music and audiobooks from my phone, I have been very happy with this product.
It was just what I was looking for! A great product to use to channel in your own music, plus the hands free on incoming cell calls.
Look at the ratio of 5 star reviews to 1 star reviews -- you will not find a better "Bluetooth through FM" adapter.  As for the one-star reviews: It is not perfect, but what is?  I agree that sometimes a rough bump in the road will de-power the unit, but I believe that is my power plug's problem -- it happens with other items too. Yes calls and music are somewhat quieter than notifications.  And, no, it does not initiate a call with voice recognition like my luxury sedan does.  If I expected all of these problems to be solved, I would expect to pay about $2,000 for the installation of a nice new head unit that did all of these things.  But this does exactly what it says it does and does it well.
Awesome product! works great and sounds even better. No static or fuzzy reception. love how the wire bends so I fit mold it into tight spots. It automatically connects to your phone when you turn it on which is handy but sometimes can be annoying when you don't want to have it on speaker.
The only thing I would suggest for people is to make sure they don't need to get the transmitter out of their adapter, it's pretty permanent once I put it in my Lincoln ls. Other than that its absolutly wonderful!!! Able to play multiple devices and no need to plug my iPhone 4S into it because it plays using Bluetooth!!!! Love it!
I am very pleased with this transmitter. I don't own a smartphone, so I can't comment on any of the bells and whistles. I use this only with my iPod nano. I love how you can manually scan through different frequencies in order to find a blank one. It doesn't work really well in the city when the majority of available frequencies are being utilized by many different radio stations. But, I guess that is to be expected with any transmitter, regardless of the make and model.It hooks up to my iPod through an audio cable instead of a USB cable. But, it has a USB port so I can charge my iPod while I'm listening to it. I kinda wish it had more USB ports. So I could charge my phone at the same time.
Very pleased with this item so far!  Its compatibility is extensive, you can connect your device via Bluetooth or any of the several adapters that come with the unit. I have not fully tested it out, but, depending on your media device, you can control tracks, volume, etc straight from the FlexSmart x2 without having to get into your media player whenever you want to listen to something different.  Good quality construction, basically no setup or installation, and very clear directions.  Great package especially considering the price!
I've been pretty happy with the GOgroove FlexSMART and have used it in three different vehicles. The FM modulator works well in two of the three but I get a little static through the other vehicle. Guessing that's more due to the vehicle not the GOgroove. I synced it easly with my DROID Bionic and listen to music from my library, Pandora and my SiriusXM app and they all sound fine. The hands free phone is another issue and is what prevents me from giving 5 stars. It's really not very good, from what I've seen. I would recommend this to anyone.
This really cool device goes in your cigarette lighter socket, receives a music/voice signal from your phone, and transmits the signal to your car stereo via FM.  This makes it possible to listen to music and make voice calls through your car stereo.Pros:- Set up is super easy.  I just turned it on, and enabled Bluetooth on my iPhone.  My iPhone found the GOgroove Flexsmart and established a connection within seconds.  (You can also connect your phone physically via an included USB cable.)- What I like best is that my car has a DC outlet in the armrest, so I just leave the GOgroove hidden there.  When I start my car, the (now invisible) GOgroove turns on, and my iPhone finds it within about 4 seconds.  Once that happens, any sound coming out of my iPhone plays through the car stereo.  (iPhone allows you to choose the sound output, so you can easily disconnect/reconnect to the GOgroove with a tap.)- Sound quality is very good.  If there is a clear station, I can't hear the difference between this setup and a CD.  The GOgroove is good at finding an empty frequency and then you just tune in to that frequency on your stereo.Cons:- The included cables are basically worthless.  The cable that plugs into my iPhone fell apart the first time I removed it (I was removing it just like I would my normal iPhone charger).  In my case, I don't really care about this:  I like the fact that the device is hidden and so don't want to run wires to it anyway.  And it doesn't drain my iPhone battery when listening to music, so I don't really need to plug it in.  Still, the cables are cheaply made.- As others have mentioned, when the GOgroove turns on, it resets its output volume to 20 (ranges from 1 to 30).  It would be much nicer if it just remembered my last volume setting.- When the GOgroove searches for a clear frequency, it gives both even and odd numbers (e.g., 102.1 or 102.2).  But my car stereo only has odd numbers (e.g., 102.1) so whenever the GOgroove finds an even one, I have to re-search.  Minor complaint.Overall:I recommend it!  I drove for 3 hours with it last weekend, listening to podcasts and music the whole way.  The sound quality was very good (except for the occasional need to change frequencies when entering/leaving a new city), and when I arrived at my destination my iPhone battery was still up around 90%.  I haven't tried voice calls yet, and I know that will run my battery down faster.  So if you need to charge while you drive, don't get your hopes up with the quality of the included charging cables.  I'm going to just buy a separate cable for that.
I have two of the X2 and a X3.  The X2 has a wider range of volume control over the X3.  What bugs me about the X2 is that it resets to volume setting #20 every time you turn it back on.  I like to set it to #28 and I have to make the adjustment every time I turn it on; it is very annoying.  The X2's transmitter is not as strong as the X3.  However, overall, I like this model and it's versatility of bluetooth or jack-line connectivity for the older music players.  It also has a USB port although it only charges up to 800mA.
Overall, I am very pleased with this product. I utilized the 3.5mm line-out port to send sound directly to my head-unit, and the audio quality when streaming music from my phone (Android HTC Evo 3D) is very good. Audio quality on phone calls is good as well, however be sure to have the unit pointed at you to ensure the microphone picks up your voice clearly. One negative is that originally, the unit was very loose when plugged-in to my car's 12-V outlet. When I pulled it out, the rubber material intended to hold it in was torn apart. This is probably my car's fault though, so I can't really blame the product. In order to remedy this, I added some thicker adhesive-backed rubber strips to the part that plugs in to the 12V. Problem solved, although I'll have to do this again if I ever have to remove it.
I don't use this very often, but it is quite handy when driving - you can receive a phone call with just one button press, or setup a phone call easily, or listen to any content playing on your phone through your car's speakers.  The bluetooth transmitter can take several seconds to maybe even a minute to connect to the car sometimes, but once connected, it is quite effective.  It seems to block out background sounds very well during phone calls, and sounds play very clearly through the car's speakers.
It does what it says and says whatnot does. I like that it automatically connects when I turn on the car, and you can use Siri if you hold down the call button.My only gripe is the somewhat weak signal strength (it struggles to get a stereo signal sometimes on an empty channel) and that ANNOYING confirmation beep it does every time the phone connects. Seriously, it's scared the crap out of me a few times.Overall, I'm happy with it and I'm glad I bought it.
We gave this as a gift to our son-in-law and he loved it. Works great for hands free phone use.
If you are looking for an FM transmitter that sounds clear and lets you listen to your mp3 players and Bluetooth devices, buy this product! I have tried many FM transmitters in the past, and I came to expect static and poor sound quality. But this one, whether I used my Bluetooth enabled HTC One or used the auxiliary input and my old iPod classic, the sound was excellent. I only had to readjust the tuning a couple of times as we traveled (from Chicago to Little Rock). It is difficult to find clear stations near big cities like Chicago, so you won't get crystal clear sound while driving in bigger cities. But for road trips, I highly recommend this accessory in your car to take over all that fuzzy static. (if you want to check your car radio to see if you have any clear stations during your regular routes, those are the stations you'll want to use this for--the auto tune should pick up on it.)Side note: my car has a bluetooth handsfree calling setup, so I don't use this for calls, just music audio. The only issue I've had so far is that if I use the aux input while the phone is still paired in bt mode, any audio from the GPS takes over the sound, and the music from the aux input stops until you unplug it and replug it. That's the only issue, which I guess means you can't use your phone for GPS while using an mp3 player for audio.
This works great.  The sound quality is great!  I can listen to music from my phone even log in and listen to my class lectures online while stuck in traffic. Call quality is great.  However my only issue is the flexible neck is not long enough.  I get nothing but complaints that people can't hear me.I have an 08 Nissan Sentra, and the plug in is down by the base of the shifter and back under the console a little.  So the controller with  microphones is all the way down at seat level, that is a  good 2 ft down and away from my face.  That is my only complaint about the product.
Pros: Fast setup, easy to change frequency, phone pickup easy, microphone of the device works nicelyCons: Bluetooth of my mobile phone needs to be activated before I turn on the FlexSmart. The call bottom on the FlexSmart starts a T-mobile app to call out instead of starting the phone and call the last phone number dialed.Would I by it again? Yes.
There is some interference with the FM transmitter at times - but a change of the station usually clears it up.  The speaker for hands free cell phone use leaves something to be desired in my vehicle.  The location of my cigarette lighter could have something to do with it - it is too far away to get a clear call.  I will be checking to see if there is an external mic that can be used with it.  there appears to be a hookup for it.
Works seamlessly with my iPhone 5.  Very easy to set up and the bluetooth works great for phone calls.  My car is not particularly quiet while I'm driving but I have never had problems with people not being able to hear me while using the bluetooth function.  Definitely better than previous FM transmitters (iTrip, etc.) that I have tried in the past.
If your only streaming music this is a great device. If you plan to use it for the Bluetooth phone this isn't the greatest for that as other have said.
When gogroove connects to a Bluetooth device, there is an audible sync tone, which is way too loud. It's loud because you have to turn up your stereo speaker volume way up to hear music! Also, sometimes the gogroove takes a while to connect with my iPhone 4 and when charging my phone using go groove USB port there is a bothersome buzzing or whizzing sound. When I charged using an iPhone 5 no audible issues.
This is probably the best FM transmitter I have used. The music quality is pretty good over Bluetooth. But it could be better. If you have songs that have bass you won't hear much of it when connected through Bluetooth. I'm assuming its because it's wirelessly connected to the FlexSmart then transmitting to the radio and it loses quality as the signal goes to the radio. But when connected through the aux cable the music quality is much better. You can hear the bass pretty goog. But going through that way you can't use the music control or call buttons on the device. You would have to change the song using your phone if you go that route. Overall I'm happy with it.
I had searched all over for a good way to listen to my IPOD/IPHONE is the car.  The fm transmitters that I used previously gave off a lot of static and my phone/ipod was always attached to a cord.  I read a ton of reviews and decided to go with the GOgroove flexsmart X2.  So far I am not disappointed.  The set up was incredibly easy as was pairing it with my phone.  So far the sound has been nearly CD quality.  I tried a few phone calls and it sounded ok to me and the person on the other end said I sounded ok.  I can also listen to music without having to jack the volume all the way up.  I only gave it 4 stars so far because I haven't traveled very far with it so I dont know if I might have to change channels often or not.  I would highly reccommend this product to others!  It also feels very sturdy.
This product is easy to set up, and I am glad that it auto-connects to my phone. The reason why I am removing a star is because I am receiving a lot of fuzz when I listen to music. I have tried different stations and it is still the same. It is not consistent fuzz, but happens enough to get annoyed. I am not using the mp3 chord obviously as my car doesnt have that adapter. I just connect my phone via bluetooth and use the fm transmitter. Calls are pretty clear, but others say they have a hard time hearing me (and the adapter isnt that far away at all). Overall though, I still feel this is a good product and much better than previous fm transmitters I have used. Would recommend to a friend still.
This is a very good product that I've had for four months now.  The factory USB cable is cheap and was discarded after just a few uses, but if you have an old USB that fits your phone, just place it in the port and it'll work fine.  When traveling, you may have to change channels by scanning for an open frequency, because you'll get feedback, at times.  On daily commutes within the same metro area, there should be little difficulty.  Also, sometimes, it doesn't like cold mornings, which can require several re-boots and some time to get the device up and running.  It's a very functional device for the price... so far.
I've used this device now for about 4 months and I must say I couldn't be happier with it. The connection process is simple, the broadcast strength is far stronger than any previous device I've used. The reported audio feedback from the alternator usually only shows up when I have the charger cable plugged in, but when I replaced the cable with a shielded usb cable it went away entirely. The only Issue I've seen is that the connector that links the unit to the power base can be a little touchy and if you move the unit around too much it can lose power and restart the device.Overall though an excellent product.
Th GOgrove was very easy to set up and use and the sound is clear. I mainly use it with my iPod and love it!
I've had this device for a few weeks now and I am very satisfied.  The clarity is good for both phone calls and music with my iPhone.  It's nice not to have to wear my earbuds in the car now.
So far, this works pretty well. If you find the correct channel it transmits without static. I like that I can listen to phone, driving directions and TuneIn radio over the car speakers (all at the same time). The only negative is that I question how well others can hear me when I'm on the phone. It would be nice to have the option of the phone and media connected and still be able to listen to my car's stereo system instead of having to use phone app if I want to hear music. I have noticed talking on the phone and listening to driving directions sounds better when I have the radio settings on talk instead of the music settings. I have onstar and I would have to say it sounds almost as good.Overall, I am satisfied with product. I leave it plugged in and just turn it off when it's not in use.
This is my first review...I was skeptical about this device but I'm pretty impressed. I'm using it with an iPhone 4 and it works well. It took me longer to figure out how to manually tune my radio than it did to set this unit up. Sound quality is good both with the music and the cell phone. And, I don't have to use a Bluetooth earpiece anymore.
For the price, it is a bargain. Tried a few wireless fm adapters for my iphone. Most lost signal while crossing the alleghenies. Not this one. Other than a slight humming noise that eventiually fades, this product works as advertised.
I received the GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter quickly and it works wonderful with my new iPhone.
I have used and abused 5 different FM transmitters over the years but this was the first that utilized bluetooth. I have to say that I was skeptical with the twice transmitted signal (phone-bluetooth-fm) as I thought sound quality would suffer. I'm not an audiophile so my ear isn't that tuned in to the nuances. That being said, this transmitter is amazing. The transmission is so strong it can broadcast OVER some high powered stations in my city without static. It also is high quality and pretty much an "all-in-one" solution for your vehicle. The unit allow you to manipulate your "now playing", call up Vlingo (or Siri or Google Search, whichever is your poison) and make calls without taking your eyes off the road.A concern I had after I purchased was reverberation from my speakers into the unit during calls, which would lead to the caller's voice being played back to them while on the phone with me. I have tested this out with about 10 calls and none reported any reverb.Overall, exactly what I was looking for. Looks sharp and does exactly what most of us are looking for. Only two complaints: the price seems a little steep and the USB micro cable was defective.
Music sound quality is pretty good.  The radio frequency transmitter seems to be pretty strong, and I haven't noticed any interference, even when using a station that has a faint transmission from a radio station.  The transmission is generally better than the Griffin transmitter I used to use for my iPod.They should find a new supplier for the USB cable to charge the Droid.  The only cable that seems to charge through the GoGroove is my long Motorola OEM cable, so I end up with 2 feet of extra cable hanging around my gear shift and parking brake, which is annoying.There is also an annoying whistling noise when I play podcasts from my Droid if the Droid is also plugged in through the USB port to charge.  The noise seems to get higher in pitch the faster I drive, and lowers in pitch as I slow down.  Because of this problem, I returned one device to the retailer and ordered a replacement, thinking perhaps the device was defective.  The second one did the same thing, but luckily not as loud.  I'm not sure why it does this, and maybe it's just with my car (a Mazda MX-5).  Sometimes the noise will suddenly disappear after I've been driving for 30 minutes or so, but not always.  Perhaps it stops once the battery is fully charged.The MOST annoying thing is that sometimes the Bluetooth connection for media fails to connect (although the phone connection is fine).  If I turn off Bluetooth and then turn it back on and then turn off the GoGroove and then turn it back on, it usually connects, but it's an annoying extra step.  Because of this problem and because for some reason when using the cable supplied with the GoGroove, my phone would not charge, I returned the SECOND GoGroove to try a third one.  The third one does the same thing.Accessory Genie customer service has been VERY responsive and helpful in dealing with the problems I had with the device, but for the price they charge, the charging cable and bluetooth connection should work.Basically, I'm not going to send it back because it's not worth the trouble and I like the signal strength, but if a better product comes out (maybe Motorola or Griffin will come up with something comparable), I will probably switch.Update 6/2012: I had a baby about 15 months ago, so I switched from the MX-5 (2 seater) to a mommy-mobile (Honda Pilot). I no longer get the whining interference (well, not from the GoGrove, at least, but the toddler in the carseat is a different story... LOL!) I also have an extra charging outlet, so I no longer have to plug my Droid into the GOgroove to charge it.Occasionally, my phone still fails to connect through bluetooth, but I'm sure it's the phone, not the device, I just have to go into settings and tell the phone to connect.  Overall, I'm really happy with it.
I have to give this 4 stars.  It worked great when traveling and renting cars.  But i live in NYC and I can't find a decent available frequency for my life.  Some are decent but i always hear static.I'm going to keep this for travel, but I ended up buying a bluetooth car stereo because this just didn't cut the mustard in NYC.
I like it a lot. Only things that are a little annoying is: when calling i have to turn my car stereo volume up because it's really quiet, and i haven't found that it will change my pandora one music which i read in a review that it did. Maybe it only works on the iphone (i don't now for sure). Besides that it's great. It finds the best channel for the area i am in and i can change if i wanted. It does reconnect to it automatically if you leave the device on and don't Bluetooth connect to anything else in the time period of not being in your car. If you do it's a simple reconnect button on my phone that links it really quick again.
I think that this device works really well for the money.  I was able to connect my smartphone to it with no difficulty, but found that bass quality is poor when connected via blu tooth (for all devices not just this one) so I usually just connect it directly to my phone using the headphone jack on my smartphone and the input jack on the device.My biggest problem was finding a good fm station to use.  You want to find 3 consecutive frequencies that have white noise.  Then go with the one in the middle.The price is excellent.
Great product, easy to use, works very well in most areas. The sounds quality isn't AMAZING, but honestly better than expected with very low static.
The FM transmit levels are very quiet.  You have to crank your stereo way up to hear your music.  Just be careful to not change the channels with out turning down the volume and you should be good.
I bought this product in order to listen to music in my car. It excels in this area. It's fantastic that you can hold down the Go groove button to have it search for the best station to tune it to. This is very convenient on long drives when you're going from station to station.Call quality isn't the greatest. It sounds very hollow to me, maybe it's the way I have the equalizer set up in my car. I also repeatedly have people on the other side of the call tell me that they're having a hard time hearing me, so I end up just putting my phone on speaker and talking to them that way. I'm not sure if this is the fault of the FlexSMART or if my S3 is to blame.Overall, this is an amazing product. I rarely talk to people on the phone while I'm driving, so the quirks with call and mic quality don't really bother me. The perk of being able to listen to my own music with no commercials outweighs the cons for me.
The product works as it is described. I had no problem pairing it with a Nokia cell phone. FM transmision quality is good, and in general the mics for using as hands-free seems to work as intended, taking into account the amount of noise inside the car main cabin.So far the only drawback I found is that the shape of the device with most of its height at the top could make the power connector get loose and turn off unexpectedly, specially if you accidentally touch it when using the gear shifter stick.But my overall is that is a good product and really offers a good experience, and it allowed me to listen to my favorite podcasts in the car's audio system as I always wanted.
Let me state up front- this FM transmitter does not sound as good as using an AUX cable (direct connection) or a tape adapter. But if those options aren't available to you, I highly recommend this item. I purchased a used 2006 Volvo, which was made during that in between period so it doesn't have a tape deck or an Aux input. I've tried other FM transmitters in the past, and they were pretty terrible. This one works much better. There is some occasional hiss, but you really can't hear it when the music is playing. I use this with my Iphone 3GS. It plugs into my lighter socket, connects to my Iphone through bluetooth, and I'm still able to charge my iphone through the usb input on the side of this device. The transmitter will automatically find the best local station for good sound quality. The buttons on the Gogroove will also stop/pause and skip to the next song when I am listening to most music or radio apps on my phone. This item also works great for hand free calling, and I haven't had any problems making and receiving calls while using this.
This is a great product, it came highly recommended from a coworker and it did not disappoint.The FM transmitter is amazing, and much better than I've ever used in my car, I never get signal washout from the station I'm overriding. The sound quality is awesome from my Motorola bionic to this device over Bluetooth and then to FM transmitter.My only minor complaint is sometimes I have to mess with Bluetooth to get it to re-pair to the flexsmart. I don't know if that's my phone or this device as I've not connected it to any other Bluetooth audio devices before.  I've not used the hands free calling feature so I can't honestly say how that works.
This is a great tool for old cars which don't have MP3 players of hooks ups.It would had been great if I could listen to regular radio channels and when a call comes it automatically switched to this device for a call.
Its pretty good.  Its small, so portability is a good thing.  All in all I would recommend it for those who would like to listen to music from the phones or other devices in their car that isn't already Bluetooth friendly.
This thing works great.  No wires and it automatically pairs with my phone when I start the car.  Great audio quality and the controls make it say safer to navigate the music controls.  The hands-free speaker works great for taking phone call over my stereo.  You will be amazed at how much easier it makes using your phone without any wires.  Highly recommended.
I purchased the GoGroove FlexSmart X2 primarily to use with my Android phone (an HTC incredible) for listening to music and podcasts in my car during my daily one-hour (round-trip) commute. Pairing my phone with this device using Bluetooth was a piece of cake, and only needs to be done once. After that, my phone pairs with it automatically whenever it's turned on and within range. The sound quality of the music that gets transmitted to my FM radio is actually quite good, and I had little difficulty finding a spot between stations that was free of interference. This unit appears to be pretty good at transmitting with enough power to be used without interference even in an urban area where the the FM band is pretty congested.I've only fielded a couple of phone calls while using this device, but in both cases I could hear the caller clearly through the FM radio, and the caller reported good sound quality on their end.Although I bought the FlexSmart X2 for use with my Android phone, I'm now using my iPod Nano as the source of music and podcasts (because Android is still lacking a nice solution for syncing with iTunes, and because most Android media players seem a little flakey). The included audio cable connects to my iPod's headphone jack and the audio in jack on the unit. The unit still pairs with my phone and interrupts the music if a call is received, which is nice. One thing worth noting in this case is that the volume button on the FlexSmart X2 does not appear to work when a device is connected via cable like my iPod. It does work with a Bluetooth device, though.The only complaint I have about this unit is that if I connect either my phone or my iPod using the USB cable to charge, I get hum in the audio. It turns out that, for my purposes, I don't really need to charge either of them in the car, so it's no big deal.One thing to remember is that if you decide to listen to another radio station (I have XM in my car and switch over to that sometimes) and your phone is paired with the device, you'll want to turn the device off to avoid missing a phone call (because you won't be listening to the audio being generated by the unit).Overall, this has been a great little device for me, and I use it daily.***Update April 22, 2012: Still going strong after six months. I'm now back to using my Android phone with this unit via bluetooth. I found a great free Android player (Rocket Player by JRT Studio) that I use in conjunction with iSyncr (also JRT Studios--not free but inexpensive) to keep my phone in sync with iTunes. Rocket Player handles podcasts with ease--just what I was looking for.
Pairs easily.  I wish the volume control was a little stronger, but otherwise, less interference than other similar devices I've tried.
Not bad for a wireless transmitter.  Most FM transmitters don't work very well. I did a lot of research before buying this one. It works quite well. The Bluetooth interface is pretty slick too and works well too.My only gripe is that the volume is too low on it.  I have to crank up the volume on my stereo to hear it.  Then, when I switch back to the radio or a phone call, it nearly blows the speakers.  I have my iPhone set to max volume too and it is still too soft.
I bought this so I could listen to my favorite streaming music services such as Pandora, etc.It was very easy to set up, link to Blu tooth and does a good job. It's also got an includedcable for your mp3 player. So I'm happy there.It fell short on telephone use for me on a volume issue. The unit itself has a volume control which I keep turned all the way up.Then you adjust your car's volume control for the final volume you like.In my situation, the car volume had to be cranked way high to make the call hearable.It could be my phone because others seem to like this unit so well.If I HAD to have a Blue Tooth Hands Free for my phone. I would have returned it.
I bought this because of the price and I don't like the idea of a bluetooth device with a speaker hanging onto the sun visor where I'd have to flip it over depending on if the visor was up or down and where it could fall off and cause a distraction/accident. This was extremely easy to use and set up and works through the car speakers instead of having its own speaker like most of the visor mounts do. I would suggest three improvements. Make it so you can pair more than one device and allow for easy switching between devices like the OEM systems. Make the volume control separate and easier to access, Last, if possible, make it so it turns on and off with the car.
I love this and use it everyday.  I'd like for the bluetooth distance to be a little bit stronger.  Thats all though.
This is easy to set up and easy to operate.  I can use my iPhone perfectly from this device - listen to music; make and receive calls.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I get a little static but that probably has more to do with my older model car with its older model sound system than with this device.  I recommend it - easy to install and easy to use.
I've got an older model pick-up that has a radio/cassette player. I had been using one of those cassette adapters to play music from my Smartphone, but the cassette player died so the adapter was useless. This device was the perfect solution.I was a little worried about the sound quality, having read some of the other reviews here. The low-end drop off is noticeable when using the BT alone but it doesn't sound tinny. It just has a little less bass. If you use the input cord connection the sound is fuller. However, I don't have a problem with the sound in general. Using the input cord means one loses the answering function for the phone and you have another cord dangling from your dashboard so, I don't use it. The item does everything else you could want it to do easily and without eccentricities. It pairs easily, as well. I'm pretty happy with it. The sound quality could be improved upon a bit for the BT pickup, but as I said, it's not a serious setback, at least for me.
My daughter loves it and it is easy to set up.  She is not very savvy with electronics and she set it up by herself.  She mostly just streams music but it does well with phone calls also.  The end that goes into the cigarette lighter socket is a little loose in one of the cars so much that the whole body rotates and the body sits awkwardly off to whatever side it happened to fall towards.  It fits perfect in my other car.
It charges your phone, does blue tooth, and can play pandora over the radio. My only complaint. It's only goes from 88.1-107.9 and in major cities pretty much every station is used. Would be better if it has 87.1-107.9. Great product though and I do recommend it.
I have a 2003 Murana with the Bose system.  The only things not available in 2003 on this system were the ability to plug in an outside music source and bluetooth calling.  With the Gogroove FlexSMART X2 I've solved both of those problems.  The volume isn't fantastic for media being played from my phone (Evo 4G) but it's not bad and it's definitely better than nothing.  The lower volume is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  It was very simple to install, connected immediately to my phone and I was in business.  I've been told that the call quality (on the other end which is usually the problem with Bluetooth) is very good (to be bluetooth) and I haven't had any one say that they were having trouble hearing or understanding me.  I'm taking my first trip with the device this week and can't wait to be able to play podcasts and music through my stereo.  I highly recommend if your stereo is lacking in these two departments.
It was really worth the buy! I have no complaints and will be getting two more as gifts for family members.
Works for me, i like how it has a usb port built in for charging devices. The station autofind is not something you wanna rely on. It's better to manually look for the best station for your area. Sounds really good for an FM transmitter.
Pros:- Small, lightweight, and unobtrusive- It connects to my iPhone wirelessly and automatically,- Good FM quality- USB available (but not necessary) so I can charge my phone- The play/pause, forward, and back buttons allow me to control music without ever getting the phone out of my pocket.Cons:- When it connects, it emits through the speakers a beep that's much louder than my average music volume.  Not necessary and it hurts my ears.- The buttons are wedged around the center of the knob that sets the radio frequency.  IMO the buttons should be front and center, as I'm interacting with them all the time, whereas I only interact with the frequency knob once and don't have to change it as long as I'm not on a road trip.Four stars.
My daughter loves this for her car. It doesn't have Bluetooth, so she was excited. She had no problems hooking it up, or using it. The sound quality was great. When she removed it from the cigarette lighter, it fell apart. she was able to snap it back. We'll probably Gorilla glue it to make sure it doesn't happen again.
Item works great use it everyday.Good device use with my I POD touch with the line in option into sending unit and then to radio.
I saw an FM transmitter advertised in the local Fry's ad for around $20 (not this one) and it was something I could really use. I started checking various products and options. The FlexSmart X2 had really great reviews and from a large sample (1000+ reviews). If I was going to buy a product like this, i wanted to make sure that I got a reliable FM transmitter since I live in the SF Bay area where the FM band is pretty crowded and changes depending on which part of the bay are you are in.I was very pleased with the product's ability to find plenty of stations to transmit on. Frankly, I think it can simply overpower many stations. I love the fact that the X2 has the USB ports + cables for in car phone charging. The operation of the device is pretty simple and straight forward. There is an on/off button, which I thought wasn't needed. But it turns out that my car power stays on without the key in, so the power button is useful. The form factor is really good with the flexible neck. The LEDs are hard to read in bright light, but so are the LEDs on my dashboard.There are a couple of things that bother me about the product. Depressing the main dial/knob changes the control to a volume setting of 1 to 30. The manual says to use the volume at 25 or higher, so I don't understand why the have a range of 1 to 30. And everytime I get my phone and the X2 synced up, the volume seems low. So I need to turn the volume control knob up and down a few times and the volume jumps up.The other issue I have with this unit and my android phone is the music control buttons. I don't use the default music player on my Android phone. Sometimes, the controls will operate my player, but other times they start up the default music player and stop my player. Then I have to stop the default player and get my player going again. This might be more of an issue with trying to figure out how to force the droid to always use a specific music player. I tried a couple of things, but couldn't find anything.There are other products that do the same thing as this unit, i don't know how they stack up. I spent the extra money on this because of the amazon ratings. I didn't really need the in-car calling features, although I will likely end up using the unit for calls once and a while.If the price was in the $30 range, I would give this product 5 stars.
It was great to get a Bluetooth  option for my car it allows for hands free calling and using Spotify, and Pandora for music. The added ability to charge as well is a needed bonus. The FM transmitter works as specified and can handle the whole FM range so you should be able to find an open frequency anywhere.
I purchased this item to work with my HTC Android phone and though it took a couple of tries to get the bluetooth pairing to connect initially, it now connects flawlessly without any setup other than just turning it on. I certainly give it very high marks for ease of use. The hands-free calling is also just as easy to use and I absolutely love that feature. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because even though the last-used radio station is stored so that when you turn it off and back on again you don't have to change the station settings, the volume setting resets each time you turn it off.Though that is annoying, I still would recommend this product to anyone.
I've had the product for two weeks now, during which time I drove from Boston to DC and back. Overall, I've gotten very clear service out of it, and it's been super easy to use. As opposed to other cigarette lighter plug-ins I've had, this is light and doesn't exert too much force on the plug, which is great as it won't weaken the fasteners. It's been great for making calls, and the hands-free aspect is effortless. Really really good sound and voice quality from this. As other posters mentioned, the auto-find station selector doesn't always work well, but usually gets it right by the second or third try. Also, when connecting with and aux cable, the sound was scratchier than with bluetooth. The only real trouble with it was driving through Manhattan, where, obviously, there's not a lot of free stations. Overall, I'm really happy with this, and as long as it keeps working will remain so!
It's incredibly difficult to make a bluetooth adaptor like this. Let's just say that EVERYTHING else has just been terrible. This one is actually pretty good. The mic could be a little stronger in picking up the voices but overall, I would easily buy again.
I'm very happy with this product.Very easy to use and works perfectly with my Nokia N8.The only thing that coul be better is the audio, but the mic works perfectly.
Hi Everyone,It's been 3 weeks now that I have owned the "GOgroove FlexSMART X2 ADVANCED Wireless In-Car Bluetooth FM Transmitter ". I have tested this with BMW 2001 325i (original stereo) paired with iPhone 4/iPhone 4s/iPad1/iPad2 ( all tested with AUX and Bluetooth), iPodNano 4th Gen ( using Aux).Pros:1.USB and mini USB power outputs provide very good regulated power supply. This is important because in the past I have seen that on the FM transmitters with  poorly regulated power supply, you can hear additional jitter noise through your speakers whenever the Device is connected to the power supply.2.The Auto tune feature is really a good stand out feature. It does find a quiet station depending on your location and then rest is easy. You can tune to any station you want and thus your options are not limited to the pre-defined hard coded station options which some of the FM transmitters have.3.Bluetooth hands free feature is working well to my expectation , it gives a very clean sound. You may have to talk little loudly than you would normally talk if the microphone is next to you. I guess this depends on the where you place the "GOgroove". In my car the charger point is inside the glove box so the "Go Groove " barley makes it to the height of my stick shift.4.Once the station is tuned it plays the audio seamlessly.Play/pause, next, prev key options on the dial are very handy.5.You just have to Sync it once and it automatically reconnects to the device whenever its within the range.6.Sound quality of the Audio is good. I tried changing the Equalizer settings on the stereo to monitor the Base and treble and it did gave me encouraging results at volume level below 70%.Cons:1.Mini/Micro USB cables,Aux cable which came with the Transmitter are very short.2.Built in Mic works well if you speak little loudly than your normal pitch. This can be improved on the next Gen.3.At more than 70% volume on the CAR stereo a small jitter is noticeable.4.The flexible structure is a good design step but I would like it to be little longer than what it is right now. ( This can be a useful design change as many cars have only one cigarette lighter point and sometimes its deep inside the glove box.)In my opinion it does fulfills all the claims the manufacturer is making about the product.It's a must have BT hands free accessory if you don't have one.
I have a 2006 Accord, sadly one model year or so before Honda started including AUX ports. CDs are too annoying to use in the car and change frequently, and between Spotify and Pandora I have no need to listen to the radio. If you don't have a tape deck, or do but want a more advanced option, I recommend you consider this transmitter.It pairs easily with your phone and works for both music and voice streams, so your apps and navigation will also play through your car's speakers. Sometimes, though, app speech volumes are too low. I am not sure if that is due to this transmitter or more an issue with Windows Phone.The buttons for play/pause and changing tracks are good, but I have never actually used it to receive a call (only to read and dictate text messages), so I can't comment on how well it holds up during conversation. The auto-search frequency feature works about 60% of the time; the other 40% it actually finds a frequency that is in use by a nearby car or source and doesn't actually pick a clear one. One other minor complaint is that (useless for us but good for those is certain markets), the device also navigates by even decimals (i.e. 93.1 and 93.2 are possible), which in the US our car radios cannot use. This just means an extra turn of the nob to correct it to an odd band, but it can add an extra unwanted step when you're driving.Quality is usually very good and comparable to a strong radio source, but sometimes the device seems to get overwhelmed by interference and go for periods of 15-20 minutes where it will refuse to find a static free frequency. Perhaps it is an occasional issue with the transmitter's strength. Despite this, I still definitely recommend it.
I have used the go groove for about a month works very well connected with iphone very easy works and sounds good.  I have had good luck with sound quality if your stereo sounds good with the radio it will sound good with this.  My only complaint is it is pretty bright at night and no way to dim it down I just turn it so it is facing away and it helps other then this minor issue for the price it is a quick way to connect your phone with you radio.  The phone sound quality is good people seem to here me just fine and I have to turn up my volume on radio to here them.
I got this, couldn't figure out how to turn it on.  The main reason is, I was always driving of course when I wanted it.  When I wasn't driving, well, I had places to be!  So I got my nephew to figure out how to make it work.  Now that it works, it's pretty awesome!  Since I have a 13 year old car, I of course don't have an MP3 or cell phone dock.  But now I have a weird piece of technology in my car AND I can play Pandora or my Google Play songs.For 3 months so far, it's been good.
For the money and technology, can't do much better...just don't expect great audio quality...  It is comparable to a tape deck maybe..
Recommend: Yes I would recommend. I may buy another one for another car.Like: It doesn't have an antenna wire to hang around the car. The radio reception is good. The function to search for open frequency works well.Don't like: Nothing really, just limits to the technology to be expected.Updated 09/13: I've had 2 of these for a few months now and they still work fine. My daughter recently bought one as well. I use the one in my car regularly so it gets moved around a lot.
Product is adequate for the amount paid...music is kinda flat- all treb, no bass but it's ok. Callers occasionally have difficulties hearing you but overall I'm satisfied with the product. It does work with my iPhone and you can plug your charger in the side to charge it while playing.
I don't have an Aux input for my car stereo (and the stereo is integrated with Car GPS, etc so I can't just replace the stereo).  So - I needed an FM transmitter to listen to audiobooks on my longish commute.I had used a Sansa MP3 player with a Griffin iTrip Universal for the last couple of years.  Unfortunately the iTrip didn't have enough transmitter power and so I would often have to scan for a "free" channel even over just the 30 miles I commute.  Also, the Sansa MP3 player connection for the headphones wore out in that you had to wiggle the connection just right to get audio thru.I got this transmitter on the recommendation of TheWireCutter website.  It has been great.  I now use my phone with the "Smart Audiobook Player".  This FlexSmart X2 synced right up with my phone.  So, now I have one less wire to contend with because of the use of bluetooth (no more wiggling the cable just so) and even nicer is that the USB charging port on the FlexSmart can charge my phone where the Griffin iTrip didn't have enough "umph" to charge my phone correctly.  (I have a Droid 2)I have used the hands-free calling, but the microphone on this ends up being too far away and the people on the other end have a hard time hearing me sometimes.  What I hear coming thru the phone->Bluetooh->FlexSmart->stereo sounds great - so it would work ok for a conference call where I am mostly just listening in, but it doesn't work so good when I have to talk a bunch.So - 5/5 stars for the FM Transmitter part, and a little less for the hands-free calling part. Since I've never used hands free calling much (I always hate when the other person is on speakerphone) that really doesn't bother me much.
I just installed this - it is extremely easy to install.  The directions to pair your bluetooth device also are easy to install.  The sound through the radio listening to audio books or Pandora or iHeart radio is excellent.This is a great device I would recommend this product to anyone.  It is definitely worth a couple extra dollars.
I studied all products that were similar and this the best for the money.There is not much interference and plays from my I Phone great. Pairs easily and sets up easily. The only problem is making phone calls ,people cannot hear me well. But I work out of a van and the product is plugged in cigarette lighter, so it is far from my mouth. I guess if I was closer it would be fine.But overall I am very pleased.
Most FM transmitters are basically unusable. You have to place them just right and if they move even slightly you get static. This one, not only hits the same price point as the others, but you need not fiddle with it to get it to work. it is powerful enough to take over even LIVE radio stations (though not recommended) and if you find a good station it will be crystal clear without any fiddling around. It's also cool in that it can remain on even when your keys are not in so that the next time you enter your car it will attempt to connect to your phone even before you start the car.For me, the go-groove button that finds the ideal station stopped working pretty quickly (I could still manually adjust though) -- or at least it seemed that way to me, minor complaint though.Also has AUX input and USB charging port. The music buttons also appeared to work sometimes which was impressive.
It's not a complicated device, but it is functional.  It has transformed my morning commute.  I use it primarily to listen to podcasts/audiobooks but use it occasionally for calls as well.  Sometimes the road noise interferes with call quality, but thats probably more my vehicle than the device.  Other than that, it works as advertised without any major flaws.
Works well.  Easy to connect through bluetooth. Power switch to turn it on and off. Has well written instructions,  not that you will need them.
i give this 4 stars,packeged well and nice,fast shipping, i use it all the time for my music, and radio,sound is so clear, the only thing some times it makes wishwishwish sound if i am hitting a bumpy road,using it to talk is good and the ppl on the other call can hear me just fine,it gives you the opetion to use your ipone. flexmart, or speacker(during a call)i recommend this to all, i use this for my iphone 5 .. thank you
My only issue is that I live in Los Angeles and there are a lot of radio stations; therefore I have to change the transmitter station often.I suggest that they design a plug-in jack for this device that will allow a smart phone to bluetooth to it...while the device itself is plugged into a car audio jack.
This is a handi gadget that is easy to use and has worked as advertised. Only complaint is that there's often a volume difference with the car stereo.
Sound quality is a little less than regular FM transmission but didn't expect much for $50. Bluetooth hook up is delayed at times but eventually links, could be phone.  Phone conversations are fair to good quality for the most part but road noise can be heard in background.  Works great with my Droid X2 so overall I'm happy with my purchase. A little ticked the price dropped to $45 the day after I placed my order but I guess "them's the breaks".Just an update since my first review.  Turns out Amazon actually reviews these reviews because they credited my account $5 after I published this review.  Pleasure doing business with you Amazon and Accessory Genie!!!!!!
I had this sync'd with my BB torch, easy to setup and use. Quality of the call on both the receiver and caller end is good.However, 2 minor issues- When I'm sync'd with the GOgroove, ocassionally my BB gets hung and only my touch screen works and I can't use the buttons on my phone. I had to then remove my battery and restart the phone.- Also the sound volume is very low on the default setting, and the unit's max volume of 30 doesn't help much. The volume goes back to the default volume every time you switch off the unit and restart it.Apart from this.. Overall, I would say this is a good buy.
There is a lot to like about this product...- Syncs automatically and consistently with your phone- Can be positioned in various ways- Sturdy design- Fairly unobtrusive- Phone calls are clear and I get no complaints.- Actually charges my phone with my GPS on.  I was surprised by this since USB puts out significantly less amperage than a  regular car charger.  Helpful hint:  Get a vent mount so your battery stays cool.  The windshield mounts will cause your battery to overheat with the screen/GPS on and your phone will stop charging even plugged in to any power source.  Bracketron makes good ones.A couple of minor things that can be improved...- Play/Pause, Next Track buttons are circled around the dial (which you barely need to touch).  They are somewhat awkward but you get used to them.I will put a disclaimer that the FM transmitter just wasn't clear enough for me in the Portland-metro area after two weeks of trying to find a good channel.  I'm actually using the auxiliary cable.  There are probably too many radio stations in the area.  It did work fairly well but the auxiliary connection was far more reliable.However, the benefit of being able to change songs/answer calls and hook up one less wire while my mapping program is running made it completely worth it .Would definitely recommend the product with a disclaimer about less than perfect audio using the FM transmitter.
This is a must have for every car if you are the one who wants to take phone calls and not get distracted while driving.
Fine piece of equipment. seems very sturdy and robust so far (i've only had it for a couple of weeks). I wonder if it will resist the harshest cold weather chicago has to offer...I don't have to scream for people to hear me when i talk, so the microphone is of good quality. also the FM tranmission is one of the best i have experienced in terms of audio quality for calls or playing music (the volume seems to be turned down a bit though) and blocking interferences on the same frequency.I can start and stop playing music remotely with it, but the "previous" and "next" buttons do not work with my iphone 3GS (i think you may need to be in the initial music directory folder for these functions; they fail when in subfolders - i.e. sorted by artist, album, playlist etc).Also, you can do all of that while charging your phone using the USB plug and wire included, so it helps me a lot especially when using the GPS off my phone (for which voice commands are also FM transmitted), which drains power a lot.This is the item i was looking for.
except for minor glitches, especially when hitting bumps on the road, this is a good product.easy to set up, sound quality better than i expected
This has exceeded my expectations...- Fast, easy install- Simple, reliable operation- Connects to my phone (Galaxy Nexus) in seconds and stays connected- Provides excellent sound quality for audio and calls (I'm using the line out)- Just works- Love that it has a power button so that I don't have to disconnect it every time (my car's socket is on even when the car is off)The only thing missing is support for voice commands...but it does everything else really well.
... with only one drawback.I've tried everything else: the FM transmitters I've used have poor sound quality, the cassette deck players wear out fast and start clicking and the wire is a hassle to deal with.The sound quality with this thing is great and the hands-free phone functions are a neat plus. The flexible neck and buttons are fabulous. Using bluetooth to stream music from a smartphone makes this a real joy.It's definitely the best cellphone accessory purchase I've made.However, I think they made a poor choice with the functioning of the dial. Turning it changes the FM frequency. In order to adjust the volume with it you must press the dial knob once, wait a couple seconds until numbers appear in the digital display and then you can adjust the volume. As long as you remember not to touch it while driving you are fine. But if you brush it enough to go off channel then you're listening to loud static. It ends up ruining the "keep your eyes on the road" philosophy and prevents me from giving this great device a 5 star rating.
This product seems to work like it should. The audio quality isn't great, but that was definitely expected. On a long road trip it did fine. I only had to tune the radio twice in the whole 6 hours. The phone part doesn't work as well as I had hoped but that is fine. The person can hear me but I have some trouble hearing them. Other than that I recommend it for the price.
Been using it for sometime now with my HTC Titan II. Must say it was worth the cash.Pros:Good voice quality even in noisy environment like  in traffic and windows downSound output when synced via bluetooth on my phone is greatCame with charging accessories and it just right for my phoneThe instructions too are straight forward to set up.ConsDon't think this is really a con because i should have expected it since the device uses my Car sound systemBeing missing some programs on radio because most of the tymes, am just on the device synced via Bluetooth with my HTC titanSo if you would love to listen to your favorite program and have an in car hands-free device, would recommend you go for devices with their own speakers, but if you don't mind, i think this device is great and worth having
I think for its main purpose, which is music playback and hands-free calls, it is a really good device. Little to no static can be heard. I have an iPhone 4S so the testing was done with this device. Considering that iPhone 4S uses the same bluetooth technology as most other smartphones, your phone or smartphone should do pretty well.The only reason why I did not gave it a 5 star is because voice commands (Siry) doesn't work very well with this device and because you cannot make an automatic configuration to have only music or only calls.
Have been using this device for a couple of weeks now. No issues. Works a advertised. Provides me with a Bluetooth link in a vehicle that wasn't ever equipped as such. Stays secure in the power socket, provides a reliable link for my Droid maxx ultra. Living near a major metro area weather and other affects  sometimes cause a slight degradation in sound reproduction, but, nothing serious.
I have used this product for a couple months now and so far it has done well. The only thing is that I wish it could have an international mode setting to be able to use outside of the designated spectrum. I live near Atlanta and it is a real pain to find a station that will transfer clearly to my sound system. The best stations I have found are around 80-88FM. Your mileage may vary.
I bought this because my daughter had one and it works just fine!  Good quality sound and easy to answer the calls.
Previously I got one of the wireless FM Transmitters and it was terrible!! Then I got a ticket for having headphones on while driving so I was forced to buy one again.... I came across this and I am surprised of how good the quality of this product is.... I definitely recommend this.. However, I have a G35 coup and for those of you who have one, the Cigarette lighter plug under the radio which is setup in a way in which you accidentally turn it off when you want to change gears! so keep that in mind... other than that, it is a great product!
Muy Buen Producto, cumple con todo lo especificado!! Solo deber&iacute;a mejorar la documentaci&oacute;n y el conector a 12v El envi&oacute; se realizo a termino.
I bought this product about three weeks ago.  It works great with my iphone 4.  There are no wires that get in the way, the goose neck is a wonderful design.I used it on a recent trip and recieved some calls.  Most callers said that I sounded like I was talking through a tin can but that they could still hear me and it was not to bad.  Though I dont think this will replace the clarity of a headset it does allow the driver to listen to music and hold short conversations.
My husband and I have both purchased this item, and we are very satisfied so far.  It plugs into the cigarette lighter, and utilizes a FM transmitter to allow you to listen to music or talk on the phone.  The bluetooth connection seems solid so far, and works well with our iPhones.  If you are in a VERY populated area like a major city, you may have issues with finding a blank station to set this to.Pros:For those of us with older cars, this provides bluetooth, hands-free telephone calls and musicProvides clear sound when a station is availableTurns off and on easilyCons:Finding a station can be difficult in highly populated citiesAs soon as you turn it on, it connects to your phone whether you want it to or not.My car only allows me to select radio stations that end in odd numbers.  Most of the stations that this chooses end in even numbers, which I can't use.All in all, a good buy with a few minor frustrations.
Great product almost flawless, the Bluetooth is easy to setup and very responsive, connects perfectly with an iPhone, would have been 5 stars but there is static at times although living in a big city it's not as bad as I thought it would be.  Great buy if your in the market for an fm transmitter.
I was surprised with the quality of this product.  I traveled across country with it and rarely had to adjust the settings or stations.  It's very user friendly and easy to use.
Gift for a friend. I've heard nothing but good things and thank you. Read all of your reviews before purchasing which made me buy this one. Another good choice, thanks guys.
It took me a long time to find an iPod player that actually worked well. And now that I have the iPhone 5 my options were even more limited. It kinds the open stations which makes the clarity great. Would definitely recommend
This thing is great for older vehicles that don't have bluetooth built in.  Set the radio station and pair it up and you are all set, very easy setup.There are just a couple of issues that I saw that if corrected would set this to 5 stars:1)  If you set the &#34;volume&#34; to 30 (max), it clips your music over the radio.  Poor design there!  I find either 26 or 27 works great.2)  Sometimes the device forgets the volume preset.  It resets back to 20, and you have to set it back to 27.3)  The volume is not consistent.  I listen to music and it's a little soft, I would like it louder.  Then I get a phone call, and the volume is fine.  Then the music starts back up, and it's much louder.  Why didn't the music just start at this volume to begin with?With all that said, these are minor issues (annoyances, really) and I use mine every day!  I even take it out and use it in rentals.
The device connects quickly to my HTC Thunderbolt. Music and voice calls are clear.Wishlist:* soft cord option/adapter* FM radio built-in perhaps...
The sound quality is surprisingly great!The only, slight downside is that I do hear a bit of static when my phone is connected to charge from the device.
The device was very easy to setup. I am quite satisfied with my purchase and thinking about buying another one for my other vehicle. Works Great!
Easy to use.  Used it for the first time on a 400-mile road trip. I didn't even have to scan for another radio station throughout the whole trip.
Bought one last week from Amazon marketplace.  Setup was fine, no problems pairing with the radio in my 2001 Chevy Silverado and the Bluetooth in my Motorola Droid.  Sound was excellent, I figured I was golden, until...I turned the engine on.  Wow, lots of electronic "engine" noise.  Did a little diagnosis, turns out the problem was the USB cable from the Flexsmart Transmitter to my Droid.  Removing the USB charging cable from the setup eliminated the noise completely.  Since my truck has three (3) 12v outlets, I use a 2nd outlet to charge my Droid directly.  Problem solved.But, if you only have one 12v outlet, you may have to figure out another solution if you run into electronic "engine" noise like I did.
I've never written a review but I want people to know that this is actually legit.  I've owned alot of these types of things and with varying success.  So far, this is the best.  Now, the caveats. Yes, obviously if you have a direct in AUX to your stereo, that's always the best way to go.  However, I don't and many people don't so this is the best option available in the technology market today.  It's better than radio quality.  It syncs perfectly with my iphone.  You can even use it to skip songs which is pretty great and I've had plenty of hands free conversations with it over my stereo system and it's been damn good.  It's also nice that it's powered by the cigarette lighter and can also power the iPod.  Alot of other ones use the iPod power which significantly lowers the battery life.  Now, I live in Chicago and when I get downtown, there is some radio interference and really rainy days sometime get dicey but overall I give it a 9/10..especially for the price.Pro:  Inexpensive, good quality in almost all areas, no syncing problemsCons:  There's an annoying beep sound it gives off when you turn on your car, anytime it connects.  If your stereo was up high when you last got out...this can scare the crap out of you.  Also, when its powering the ipod thru the USB port, this downgrades the crispness of the audio a bit so do it only when absolutely needed. Not 100% reliable but the most out of any I've ever owned