I LOVE THIS TAPE PLAYER ,IT IS SO SIMLPLE TO USE AND THE SOUND QUALITY IS JUST FANTSTIC!! I RECOMEND THIS PANASONIC TO ANYBODY.THIS ITEM WORKS FOR ABOUT 36 HIURS WITH ONLY ONE AA BATTERY IN TAPE PLAY MODE AND PROBABLY TWICE THAT MUCH ON RADIO MODE...I LOVE IT!!!
It seems to run forever on one AA cell. I've dropped mine on tile floors and pavement many times, causing the doors to fly open and the battery and tape to be ejected and the battery door to detach.When retrieved and reassembled, it just keeps on going.
I have this for one of my 4 scanners and I have been using uniden speakers, but this one is better, although its the new design not as shown here, its a great durable speaker very satisfied but I wanted the black one shown but this is so good im keeping it.
Good strong little cb radio speaker. Alouds me to hear cb while at highway speeds with jeep top and doors off
Place in back shelf or under dash pointing upward at you so you can hear it. Great &#34;bandit&#34; buster who seek to steal your money to fund political &#34;sinecures&#34;.
When I got this speaker, I was amazed by the weight of it, I have used external speakers in the past ( over the road truck driver), they looked and felt cheap, not this one, solid, hope to use it for many years to come.
Put these in our big truck ... Great sound, even over the noise of the diesel!!!  Also have our CB radio run through them for great sound!!
The spesker has great sound and i have to keep the sound down so it does not blow me out of the cab. Great price and arrived right on time thanks to UPS.
Ergonomic shape means no slipping and easy handling with perfect tonal range.  Lip guard assures proper placement and blends in well with burl grain on my Chevy K3500HD LTZ.
My little brother loads his car with speakers and wanted an amp to go with them.  The sky is the limit as far as how much you can spend on an amp, so I was reading ratings everywhere I could to get a decent amp that wouldn't die the first time it was turned up without spending an arm and a leg.  Now that he has used the player for a long time, it not only performs up to his standards, but apparently it also "looks really cool" in the car setup.  He wasn't aware that it was not the most expensive because the power and performance impressed him.  This is definitely a great value.
I'm very impressed with this speaker and couldn't recommend it more highly.  It balances nicely with the rest of the Northridge E series, and outperforms the new center in the Venue series.  I just have no idea why the picture is entirely wrong.  I'll upload one of mine.
After being thoroughly impressed by my JBL Northridge E80 floorstanding speakers, I purchased this as my center-channel speaker (and added a pair of  E10s as rears for surround). Before purchasing I went to a couple of audio stores to check the difference between the EC35 and the much cheaper (and slightly smaller) EC25. The EC35 is significantly better in both voice quality and clarity. The EC25 is a very good center, but until you try it side-by-side with the EC35, you don't know what you are missing.It looks like JBL has discontinued the Northridge line and replaced it with the Venue series. Unfortunately there isn't a 3-way center channel speaker in this new series... just an updated version of the EC25.
Good price, good wire, no corrosion.  Everything you need to wire up your car for an amplifier, right in one box.  Don't let the price fool you, this is a legitimate 8 gauge wire kit.The Boss one is 10 gauge, this one is true eight.Insulation is soft and supple, indicating a good silicone content, RCA cable connections are sturdy, connectors provided work well.
I have this amp to power my simple system, a pair of components up front, a pair of speakers in the back for fill and a single woofer, and it does the job great, nice power, easy install and tune, remote control options and good sizeVery happy with the product, and for the price I paid, can't find a better deal, when you only want one amp for all your system
I have had this Music Keg for over 4 years(in my Van and my Magnum)and never a any errors on it. Transferring music is very easy and quick. Menu navigation is a breeze. I don't even play any cd's in my Kenwood 6019. If you eject errors you don't have it mounted correct.
ILLEGAL CB TRANSCEIVER LISTThe FCC's Office of Engineer and Technology (OET) has evaluated the devices listed below and has concluded that these devices are not only amateur transceivers but can easily be altered for use as Citizens Band (CB) transceivers as well. As such, OET has further concluded that these devices cannot legally be imported or marketed within the United States for the reasons discussed below. Further, the FCC General Council has issued a decision in a specific case involving one manufacturer and has concluded that dual use CB and amateur radios of the kind at issue may not be approved under the Commission's rules and are in violation of several rules including the RF power level limits of 47 CFR 95.639. (letter from Christopher J. Wright, FCC-OGC to John F. Atwood, US Customs Service, dated May 17, 1999).Transceivers used in the Amateur Radio Service below 30 MHz do not require FCC authorization prior to being imported into or marketed within the United States, but transceivers for other services, including the CB Radio Service (CB), do require Commission approval. The transceivers listed herein and other similar models operate in the amateur "10-meter band" and are often referred to as "10-meter" radios or "export" radios. The amateur 10-meter band uses frequencies that are very close to the channels set aside for use in the CB service. Some of the transceivers that manufacturers call "10-meter" radios either operate on CB frequencies as manufactured and imported or are designed such that internal circuits can readily be activated by a user, a service technician or a dealer to operate on CB frequencies. According to Section 95.603(c) of the Commission's rules, a CB transmitter is a transmitter that operates or is intended to operate at a station authorized for the CB service. 47C.F.R.  95.603(c). The Commission's equipment authorization experts in the FCC Laboratory have determined that the transceivers listed herein and other similar models at issue here are intended for use on the CB frequencies as well as those in the amateur service because they have built-in capability to operate on CB frequencies. This capability can be readily activated by moving or removing a jumper plug, cutting or splicing a wire, plugging in a connector, or other simple means. Thus, all the transceivers listed herein and similar models fall within the definition of a CB transmitter. See 47C.F.R.  95.603(c). A CB transmitter must be certificated by the FCC prior to marketing or importation. 47 C.F.R.  95.603(c); 2.803.Moreover, the dual use CB and amateur radios of the kind at issue here may not be certified under the Commission's rules. Section 95.655(a) states: "....([CB] Transmitters with frequency capability for the Amateur Radio Services ... will not be certificated.)" See also Amendment of Part 95, Subpart E, Technical Regulations in the Personal Radio Services Rules, FCC 88-256, 1888 WL 488084 (August 17, 1988). This clarification was added to explicitly foreclose the possibility of certification of dual use CB and amateur radios, see id, and thereby deter use by CB operators of frequencies allocated for amateur radio use.In addition, the Commission's equipment authorization experts have determined that these devices violate or appear to violate a number of the rules governing CB devices. For example, they may use emission types not permitted, or emit RF power at a level in excess of the levels permitted in the CB radio service. See 47 C.F.R.  95.639.In view of the foregoing, the following "10-meter" transceivers are not acceptable for importation or marketing into/within the United States. Importation and marketing of these units is illegal pursuant to Section 302(b) of the Communications Act and Section 2.803 of the rules. Willful violations of the Rules and the Act may subject the violator to a monetary forfeiture of not more than $11,000 for each violation or each day of a continuing violation. The Commission continues to review this type of equipment, and additional makes and models may be added to this list in the future.LIST OF TRANSCEIVERSILLEGAL TO IMPORT OR MARKETNOTE FROM [...]: This list was modified to include additional radios. Radios that were added are displayed with a hotlink to the documentation and/or reason for the additionCOBRA - model: 200 GTL DXCONNEX - models: 3300, 3300 HP, 3300HP-ZX, 3300 PLUS, CX-3800, 4300 HP, 4300 HP 300, 4400, 4400 HP, 4600 Turbo, 4800 DXL, 4800 HPE, Deer Hunter, General Lee, General WashingtonEAGLE - models: 2000 (same radio as the Saturn) and 5000 (same radio as the Saturn Turbo).GALAXY - models: 33HML, 44V, 45MP, 48T, 55, 55V, 66V, 73V, 77, 77HML, 88HL, 93T, 95T, 99V, 2517, 2527, 2547, Melaka, Saturn and Saturn TurboGENERAL - General Jackson, Grant, Stonewall Jackson, Lee, Washington, A.P. Hill, Longstreet, ShermanMAGNUM - models: 257, 357DX, Alpha force, Delta Force, Mini, Omega Force,S3, S3RF, S6, S9,MIRAGE - models: 33HP, 44, 88, 99, 2950, 2950EX, 2970, 6600, 88H/L, 9900,NORTH STAR - models: NS-3000 and NS-9000PRESIDENT - models: Grant, J.F.K., Jackson, Lincoln, HR-2510 and HR-2600PRO STAR - model: 240RANGER / RCI - models: AR-3500, RCI-2900, RCI-2950, RCI-2950-DX, RCI-2970, RCI-2970-DX, RCI-2980-WX, RCI-2985-DX, RCI-2995-DX, RCI-6300, RCI-6300 Turbo, RCI-6300F-25, RCI-6300F-150, RCI-6900, RCI-6900 Turbo, RCI-6900F-25, RCI-6900F-150, RG-99, Voyage VR-9000STRYKER - model: 440SUPERSTAR - model: 121, 122, 36, 3700, 3900, 3900HP, 3900 American Spirit, 3900 HP G, 3900 Gold, 3900GHPA, 3900GHPM, 4800, GrantTEK - model: HR-3950UNIDEN - models: HR-2510 and HR-2600VIRAGE - model: 3300, 3300 HP, VX-38, VX-39,For further information concerning the listed transceivers or similar models, contact Ray LaForge or Gary Hendrickson at the FCC Laboratory, 7435 Oakland Mills Road, Columbia, MD 21046, (301) 362-3041 or (301) 362-3043 respectively, or E-mail: rlaforge@fcc.gov and ghendric@fcc.govWhen asking the FCC about other Ranger radios that appear to be easy to modify for 11 meter operation, but are not specifically listed above, the reply received was:Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2002 14:44:21 -0500From: "Gary Hendrickson" &lt;ghendric@fcc.gov>We have not had the opportunity to evaluate these two models of Ranger radios, so I can't specifically that they are illegal. We would be happy to evaluate these models, if a "virgin" unit could be obtained from the manufacturer. But until we have such an opportunity, we must assume that they are legal, in that they are not designed and intended to have the capability of easily being altered to operate outside of the amateur bands.However, if you can determine, on your own, that out-of-band capability does exist, as defined in the other FCC information which you already have, then you could reasonable assume that they are not legal.73, Gary HendricksonBased on this information, other radios may be added to this list, if we receive information that they are extremely easy to modify for 11 meter operation.
Galaxy radios are high quality radios in general. The DX-2517 has every feature that you could need in a base, and it's a lot of fun.The nice thing about this radio is you can customize it to fit your style of DXing. I'm not sure why everybody is dog piling on this radio, but I sure want to thank Joseph for the list of evil radio's. The price isn't that bad, I've seen used ones 10-15 years old going for around $350. So the asking price for a new one isn't bad. So if you like it buy it, don't worry about what Joe and his buddies think.
This is a great radio. While it isnt FCC type accepted, it does have it's place. If the wattage is turned down(done by variable power switch on front of radio) to the cb legal limit of 5w what matters if you use it for 11 meter? If you have a "ticket" to operate Amateur Radio, this does have the ability as it is a 10 meter radio, and there are people using 10m for communication. Amatuer Operators know what frequencies they can use voice on. Now concerning price, the radio listed here is rather pricey as I got mine for quite a few $$$ less somewhere else. I have been into C.B. radio for over 30 years and plan to be very soon "ticketed" to operate ham. This radio works well and has a great receive so if your thinking of purchasing this radio, you could do a whole lot worse than this one!
I have been receiving glowing reports both before and even more after a peak & tune. I added a 2 ft K40 superflex antenna which improved my SWR's greatly from a stock antenna, I even shot a little skip w/ this combo.
I purchased the Galaxy DX 929 several months ago.  I had the radio peaked and tuned right away.  Combined with a K40 mic, 18' shielded coax, and fiberglass dual antennas, all setup SWR's checked and tuned to approximately 1.2.  This is a solid performing radio that pulls in signals far away, and talks extremely clear.  It is not uncommon to converse with someone up to 10 miles away.  In the evenings, it is quite frequent to pick up skips from the west coast here in the midwest.  All of them very clear. The Galaxy DX 929 is a very good value for someone wanting a 40 channel CB.  A lot of features for the money.
Having used CB radios for many years the quality and performance of Galaxy radios is well known to me.  I had recently bought a very inexpensive CB for use while off-roading thinking it would be 'good enough' for the purpose.  The range was very limited and I had been told it sounded weak even from 1/4 mile away. I'm using a 3' Firestik antenna.  I decided to buy what I knew would have the features and performance I needed and purchased the Galaxy DX-929.  After installing the radio and getting a very good SWR match for the antenna I tried to make my first 'radio check' contact.  I got an immediate answer and was told I sounded good but a little 'tinny'.  I pulled my truck out of the garage and continued talking.  My contact said 'I don't know what you did, maybe you're closer to me now, but you sound much better'.  I asked for his location, thinking he was only 2-3 miles away, and he gave me the cross streets that indicated he was over 10 miles away.  We continued talking until he parked at an event over 12 miles away.  I was impressed and knew I had the radio I wanted.  Very happy with all the features the DX-929 offers.
This is my second Galaxy. Not as many bells and whistles as the other but it's perfect for general communications needs.
it's number one, I just love it.  talking to the big wheels
I haven't owned a CB since the 70s-the automatic swr calibration really is a technology that has increased the range.  The automatic noise blanking works great.  Great product.
A great radio for the price but take it from me, spend the few extra bucks and get the 959 with a frequency counter.
I have a Wilson 5k antenna, Kl200p and D104 power mic let's just say i get complements I sound like the "Big Boys" on AM in my 4 wheeler. I am new to the hobby and have received skip as far as Jamaica and Puerto Rico using ssb, and I am located in central Texas. FYI, ssb takes a few minutes to stabilize (warm up) when you first turn on the radio so don't be surprise to hear your ssb radio constantly drift off frequency; give it time. Also my D104 mic power mic has significantly improved output power and swing modulation in ssb, it's worth the purchase. BTW, no internal mods to the radio other than turning up VR16 fully CW to increase AM modulation to 100%. If you decide to make this mod you are solely responsible for the performance of your radio.
I purchased this radio after having to return another brand of radio I purchased that was not functioning properly.The Galaxy DX 949 is very cost effective and it has everything you could ask for on a CB/Sideband Radio.  It seems to be a well built radio that has been time-proven for durabulity.The built in SWR is great, it has a self calibration feature that gives you a quick SWR reading without the hassle of recalibrating for each channel checked.The Power Wattage output feature is a breeze as well and compliments the adjustable wattage output function.The radio has three different LED's to let you know about possible antenna/SWR problems, Rodger Beep on/off and one that changes color from red to green when broadcasting or recieving.There are a lot of knobs and toggle switches to get used to and several of the knobs function as a on-off push buttons for other functions.  After a bit of use a person can operate this radio without having to search for or look at the radio to make adjustments.The large analog style meter is easy to read and seems like it gives more precise readouts than the digital style meters.The radio also has the "Galaxy Noise Filter" in addition to the standard two function noise reducing feature.  Other CBers I talk to respond with commenting on how clear the output signal is.I am very pleased to have gone with the decision to go "Galaxy".
The Galaxy DX 949 is an outstanding radio with heaps of features including built in SWR meter, mic gain and roger beep.  Testing has shown that it performs to full power specs and the long distant skip contacts I have made confirm the quality of the output this radio delivers.  The only thing I miss is the scanning feature often found on other AM radios otherwise, this radio is everything a SSB user needs.
This radio talks and receives great right out of the box.  Other then hooking up a power microphone nothing needs to be done to this radio.  I get great responses from locals in my area and this has a good reach out to others. Great modulation and power.  I put this with a K30 antenna and it works great.  I would highly recommend this to any one.
Very good radio, heavy and large. The only thing I dont like about the radio is the GNF Galaxy Noise Filter it dont sound good unless you get a external speaker. I use it as a base radio. I had it in my truck got rave reviews on how strong it got out. I fell in love with it enough to bring it in as a base radio and take a cheaper base used radio out to my work truck. I was sort of concerned that somebody could try to steal it also. It's not cheep but you will get what you pay for. If you want a radio that puts out monster audio this is the radio to have :)
order came in timely manner and is currently working well. I am satisfied on all counts, thanks.
This product works great and is amazing for its price. Expect to find less capable amplifiers for much more. The only downside i found was that moving the buttons alot tends to wear out the contacts but if you need it to only set it to certain volumes and dont need alot of constant adjustment, its a damn good product.
Bought this for the install of my system in my 2006 Dodge Charger.  Had it professionally installed and from what I see there was enough length and of superior quality...Can't really speak from personally installing it, but from the seamless install I would assume that they did the job.
i have used this on every car ive owned and there has never been a problem. let the subs bump hard!
Everything is good quality!  Had a little difficulty getting the battery clamp to fit my post though but got it to finally work after shaving the post a little.
I like the adapter and it is very easy to use with color code and see thought and the Name raptor name.
This works great. I have it plugged into my receiver/cd player. And a 10 discs cd changer and Hd radio plugged into the switching unit.It automatically switches between them when you select them on the receiver.If you have a older receiver  you can use the supplied remote to switch between them.
This is a high quality product, ships fast, and is well worth the money. That all I have to say for now.
These speakers sound great in my boat!  Handle the bass good for this size speaker.Probably sound better in a car or truck.
This will be ma second product i own from soundstreamFirst of all this speakers are the tarantula version 100watt rms component setsThat have a very very clean sound (:I have them amplified to a memphs 100.2 and gosh they sound soo cleanThe break-in period is not done yet but i will update this as soon as that happens lolAnd honestly if u buyin these speakers then make sure u also buy soundstream tweeters too because this ones are just soft thought..Overall im very pleased with soundstream & ma next buy will be of a SoundStream Tx4.560 for mids and a second pair of these soundstreams =DSoundStream Bx-10x EpicenterSoundStream SST5.2SoundStream tws.3n&More; on its way ^_^
If you have mp3 radio you need this, normally mp3 audio is at 128Kbps means you lose a lot of sound. The equalizer option helps to reduce the lack of sound. But the impressive of this eq is the signal noise reduction in the full range frequencies, I use it to control de overall sound and one of the most important features is the individual control of the subs and balancing of the rear front speakers, because some music comes with deep bass other don't and the overall rear front balancing with radio or the power plants normally is not enough.The round controls means good quality potentiometers and have more and better control of frequencies.The only thing is that it have the illumination with a blue color, I don't read in the information of the eq or in the downloaded pdf of Clarion's site (...) just when I connect it, so if you want to combine with other brand radio its important to now this.In general for the cost-features balancing it worth's any buck.
Works well. The antenna was pretty tuned out of the box. One turn on my left antena tuner and it was perfect (dual antenna set up); because I mounted them uneven.
Simple spring shock, works good not too stiff. Allows enough flew with my 4' fiberglass antenna to hit stuff and bend under it. Easy install just screw it in. Can't go wrong. Be aware that this does add height to your antenna and be aware of what your antenna might hit if it gets flexed out all the way.
I put this on when I went from a 3' to a 4' firestick and wish that I would have had one the whole time. I no longer have to worry about low branches (at least not as much). I ended up ordering another spring to use with my 3' on another vehicle.
Slapped it between my firestik door jamb mount and 4' fiberglass whip. Stiff enough to prevent movement while driving (about 2" of movement at the tip at 70) but gives when I hit a branch, which I do a lot. Definitely beefier than I expected. No effect on my SWR. VERY pleased.
This spring fits perfectly with my 3'ft CB Antenna keeps it from breaking when i go trailing once you hit a brush or brushes the spring snaps it back and forth.
works as it should hold anttenna up in the air and protects the anttena as it hits low tree limbs
Good quality, well made spring for a CB or Ham antenna mount. I use it on my RV, and the antennas don't get bent and broken when encountering tree limbs now.
I found that it was a spring.  If you bend it, it returns to its original shape.  Simply amazing!But seriously, its a good firm spring for offroad use - if you're sick of your antenna smacking the beers out of your friends hands because you went over an ant hill, this is for you.I use with a 48inch firestick on my jeep, and I really have to rock it hard to get that antenna to move.
This looks the same as the Wilson spring.  Much better than the fat springs ala Radio Shack.  It flexes more easily and protects the antanae better.  Use it on top of my Hard Core Off-road setup Jeep with 42".  I tow the Jeep on a trailer) so this will give you an idea of the punishment my antanae goes through.  Haven't broken one since I switched to this unit.
This spring does a great job keeping my antenna flexible.  I use it with a FIrestik STUD W/SO-239 CONN and a Firestik 4' antenna. Very happy with this durable product
This is a nice heavy duty spring for nearly any size fiberglass antenna that you might use with your CB radio.
it is what it is. nothing special needed to install our CB, it works and we have no complaints. like i said it is what it is!
It is what it says it is, and does what is says it does. This is my last sentence now
This spring mount is well made, but I think it is to heavy for the Firestik Firefly antenna I have mounted on it. It is to stiff and knocks my 5&#34; magnet mount off when the antenna hits tree branches. If you have a normal weight antenna it will work great.
Stiff spring with no wiggle, but does flex when needed.needs something to hold onto when tightening or removing, otherwise no complaints.
if you have a whip this is the spring you want it is the best all around.. it really gets a rocking never breaks its crazy! others would have broke long time ago
Heavy duty for sure. Take quite a bit to pull back the firestik antenna but it should do what its designed to. Hope it doesn't rust or discolor.
My gooseneck camper broke off my whips when I turned sharp. Put these on and tested it out. Saved me $50 in whips the first day haha .very good construction
This is a basic spring; it works fone for my setup.  I recommend putting a little threadlocker on it during installation to keep it from becoming loose.
This thing helps your antenna flex and not snap when you hit it on something. Works perfectly with my Firestik antenna! I also just keep this on and remove my antenna when it's not in use.
when i first got this spring i thought it seemed to stiff then i put it on and the antenna hit my garage and some tree branches and i realized it was perfect for my 4' firestik ll
I have a 5 foot Firestik mounted on this spring and it works great.  My last set-up included the medium duty spring and a 3 foot Firestik, the antenna was constantly bouncing around, swinging when turning, going nearly horizontal at highway speeds.  With the longer antenna on the HD spring, there is none of that.  There is very little sway even after smacking a drive-through awning or limbs with it.  I highly recommend this piece to anyone.
i have a 7 foot firestik on it and it works just fine.  the tip of my antenna is just over 11 feet and i hit awnings and trees all the times and it has plenty of give.  works great on the highway as well it remains stiff enough that the antenna doesnt flop around.
bought this to hold my 5ft firestik antenna, holds it good even at highway speeds. totally recommend this spring for both its quality and price
This is a perfect accessory for a FireStik antenna. Well built and stout, it's reasonably priced protection.  Highly recommend it.  A+
I paired this with the firestik II 4ft tunable tip antenna. I'm super pleased. This spring is strong enough to hold that 4 ft wind catcher perfectly straight at 80mph, yet flexed enough to not let my antenna get damaged on the many trails i rode. it's been covered in mud for about a year now, and no problems period.
heavier and bigger than you think. thought they would be cheap and break. but when they say heavy duty, they mean it, these things are sweet
I ordered this last week and installed it on top of a firestik quick disconnect and the a 4' antenna and it works great. Give great reception and very strong when driving freeway speeds. Great product
Works great and allows me to just bend my antenna when it hits things. I'm about to buy another setup and this will be included
If you have a CB radio, and you go off road, then get this for your antenna.  It will give it a little bit of sway and give.
My wife had foot surgery and I had to pull the car up to the front door for her.  It was at the top of a parking garage and I completely forgot about my new 5ft Firestik antenna sticking way up.  I hit the first low overhang at about 5 mph and heard the loud whack when the antenna hit - I stopped as fast as I could but lucky for me, the spring gave instead of the antenna!Well worth the money!
Great item that works great with the other antenna parts I got. Fast delevering and well worth the money. Would tell anyone if they need a antenna spring, buy it here.
These made the look and use just what I was looking for.  The antennas give enough to keep them from being bent.
After 20 years, I got back into CB radios mainly because my new radio receives weather channels also. Weather is becomeing an issue in the southwest as well as in other areas who did not have tornados before. I travel in an RV and want to keep up with the weather in the spring especially. I have ordered several items made by FireStik and they are first rate and most important they are made in the USA. Yes I said the USA, NOT China. ALWAYS buy products made here when you have a choice, they are better and you support America, NOT a foreign country. Thank you FireStik.
I have hit tree limbs, and driven into the garage with the antenna on.  No damage anywhere.  My antenna is mounted up pretty high, and I hit stuff... mostly the garage door.  If you are prefect and will never forget you have an antenna up there, you might not need it.  The rest of us need it.
i paired this guy with my fiberglass antenna. it lets ur antenna move freely but it keeps it from smacking against your vehicle while trail riding. the stainless steel is good quality steel not the cheap china crap. so far it has held up well
This is heavy duty works great with my 5' fire stick on semi! Takes all strain out of antenna and looks good
This is a heavy duty spring that I attached to a 3 ft. firestik antenna.  There is not much flex with the 3 ft. antenna and I am afraid that the antenna will break before the spring flexes.  I probably should have bought the medium duty spring instead but it is probably ideal for the longer antennas.
The Firestik SS-3H heavy duty spring is awesome, just enough spring and stiffness to stop my antenna from breaking when getting caught on tree branches etc.
Great quality and does it's job very well. Goes well with a 102&#34; whip, bringing down my SWR's down to 1.1
works great and protects your truck plus the antenna. and its looks really good on your truck. looks professional and buy another
it is a little shorter than what I was expecting, but that is even better than what I expected!!fits perfect for the height of my roof rack, and is strong, but gentle on the rebound.
For the great price and quick shipping it works great takes out all the vibration from the oversized antenna it was well worth it
BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS.  If you want to give you antenna more flexability when on the trail or parking in a low over head area, this is 100% necessary.  this will allow any antenna to flex  reducing strain on the antenna itself.
This is another high quality FireStik product. Very heavy duty and does exactly what it claims. You can grab your antenna and pull down on it with your body weight (not totally recommended) and the antenna would flex back just fine. This shows you that under normal circumstances - hitting overhead brush, etc. - that you will have ZERO issues with antenna flex with this installed. It also allows for more flex on highway speeds or with high winds. I plan on putting a quick disconnect on top of this spring, so I can easily pop the antenna off when needed. Also it will give me a little more height, and reduce the contact from my spare tire against the spring. See my review on the rugged ridge mount if you're looking to mount on a newer Jeep, I address that issue.
I have found the heavy duty works better on my antennas, including the 2 foot on my Jeep.  Less antenna movement off road.
I've had this spring on my jeep with a 5' antenna on it for a month now. Yesterday I took everything off and gave it a good look over. I didn't notice any signs of corrosion or stress fractures.I'm very pleased with this spring. It's stiff evough to keep the antenna erect but also flexes to keep the antenna from snapping.Great product!!
I like the heavy duty springs because with a larger antenna it isn't flopping all over the place. Didn't have any negative effects tuning CB with SWR meter after installing this. Good spring.
Firestik SS-3H Heavy Duty Stainless Steel Antenna SpringThis is a good made product - See no problems with it
I purchased this along with other Firestik items for my CB install.  Since the CB was going in my ORV, I knew that the antenna would be exposed to low lying branches and other offroad hazards.  An antenna spring is a must have.  Anyway, using all Firestik items (mounting base and antenna) ensured a flawless fit of products.  The spring was very stiff at first (so much so it felt solid).  But, after mounting, it flexes like it should.I have used it on the trail and it has kept my antenna safe.  I wouldn't offroad without one.
Added to my firestick antenna to prevent breaking when loading large packs on my bike. It adds the flexibility needed/
Needed a spring for my 3' CB antenna.  Was concerned that it my snap if it caught a tree brance.  Easy spin on installation.  Heavy duty.
Pretty much cant go wrong with this threaded spring if you are looking for a threaded spring for your firestik antenna.
Works as described so far. It took a whole 2-3 mins to unpackage and install on my Firestik II antenna and Firestik coax stud (and supporting Rugged ridge) bracket for my Jeep.
I have my 4' firestik antenna mounted high on the back of my jeep. So this spring allows me to go under trees and stuff without breaking my antenna. Works great for what it is supped to do!
This is a critical element.  Takes the pressure off the antenna mount in case you hit low branches or forget to take the antenna off before pulling into a garage.  Easy to install and doesn't sacrifice quality or reception.  Plus your Jeep will wag its tail as you drive down the road!
This spring is heavy duty! Works as advertised. No complaints. Spring is stiff enough to not have the antenna bang around yet forgiving just enough to keep my fiberglass antenna from snapping when in rough terrain. I highly recommend this quality product and will be buying this spring again for my other vehicle.
Spring base for your Firestik CB antenna.  Firm enough to keep the antenna from swinging around under normal driving, but enough give to prevent (or at least reduce) damage when it inevitably hits something.
Does everything its supposed to do. I have this mounted to my FIRESTIK foot antenna which is mounted to my TNT Customs tramp stamp on my 2012 Jeep JKU. Not too springy where it bounces all over the place. Great retention. Even with knocking it on my garage, springs right back with no noise.
Had this on my antenna for a long time and it is performing flawlesly.  The finish is exceptional and it fits perfectly
installed on my silverado 1500 for two 5' firestiks. works great for highway speeds, antenna only bends a little bit compared to no springs. springs take a lot of bumps and tight turns very well.  Recommended over mild/medium duty springs.
Don't buy the cheap springs you find anywhere else. I did the first go around and it was flimsy as all get out! This Firestik HD is just the opposite and looks great with my Firestik 2 Adjustable tip antenna.
Just the spring I needed, had plenty of these over the years, my first one got at Radio Shack for $1.99, now that was in the late 70s.
They hold up my 3' firestik's very well. Just make sure you angle them slightly forward, I had them straight up for a while and the wind was bending one pretty bad and it never was the same after being bent that much. Angled slightly forward helps them fight the wind.
This handles my 4' firestik with ease! no worries of my antenna breaking, OR the antenna swinging around and hitting my jeep! perfectly stiff
Simple and well made. The spring hasn't shown any signs of corrosion in the year it has been on my rig.The spring is a little stiff for a 3' firestick antenna but since my mount is very sturdy it works well.I would not use this on a weaker mount as it is a very stiff spring and can deflect the mount easily.
Great antenna spring.  Threads are perfect, the spring is a nice chrome finish.  Installation was very easy.  I love it!
I have a new Jeep and I needed a new CB spring.  I bought both of the springs from Firestik as well as a big spring from Radio Shack.  The Radio Shack spring was too fat to fit where I needed it.  The smaller spring from Firestik seemed fine until the Jeep started rocking from side to side on a bumpy trail, and then the CB antenna would fling back and forth, ending up horizontal half of the time.  This tougher spring is just perfect, as it allows some flexibility while staying fairly rigid on the trail.
works awesome with my fire stick.... its been on my truck for about 9 months and seems to be a little bent backwards but not a huge problem. over all i love it! makes going to drive through much easier and don't have to worry about my mounting bracket at highway speeds.
Great HD Spring (is bigger than it looks in pic) that gives just the right amount of flex so it has give, but does not flop around.
No complaints about it, it worked perfectly.The HD model is much stiffer than the medium model.This means that the antenna won't flap and flop all over the place.Even in the wind the medium rated one flopped at freeway speeds.The HD version wiggled at highway speeds, and bent easily when hit by a tree off road, which is what you want in an antennaIt just flat out worked.
extremely strong but with long solid antenna they flex when needed.
This thing is super-duty, but still flexible with a 2' Firestik attached. I was concerned it was too stiff, but once everything is tightened down, it seems to work quite well and flexes just enough when I need it. It can cause your antenna to dent your vehicle if it bends back and then snaps back into place. I'm not a fan of tennis balls on antennas, but depending on where you mount it and how you'll use it, keep that in mind.
Heavy Duty!!! Have this mounted underneath a 4' antenna and really holds up well.  It does blow around in the wind, but not as bad as what some say.  Handles the 4' antenna well
I previously bought a similiar antenna spring frmo a local electronincs store and I found out real quick it was a bad choice because my cb antenna was whipping around the back of my Jeep. I bought and installed this one this weekend and man what a difference it made. Thank you alot.I've added pictures above for viewing on my 2011 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Sport JK.
Bought a 4' Firestik and wanted to protect it from snapping off as I drive a roll off and get to go through/under/between plenty brush and branches. The spring is very heavy duty but flexible enough to let the antenna move so as to keep from breaking and I think it has also helped the transmission and reception a little by adding 3". A professional CB'er once told me that "Height is Might!". My SWR does not move on 19, which is excellent (Broad Bandwidth).  I have a Uniden PC76XL in a Mack Granite.
I bought these two springs in conjunction with my Firestick antennas because they add more flexibility.  Mounted on a triaxle dump truck, the antennas are constantly hitting tree branches, and these springs add to the life of the antennas.
I am using this in combination withBrowning WSPBR1015 Enclosed Nmo 3/4 Hole MountandNMO to 3/8-24 Antenna Mount Adapterto attach a 102" steel whip to the top of my truck's roof for my cb. It was easy to install, swr is at a .5 and the spring is holding up well so far even after highway speed travel and hitting the antenna on a multitude of low cable/phone lines.
In the past, I've bought the chrome springs for the trucks I drive and am responsible for.  They have all rusted and were too week for going under trees.  The Stainless Steel Springs are great!  They haven't rusted and are more durable.  I'm happy with my new springs.  I use them on big rigs and my pickup.
Very happy with this spring, heavy duty, good quality, arrived promptly! I would recommend anyone running a stick antenna to use one of these.
I have these on my dual 6ft whips, they are great, bend enough so I can drive down the trail under trees, and when im in town, bend enough that the whips don't snap, even though the 6ft whips are already pretty flexible, these spring add more flex, great springs, would recommend them to any one who plans on having tall whips on there vehicle.
Solved my &#34;antenna whipping&#34; problem. Highly recommend the HD spring over the medium duty.  Doesn't change the SWR a whole lot
This is a good spring for a light antenna. It will not work on a 5 ft firestik or 102 steel whip. You will need to get a bigger spring for those antennas.
Have used these twice so far, one on a 52" Wilson CB antenna and the other a 48" Comet ham radio antenna, both have done the trick nicely. Having the antennas mounted on the roof, I went with the heavy duty springs as I offroad a lot. These work great.
pretty stiff looks good shinny rust resistant threads are all perfect and adds a little more height to the fire stick
Haven't installed this yet but it appears very well made, so far I'm happy with it and it should fit the Firestik antenna perfectly
Heavy duty Spring for a CB antenna...works great...good quality.  I would say that if you get a firestik firelfy, those antennas are already flexible and durable...so I don't think I have actually flexed the spring at all yet...but it is nice to have that extra big of give just in case
Good value, saves considerable storage space.  They are good enough for casual use and I would definitely order these again.
Installed this on my jeep along with a five foot FireStik, works like a charm. I have seen countless fiber glass antennae bite the dust on the trail from a small tree branch hit or even from wind. This small coil gives just enough play and wiggle to prevent this.
I use this on my pickup with a 4ft. fiberglass whip, flexes nicely if I hit a tree branch but holds firm when driving, American made and stainless steel, I like it.. Highly recommend.
It says eighteen words or more, so that's why I am typing this part. six now. four now.Great Spring?
If your purchasing a fiberglass antenna over 4 ft I would highly recommend adding a spring.  Not only does it look great, but it is a nice piece of added insurance against snapping your antenna on whatever the world puts in its way.
I bought this product and received it a day early. The package was not damaged and it looked clean and like the picture. I tested the flexibility with my hands and it didn't budge. Once I installed my firestik antenna, it started to sway back and fourth. I'm very happy with this product. I still have to find the range and distance.
This spring works great with my 4' Firestick and still looks new after 6 months on my vehicle.  If you need a medium duty, low profile antenna spring then this may work for you.
this is a must have on a firestick antenna will protect from breakage really strong durable spring. used for my jeep wrangler.
This has kept me from breaking my Firestik FSII 3' antenna on multiple occasions. It has bent down upon meeting a parking garage, a car wash, and my own garage. Stiff enough to prevent swaying even at Interstate speeds but flexible enough to save the antenna before I remember to get out and remove it.
This is perfect, with my four foot firestik, I have hit so many low branches and stuff and this allows the antenna to flex nicely without breaking anything.
These are additions to my Firesticks. I have one on my Jeep and one on my motor home. They are perfect and allow the antenna to flex and move now without fear of them breaking when they catch a tree limb or some other obstruction.
I use this with a 3ft Firestik antenna (FS-3BK) and a Firestik quick disconnect (K-1A).  Overall I think the 3 work really well together.  I'm glad I got the heavy duty spring as opposed to the medium duty.  This seems perfectly paired with the 3ft antenna.  During normally use it bounches just a little, but at highway speeds I'll see it tilt back maybe 10-15 degrees.  But it's got plenty of flex that I've never been afraid for the antenna when taking it through low hanging branches, the spring flexes plenty to take the load off the antenna.So far the antenna still looks shiny and chromey.  Other guys in my offroad club with Firestik springs still have nice chromey springs, people with other springs have nasty rusty looking springs.  I'm sold!  Overall though if you're looking for a spring for a 3ft fiberglass antenna, for on or offroad use, I think this is a great match.
Perfect match for my four foot Firestik II. Allows the antennae to move freely, but isn't so weak that it flies all over the place.
I bought this because I had to move my 3' Firestick to my trunk lid. When I opened the trunk, I was afraid the shock of it opening would damage the mount. This did the trick. It should also flex if it brushes against a branch (for off-roading).I went with the heavy duty spring because I heard bad things about the medium duty spring flexing at highway speeds. This one holds up just fine with my 3' Firestick. At 100+ mph, the antenna just wobbles side to side. It might be different if it was on the roof and in direct wind, but for my application it is perfect.
If you buy a Firestick antenna, this is a must. Because if you don't, you're gonne break those hard antenna.
i have installed duel whips on my 99 dakota and of coarse i used these break away springs when mounting the whips or antennas they work great i hunt fish and go in and out of anywhere with out worrying that ill snap off an antenna i can bend my antennas till they touch the bed of my truck in any direction they are a MUST for mounting cb whips
I like this spring.  It is strong enough that I can't easily bend it by itself in my hands.  But once you install it, you will see that it will bend appropriately if you antenna snags something.  Make sure your mount is secured very well so there is little change of breaking the mount off before the spring flexes enough.
These are great springs. They are VERY hard to flex. It makes me a little concerned that they may not have enough give if I hit some tree branches with my KW, as I have smaller 3' fiberglass Procomms on there that don't have a lot of flex to begin with. But these are just as heavy duty as described. Very nice item.
It was the missing link for my CB and Firestik antenna.  Great price.  Hope to only need this one. I would buy again from this vendor
This product is a must have for anyone who takes their CB antenna offroad.  I've had this product on for a year now on my firestik antenna.  Out on the trails you are bound to hit a tree limb or something at some point. The spring is solid and durable. It is flexible enough to bend but not break.  I have it paired with a quick disconnect and it is a winning combo! I'm very satisfied with the quality of this product.  Heck, it is even garage proof, as my wife parked the Jeep in the garage with the antenna on and bend it all the way back without breaking it!
I ordered this because my Firestik II 4' is too long. With my custom truck bed mount, it sticks up a couple feet above the roof of my Tacoma and catches trees like crazy while off-roading.When the package came, I thought, &#34;Oh no. It's too stiff!&#34; I couldn't bend it with my bare hands AT ALL. I was ready to return it for the medium spring, but thought I should try it out. I mounted the Firestik and gave it a tug. The spring bent over perfectly! Exactly like I wanted. And it's tight enough that the antenna doesn't whack the back of the cab when the it clears the tree (unless you REALLY torque it over).
Fit perfectly and performs perfectly.  Right fit and indestructible.  Purchased along with the FireStik Fiberglass antenna, this combination performs flawlessly.
it works ive hit alot and it has just wiggled around and kept it from breaking the firestick i bought
Its a nice hefty spring. It seems to be made well and has a good finish. Gets the job done.
This radio is a performer right out of the box. I have had more than one compliment on how good it sounds and that's with the stock Mike. I would Definetly recommend this radio.
I have had my new Galaxy DX979 for a year now and am convinced that it is without a doubt, the best CB Radio that I have ever used. The reception is superb. I have owned many Cobra models, and the Galaxy beats them all, hands down.
excelent cb worked good right out of the box would recomend this to any one intrested in a galaxy cb radio.good ship time.
Custom install but fits standard DIN radio opening. Tested in rural area and able to pick up signal on cheap antenna. Nice backlighting too. Very happy
Perfect size, all the goodies you could want on a radio, loud and clear audio, great looks, and an attractive price!
This was when a booming system in your car was all the rage and this made the ladies flock to my ride back then. Now order it's a waste of time as you don't speed as much time in a car. but it does come in handy for long trips.
WATCH YOUR FAVORITE MOVIES OR PLAY YOUR FAVORITE GAMES IN THE CAR!The DVD-ME R  car stereo from Blaupunkt brings a whole new meaning to the term drive-in theater.With a built in DVD/CD/MP3 player you can enjoy all of your favorite movies and tunes on the road.Blaupunkt's DVD-MER DVD player will play all your video DVDs and CDs, even discs you've loadedwith your favorite MP3 files.Its rear-panel output sends the audio/video signal to the video screen in your system.This horizontally mounted stand-alone unit features spring/damper suspension and includes brackets foreasy installation.The large/easy-to-read VFD display has a variety ofindicators for DVD, CD, chapter/ track, repeat, and angle.RCA A/V inputs are located on the faceplate to allow easy connection of a portable MP3 player,camcorder, or videogame console, and discs are loaded into a tray-typemechanism.Zoom in/out, angle change and repeat functions are allwell defined on the included compact remote control.There are multiple menu settings to adjust the DVD-ME R to your personal preferences.Password protection is available for viewing movies requiring parental consent.This unit features high definition MPEG2 videoperformance, composite audio & video output withRCA connectors and supports 16:9, and 4:3 viewing.Features:Horizontal MountStand-Alone DVD PlayerTray Loading MechanismFront RCA A/V InputVFD DisplayFull Functioning Remote Control With Remote EyeDimensions: 7-1/8'W x 2-1/8'H x 9-3/16'DMounting Brackets IncludedModel No: DVD-ME RWeight: 7 Lbs.
I ordered the AP595BT2 Learning transmitter from Amazon.Received it in record time from Tintnelectronics.I followed the setup instructions and in 2 minutes I hadthe transmitter setup. It works perfectly.After this review I am going to order another one to haveas a back up. Also the price is great.
The product came here on time with instructions and I was able to program it quickly.  No issues.  I was glad to find this.
I just received this order today.  The product works great and there are no problems to report.  Make sure to read the manual and follow the directions exactly.  The manual can be found online from the maker of this car alarm remote.  Just type in the model number of the remote and search.  Amazon saved me 40 dollars, so this was a good buy.  Thank you Amazon.
Got this on Amazon as a replacement for our transmitter for our Nissan Sentra at a much cheaper price than we had paid for one previously. It is the exact one I had gotten before and works great!
It is identical to the failing transmitter. Audiovox direct wanted a lot more for this.Amazon saved me money again :-)
I lost the car and house keys and needed replacement of both, I already had a spare for the car keys but not for the remote went online found this and bought it, when it arrived, I just followed the instructions included and could not be happier.
item arrived in a timely fashion, and it was the same product as my previous one I had owned.seem like the installer will have no problem programming this
Came well packaged, installed easily, had all the parts I needed and has worked without incident for over a year now. I just got a new (old) car and I plan to buy another one of these since fixed antenna tend to get torn off.Recommended without reservation.
Quality was great. Worked at home and at the office. I use if for fun and for work.  Our factory and warehouse are in different parts of the country and the world. Voice recognition was really cool, and it understood me, I was suprised :)I would really recommend this product. It is fun and saves a lot of money cos its free service.
This device allows you to connect two radios over the internet or a frs radio to a computer.  It is a lot of fun to use.  The audio is a little rough, but for the price it is quite acceptable.  Make sure that you get Motorola radios, I have Cobras and the mic/earphone jack is slightly different, so you have to pull the plug out slightly to get it to work right.  Worldwide Walkie Talkies - I wish there was cool stuff like this when I was a kid!
DingoTel is one of the best devices ever to be designed for the consumer grade two-way radio. Since the average GMRS radio currently provides an output power of 1-2 watts, it allows people to move farther apart for communication. This device, however, allows people to be hundreds and thousands of miles apart, or even in another country. It uses the internet to transmit your voice from your radio, so the possibilities are limitless. In this age of broadband internet, there is not even much of a delay between radio transmissions. Just 1-2 adapters can cover an entire neighborhood or campus so that you can have a radio network. I can also see this device being used to manage inventories at multiple locations. Unfortunately, only a single pin cable is included, so all those dual pin radios are useless but of course still can be used for the portable "walk-around" radio. All recent MOTOROLA radios (from the talkabout 280 series and the FR50/60 series on) use a single pin. The recent COBRA radios have a single pin also. ALL MIDLAND radios have dual pins, as well as the older MOTOROLA radios such as the 200, 250, Distance, and Distance DPS.Instead of going over with you how it works, since you can read about that on the site, I'll go over some PROS and CONS of the DingoTel two-way adapater.PROS:  -cheap-small-adjustable codecs to allow for lower bandwidth-great technical support-infinite possibilities-FREE service to useCONS:  -currently, only a single pin wire is includedThere are currently only a handful of places to buy the DingoTel device, but so far AMAZON.com beats them for price. I recommend buying it on AMAZON.com rather than at best buy or the DingoTel website, where it's sold for $50.
There is NO FREAKING WAY that I can say I am happy with this amp after using a 4 channel JLAudio amp.  But it is no kidding.  This amp is very, very clean and has a ton of headroom.  I sooo wish I had found this amp before I spent over $500 on my JL Audio amp.  I would not have bought this amp then anyway, not believing it could sound as good as the JL Audio amp.. or at least_close enough_to pass the test for my ears.  My car speakers were MB Quarts 5" components in the front and 6" components in the back....NOW I have this amp driving a pair of Klipsh speakers in bridged(actually 2ch) mode.  I am using a 650-watt server power supply for my 12v power.  I use my netbook and the M-Audio Fast Track Pro for 24-bit audio to the Jensen amp.  It is so clean and sounds dynamic!  Amazing how the highs are life-live and the low end goes through you!  I am going to build another portable rig like this as it sounds so great.  BTW I mounted the speakers to a luggage cart to make this really portable.  NO BOOMBOX or radio... or whatever comes close.  I will attach some pics if I figure out where the link is to upload them... if not, I will make a video review.....
The Tracvision A5 is the best thing I have ever added to my SUV. I can watch sports and catch up on the news when I am away on business trips. The RF remote means I can point the remote wherever I please and the system works, and I can also mount the receiver behind a panel with no problems. The people at KVH are very helpful and friendly and every question I had was answered promptly.
I bought this radio on a Sunday and it was delivered by Wednesday I had to radio slightly tuned and it talks really loud I was running a cobra 29 with a amp. Now I have this radio I have no need in a amp just a awesome product
This is a great radio for a ham -- it's 10 meters and is built well.But, this is not a CB, a hybrid CB or anything to do with a CB. This is a ham radio. 10-meters requires an FCC license to operate.If you don't have an FCC Amateur Radio Operator license and you use this radio you can be fined. The FCC fine usually costs $25k for unauthorized usage.
this was just want my husband wanted. all he had to do was take it to the cb shop to have it converted
excellent high end audio for the car highly rec for any dvd-a fans I have it in line w crossovers and highend amps performs A+
Powering these with a 4 channel Clarion amp, giving them about 75 watts RMS a piece and they sound crystal clear. Good good full range speakers when in a proper box. Bass response is average for a 6x9, but the highs are great. Perfect when paired with a small sub.
They fit perfectly in the cut-out of the ones I purchased from you about 4 years ago and they sound great good buy !
I replaced some very worn out 6x9's in my ski boat with these, and the sound is fantastic. Mind you, the goal for good audio on a BOAT isn't to win sound competitions, but I could find nothing disappointing in the way these sounded. Very nice bass response. For the price, these are definitely recommended.
I've owned this receiver for about four monthes so I'm better able to give a review.The only hurdle was rigging the antenna in a good location.I settled for rigging it outside my house which entailed  drilling a small hole though the wall and siding.Because of this ideal location I have not found the need to move it and I'm getting the strongest signal possible at all times.Now the most important thing;the sound quality.I'll be frank,it's better than AM/FM radio and extremely close to CD quality and with my type of setup I've found this to be valid.I have it hooked up to my Denon mini system by way of the RCA option.I'm using high quality interconnects and that has made a big difference.Also changed the speaker wire which also has made a vast improvement.I added a subwoofer to the mix and I'm astounded at how much I enjoy the various variety of songs I can chose from.(see my review of Denon)Mind you the sound quality totally depends on the type of system your going to use with this reciever.Also I should add that all the features it has works flawlessly.It's certainly a pleasure to kick back and listen.
I originally bought this for my husband's Sportster, but I liked it so much that I stole it from him and I'm using it for my Stratus instead.  I guess I'll have to get another for him.
I lost my car braket for my VIA Mechelin GPS Navigation and could not find the same in any store, bought this and fixed to my GPS which is very useful for my daily usage, Thanks for this product
I love it! It was easy to use and it fit my Sirius perfect! I have had Sirius for 3 years now so it was an older "chunckier" component and it worked great! It sure beats drilling holes into my dash!
I bought this to replace the one that came with my Sportser (which broke and never worked right in the first place).  This one is terrific, great suction!
I am a instrumental acoustic guitar music lover... and this system is the best for this taste.  So I am really enjoy all my CDS collections... the wood cone is the best clearly and warm sound...  without equalizer and other device... just adjuts the bass and treble...as you like... and relax and enjoy.  Dual componet... I just add a 5 cd changer... and thats it.  You will be satisfied.If you enjoy the acoustic cds music.. this is for you... I know this JVC series  was reward with many reviews in Europe
This is definitely the best satellite radio on the market. This set with the sports belt makes it easy to just clip it on and go. Great for jogging, running, walking, around the house cleaning especially when the vacuum is running with the ear buds/headphones you won't miss your favorite song/dj. This has been my fastest seller in my store, I can't keep them in stock. They're just the right size to, not too small or big, fits the hand without it feeling clumsy like some of the other ones. The price is really good on these. They usually have signup bonuses so you can split the cost with a family member.
I bought this to put a Pioneer Head unit into my 95 Camaro with the Bose factory stereo. My Bose died, but I wanted to keep the existing speakers and wiring.When I purchased this unit, I made a mistake, and ordered the ROEM-GM21A when I should have ordered the ROEM-GM21. The Only difference being the harness that connects the interface to the factory wiring.PAC were not very helpful, but online I was able to find a document PDF that showed how to convert the GM21A to a GM21 Harness. Basically it involves a paperclip and moving 6 of the pins to different locations in the plug.Works like a charm!
its great got it on time 2 way channel 1000 watts......its really cheap and very good just waiting to installing it on my 03 ford explorer! YAY
i have had this amp for almost 2 months now it makes my two 10s hit hard I would recommend this to anyone
Really good amp !! I recommend it to everyone !! Have it hooked up to my 2 12' and they hit hard !
I have not purchased this particular amp, but based on my experience with Pyramid, it shouldn't let anyone down as long as they're realistic with what an amp, which costs less than $50, can do.Simple math tells you that with a 30A fuse multiplied by 14.4 volts DC, it is capable of 432 watts, as far as current goes. Most class A/B amps (which this is) average ~50% efficiency (50% of the power is lost through heat).So, 432 divided by 2 (50%) = 216 watts max output. Figure ~70% of that for RMS power (continuous power) and you're right at 151.2 watts. Divide that by 2 channels and that equals 75.6 watts per channel. It's rated at 75 watts x 2 @ 2 ohms, so the math works out.I wouldn't hesitate to buy this amp if I were looking for one in this power range.
This was purchased last March and over a year later still bumps. The knobs aren't cheap, the amp is very stable at what it says its rated for unlike ALOT of cheap amps and its very low-profile for small car setups like mine. For 40 bucks your not going to find a better deal.
This amplifier works really good I hook it up to a single 10 inch pioneer and no problems at all it's been over a month and i don't have any issues with it i really like it
When i got the package i was shocked by the size of this thing. it was HUGE and HEAVY. It's not an issue for me since all i look for is performance.As for the performance, i think it's pretty good. I don't have a decent subwoofer yet ( will buy 1 soon), but i hooked up a supposed 300 watt roadmaster speaker to this amp to see if i hooked up everything right. it was pounding like crazy and speaker got blown the *** up in 5 minutes. i was happy to see that because when i read a review saying that it was way under power of what it claimed to be, i was a little bit skeptical. Nevertheless, it's a 40 dollars amp. Cheapest in its price range. Even if it's only 500 rms i still think it's a heck of a deal. The amp has a lot of tweaks that i have yet to explore.  I'm not Native English speaker so i hope you understand and find this review helpful :). Peace!EDIT: it's currently pushing 1 12'' kicker cvx!!!!!! it bangs! you have to adjust the amp to get the max power out of it! i'm double happy with this amp right now! no overheatings or random shut downs! awesome awesome awesome!!!
This is my first system and it works great for my 12 inch sub its gives it the bump its need
I rated this five stars so everyone would be able to see this review. DONT BUY THIS AMP. It is marketed as 1000 watts and it only puts out 50! It overheats if you use it for more than 20 minutes. Overall it is cheap and flimsy. Don't cheap out and buy this amp thinking it will produce any good use.
Bought to go along with my old subs after my amp stopped working before. Easy to hook up and sounds great.
Works great love it awesome amp give u lots of power very good amp at great pricevery good brand.love it
I have owned this amp for a little over a year and it works great, i got 2 10s hooked up to it, and it hits hard, havent had a problem in the year that i have owned it, I have recommended this amp to all my friends who have wanted a amp for a good price
Great product for the price i paid for it. I think that I am still in shock how cheap this amp was. it sounds great in my car and it shipped here pretty quickly!!
I just received my amp yesterday and I have to say so far I love it. I have not had the chance to install it yet, but it is a lot bigger then I figured it would be. Also it looks so nice. You can tell it is brand new because the condition is just great. Thank you for an awesome product I cannot wait to see how it sounds in my car!
This amp works great with my 2 12&#34; dual subs has not over heated or ever turned off and can't beat the price. I would recommend to anyone.
Awesome amp I've used it with a Rockford r1 and was awesome I've had it hooked to a set of 4x6 and was food and even to a set of 12s it's good for it all and cheap too
Purchased this almost 4 years ago. I travel 1.5 hours one way to work. I like to boom boom while driving. This amp has not failed yet. In micigan it gets cold below freezing and hot beyond believe, especially in the trunk of a car, where this amp is mounted. No problems. Price was fair. Shipping was quick.
Purchased this to put a little added thump in my Grand National, I have a Kenwood setup in my other Regal that cost me 250$ and this Pyramid is stronger than the Kenwood- Kenwood is also rated to 1000 watts- but I am only driving 2 6x9's and two satellite speakers. I was amazed at the power and sound this baby drove with. It gets unbearably loud before it distorts- and for 40$ you cannot go wrong. Longevity will be my only concern but it is stout and tightly made. Sure there are better options out there for bigger and stronger systems but this thing is super for the money- no complaints.
I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS AMP TO ANYONE WHO IS ON A BUDGET BUT IF YOUR NOT PAY A LIL MORE NOT 1000 WATTS BUT ABOUT 600 INSTEAD I HAVE HAD A MTX RT2100.2 THT HAS HIT HARDER THEN THIS BUT WITH A BUDGET U CANT GO WRONG LOL
Great amp for the price..Have it hooked up to a  pyramid cap pushing a sony dvc and a fosgate p2 12...Rattles my mirrors and trunk verywell..Its a beast!
I have it hooked up to 2 12 inch kenwood sub woofers and it absolutely bummps. works like a charm and sounds great!
It is a great amplifier for the the price. I would recommended it to cheap shoppers like my self bur it fet the job done.
This product was for my husband and he loved it.  It arrived on time and was packaged so that no damage would be done during shipping.  My husband has been using it for several months and still has no complaints.
best amp ive had even thow i only got 2 12 inch mtx that max power off 200 each that amp pushes mre porower to them my whole car vibrates haha but yea by far the best amp ive had
Great amp for a little price, I'm currently running them bridge to a 12 inch hifonics in a ported box and this amp helps it pound. The power slots are difficult to install your wire if your not running terminals on them so I recommend you get some for easy installation.
One of the best deals out there. its amp works amazing, just with the sub i bought wouldve been as good as this product.greatly recommended
This amp works good for my 2 12&#34; pioneer.So far very happy with the amp! hope it lasts at least a year
It is AWESOME makes my car really boom got a 1 12' inch sub and I can here the mess in my house
way better than i expected, great amp and gets the job done perfectly. It comes with bolts, extra fuse and a high input cable, i certainly didn't expect all of that, and was wrapped great!
A great unit,just makesure you by the correct gauge wire for this,and make sure it is well mounted,so many seem to use poor quality products after buying a good add on like this,price point is very good,not the best,I am sure,but nevertheless good,yes,there are far better units out there,there is also far worse,this performs as it should and a well installed unit will last along time....................worth buying.
Great amp!! It knocked my 2 10s!!!!!! Highly Recommended you can't beat it for the price!!! It's definitely worth it.
I had 2 12inch MTX attached to this. I was amazingly surprised how hard it pushes. I was one of those people who had hard bass
This amp is great for the price, i bought this about a month ago and im using with my two 12" MTX terminators and they bump hard and it hasnt shut off or overheated and ive had it on for over a two hour trip and they bumped the whole way i rteccomend this amp to anyone who wants a good hit in your car for a very smnall price tag!
I got this amp about 2 days before the estimated arrival.  I have it hooked up to 2 12's, and they pound!  It has not once overheated or blown a fuse.  I would reccomend this amp for anyone looking for budget sound systems, this does really well for the price.  I have no complaints at all about it.
i hooked this amp with a bazooka... works amazing.for the money is a steal. great amp.
I was looking for a bigger amplifier to replace my sony xplode 600 watt amp..after reading bout 25 reviews I thought I would try this one..i was a little iffy cause of the price but it's works awesome it puts out way more than my old 600 watt amp my mtx t55 600 watt rms 1200 watts peak sub never hit this hard before. ..if you can't get this amp working right wtf are you doing wrong? !?!?!
Bought this to power 2 subs in my truck. I also got a low pass crossover along with the amp to take some of the load off of the amp. Crossover works good and really helps the amp, it sounds really clean and has no problem powering my subs.
i hooked this up on mono to one punch12,in a wrangler..and its perfect..this thing knocks..for the money ,you cant beat this thing..
love it, bought it for my business co-owner because his burnt out, SLAMS his kicker c12a's hardverry nick and well built amp
this amp works great me and my friend wired it up to a dual illuminated 12inch 1100 watt and it hits so hard at %25 power. its so crazy. definitely does the job plus its cheap. the only concern i have is it gets hot in about 30 min but dosen't overheat
I bought this amp on a budget not expecting much. When I got it all hooked up I had to turn it halfway down so my subs didn't get overpowered. This thing is built to handle a lot more than most would think and I have used it nearly every day for a year and 5 months. Definitely do not regret buying this amp.
Jus hooked this amp up to two pioneer TS-W309S4 subs at 1400 watts a piece and it has them rattling the front seats in my Buick... Great buy for a cheap price. But i need something a little more powerful. It doesn't overheat...
CAR SOUNDS AMAZING. NOW I HAVE CLEAN QUALITY BASS AND I HAVE NOT FULLY TESTED IT BUT MAKES A THREE HOUR ROAD TRIO NO PROBLEMS
Bought it used and it came packaged like it was new.  Installed it and worked perfectly.  Highly recommended for those on a budget who want big sound at a value price.
This AMP does a wonderful job for my Kicker Comp 12.  Plenty of power from this cheap amp.  Glad I went with it.
I just ordered this amp today and it will be on my front door step tomorrow morning. I am very excited to see how my jbl cs1214 handles this amp. Ive done all the correct wiring and have been very excited for tomorrow.The 12' jbl is 1,000 watts and sounds really good on the current amp i have now wich is a prestige-460 wich is 500watts...and its bridged as well with the gain all the way up. It sounds really good But i will have more to say after i hook the pyramid up tomorrow.
I bought this amp after reading through a lot of negative reviews on it and frankly, I was skeptical. All that doubt went away when I hooked the amp to my two 12" subwoofers and they hurt my ears. I can't turn up my volume past 50% without getting a headache! Now, I definitely no professional, but I do know my way around. If you don't know anything about audio or electrical currents, you might want to get this done professionally.
for the cheap price you can beat it i have it hooked up to my 2 12in rockford fosgate xlcs and the flex my door and everything so i would highly suggest this amp if you are in a budget
This Amplifier pushes my 2 12s real nice. Hasn't failed me yet. This was the best priced 1000 watt Amp i found. I always hear how Amps are known to blow out and what not, but so far so good. It gets warm which is a little concerning but thats normal. I give it as much air as it needs to stay cool.
This product was well worth what i paid for it but it gets a little warm every know and again, but youll expect that from a 1,000 watt amp. Great product.
I have been using this amp for almost 2 years and have not had one problem. could have found a better deal.
Love these amps. I crank on them all the time in my truck.I would reccomend these to anyone who wants good drive power at a not so high price.
This review will come in two parts. First off i haven't installed it yet. But i have used this amp before. A Friend purchased it for a black Friday deal and we beat the hell out of it. We hooked it up to computer power supplies and had it drive a 15&#34; and a 12&#34; sub for hours on end (in two different configurations. one with each sub on a separate channel and another with the 15&#34; bridged) as well as putting it in two different cars (mustang and cavalier) testing both channels and bridged. in the mustang it was hooked to two 12&#34; cadence z series wired to 4 ohms and played off only one channel. In the cavalier it was wired to a single Pyle 15&#34; blue wave sub (also 4 ohm). this amp has endured use in climates all the way from the -20 degree of northern NY to the 85-90 degree of the rest of the state on 3-5 hour road trips. used for about 8 months.As people have mentioned in other reviews, obviously its not a 1000W amp. if you seriously thought that's what you were getting for $40 then you have no business dealing with car audio. However, if you are intelligent and purchase this product with that in mind, then this is a great budget amp. and for me that's what it is. i just needed an amp to use a for a while so i can save up and find a better amp eventually. Having used this amp before i knew how loud it really was. My friend has a 800 W Sony X plod amp hooked to MTX jackhammers and its much louder than this amp. but this amp does hold its own. This is not a competition amp. This is not going to give you earth shattering bass. But if you tune it right and hook it to decent subs then you will have a respectable sound system.If you want a sound system that will crack windshields and be heard 3 blocks away then you'll probably want something else.This being said, having torture tested the amp as much as we did, i decided to buy one for myself. i'll have an update when i actually install my own.
If you are looking to get a cheap amp this is it. This is my 2nd one. The first one blew up on me cuz I really didnt know what I was doing so I messed it up after like 8 months of use. After that I changed to another car and got the same amp. I could say that this was a great purchase. I have it connected to 2 10" subs and they bang!! I have had this amp for over 2  years and no problems at all!!!I would definetly buy this product again even if the one I currently have blows up! I totally recommend it if you want to create a good car audio system and you are on a budget, trust me you won't be disspointed! :)
Purchased the amp last week for 44 bucks with free shipping and arrived on the given arrival date as what amazon stated. Installed it yesterday to my technics 4 speaker subwoofer lying around, 2 speakers where both wired in parallel so in all both speakers in right and left input has 8 ohms and total of 16 ohms for all 4 speakers each speakers is rated at 300 watts. I thought this would be an overkill for my amp, upon completing all hookups I fired it up boy it still sounds good played several hours of music amp still stayed cool to touch despite my speaker setup. If you're looking for a decent but cheap amp to fill some low end bass that your current setup lacks then is right for you but if you are looking for some pounding and rattling bass you might spend more on high end amp.Update:Have the unit for almost 5 months now without any neg issues. Just a sort of advice when installing this unit is don't cheap on the connection. Every connection you do must be soldered with the amp kit you're using. Solder with the wire connectors from the battery to its fuse holder, ground wire  and towards the amp itself. Tighten the connections properly and remember to have some good grounding point by sanding into bare metal where you tap your ground wire(grounding wire must not be more than 2 feet length), it saves some headache in the future we're talking high current flow here so any loose and on and off contacts can cause short circuits it can either damage your amp or some electronic components in your car. Lastly the casing of this amp has some hole or perforation at the bottom which helps dissipates heat so don't block it leave a little clearance there by putting some washers/small bolts or any alternative materials you have in hand for elevation so that when you screw the amp to the surface it will not just lay flat obstructing those openings which helps in keeping the amp cool.
Title says it all. I like the ease of tuning the subwoofer and everything plugs in easy enough. Good quality for the price, too.
I bought this to push 2 10's and it works awesome. I did have to tune it some to get the bestsound but once it was done it sounded awesome.
When I first hooked up this amp it wasn't sounding right, I realized the sub I had couldn't handle the watts but I bought two 12" Kickers and the amp worked perfect. I have only had it for a few days now but it hasn't over heated or anything. Its a good cheap reliable amp, I would recommended this to anyone that's planning on having a loud cheap system.
Sure, its not all that but with the right tuning it's perfect dont let the brand fool you it's a decent amp, i set off car alarms with one little 8 inch sub im happy.
This is a really good amp it gets warm after like 3 hours never over heats im running 1 kicker comp 12" this amp sounds great you will not be disapointed at all
Had this for 3 years now in my car NOT a single problem! Audio is extremely good! Good bang for the buck!
works great, fit perfectly and all of the above. great deal glad i came across you guys and found this item, thank you
This amp is a great great buy for the price, I have it bridged two a cheap dual and a Kenwood 12 and it slams!!, I have it in my pos Ford ranger and people ask me if my trucks gonna fall apart, must have, great deal!
$44 for a 1000 watts?wouldnt you wanna buy it!its a great buy,simple to set up and sounds cleann.only have had for a short time if anything changes i will update
The good news is you dont have to worry about blowing your speakers with this amp, it is a good amp and will push a couple of tens. It does overheat if you push it at max for longer then 30 min. This amps is great for non competition.
This is paired with a 10" Sony X-plod and it blows away my friends dual 12"s. This is awesome. Normally people don't trust these reviews but trust me, you won't be dissapointed.
Great Amp for the money, I'd recommend to anyone. Very easy install, all the bass I could want or need
This amp is a great amp I thought for the price that it would not work . I've been having it for 3 weeks and bit it works great and I would recommend for everyone !
Wow, what can i say about this product. A lot of my friends were like, "dude this thing would last a month", well i am happy to say it has and more. My subs sound really good with this amp, I really didn't expect this thing to do a whole lot, but it hits hard. Buy this and I promise you wont regret it.
I have used this amp in two different setups( two separate amps too). I have used it on a pair of Kicker Comp 12's bridged 2 ohms and it works just fine. Runs a little warm when you push it hard, but what do you expect from an amp that isnt 2 ohms stable bridged? I am also using it to power a Bazooka 12&#34; DVC in my boat, and it has more power than it can handle.
I purchased this to go with the &#34;Pyramid BNPS102 10-Inch 1,000-Watt Dual-Bandpass System&#34; I bought on here. Both worked well. Was pleased with the purchase.
This is a great amp for the price!  Look at the features, low and hi pass filters, hi and low level inputs, input gain adjustment and much more. I'm not using a headunit with it, I connected the headphone jack on my ipod directly to the low level RCA jacks on the amp - sound is amazing! I may get another one of these to drive a subwoofer!
Product is great, this is the second one I have purchased. Good product for the money. It shipped fast, and as usual no problems with amazon and there other sellers.
i just recieved the amp about 1 day now and i been playing it almost all day today and it kept up pretty well, it does get hot though so i would advise to add a  cooling fan, i am running in along with 2 other amps in my garage. i am using it for bass bridged and it shakes the whole place. now i have to get a power supply to to keep up with all the demand, if the amp blows up i will give a update, heat is usually the killer for amps i have a fan  cooling so lets hope all goes welll,  thanks
Alot and i mean alot of people gave this amp bad reviews.  But i dont know what those  people are talking bout because this amp is great. I have no problem with it. It hits really hard and doesnt get hot.  u have to know how to hook an amp up to get thamaximum results out of it.  A+++++++ amp. highly recommend this amp. buy and u wont be disappointed.update::  i have had this amp for 3 weeks now and it is still going strong. I still have no issues with it. It has not got hot at all. It pushes my 12"legacy bandpass subs hard.  My bass on my head unit is turned all the way down and this amp still hits very hard.  lots of power. You would never know the bass is turned all the way down on my head unit. great buy trust me
I bought this amp 1 year ago and it is still in good condition and works as it should. I have now since upgraded but I can say that this amp is:-Works for a long time because the RMS output is no where near 1000, 50 I believe it said.-Few if any times it has overheated.-Good for running one channel subwoofer,or running 2 speaker if need be, I tried running 2 500RMS Subwoofers on it and it just was not enought power too spareI have seen reviews that pyramid is junk, but that is not true, it last for a long time,but it does not push alot of power, and people think that they being decieved but its a "safe" amp which just enough power to sound good but not enough to power high power subwoofers.~Good Luck
good price,simple to install.makes my 12in sub really thump!i plan to upgrade my door speakers next month and connect them up to this amp.would buy again . recommend to a friend.
Well, i don't know too much about amps, and car audio. But this one works beautifully. It gets my sub's kicking.. hardd. and i love the clean white look. very nice product.
I have my doubt about this product for that price but now I think is a steal if you need high performance for a cheap price I recommend you to try this amp this thing is crazy !!!
I'm pretty OCD about new stuff and as soon as I received this item I opened it up and carefully examined it to find any imperfections or flaws around it. There were only two things that bugged me and one was the middle plate seen in the picture, held down by the 6 screws you can see in the picture right now, seemed to be slightly popping up in the middle on both sides. If I push down on either side its almost like putting a dent in a can and then letting it pop out, but that is quite exaggerated. The sound sounds like the can noise but it looks quite perfectly fine. I have not hooked it up into operation yet and I hope it will operate finely.-kev
Its one of the best amps I used it works perfectly fine I use it with my speakers everyday and it pushes them hard with,no problem
Let me start off by saying if you're the type of person that is looking for some good bass to balance out your sound then this is the amp for you it's cheap and will do more than the job.I am using it to power 1 sony xplod 12" sub and it sounds awesome. Now if you're looking for competition like sound then this is not for you so don't buy it and expect it to do that, there are many amps out there that you can look at starting at $90+ but don't expect one at $40 to do that job,in other words don't be cheap and expect top quality,with this amp you won't get what you pay for you'll get more than that because it would be good even if it was $60 but thank God Amazon has good prices. Overall this amp is really good for the price but again don't expect something you know can't be offered for a product at this price,it does push subs without any problems and sounds greats no distortion even when set at high well at least for my setup. Try it out for this price you'll be blown away and surprised how good of a brand pyramid is.
I bought this after my Sony amp fried out. I wasnt looking to spend a lot but I wanted something that worked. I used it with 2 kicker 10 inch subs.
i have it pushing a pioneer ts swx251 in my saturn vue and it pushes this sub with great punch.
Soo i purchased this amp around a year ago..and i just reacently purchased this for a friend.. This ampp ..is wow it still its as hard as the first day i  got it. its powering a 12sd 2500wtt Ssl and it HAS NOT LET ME DOwn .. so yes GREAT amp for only 40! yea definently worth it  plus it was here 2 days later. completly amazing .. 4 gauge wiring have gains all the way down .. sounds real clean... im happy :)
This is the Second One i have purchased, Now its powering 2 10inch kickers and it holds its own, Gain turned up a quarter of the way and i bumps
Bought this to power a little 8inch woofer, I ended up blowing it within a couple weeks. So I hooked the amp up to my 6 by 9 pioneer speakers in the rear. They really came to life and punch a lot harder. Its damn good amp for only 45 bucks.
Really Good , I Bought This For My Mazda Protege ES & It Hits So Hard & The Sound Is Really Loud
This is perfect for the smooth sound which comes out when the music is playing. My son enjoys it & plays his music all day.
Lets Start This WayI bought this setup for a 1999 Pontiac Montana it was just so that our daily driver Had some boom 2 itI got a jvc 45x4 watt stereo nothing superUsed a sewell 2000 watt amp install kitPut it on a 12' alpine 750 watt subSub is installed in a BandPass box dual portPros1 For a $50 amp this S@#% Be beatin'2 came with hi input cable and screws for mounting3 Easy 2 install !!!Cons1 As every comment of smart people here on amazon says Its not a true 1000 watt amp 30 amp fuseand a lil math will tell u that but very few amps push a true 1000 watts rms. Rms is where it is at.2 Didnt come with any cable connectors for amp cables had 2 spend a few more $'s on those so ifu dont buy those connectors and just use the wires themselfs they will slide out of the screw holdersNow with that said people on amazon will leave comments saying some bs about this amp if u truly know what u are doing and know how to install audio stuff correctly this amp will work fine if u are looking for a 600 watt rms amp. THIS S@#* RATTLES THE BACK WINDOWS I HAVE HAD TO RESEAL THEM AND I HAVE HAD IT INSTALLED A DAYJUST DO YOUR HOMEWORK IF U ARE LOOKIN FOR COMP AMP THIS AMP IS NOT FOR YOU!!Im cheap dont like to spend alotta money on car audio but this amp has done what i am asking for if there is ever any problems i will update me review but till then 10 Stars and plenty more !!!!!O and ps if u have anything come thru the mail or any shipping company there is a risk off DOA because of all the hands that touch your box so just remember post after you have calmed down and use some sence .
this pushes my sony explode with no problem. ppl next door came out saying i was shaking their house :D
alright I just got done reading the reviews for this productso far I have bought two of these pyramid 1,000 watt amps and I plain on buying 6 moreI am no expert but I do know how to correctly install amps and sound systemsI have measured the out put for the amp it is a true 1,000 watt ampI have stressed the amp out go the point of having a 1.23 ohm load on itnever had any overheating problemsI read that one comment on this product saying that they needed bigger wires for the supplyI currently have a 5 gauge supply line to my ampsI currently have four 12 inch subs connected to two of these ampsthis is well worth the pricewhen u know what you are doing and how to connect it correctly
but reality is this is a beginner amp for someone learning what they want out of their sound system so try it out i just remember thinking it was going to be loud it give a good bass but not my type no more
excelente amplificador no  calienta demasiado  es muy  varado  vale la pena lo recomiendo a todo el mundo que  necesita uno de estos
we hooked my friends two 12&#34; memphis audios to it boy do they sing better then his crunch amp lol
Works great!  I only have one Sub hooked up at the moment, but it works great.  Also the price was awesome.
The quality of this amp is fantastic, I have now been using it everyday for over four years and never had an issue yet! It is hooked up to dual 12&#34; Audiobahn subs and this amp rocks their world for less than most name brands
The Amplifier is overall good amp for the price.I installed two  12in Pyle drivers and its knocking gOOOOOOOOD AMPPPPPPP Buy it if your on a budget if not get the kenwood
I hooked this amp up to two pyle red lable 12 and they sound real good i half to adjust it a little but its a very good amp and its affordable
I put this in my 2000 ford ranger with 2 kicker comp 12&#34; subs in a sealed box and it bumps hard.I got my whole setup for around 180$.It is not a true 1000 watt amp though, to get it to 1000 amps you have to bridge it.I have my bass at negative 3 and its still bumps so hard it flexes my doors and roof. One of the best amps you can get for the price. I highly recommend for anyone on a budget.
Amp has overall great sound quality from powering my P2 Subwoofer. Very compact also it easily rests under my seats with plenty of room to spare. For the price I'm surprised what I got, I was thinking this would just be a quick replacement for my rockfords but I'll be keeping this amp till it gives out!
had problem hooking it up the first time.  awesome return policy. the replace came. got it going. it perform great. no complain here.
great power  amp for a system! simple two channel amp that drives my subs wonderfully. this product was well worth the money spent.
This Amp is acually alot better then i was thinking it was going to be, with good subwoofers it has great bass and it is loud. 5 stars
good for a starter whos looking to have a good speaker system without breaking the bank so far handles 4 rockford fosgate speakers for over a year now
This amp gives my subs a whole new meaning. No regrets buying this amp great amp on a good deal :)
amazed with my product.  A++  ... .. ... ... ........ ....... . . . . . .. .  ..  .
got 2 on my 2012 hundai accent 2-12" flats lanzars 2000watts and I pump up the volume excellent amp for the price!!!!
This amp is the best amp you can buy for such a low price I highly recomend this. PYRAMID knows what they're doing for car audio.
Works fine and does deliver some power. Mine is hooked up to a 10in Pioneer(1000w) and it hits good. Just make sure you set the gains properly on the amp or you might blow the sub(or subs) and maybe damage the amp as well.
I selected to have this pyramid amp, first it looks really nice and for the price the performance is what expected. As long you want to hear clear music, this is very comfortable.
this amp is amazing for the price. it pushes whatever I hook up to it and its strong. love it
works great and do not over heat. think it is too expensive for a 2channel still.but it can work because it sound good
It's a good pyramid
Alright, i was a bit scared to get a 1,000 watt amp for 50$. But, im glad i did. Look this amp is great, i have it powered up to 2 12" mtx terminators and they pound so insaintly hard! i have (true) 8 gauge hooked up with it and it preforms very nicely. I have my subs hooked up at 2 ohms bridged! meaning positive on one channel and negative on the other. FOR UNDERR 70$ THIS IS THE SHIT! IF YOUR TO GOOD FOR A 50$ AMP THEN FEEL FREE TO SPEND MORE...PROS: POUNDS!!DOESNT GET THAT HOTDID I MENTION IT POUNDS!!UNDER 50$BRIDGEABLE!!CONS: YOU CANNOT CONNECT YOUR POWER CABLES RAW, MEANING YOU MUST PUT FORK CRIMPS ON THE CABLES TO MAKE IT COMPATIBLE!!THE POWER AND PROTECT LIGHTS ARE VERY CHEAP AND CAN BE PUSHED IN......
i have this pushing four speakers on my wakeboard tower speakers and it works flawlessly and looks pretty good as well
Wasn't sure of the name brand. But for the price I said what the heck.Hooked it uo, and man us it awesome!
Ordered next day shipping with amazon prime, and the amp came in the next day. Hooked it up and the clarity is amazing. One thing i did notice is if you run it for a few hours straight it gets hot, but it doesnt overheat. Really great product and well worth the 50$ + 4$ overnight shipping. Currently hooked up to my 12" Kenwoods and it makes my neighborhood shake its so loud.
I got this amp for my girlfriends 10'z, and it gives it a good bump and its an excellent quality especially for the price!!!
this amp rocks!I know I'm not using the full 1000 watts but it still makes my car thump!When I have friends in my car they say it makes their hair stand up on their neck!
It does everything it's supposed to.  I hooked up two 12" kickers to the existing stock system in my Jeep and they pound.  They're so loud I had to turn the base all the way down.  It's a good cheap buy for a 2 channel set up, it rocks.....5 Stars...
I was pleasantly surpised this amp is absolutely worth the money! i will buy another one soon. 40 dollars was well spent.
I was really impressed with this amplifier, especially for the price! I have it running my 4 full range speakers in my vehicle and the sound is so crisp even at very high volume! I would highly recommend this amp to anyone who wants to run stereo speakers, as far as to run subwoofers I cannot comment because I have not hooked it up to my subs. Bottom line, don't spend $200 on a name brand amp when you can have this one and be just as happy!
Great Amp, I'm replacing an amp that was stolen which cost four times as much. So when I got this amp I initially loved the compact size.  The amp pushes my 12" pioneer sub with ease and it sounds great.  I will buy this amp again with out a doubt for my other cars when I upgrade the sound system.  Definetly worth every penny and some!
This thing has gone beyond my expectations.  It can handle any configuration I set it to with ease.  I have 3 10" Subs, and a 500 Watt deck connected to this beast and I can have everything set as high as it can go and this amp handles it like any expensive amp would, if not better.Thank you and God Bless
never bought an amp before in my life and i was praying i wouldnt have to return this. all i have to say is holy sh**t. plenty of power im still breaking in the subs (2 12'' MTX TERMINATORS) and it is a perfect combo!! for the price, my friends were pissed they paid $300+ i spent $125 on the subs and $50 on this and my car was already wired with 4gauge saving over $400-500.anyways, i brought it to Frys and they trust this brand i set it up in my car and it slaps harddddd. provides more than enough power i still have it at 50%. if your just tryin to slap, and i mean slap hard, and have a good time with friends this sh**t will do it. never even gets warm no problems whatsoever its all good. lemme know if you got any questions
i bought this amp a couple months ago and just installed it about a week ago and it works great. i have a 12in 600watt max power pioneer subwoofer hooked up to it and it pounds. now ive read reviews about how its a really weak amplifier and idk much about all that stuff but this amp is sittin in my trunck hooked up to my sub and it pounds hard enough to shake the whole car and vibrate the mirrors so much u cant see out of them. thats just my personal experience.i would buy this amp again and reccomend to others!
the price is way too good for this amp but im not complaining.This amp has a rockford 10inch p3 hooked up to this at 2 ohms and shakes my windows in my house. I have it hooked up to a power regulator hooked into my computer and it sounds fantastic. I definitely reccommend this product.
this amp is perfect for me. it pops the bass and hasnt overheated yet!!! loving it. nice design... looks good and is easily mountable to the back of my subs box. lots of input output controls make it easy to get desired sound from it.
I've really only had this amp for a little while, but i will tell you that you will not be dissappointed if you purchase this product.
I hooked this up to my moped battery before installing right to the mp3 player  with the y cord ,I can hook it up a few different ways ,its going in 1995 Camaro z28, I bridged it ,for them both about half way is perfect,for the price you can tweek it ,it was shakeing the house ,for 37.00 was like new out of box,hooked up to the phlb pyle 12s with 2 tweeters both 500 watts each,its slams the bass,just like the guys said,an I figure those with the less then 5 stars had one that did not work right did not bridge it or turn up the bass levals ,its louder then I would need most of the time ,an could get me a ticket I will be careful,i may just install a marine battery in trunk an eliminate the head unit ,will be easy 10 minutes install,but with time I will hook it up to the head.2000 songs is a lot of music,iwas playing with thse little ones that just did not have the power I needed ,I would say its definatly putting out 500 watts an about 400watts ,is a clean sound its got great sound now I can hear what i was missing,i did not know if I could hook the mp3 directly to it ,guys you can ,I can only imagine in the car how loud it will be,i got 2 mini fans for heat going to make it look pretty like the tank I have in back ,its all about how it looks,when I first hooked it up ,iwas like wow its no better ,then I relized the review I read about bridgeing it to one channel,an that's whear the power is at ,I cant say enough about the amp ,after trying 600 watt an a 300 watt,this is the one ,wish it was black ,but white does not reflect as much heat an it has plenty of venting,i willtry to remember to post pics when its set up in car next month ,make sure you get 1000 watt wire kit ,
I bought this amp on sale during the Black Friday week. I picked it up for $35 with free shipping. My brother in law also purchased one. It's been 3 months now and mine is still pushing my 10" pioneer hard as hell in my '69 Baja Bug. My brother was pushing (2) 10" rockford fosgate subs off this one amp. And for a long time they hit hard. Just recently his amp stopped working. The LED lights still function, but no sound. He went on to purchase a Pioneer amp from WallyWorld, but the amp is going to be pulled apart to find what failed and to see if it is repairable. The problem is he bought a 1000W MAX amp to push sub(s) that have a MAX of around the same EACH. So roughly trying to push 2000W MAX subs with a 1000W MAX amp. This is a bad scenerio. This is overworking the amp, and it is the amp that should over power the subs, not the other way around. But, from my personal experience it has been more than I expected for the price. I paid more for my 400W Dual amp from WallyWorld. I have the bass boost at +12 and the gain at about 1/2 way with a bridged connection to my 10" sub. Since the amp and sub have comparable MAX watts, they seem to work together fairly well (so far). The Dual 400W vs this amp is night and day. The Dual amp pushed the Pioneer sub, but once I hooked up this Pyramid amp it beats the crap out of it! I'm very happy with my purchase, and would recommend to anyone looking for a low priced decent quality amp, and I would personally buy again. Just make sure (with any brand) that you properly set up your sound system. You can run 3 10" subs off a Dual 400W amp, it won't hit hard and will work the crap out of the amp. The amp will eventually die. So if keep this in mind when purchasing. If buying for more than one sub, get a 2000W+ amp.
ive got this amp powering two "dual 12'" subs in a dual bandpass ported box. i havent gotten to turn it up all the way yet because im afraid il blow my speakers before i get to hear my subs at full volume, but im gonna hook up my other amp to my speakers soon so that i'll be able to put a limit on the speakers so i can blast bass without worrying about blowing my speakers(highs and mids). so far though this hits harder than my old amp(the one im gonna use on my speakers) it sounds poppier i guess, cleaner. all in all a great deal, no problems with overheating so far, hopefully it'll stay that way too!
Cost, shipping and quality...all great.  So far, very happy with this amp.  Make sure to buy an amp install kit.
Well I bought this AMP for my MTX subwoofers which I also bought off of here and found out I really cannot use them since I would need to change the wiring on the inside. The package came on time, no issues. Came with instructions, screws, and extra fuse. This is not really a 1000W though I can tell that much. More like 600W. Which is not bad either.
This has to be the best Ultra subsonic Earth QUAKER. This amp is more powerful & smaller than my 750 watt. The technology has improved, the price is affordable, & the quality will blow your mind. This amp can do highs, or low, or full range. Thanks Pyramid for your dedication to quality. My 1000 watt amp is HARDCORE {o} This is a journey into BASE!!
Hooked it up to a 15 inch kicker in my Tahoe and my wife told me to turn it Down because of our noise ordinance
I already had a boss roit 1100 watt amp bridge that and these amp boy is it hitting in my Cadillac Deville get it no problems oh and my speakers kicker 12 800 watts a peace
Better then i Thought!!
I am really loving this amp because it really is able to deliver the amount of power that i am wanting it to deliver.
This is a very good portable boombox for XM radio.  It operates either AC or DC, includes a port for home antenna, and has a remote control.  The internal antenna provides excellent reception.  Construction of the housing is sturdy and durable, with a lidded hatch for the radio receiver, making it somewhat moisture resistant.  Result is that you can take XM radio anywhere: indoors, on the patio, by the pool or on the boat.
This is a great product and the sound is amazing.  Just what I was looking for.
The audio system is awesome.  I purchased it for my husband to take to his fishing trip in Mexico.  He was the only person on the fishing boat that had music, the signal was clear the entire trip.  He takes it with him everywhere he goes.  It is water proof and compact enough to take in a suitcase. I would definetely purchase another one on these systems.
This product delivers!  I didn't think I would ever own a "boom box" again, but now I do.  This is an excellent product and well worth the money.  This product allows me to enjoy my XM subscription to the fullest.  It has great sound (be sure to adjust bass and treble on the XM receiver), no hiss, great reception indoors with standard antenna.  I've used it at the beach, pool, boat, in the house-where ever! It looks great, too-kudos to the design team!
This unit is awesome.!!! It sounds great and is built great. Very nice quality construction. For the size of this thing and for the price.....you will not be disappointed.( I havent tried it on batteries yet, but plan on getting some rechargables for it soon )Also, its great getting an extra remote with this unit too.The perfect jobsite radio this will be :)The commercial hater ;)
This item is a great audio system.  The system was exactly like it was pictured.  The sound is great and the portability is exactly what I needed.  I had an old system for many years and it finally gave out. The system head fits perfectly and is completely enclosed.  The built in antenna is a great additional since my old one only had the external one that had to be extended out.  The extra antenna is great if there are obstructions where the system is placed.  Glad I bought it.
This is actually the 2nd Belkin boombox I have purchased. I now have one at home and at the office. The sound is incredible and has great bass.
For the most part I haven't seen much of my Audio system since it arrived.  Seems my wife has it most of the time and my office is still quiet.  We have another XM product that I'm going to have to activate to put in the office I guess so I can listen to my favorite channels.  The Belkin is a great portable platform for our Roady II.
I am very happy with this boombox. It was more than I expected. It arrived in a timely manner and looks and works great. I also got a remote with it which I wasn't expecting It was a pleasant surprise. I love it and use it all the time.
This unit is worth every penny!  I have seen comments that it is ugly and that the sound is not very good.  The fact is, the sound is very good for a portable unit and who cares what it looks like. (I think that it looks cool!)You can virtually take this thing anywhere and enjoy satellite radio wherever you go.  I use mine in my boat, my garage, myhouse, and at work.  It is wonderful to be fishing out on a lake while listening to a ball-game at the same time.Buy it and you won't regret it!
I just got the Belkin F5X007 for my birthday and I am thrilled.  The sound is better than I could ever have hoped for and I am looking forward to the portability.  A very cool piece of technology in an attractive package.
This replaced my first box. At half the price I was shocked when I got the shipment in the mail. This was the exact same belkin F5x007 that I have used for years. Thanks for making it possible for me to replace it at such a reasonable price.
Excellent sound quality.  Easy to plug in and out.  The remote is very handy when programming.
Great unit for the price, good sound for a portable.  Remote is nice touch.
This is the best sounding Boombox that has come out for Sirius or XM. I had this delivered to my work and five people have complement this unit on its looks and quality of sound.As the reviewer stated below this looks much better sitting in front of you than in pictures. I like all the storage offered, you can hide the remote in the battery compartment, along with the lead for the built in antenna. The front volume and earphone jacks are rubber seals...good stuff, goes alone with the waterproof claim. The built in antenna is also rubber sealed around the base.The sound output is very good, it has good bass with no distortion, it also has two tweeters that deliver nice highs. I have not had the hiss at low volume some other reviewers experienced, it sounds good with the volume set at 2 or 15.Yeah it doesn't have a CD player, or even a FM, radio built in but that is not the reason I bought it. I have had XM for 9 months and not listened to regular radio once in 9 months, and maybe only 3 CD's in that time. So...I dont care about these omissions, if I wanted these functions I would have bought a regular Boombox. I have yet not been able to get a signal, and I work in a 100 year old building surrounded by brick and concrete. As a matter of fact the home antenna supplied points at a wall and I get three bars on the XT's signal meterThe remote is basic and missing some of the functions of the Delphi remote, but that is a small trade-off.  Over all this is a well built Boombox, sounds better than any of the other satellite boxes out there. So in the end if you have XM you will not be disappointed if you make the purchase.
Received this product 5 months ago, and love it.The sound and quality are very good and makes it convenientwhen we want to take that great sound to the beach, onvacation, and to the office.  Very easy to use.Many people have seen it and commented how they like the looks of it and the sound.
Excellent item .. The Sound is outstanding.. It really is a Bass box! The bass is unreal and STRONG.. Great item for the cost..
Went to Circuit City to buy outside speakers so that we could listen to music while in the swimming pool, luckily ran into this XM boom box, which is waterproof.  The sound is awesome, great bass.  The antenna works great, even in our screened in porch.  I read a review on another site that called it ugly, I don't think it's ugly at all, my little roady looks great and there and is well protected.  My only concern is battery life, have't played it long enough to know if the other user's complaint is valid.
The Belkin and Amazon product descriptions were written before the Delphi XpressRC came to market, and have not been updated.  I took a chance buying this combination, but the result is glorious!  Clear full sound, and a bright color display displaying program details.  The Belkin "boombox" is up to the company's usual high quality standards.  I'm impressed with the sensitivity of the built-in antenna.  I live in Baltimore City where there is a repeater XM signal.  The Belkin boombox picks up everywhere inside my house, usually showing 3, and occasionally 2, bars.  Walking around on City streets, and sailing on the Chesapeake Bay, it's almost always 3 bars.  With batteries installed, the unit is nicely balanced; the big handle makes it easy to carry.
The Belkin XM Boombox is a  rugged high quality  portable sound system. Hate to see it go out of production. I knocked it around in the truck from job to job , 4 yrs before it tanked, so was very happy to locate another unit. GREAT Sound--superior to the Audiovox. The original 12V power cord is the only weak link, but that is easy to replace.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it was awesome.  Reception was great and the sound was very great!  It is really nice looking too and would be very easy to bring anywhere...beach, pool, etc.  We're looking forward to using it in the backyard this year!
This is a very high quality very duty product. This was purchased for a 10 year old so I was glad that it was not flimsy.
I purchased the radio for my wife and she has been satisfied with its preformance.
I had this radio before and the sound is great.  Totally recommend it.  Worth the money.
I wasn't expecting much, but I figured the Belkin F5X007 would give me another way to maximize the monthly XM payment for using my Audiovox Xpress other than just listening in the car. First, it's bigger than I thought it would be - but more importantly, sounds much, much better than expected. This thing gets fairly loud with decent bass (bass & treble adjustments are made on the Audiovox Xpress unit using the included remote control). Forget using batteries. This thing drinks 'em like I drink beer, but that's OK. I don't plan to use batteries that much anyway. It'll mainly be used on the patio while BBQing & partying or hauled around inside the house - both times plugged into a wall AC. For other outdoor occasions, there's always the car's cigarette ligher socket to plug into. As expected, for indoor reception, it must be placed near a window; or place the unit wherever you want, plug in an external XM antenna that's run to a window, & you're in business. At any rate, it's well worth the money & highly recommended.
The Belkin F5X007 works very well as an portable speaker/amp system for our XM receiver.  The sound is very good and it has power to spare.  We have placed it a couple of different places in our home and have not experienced any reception problems using the internal antenna.  The signal strength has been adequate at each place but is definitely stronger near the southeast facing window.  The F5X007 appears to be well constructed with clean lines and fully capable of the splash resistant claims of the manufacturer.  Insertion and removal of the radio is a snap.  Moving the radio from boom box to car will be easy clean and quick.  We are very happy with the purchase.
Could not be more satisfied. Filled the need for being able to listen to my XM outside my car.
Excellent product, stylish, GREAT sound. A remote control and external antenna are included with this item.  This Boom Box makes it very nice to be able to bring XM Radio on a picnic, out on the front porch or at a backyard barbecue.  Reception is excellent, inside or outside, with the built-in antenna as long as you have a southern exposure (East coast anyway). The external antenna has an extra long cord which works very well when placed near a window when using the radio inside the home. The volume controls and earphone jack are encased in rubber making the unit "water resistant".I wish Belkin had designed a built-in AC adapter, as the adapter that comes with the radio is bulky. I can see myself using this radio on battery power a lot more than using the AC adapter.Needless to say, I am very pleased with my purchase.
The sound of this system is great, the looks will grow on you and is a great value because includes the remote control wich also can be used in the car....A+
Don't judge it by the photo it's bigger than it looks.  I plugged in my Roady XT, turned it to Hair Nation and let er rip.  It has very good sound and is light weight.  You won't be disappointed with this one.
All I can say is I bought this not expecting much.  However,  I have had it on 24-7 since buying.  It is great!  I intend to buy one for my daughters birthday.
i had broken my 1st original satellite, i bought years ago at best buy for 200 dollars,by dropping it on pavement from quite a distance. I found this , it is as good as quality as the original, for only 60 dollars.
Simple Sirius Xact radio home kit. Comes with metal base, adjustable satellite antenna that can be placed on the floor or mounted on the wall, audio cable and power supply. I hood up my PC speakers and works great.
Simple to use.  Siruis radio is even better now that I can listen to it in my home!
This item is perfect for the back of my 2002 CR-V!  It definitely surpassed my expectations!  The cooler section is zippered on 3 sides and makes an excellent spot to store water bottles, cold items from the market, or even leftovers after dining out!  The designers were very smart by putting velcro on the bottom of the organizer so it does not slide around at all - it stays secured to the floor!
Amazing smart antenna that picks up stations it shouldn't.  The range is far greater than what the specifications claim.  I can't believe Sylvania discontinued this model.  Buy one if you find it used.
Smart Antenna is connected to a Tivax STB-T8 DTV convertor box. While designed for outside installation, antenna is small enough to work inside.  Onscreen tuning with STB-T8 provides easy access to all current DTV broadcasts in my area.
This case works perfectly.  It is made from good quality leather and holds it form.  It has a belt clip and functions much better than the case supplied with the radio.  The snaps on the rather flimsy case supplied with the radio are awkward and difficult.  The radio justs slips into the purchased case and stays there until you are ready to remove it. I would recommend this case for protection of your radio investment. The case fit tightly, but it is still quite useable.
The Scosche SEV12 Subwoofer enclosure is an excellent vented enclosure.  The foot print is small and the enclosure is fairly stable in the trunk of your vehicle.  The vented enclosure produces a lot of bass and can easily over power the bass output in your vehicle.  It has built in terminals which make it easy and fast to install the 12 inch Sub Woofer speaker of choice and your ready to go.
The JVC KD-HDR1 is an entry level CD receiver with built in HD Radio tuner that has much more. HD Radio on this receiver sounds excellent. It is of CD quality. Although, the HD signal range is not as good as that of conventional FM. The CD half of the receiver has excellent sound quality also. The built in 7 band eq enables you to pesonalize your sound. You may choose to use one of the preset eq settings instead. The simulated surround sound ads a boost to an already great sounding system. The menu for setup operation was easy to understand and use. The two things that I did not like about this receiver were, the absence of a loudness button for low volume listening, and the clock does not stay illuminated when the unit is off with the vehicle is still in use. All in all, my experience with this HD Radio receiver is outstanding.
It is very user friendly, sounds very well and is the less expensive one with HD radio built in (will tell you singer name and song title while you listen the radio + much better audio quality). Remote control is included and with some more money you can make it play all kind of mp3 player.+++
I bought this radio after owning a Pioneer radio. The sound quality of HD radio is unbeatable. Aside from HD, the radio has great navigation and is very easy to use. I really like this radio much better than my old pioneer. Also, it lights up red which is gorgeous at night. It is really easy to control the subwoofer and it is Ipod ready. My friend Andrew installed the Ipod cord (sold separately) and hooked it up to the back of the radio and slid it through my glove box. Now my Ipod sits in my glove box and I can control the Ipod through my radio! No more fooling around with the Ipod while you're driving. The radio also comes with a very tiny remote control and I must say, it's pretty cute. My new favorite station is one of the HD stations of a channel. For anyone that is having a bit of trouble understanding how HD radio works, I'm going to try to break it down. Basically, let's take a channel that comes in HD. (4 out of my favorite stations come in as HD so it's wonderful.) There will be multiple instances of that very station. When you first tune to that station, you will hear it sound like any other radio would play it while the HD gets ready, then in a few seconds the HD logo will light up and the sound quality will dramatically improve. Then, let's say that station has a song you don't like or has a commercial on...switch to the other 1 or two channels on that very channel, HD-2 or HD-3 of that channel. So you press the red "up" arrow or "down" arrow and you're suddenly listening to a channel you were unable to get on your normal radio. Most of the time it's the same kind of music, but one of my favorite stations, for example, is a rap station normally, but one of the HD channels is a news program and the other is a techno station.I really can't imagine going back to not having HD now that I have it. I didn't think I'd have a use for it, but I really do. Even if you don't get this radio, get HD. It's worth it.The pros: beautiful, high quality sound, great HD experience, awesome price, nice controlsThe cons: The remote can't switch between your preset stations, it only allows you to "seek." No graphics.The bottom line: For this price, you can't get a better radio. It looks great and sounds great, and the HD is an added bonus.
The unit is great.  About a month ago, I upgraded to it from the stock stereo in my Grand Cherokee (all other components are stock) and even the difference in the sound quality of a CD is amazing.  Once you turn the HD feature on, the difference is impossible to miss.  It isn't quite CD quality sound, but it is certainly a noticable improvement.  Everyone who has ridden in the car has been impressed with it.All that being said, the multi-cast ability of HD radio is my favorite part of it.  I don't like listening to morning shows, so the multi-cast is nice as I can flip over to the "hidden" (HD2) station and listen to just music.  The HD2 stations also seem to have fewer commercials, though I haven't exactly counted them to check that statement.The price is the best I found as well.  I looked around the internet for several days before I choose this unit.  Most of the other HD radios I found were "HD ready"; aka you have to buy an additional tuner to be able to use the HD function.  This one comes with the tuner built-in and is well under 1/2 the cost of any other "built-in" player.The installation was no more difficult than a normal radio installation.  If you can do it yourself, I recommend it to save a couple bucks.I only have 2 "issues" and they are certainly not enough to take the product rating down at all.1) The unit gets HOT.  You can feel the heat radiating from behind the dash after it has been turned on for 30 minutes or so.  That being said, it has not affected the performance in anyway...yet.2) The display isn't the best I've seen. I would have given the unit the ability to display the time simultaneously with other scrolling text.  You have to keep switching the display based on what you want to know.  Switching is easy though, one button cycles through the options.
I was searching around for another car stereo since the one i had in my car went out. After looking online, I finally came accross one that fit my needs. I received the order about 1 week after placing it online. I've been very satisfied with this product and will continue to purchase products from JVC.
This is the most affordable built-in HD radio on the market. Very easy to install into your car, and very easy to use once installed.  HD works flawlessly, and HD-2 channel support is great! The sound on this thing is amazing, you get preset and custom EQ settings.  MP3/WMA cd playback is a huge plus. All cd/radio text is displayed, so you always know what the name of the song/artist you are listening too.Since I have bought this radio, I look for excuses to drive, just so I can get in my car and listen to this radio. 5 stars, excellent radio.
I went shopping around and compared the JVC to the Kenwood and the Alpine radios with builtin hd tuners. The Kenwood radios biggest problem is you have to activate the satellite radio to use the radio. The Alpine radio was the cost. For the money the JVC KD-HDR1 provides all the features and versatility to make it the best radio for the price and for the capabilities it offers. Once you listen to High Definition radio you will not enjoy regular FM broadcasts again. Alot of stations are going to High Definition radio. I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone who wants a good sounding radio without paying for satellite to get it. The surround sound it offers is even a better enticement and the EQ settings will make it worthwile even on a stock system without a amplifier.
I have always had simpler radios so it took me a little while to get used to the controls but they do make sense.  HD sounds great unfortunately my favorite stations are not HD.  I ripped several cds and made a data disc of the wmas.  I can have hours of music this way and the arrow buttons make it easy to navigate the disc.  Newer cds have disc info but it is better when I make my own data cd as all the info shows up. Sounds really good HD stations are especially clear.  I dont have a sub in my pickup but I think it would make the sound even better.  My son and brother own this same radio.
I purchased this radio when WABC-AM started running IMUS in the morning. I needed to go back to FM and why not try HD. The unit was easy to install. The only problem was that I was caught by surprise by the antenna connection in my car. With a converter all was well. The JVC has EXCELLENT sound, plays MP3 CD's flawlessly. The CS Dolby 5.1 emulation is astonishing on MP3's and most HD stations. The commercial free multicasts are as close to XM or Sirus as you can get. Sound quality is just as good as the BOSE system in my dad's Caddy.I am VERY happy with the quality, sound and ease of operation. It would be nice if it had a USB port where I could use an MP3 loaded flash drive. Good price, great sound, true value.
I'm no sound system expert, but this receiver made the stock speakers in my car sound better.I installed it myself. Very easy to use. It'll take you 1-2 hours to learn about the useful features; for me thats playing mp3 cds, switching to different sound modes, and listening to the HD radio(really does have mp3 quality sound) via the presets for different stations. I didn't have to do anything in particular to utilize the hd, it was a matter of whether or not a station is hd compatible, if it is then the receiver will automatically take several seconds to switch to hd mode.
The remote is too small. I guess they want you to carry it on your keys. I threw mine out. I use the old one from my last car stereo (same maker) and it works great, even has a holder for the car.
This radio does it all. The HD sounds better than FM, although the FM sounds better than any other radio I've heard. Nice small remote. Great value for the $$$. Poor instructions for installation is only flaw.
I have owned this radio for about 4 months now, and I love it! I purchased it solely to see what all the hype was about HD radio. This unit was the cheapest one I could find, and one of the only ones I could find that had HD radio built it to the unit. Well anyway, HD radio is great! Where I live most of the stations are HD now and most of them have an HD2 station so now im basically getting double the radio stations and they all sound like CD quality. This deck also works well with your ipod and mp3 CDs.VERY happy with this purchase and I suggest it to anyone looking to experience HD radio and not hurt your wallet.
The radio arrived in a couple of days and works fine.  I could not be more pleased with the over all transaction.
Over the past month or so I started to listen to podcasts while driving to work. The trouble is on a audio cd format your limited to 80-90 minutes. It was a pain if it was say cut to four tracks of twenty minutes and if ones just a hair above it wouldn't fit. Then I also heard of hd radio...I live more in a rural area...FM is good but has some static...some AM comes in well at night.This was a perfect fit. A large chunk of FM near me is in HD...and I can get about a dozen or so HD 2 stations I wouldn't normally get. There's a few AM ones as well but due to highpower at night (nightwave) it's on during the day. If you get out of range on a HD1 station it reverts back to analog...if your on a HD2 it cuts off since there is no analog stream of it.On FM you can somewhat hear the difference...it's definatly clearer...AM is VASTLY improved. It should also be noted that it would help to manually go though the stations to see if they are hd because not everything that iBiquity lists is complete..I receive about three stations from RI that aren't even listed yet...for a small amount of time it tried to get a HD Am stream from NYC! Range varies on the stations.For the mp3's they play very well..giving some of the text ID information (hd radio stations can (but not always) give track and artist information as well as some station information...one tries to give some weather but it's still a work in progress).Also this piece of equipment is pretty technical...the surround sound can be manually adjusted and the steps for it can be set for USA or s.central america or EU..to note if you adjust it to EU it won't work right with Am tuning since it's in steps of 9khz vs 10 khz..It also leaves open if you want to a kit to add sirus or xm...All in all I think it's excellent...
I was having trouble with reception on a couple of my favorite stations in the Los Angeles area and being too cheap to spring for Satellite service, I read the previous reviews of the JVC KD-HDR1 and thought it might be what I needed. I got the impression that the less crowded HD frequencies could help my reception issues so I gave in and bought one. I am glad I did. The reception on those trouble stations is now great. Sports talk on AM stations sound like good FM and my favorite-but weak-FM station sounds like I'm listening to CD's. It comes in and out of HD a little in some parts of town but then again, I am on the outside edge of this station's range. Of course this is just in my humble opinion-since I don't claim to be any kind of audiophile. I also liked the fact that this unit and the i-Pod adapter cost less than $200 delivered. Again, I am cheap and wasn't going to spring for the Alpine HD unit that is well over a thousand bucks even though I am an Alpine fan. Back when I was young, single, and into spending money on car stereo equipment, I used to think that JVC wasn't cool enough for my ride. I definitely don't think that now.
I just purchased and installed a KD-HDR1 in a 1996 Camry and I couldn't be more pleased at how it sounds.  Right now, there's a $40 rebate being offerred on all HD radios until 7/3/2007 (see [...]  With the rebate, the deck came out to about $129, which is less than the price of most *non-HD* radios!HD radio definitely lives up to its reputation for delivering near-CD quality sound.  Also, many stations broadcast additional, commercial-free (similar to satellite radio) music on the "HD2" channels.  Best of all, it's all free!The sound quality of this head unit is superb.  The SRS surround options make a HUGE difference in how this deck sounds so I encourage buyers to play around with it to optimize the sound for each individual car.As others have mentioned, the only gripe I have about this head unit is that you can't save the HD2 channels in the presets.  You have to go to the main HD1 station and then manually switch to the HD2 channel.  This is probably the most annoying feature of the deck.  If you could save the HD2 channels, I would seriously give this deck 10 stars out of 5.
I pruchased this deck to replace a worn out cd player in my car.  I really enjoy the clarity of the HD radio, but I do live around a city where I here HD signals are more readily available.  I have not taken it into rural areas where I hear that signals can be hard to acquire.  The cd clarity is as good as I need it, but I am not a really a good judge of quality sound.  I just want a player that is clear and easy to use.  I also like the optional ipod adapter which makes playinghte ipod in the car easy, and allows me to keep the ipod in the glove away from prying eyes.  The only feature that I have not found useful yet is the remote.  In my car the radio is not so far away as to necessitate a remote.
Not exactly everything I hoped for, but good enough for the money. You get bunch of new channels, plus it has no problem with mp3 etc...
Standard installation, standard radio controls, figured it out before I had a chance to read the owner's manual.It'a amazing to hear the difference HD makes. With this radio you tune in your station, initially it picks it up in Standard Definition (SD), if it has High Definition (HD) content a little HD icon pops up. It then switches to HD. If the station has alternate programming pressing "Up" on the selector knob will go to the next channel that the station broadcasts, HD-1, HD-2, and so on. HD stations also broadcast their call letters so the radio will display the station as "KWMU - 90.7".This really a revolution in radio, I'm late to join the revolution, but I'm sold on the technology.Also, the CD player works great.Please review your local stations and wikipedia before buying to see if the technology is right for your needs and location.
jvc kd-hdr1 cd receiver was a great gift. my son just loved it. it was very easy to install.
I purchased the KD-HDR1 for my 1993 Chevy P/U and it was a breeze to install with very easy instructions, the controls are easy to understand and it does everything advertised as it relates to HD reception, etc.  This radio is very adaptable and supports tons of extra media devices.This is a great purchase at a very affordable cost.
I purchased this HD radio for my boyfriend for Christmas.  It was easy to install, and he is very happy with it.  I would highly recommend this radio.
My wife has a 2002 Civic EX sedan, which came with a CD and a cassette unit. For the past couple of years she has struggled with both CD and Cassette, especially ejecting them. She mostly uses each for "books on tape". Lots of good deals around on cassette books on tape! Anyway, when we came around to replacing the unit, we found this JVC model.Pro:- Nice looking unit. The exterior is shiny black; I would have preferred matte black, but this is OK.- Excellent sounds from the stock speakers. It was easily twice as good as the Honda radio.- Very nice equalizer, with several built in profiles and three custom profiles. You can pretty much change the sound any way you like.- We don't use these features, but the unit will connect to a CD Changer or a satellite radio. Note that there is no Satellite radio in the unit itself; your vehicle must have a separate satellite radio for this feature to work.- Aux input can be connected to an MP3 player, and the unit fully supports folder operations & etc for those external inputs.- The unit can be connected to steering wheel audio controls on some vehicles.- There are a lot of customizations possible using the built in menus.- Pressing the ON button when the radio is already on will "subdue" the sound, so you can answer a phone or whatever. However it does not stop tape or CD playback.Con:- OK, what were they thinking - the volume control on the RIGHT side of the unit? The driver is generally the one changing volume!- The controls are a bit unusual. The On switch is a small button on the upper left. You have to hold it to turn the unit off. Also, all those nice customizations are controlled by a small button the left, a small button on the right, and the tape/cd FF/REWIND button. It takes some study of the small manual before you get the hang of how to use the system. Also, the manual has several menu options listed that are actually optional (like satellite radio menus) - it is noted below the diagrams, but it really should be documented more plainly. In other words, the actual unit will only present menus for items that are connected (like the Satellite radio), but the manual has the full set of menus displayed. It left me looking for menus that did not show up on the radio setup screens!- We had to buy a separate "Civic mounting kit", and some cables. I had it professionally installed, and the shop had both items in stock. It added about 30 dollars to the cost.- The clock is too small. In the daylight it is a bit hard to read the time, even when the contrast is set to it's maximum setting.- OK, it's not really a fault, but the unit has some "hip" features that didn't really interest me. For one thing it says "Welcome" and "See You" when powering off and on. For another, most of the audio graphs that are displayed are just plain strange; long streams of dashes, for example.Conclusion:Cassettes are going the way of the dinosaur. If you want a replacement unit, you might want to act soon. Despite the list of "cons" above, I highly recommend this unit for it's sound output and basic functionality.
Not many Cssette/CD players still on the market but this unit has it all.  I rated it five stars primarily because it had everthing I was looking for in a car stero system player.  It is attractive as well and fairly easy to install. I chose to have it installed professionally. I enjoyed it while I had it.  Gave car away to family member now his the one with the smile on his face.
Bought this for my boat and it is a great unit.The only problem is I have not found a way to pause either the cd or tape.You have to stop both no pause .Other wise I do like the unit.
I have a '93 Toyota Celica convertible and the amp died. So because the factory radio was missing some knobs and the cd player and cassette were on their last legs, I decided to go ahead and replace it. I bought this JVC unit because it fit the car and had all the features of the original unit (and then some)with the exception of an external amp. I also bought 2 new rear speakers because the old ones were pretty shot. The unit was installed in August.We only drive the car in the summer so we didn't get a chance to use the new stereo very long. But now we are back to driving the car and I'm just getting used to the stereo again. I had set the equalizer  so that I could have a custom sound with more bass. Without the external amp, the stereo is not as rich as it could be. It was a necessity with the factory stereo, but with the JVC, my custom setting works pretty well unless I turn the sound up too loud, in which case the speakers distort.What I really like about the JVC is the external plug in which I can plug in an MP3 player and even my phone, which can store and play music. I also have an XM radio which is powered by plugging into the cig lighter and the sound is produced out of the stereo by using a cassette adapter. Although the JVC has an optional satellite radio adapter, I just use the aforementioned method thru the cassette player which works just fine. (Besides, we can take the XM radio out of the convertible and use it in our other cars with cassette players.)The unit sticks out a little bit from the dash but it appears to be designed that way. The unit includes a cutout piece of plastic that fits around the outside perimeter of the unit to give it a finished, built-in look. I think it looks good in my car. It has quite a few features so it does take some learning time to get comfortable with it. For a replacement stereo, I'm very happy with it.
Looks great, fairly simple to install, easy to operate.  So glad I made this purchase!
Because of its bulging head shape, it doesn't fit into the cigarette lighter in the front seat because the ash tray right next to it is in the way. But it does fit into the side window cigarette lighters just fine. When plugged in, it has a red light that comes on and a faint buzzing sound. Didn't work at first, but then I notice that I didn't plug my laptop all the way in. It's difficult to plug it in with the adapter in the lighter, but if I plug it into the adapter first and then plug the adapter into the lighter, everything works fine.The adapter is not merely designed for Dell laptops. Anything that takes a regular plugin will work, two prong or three prong appliances that use under 150W of electricity.I am happy with the product and will recommend it to anyone.
I purchased this after typing my report from the Inland Empire to San Diego. I had an online class and I needed to send my work before we entered Mexico. My battery died just as saved my work. I needed to have a wireless connection and the computer would just shut off. I had to park in a parking lot of a superstore and unplug a kiddie ride to charge my notebook enough to send it. I bought this adapter and I am very happy with this product and have yet to run out of battery. Also, it is an AC adapter that plugs into your lighter...you dont need to plug in a notebook, how about an electric cooler, or a recharger for your kids' batteries from their handhelds? WARNING: It has a small whirring internal fan to prevent it from overheating, not loud at all. Second, some smaller cars who have very compact cigarette lighters might have a problem plugging in.
I got this receiver for my 2007 Honda Pilot.  It arrived quickly and looked exactly like the picture.  The product was in perfect condition, and fit like a glove in my car.
There are very few double DIN players out there.  This is one of the even fewer with adapters for bluetooth, HD radio, satellite, MP3 CD, USB pen drive support and a decent screen that doesn't look like an 80's calculator.PROS: The volume button feels good, the controls are relatively simple, its sounds as good or better than the stock radio from my 2006 Altima, the Rock preset equalizer setting is pretty good.  Bluetooth adapter is GREAT, it sounds good, mutes the radio and answers the phone from my pocket...ah technology.  It can even tell you the battery life of your phone and how the phones reception is.  The animations are nice when you change inputs, USB support is GREAT and the MP3 CD player treats each folder as a disc and reads all the MP3 tag info and displays it for you.  It also reads radio channel info off analog stations (RDS I think) and tells you what song and what channel, which is nice.  The G-force/stopwatch/horsepower meters are neat, but completely unnecessary.  It has an Attenuate button rather than Mute which I prefer, if i wanted MUTE I would just turn it off...same thing.  Lots of FM presets, 24 I think? 6 AM...but who uses AM anyways?CONS: There is a little bit of a learning curve on the more in depth controls but they aren't bad at all.  It looks pretty good in the dash, I wish the lights were changeable (to organge or red) but it isn't super bright so it looks ok.  The little joystick thing feels frail, it works fine now but I don't know how well it will hold up to 7 or 8 years...  Since the lights aren't REAL bright it is a little hard to see in the sun but not too bad.  To enable manually dialing from the headset to your phone you hold mute for 1 sec, however, you cannot do this with the remote even though it has a mute button on it...so you have to hold the mute on the deck, then dial with the remote...that is annoying but this is still a neat feature.Overall, HIGHLY recommended, the best dual din stereo I have seen that didn't have 100 features that no one really needs (DVD, HUGE LCD...etc).
The previous reviews below on Amazon were written in 2005/2006. Sirius is now running clearance on this radio/speakers for a very low price. I just got my S50 w/executive speakers and both items far exceeded my expectations. The speakers are not 'tinny' in the slightest; in fact, they are full and strong. The player is light and easy to use. And the music is the best part. If you are new to satellite radio, this is a great product to buy (especially at the current prices!)
Big sound, small little system, if you still rock a Sirius S50, then you should definitely get ine of these.
I bought my S50 Executive model in 2009.  Additionally I purchased the lifetime subscription. In 2010, I moved to Mexico and brought it with me.  The equipment has never failed to provide enjoyment, information, or value.  While the speakers are OK, I found that connecting a powered set of speakers to the headphone outlet of the speaker system enhances the audio output and quality tremendously.  When I bought the system and the subscription, I lived in a remote area and didn't anticipate moving.  I wasn't interested in television, but wanted a reliable source for news and a variety of music.  Now that I live south of the border, the news broadcasts are invaluable, the music selection is even more appreciated, and the ability to "come home", even if only aurally, is priceless!  The initial cost of the radio and the subscription were on the surface a little expensive.  Since I don't have to worry about online payments, or loss of service, the cost seems inconsequential.  I spent twenty years in the US Army, and wish this sort of thing had been available then.I'm retired and I spend a lot of time on my patio, and covering the radio with a big baggie to protect it from the elements is all I have ever done for it.  After two and a half years of use, it has never failed me, and I anticipate years of use from it.
I've got two 12"Rockford Fosgate Punch stage 3 1000w dual voice coil subs in the back of my jeep wrangler and sadly I sold my Rockford fosgate 1000w X2 amp. But with this amp I found here holds up STRONG for these subs and the 1farat cap. and I purchased it close to 3 years ago. It's working still strong and my subs are also banging strong. A+ for all aspects of this item.
The boombox is a great investment.  It really lets you listen to Sirius wherever you are.
LOOKS GOOD AND WORKS GREAT IN THE HOUSE OR OUTSIDE. YOU DON'T NEED A HOME UNIT IF YOU HAVE THIS UNIT. NO REMOTE WITH THIS UNIT BUT THE REMOTE WITH THE VEHICLE ADAPTER WORKS WITH THIS BOX.
I was a little put off by the word "boombox."  The last boombox that I bought had a dorky plastic handle and a dual cassette deck.  Needless to say, things have changed.  I listen to my Stiletto constantly and keeping the batteries charged has been an issue.  The boombox charges the battery as I listen.  The other big advantage to this product is that it is light and easy to carry to the area of the house where I plan to listen.  There are recessed spaces that function as handles on either side of the speakers.I was worried about the controls because I couldn't find a picture of the buttons on top before I bought it.  The buttons are very small and all of the functions that I need are there.  If you love your Stiletto, this is a must have.
THis is a nice boombox for the Stiletto, looks cool, sounds good and is very loud with good bass. If you have a Stiletto1 do yourself a favor get the Slbb2 boombox for a couple extra bucks. You can use both the Stiletto1 and Stiletto2 with it, so when your SL1 kicks the bucket and they stop making it, you upgrade to the SL2 you can still use your boombox.
This system works awesome in the office. Gets a great signal for Sirius and the sound is great. No problems with this at all. Very nice to have to get through a long work day and listen to my Sirius radio.
We love this!  The sound quality is great.  We bought it for our sirus radio, we don't have an Ipod so I don't know how it sounds with that.  We haven't mounted the anntana yet, but we will.  Love this product!
This is an outstanding sound system that I have used for about a year with my Sirius satellite radio. The sound quality is amazing!!
First, I'm not sure why Amazon has it for over $100.  I paid only $55 at Fry's.  I used to listen to Howard on Sirius through their website at work until the Sirius website was blocked.  I was in a pure state of panic until I found this unit.  It now sits on my desk and I'm again able to listen to Howard all day.  The antenna also sits on my desk next to the unit, about 10 feet from the window.  The signal is absolutely crystal clear!!  Much better reception than what I get in my car.
I bought this for my husband for his birthday. He's a gadget lover! He loves this system! We have both Sirius & an ipod. It works great with both. We had a small cookout w/ some friends & used the system w/ our sirius radio. It worked great. The sound quality is good & we don't have a problem picking up a signal anywhere in our house!
When I bought these speakers I didn't know that I can use them for my iPod as well as my Sirius radio.  The sound quality is great.  It comes with everything you need to use your Sirius radio at home.  The remote works with both the iPod and Sirius.  It can be used as an alarm clock too.  I really love this speaker system and would recommend it to anyone.
This sound system is great, I purchased my first from a retail store and paid over $100.00.This product came and it is as good as the store bought at a 1/3 of the price. Very happy with the product and I recommend the refurbished product
After getting a Sirius radio for Christmas I wanted to find something to listen to it indoors as well.  I searched around for a while and finally came across this product.  I love the sleek style of the device and the ability to use this for both the Sirius radio AND my Ipod as well.  The ability to use this for both devices would give it 5 stars but I have not experienced any problems with the reception indoors like the other reviewer.  I have this on my computer desk where I have problems with cell phone reception but am able to get reception without a problem - I was actually shocked that I didn't have to move the antenna around a lot before I could get it working.
Easy to use product at a great price.  Good sound from a small unit.  I liked how it fits all portable and pulg and play Sirius radios.  Another nice feature is it takes any Ipods as well.
My husband had a sportster boombox that his replaced.  Great sound, added feature of clock is nice too.
I priced this itme in stores and could not believe the savings buying this item through Amazon. It is great for placing your Sirus radio on. I was also amazed at the quality of the sound system built in. It is small enough to place on an end table and works great. For the price you can't beat it. It works great. I would recommend this product to anyone with a Sirus radio.
I was looking for a system that would play my sirius radio and my ipod and i came across this. I read a few reviews and almost everyone had great things to say. The ones who were unhappy were the people who said they were not able to get a siginal.This thing was easy to figure out how to work. And i dont have any signal problems at all. I made sure the antenna was facing north (as the directions say) and put it on my window.The sound is great! I was not expecting it to be this good.
Before I bought this product I was wondering if it sounded great. The sound is really good, deep low sound that would compare to good large speaker worth hundreds. Many features, easy to use and it's footprint is very small. It work's whit Sirius radio, IPod, Line in (1/4 plug), Aux in (1/4 plug) and USB (to connect your stilletto).One other great feature is that there is a auto on/auto off that acts as an alarm. You may set the radio to open at a certain time each day or one timeand set sound level at startup. You can set The only complaint I have is that if you have, like me, a Stilletto and a Sporter replay you need to unscrew two screws, remove the dock for the Stilletto, change from right to left the connection pins, put the dock for the Sporter then screw back the two screws. In the end I stop screwing back the dock and the connection pins each time I had to change between the two. If you do this, you need to be carefull when installing the radio on it's dock. WOULD RECOMMEND
I bought this as a gift for my son and the sound quality was better than expected. It's a great accessory to the Sirius Sportster 5!
This is a great sounding and excellent all-around product. It sounds stellar, even for its diminutive size and extraordinary thinness. There are extra inputs, two actually, for your other audio devices. Switching to these inputs is done by pressing the central selector button on the front. It's a snap. Volume control is digital but it works fine. Blue display is pleasing to the eye and not too bright. (One glitch is that the full-featured, well-designed remote doesn't seem to be compatible with my Sportster 5 radio. Using any button on the remote unintentionally changes the channels on radio.) If you have a Sirius radio, the Soloist is a top choice for a compact, home-based platform.((Dr. Simeon Hein is the author of OPENING MINDS: A Journey of Extraordinary Encounters, Crop Circles, and Resonance and PLANETARY INTELLIGENCE, the music CDs OPENING SKIES and DANCING MAN, and is a regular satellite radio listener.)
Great product and arrived in the described amount of time!  Couldn't be happier with the outcome and would certainly purchase from them again.
Before I get too into this review, I would like to say that this review is about the Soloist Universal Sound System, not the Sirius Service nor about my reception (this rocks for me, but your mileage may vary).. Thanks, now on to my humble review.I received the soloist to go along with my Stiletto 100, and was immediately put off by the skinny speakers.  I'm used to having big sounds from bigger speakers, so when I saw these little things, I really expected a tinny, treble sound.  I was wrong about this.  Maybe it doesn't have the power to shake your house, but it's got a full, rich sound that works well for everything from metal to talk radio, with more than enough volume to fill my room, and, if I remember right (I'm not looking at it right now) but I believe it's got a line out to power your monster system.  The Stiletto fits in with a small plastic bit that covers the bottom of the unit as well as holding it in place.I don't particularly care for the small plastic bits, and I'm sure if I *HAD* to, I could find them again, but they're so easy to misplace..If I had an iPod, I could connect it to the Soloist, but I don't, so I haven't, but it's nice to know that I can (if you want to send me an iPod to "test" I'll happily do so, but can't guarantee that you'll get it back, call it a donation, I'll agree with you)Anyway, it's also got a line in, and that works nicely for another mp3 player, or, like me, to test an XM radio before I gave it to my dad.It's also got an alarm, that I've used on a few occasions, and it seems to work well (I haven't been late for work due to the alarm, just my laziness, and obsession with writing reviews for Amazon instead of getting ready for work).Overall, I'm very happy with the unit, and more than a little suprised by the quality of the sound of the device, and would recommend it (and have) to anyone who's got a radio or iPod that fits it.
Am very please that this vendor still carries products currently discontinued by Sirius Satellite Radio. Price is or was probably less  expensive through this merchant then if I would havepurchased it through Sirius.I plan to purchase additional items in the future from this merchant.
Very happy with the product through I wouldn't get one. It arrived on time and it's working great may order anther one.
What can I say - it worked!!  Maybe you can describe in more detail how wonderful it was but I just don't have much more to say to describe a working battery.
I just finished my 3rd summer with this RF remote unit and have yet to have any issues or complaints.I did have to replace the batteries back in June after 2 summers use. I recommend this if you can find new or used.
I bought this for my wife since she often wants to control the radio from anywhere in the house, and this works great for this since the radio remote is RF, not requiring line-of-sight as IR remotes do. What is also great is that the information about the station and song are on the LCD display of the remote. You can also program the remote to control the stereo that it is connected to via an IR output. Once you do so it will automatically turn it on as well as select the correct input whenever the Sirius radio comes on.The reception with the supplied antenna was not that great for us, as the Sirius reception does not seem as good as our XM was, and it would very depending on the time of day. I solved this problem by purchasing the Sirius outdoor antenna and mounted it on the roof. Now the reception is great all the time. If you are going to get the outdoor antenna you better think about getting the antenna extension cable as well, as the cable that comes with the antenna is only 30 feet long, which wasn't enough for me.
I've been a Sirius listener since 2005 and had been moving an older Kenwood radio between home and car. Purchased the Conductor for home use and I love it! Being able to view the channels on my remote is really neat and convenient. It's like having a radio all over the house.I found the remote to have great range. Actually use it from my front porch, basement, and back deck for my unit that is on the main level of the house. I'm sitting in my office on the second floor of the house while wrtiting this review and scrolling through and listening to channels.Unit does use batteries rapidly as some reviewers mentioned, but I just invested about $[...] bucks in a couple of Sony Ni-MH chargers and 8 batteries and swap out every couple of weeks.Sony Power Battery Charger with 4 AA Ni-MH Rechargeable  BatteriesI did notice that this unit does not seem to have as sensitive of an RF receiver as my older Kenwood units. However, by mounting the antenna outside on the roof edge and pointing straight up, I'm getting 90-100 % signal at all times. My old Kenwood usually did not require outside antenna use.Summary: I love this product and am thinking of buying another just so that I can have more than one remote in the house.
This model works great on our Honda Ultra.  Installed easily.  So fun to have our tunes on bike rides.
love the mounting and how is looks on my handle bars and bike.  Looks better than any other device i have seen.
We bought this for our motorcycle so we could listen to Sirius radio whenever we go on road trips. It works great!
Very clean install -Had to replace the Sirius radio for a newer model and a new mount was required.This mount is greatly improved over the prior mounting system because it hasa backing plate to minimize the radio's lateral vibrations.
I installed this mount on my bike a few weeks ago and went for a ride in the cold New England climate. Worked great, the radio stayed put in place on the mount. A word of advice to future buyers is to cut and apply a thin rubber strip between the handlebars and the handlebar mount so that it doesn't move and slide down when riding due to vibration...
I mounted this item on my Softail Harley.  I was easy.  The kit is very complete.  I put it to the test on a 900 mile ride and it worked great.  I was a little worried about the bracket being out of plastic but it held fine.  I like the fact that the kit also had rain covers for the radio.  I would recommend it with no problems.
It does exactly what it says it does.  The switch to turn off all power is great, so I don't accidentally run down my battery by leaving something plugged in for 2 weeks.  It's just a really well designed product.
This was a replacement for an older unit.  good price, works fine, easily transfers from car to house
Bought this for my son ... also picked up a home kit, an extra car kit, and a boombox specifically designed for the SkyFi2.  The XM web site wouldn't let me add the receiver to my account on-line (the page kept giving a weird error) so I had to call to activate it, but other than that everything has worked perfectly.  My son is a music major and loves XM radio ... he takes the boombox to work (at a music store) and listens to jazz and other types of music all day, then takes the SkyFi2 home where his home kit is hooked into his stereo and listens to music in the evening as well.  One car kit is in his truck and the other will be put in his wife's car.  Chose this over the SkiFi3 after reading reviews, and was able to purchase all of this stuff for only about $125 on Amazon ... what a great value!  If I didn't already have a receiver I would get the same thing for myself ...
Great device. This was a replacement for a unit that had been stolen out of a vehicle.They had already created the SkyFi3 and I did not realize it would work with the SkyFi2 cradle. Anyhow, price was good. The features are fine and it is easy to use. I can't live without my XM.
It is a simple device that provides long service without much maintenance required.  Only occasional cleaning to prevent marine growth.
It's quiet.  I read the other reviews about it is noisy, but not mine.  Mine is so quiet.
Cools my wii down as I play games for a long time. It helps the wii maintain the same speed and not slow down between switching games.
My Wii would always shut down. We had a giant stupid fan pointed at it to get it to work. This works great, never have to turn it on or off since it runs off the wii power and it is quite and compact, fits right in the back. Never shuts down. Love it.
I bought this cooling fan for my wii as it is very hot when I play a while. This cooling fan is perfectly fit for my wii and my wii is not hot now. I'm highly recmmened for the wii owner.
Every time i play Wii i always use this product. My brother said it was a must and i HAD to get it!
i got it in the mail and i was on the wii so it was hot i put it in and 1 min later it at normal temp works great and fast
great cooling fan maintains my wii cool it doesn't get anymore warm like it used to never though this fan was going to work but it does is quiet some people say that is loud and is not loud at all works great quiet and easy to use
I wish these units were still made. I bought the replacement model from Cobra also but they are not as good as these units were. They do not work 10 miles but do work a couple of miles. The ones listed to work 2 miles are lucky to get a half mile.
We purchased this item to be able to listen to music outside and I must say that it works. We listen to music all day and night outside and very convenient for cookouts. Awsome product.
The original units would not work right, I called morotola and they said those? were the deffective ones?  They sent me new ones that work just fine, I sent the old ones back so they could experiment on them, motorola provided post paid return envelope....a good final experience....it pays to go with a name brand that has service department and cares about their customers
Ive had this head unit for about 2 years now in 2 sepperate vehicles its great! The only complaint is the volume knob is a little sensitive some times you go to turn it down and hit the knob which gives you eq modes but you get used to it. I also have the ipod control which is excellent it shows the name of song and controls ipod on the head unit. I also have a pioneer 1200w mono block amp and 2 12" sony xplod subs with sony xplod speakers i couldnt ask for a better sound i love this head unit!!!!
I purchased this mount for my Kenwood TM-281A (Amatuer Radio). It holds this radio quite nicely, actually the mount is over kill. I bought the 9 inch just in case I wanted to cut the size down, I had that option. Over bumpy streets you will notice that the mount does "vibrate" a bit. Most likely due to the 9 inches, but it was necessary in my particular install. I would recommend this to anyone IF you need the height requirement. If not PanaVise has better options.
Use this with MaxSea navigation software.  Very inexpensive and easy to set up, the bluetooth behaves as a serial port for the software.  Acquires signal quickly at the nav station below decks.  Its nice that I can move the laptop around without a cord dangling and I don't need to waste a usb port either.  I would definitely buy one of these again.
NEVER buy another gps device again! well, now that they are in so many phones it's doubtful that many people will have a need to buy a separate one soon, but this works great and has a super long battery life, I've had no trouble with it on various laptops or my windows mobile phone!
I have a Verizon BlackBerry Pearl 8130. The new version of Google Maps that shows one's current location peaked my interest in this. The default Maps version gives a rough approximation of your location by triangulating on the nearest cell phone towers. Although helpful, it can be many hundreds of feet off. I like this feature but wished for more accuracy.After doing some research on Bluetooth GPS receivers, I decided to buy this unit. I've been using it now for a couple days and found it to be very impressive.While sitting in my dining room and using Google Maps, the unit synced up flawlessly and displayed my current location with a blue dot on the map. I zoomed in and was amazed how accurately the dot was placed. I switched to satellite view and continued to zoom in. I then saw my house come into view and, to my amazement, the blue dot was centered on the roof, immediately over the location where I was sitting. Now that is accuracy!The unit is built solidly built. The on-off switch operates with precision and is not flimsy. The charging connector is mini-USB and has a nice positive feel to it. It also came with a car charger and user manual. I found all the documentation online and downloadable. This is a great little unit and I'd give it six stars if I could. At $59.95 it was a bargain.
I purchased this GPS receiver to replace one I purchased elsewhere about 5 years ago.  The description was exact, but most importantly, the shipping was estimated at around 7 days.... I received this item in 3 days!!Great transaction!!I use this while working out of my car...It links up perfectly to Microsoft Map Point 2010 as well as Microsoft Streets and Trips.
I received my Holux 1200 GPS receiver and my purchase was intended to play with the bluetooth GPS capability of my new Nokia E63 phone.  The phone comes with Nokia Maps preinstalled and you can upload maps to your installed memory card.  This enables you to access and navigate around maps without a data connection.  Paired with the GPS and it quickly pinpoints your location.  The 'dashboard' feature enables you to see longitude/latitude, elevation and speed.  I also have installed Google Maps on my device.  The My Position without GPS works better with Google Maps; however, you must have a data connection in order for maps to be downloaded to your phone, thus the 'no connectivity' option is absent.  Google Maps, my phone and the Holux 1200 paired up very nicely and quickly.  With my Holux 1200 I now have dual capabilities and can choose my preferred map application as I choose.The device is simple, essentially you charge the built in battery and you turn it on...no other options.  The Holux GPS receiver is very small...about the size of a pack of juicy fruit.  It also has a mount on the end which would enable it to be attached to a key chain or some other setup (chord for hanging around neck, hook for belt or backpack).  That was ultimately my rationale for choosing this device over the others in the same price range.Thus far, I am very happy with my device.  The price was right.  CE Compass delivered it super quick and my overall Amazon experience was easy and pleasant.
Bought this to pair with a netbook and Microsoft Streets and Trips.  My bluetooth adapter immediately found it and connected (after finding the bluetooth code in the book, it is 0000)It finds satellites quickly and updates quickly.  I have it sitting under the radio in my truck and even without a line of sight view of the sky it maintains 9 satellites on average.  The tracking is great, Streets and Trips allows you to trace where you have been and it maintained a perfect trace of my route for the entire day, no wacky glitches or bouncing my position around at all.Can't comment on the battery life since I just leave it plugged in to the car adapter, but just the fact it has a built in battery is nice.This unit only comes with a car adapter but it does seem to stay powered off a regular mini USB connection.  It DOES NOT provide data over the USB, so consider that when buying.
Purchased this on Amazon (through buyGPSnow).  Very quick shipping I might add.  Bought this to temporarily replace my Garmin GPS10x that I used with my HTC Touch and Mogul phone.This GPS gets a signal very quickly.  After using this for a few days, I can see that I will use this much more often than I thought.  I owned the very tiny Holux 240 receiver and it was ok - but way too small.  I ended it losing it too many times.  The M1200 is a little bit bigger and feels more rugged.  The big positive is that my first charge lasted for over 26 hours straight!  Much better than the Garmin or 240 receiver.I have been brainwashed to think that the Sirfstar III chipset was the ultimate in sensitivity and fast locating.  This M1200 has a MediaTek chipset and I think it works way better.  Driving through NYC, the buildings usually block some of the satellite readings from my old 240 receiver and definitely from the Garmin.  I would lose readings every once in a while.  Not so with the M1200.  I even have it in my pocket and it reads perfectly while I am driving.  That is probably the best feature of this GPS.  Instead of leaving the receiver out on the open so I forget to take it with me, I just leave it in my pocket and have it on.I have been using the GPS using Google Maps on my phone and also paired with my Macbook Pro running Delorme Street Atlas with absolutely no problems.I am extremely happy about this unit and of the great price!
I purchased this for use with my T-Mobile BlackBerry Curve 8320. I'm using it with BlackBerry Maps and Google Maps for BlackBerry.  It is working very well.  The device is about the size of a bic lighter (just a bit thicker).  Satellite reception is amazingly good even inside buildings and vehicles - good enough that it can be turned on and left inside your travel bag so that you don't accidently leave it in a rental car.  Device charges from mini-USB so it is very convenient and includes a car adapter.The included map software seems to be for windows mobile devices so was useless to me, but recommend Google Maps anyway as you can get traffic flow overlay.No problems - just works like it is supposed to.
This is a Bluetooth GPS receiver that works very well with a Motorola Q and Windows Live Search to function as a portable GPS unit. The M-1200 is very small, comes with a rechargable battery, a USB cable to connect to your computer and a car charger with a mini-USB connector (which is the same as my Q charger). It was very easy to setup with clear instructions. The battery life has been excellent, as has the GPS function. Using the M-1200 with my Q and Live Search I can get turn by turn driving directions from anywhere. I don't get a voice telling me to turn, by I do get beeps warning of upcoming turns and the software automatically shows the next turn on the screen. Google Maps also work, but I prefer the Live Search software. $60 for the GPS receiver and free Live Search make for a good alternative to an in vehicle GPS unit. The M-1200 also works with my HP tablet's Bluetooth, but I couldn't get Microsoft MapPoint to work. MapPoint is due for a product refresh though. The M-1200 does not come with any free mapping software, so you need to purchase a product if you want to pair the M-1200 with a notebook or tablet as a portable GPS.
The Holux M-1200 product works great, rapidly locking onto satellites, and is easy to use.  However, the functionality of using a mobile device (Blackberry in my case) to replace dedicated GPS product leaves a lot to be desired.  Turn-by-turn downloadable software is awkward to use and needs further development.  The requirement to be connected to a mobile network creates issues including short phone battery life and missed calls.  I am planning to download and test free GPS logger software for snowmobiling in the winter.  This should allow me to track my location even without access to a mobile network.  Hopefully, in the near future new software with downloadable maps will become available to make using a mobile device even in remote locations more practical.
Great product! Perfect functionality and ease of use! I've not yet used the drivers or so, I just read one page in the manual and now the receiver works perfectly with my Nokia N81! I use it with Nokia Maps and Google Maps applications. Hardware specs are good as well. A wall charger will make this a super product.
I don't feel like paying Verizon $10/mth to use the internal GPS of the Blackberry 8830, so I purchased the M-1200.  IMO it is $60 well spent!The device is small, about the size of a disposable lighter.  It is easily carried in a pocket or on a keyring.  Setup is quick, no problem discovering or pairing the phone and GPS.  Performance of the M-1200 is fantastic.  It gets a GPS lock very quickly.  When placed on the dash it regularly locks onto 9-11 satellites.  Two small anti-skid feet keep the little block from sliding around.The device can be charged via a wall plug, a cig lighter plug or with a common USB-mini cable.  Real-world battery life has been 10-12 hours.
The main goal for this GPS was to work with jailbrake ipod touch 4g and work perfect. not issues at all.Regards
The unit quickly connects to my Android Gtablet and finds lots of satellite signals. It works much better than my older TomTom GPS device.
Finds and locks onto more satellites than my dedicated in car GPS receiver, very small and light.  Can't comment on battery life because I haven't used it for more than 1 hour at a time but the battery is not removable which is about the only drawback to the device.
I purchased this GPS about five months ago and have been using it extensively since. I use Google Maps running on my Blackberry Pearl with the Holux M 1200...your experience may be different if you use different software and hardware.Prior to getting this unit, my phone was computing its location using the signal from the local cell phone towers. In my area (near San Jose, CA), that meant that I was lucky to be within 600 meters of the mapped spot...which isn't too useful for finding your way around. When traveling up the peninsula to San Francisco, the mapped inaccuracy would reach as high as 2000 meters.The Holux GPS solved that problem. My location now shows on Google Maps within 20 meters of my actual spot. (It's usually much more accurate than that) I can now reliably use Google to plot a route to my next appointment, and because the blue on-screen dot tracks my current location, I can instantly tell if I've deviated from the plotted course...not that I ever get lost, but the streets do tend to move around a bit between visits. The phone doesn't read me directions or tell me when I've turned wrong, but I have to put up with that from people; I'll be darned if I'm going to take it from a machine.The Holux M 1200 is also useful when traveling. Unlike a full GPS, which are fairly good sized, the Holux M 1200 is no larger than a pack of gum. You can stick it in your pocket or purse and forget about it. Charging is through a standard mini-usb connector, so you can connect it to your laptop and not have to lug around another power block. The battery life is ok, not great, but it shouldn't run dry if you charge it in the evenings (And it'll easily last a couple of days if you turn it off when you're not using it...).In Summary...it works and it's cheap. What more could you want?
Very fast shipping and arrived in perfect condition and worked perfectly. If your head starts to go down the alarm sounds. Very good safety purchase. The price was unbeatable.
Driver Alert Nap Alarm should be a standard safety installation in every automobile!!!  After my husband totalled our car by falling asleep driving, he will ALWAYS use his ....or not drive!  They are small, lightweight and resemble an older type hearing aid!  Easy on and off your ear!  Never go off in a car without one!!
This DriveAlert product is fabulous!!!  I had tried everything imaginable to keep my elderly mothers head from falling forward and throwing out her neck adjustment when she inevitably dozes off to sleep in front of the T.V. each evening. This neat little unit alerts her to the fact that she indeed is dozing off again and keeps her awake.  Prior to this, she would argue that she never falls asleep sitting up.  Now she knows better and sleeps better during the night in bed as she isn't napping all evening.I did have trouble with her little ears being unable to hold it without falling off.  So I took one of her old sets of glasses, punched out the lenses, and electrical taped it to the frame infront of her right ear.  Now all she has to do is turn it on and put on her old frames.
Works well and did the job as needed! Used to alert an individual when they are falling asleep. Awesome job!
I was surprised when I opened mine to replace the battery to find that it contained a liquid mercury glass switch, but had no warning label. (Is that even legal?)If yours breaks, DO NOT throw it in the trash.I've never fallen asleep at the wheel, but I like driving with this at night, for extra safety. (If I feel sleepy, I pull over somewhere safe, grab the space blanket in my emergency kit, and go to sleep.)
This little gadget is effective and affordable - a must for those who must driveat night.  It really does work.  I was pleasantly surprised because it was soinexpensive.
these are superb. they could save a life  for sure.  I am going to buy more for gifts. what batter way to say I love You by giving a gift that can save their  lives. check them out on www.amazon.com  nap zapper
My wife picked this up for me when I started the graveyard shift.  Well the first week I wore it I was driving home, and you know how you get that feeling that you are awake when really you are just dozing off??  Well I woke up to the Nap Alarm warning me that I was falling asleep!!!If it had not been for the Nap Alarm, I would have definitely been in the ditch with damage to my car...or worse!!!!
this is a funny creative little toy, it can be pretty useful but why not rather not drive when you are sleepy..
I have this unit in our two cars and motor home! I even had two sets shipped to a good friend who travels weekly from NJ to Ohio! When travelling at 60 mph, one consumes 90 ft/sec (equiv to a 9 story building) ... so the hazards of dozing for even a few seconds are enormous! Lane excursions are responsible for over 4 Billion dollars in damage as well as countless injuries, including fatalities every year. I drove tractor trailers professionally and have personally witnessed enough tragedy to recommend this safety device to anyone who drives. The cost is amazingly low too! This is an excellent product!
I was worried when I saw this thing so cheap it wouldn't do much for me. I use a lot of difference appliances when I'm on the road so a splitter is invaluable. It works great! I can listen to my iPod and recharge my cell phone at the same time.
This marine amp does a great job for a reasonable price.  Easy set up but don't forget to buy an amp kit.
What can I say? Spare batteries and charger are always a welcomed addition, but the earpiece (SHOWN) is junk. 5 stars for the batteries and charger, not the earphones.
Battery life is great! I use it for paintball and hunting. Look for my review on the radios, buy the Trisquares, I have tried many other products and these truly are the best. 1000 yards in dence woods with no problem. The VOX kit here works flawlessly.
I bought this to go with my two trisquare radios. My mom lives just down the road and she has one of the two way radios and charger and I bought this extra charger for my two way radio. So far so good. We live in the mountains. I live in the lower valley part and it  works just fine! I wish I had bought the whole set years ago. You can even buy a car charger in case of a power outage and that works too! The extra batteries are always nice too. They have come in handy too! Highly recommend!
Well built, comfy, excellent audio clarity.  Had a question and called Klein and they had amazing tech support.  they have a bunch more that look like they are for police at HeadsetUSA.com, but these work for us!
I work in the movie industry were working on the set being able to communicate silently is a requirement. I bought these being very skeptical of the low price and possible compatibility issues with the rented Motorola radio we use on the set. As soon as I tried these out, I ended up ordering a few more sets. The sound quality is extremely clear even at low volumes. The earpiece does not isolate sound, so you can still here those around you which is a plus for me. You can order an ear bud style end for added comfort. The microphone does not seem like it would be that great but every one I talked to said I was crystal clear even in noisy and windy conditions. The build quality is also very good compared to some of the other products in this price range. I would recommend these to anyone that has a use for them especially considering to buy a comparable set you would be paying $85 or more.
works as advertised.  not much else you can say about it other than that.  would recommend it to others.  no problems.
Have only used it twice so far, but this machine works great. Easy to use, easy to clean, quick heat up, and the recipe book that comes with it makes pizzelles just like my Mom used to make them...!!! SECRET: add some anise seeds!!! Great price, also!
I own several Sirus Satellite radios in my vehicles and in my home.  I already owned an SRH550 home tuner that I was using in one of my home audio systems.  I was setting up another system and was looking for another SRH550, but found that the SRH1000 had replaced it.  It is very similar in function to the SRH550, which I am very happy with.  The SRH1000 was very easy to set up and activate.  I recommend using a Sirius outdoor antenna for best reception, as I do this for all of my home radios.
For the price, this is great.  I bought this to go on my s10.  used it as a door popper, as I have shaved door handles.  The auto start is an added bonus!
This sub is amazing! my first one ever, i am very pleased with it! i wanted something bigger, so i went a bought 2 different 12 inch sbs and they didnt even attepmt to hit as hard as these! the bass is amazing, i turn heads and shake my mirrors to the point yo cant see out of them, great buy! you wont go wrong and to show yo, here is a video of mine,  [...]
I just purchased one of these from Amazon and I have it in a pretty thin truck style enclosure and it POUNDS!!!! Great deal. I dont usually do reviews but I am so happy that I wanted to let the world know.
If you want to kick on a budget look no further, I put away my kicker competition series for two of these beasts. Don't let size and output fool you, I have 12" users turning heads running two of these on a 1000w amp. Install is easy, no solder, they are extremely solid, and produce pristine bass. They look great too.
This stereo has the pre-amp outputs for subs, front speakers, and rear speakers. This is an unusual trate for a stereo that is being sold for so little. There are more functions on this thing than I imagined along with pre-programed sound settings. Not only that, you can program it specifically for your year, make, and model car. It produces great sound quality. Best stereo I have ever owned! I dont think they get better than this. I also recieved it within 3 days of ordering it. You can't beet this. I spent two weeks researching for the best deal....this is it!
Great product. I have trashed all the others I have used. this is the best. takes a beating
The Excelon series is Kenwood's finest.  This stereo gives you USB input, is bluetooth ready and has an aux in plug.  It also comes with a remote and is easy to use.  I highly recommend buying one if you're looking for a reliable USB car stereo for a great price.
very nice deck, sounds great, bought from 6th ave was here in 2 days  totally pleased! controls ipod, great remote, way better than the decks in b buy  etc.. for way less money buy it and use the money you saved for an amp!
I really like this deck for the most part.  Since my car already had one of those optional plastic stereo mounting adapters AND a harness to use factory wiring, installation took less than 5 minutes!  That's where things started to get frustrating.  I've never owned ANY stereo that is so complicated to program!  I suppose that's what I get for buying a deck with so many features.  If you know any rocket scientists, you might want to call one before you begin to go through any of the steps to program stuff.  I still have a few things I can't figure out, but most of it is done.  And the On/Off button totally SUCKS!  Kenwood is so proud of their little red lighted diamond symbol so they should make THAT the power button (didn't they used to in the past?).  A bigger power button, maybe in a seperate color, would be nice.  Now for the good:  The sound quality of this deck far surpasses any deck I've ever owned!  I've owned many Kenwood decks, plus several Alpines, Sony, Pioneer, JVC (yuck!), Sanyo, and several other brands but THIS DECK surpasses ALL others I've owned for sound quality.  I totally love the 3-way crossovers built in, and the HP and LP filters work great!  There is one adjustment (I think System Q or something in that menu) that took me a few hours to figure out (okay, maybe 20 minutes) but once I figured out how to program it, I found I could turn my volume up much louder because my front speakers didn't get the lower and midrange frequencies that were overpowering and distorting them.  In fact my dash speakers began to smile back at me!  NOW it sounds awesome all around.  I bought this deck in December and still have not played ONE cd in it!  Only because I love the front USB port so much!  Heck, every cd I would normally play are on my little flash drive plus tons of MP3 songs I've bought online, so now I'm up to over 2000 songs to play without having to carry or try to hide a case full of cd's.  Heck, I don't even listen to the radio any more!  The USB thing is addicting!  I think the remote is a bit larger than it needs to be (I always liked Alpines small, thin remotes) but it does what is should.  My biggest complaint about this deck is that you can NOT fast forward anything you're listening to from the USB drive using the remote!  I hate this!  All you can do is go up or down in your folders or to next/last song.  Obviously nobody in Kenwood's Designing Departments owns or uses this deck, at least with anything in the USB slot.  All in all, this in an extremely nice deck once you take a few days to get every function programmed.  Can't wait to get my 3 Kenwood amps and my Clarion crossover all installed and hooked up!  So, it's 4-1/2 Stars for this deck, but 1 Star for the bulky, almost worthless remote.  I guess I should be happy with this deck since it only cost me $140 plus shipping.  Had I spent much more I would have probably sent it back and got something less complicated to program or turn on/off.
Love this stereo!EASY buttons (my previous did NOT have easy buttons, menus, settings!) and this is just quite intuitive for the user experience.
If you compare the way this amp prevents water intrusion into the case with the competitors designs in this price range, there is no real comparison. If like me, you have gone through a few so-called marine amps on your boat, and would like one that will last, look no further. It does need to breath due to its watertight design. I would not suggest mounting it in an enclosed location. It does have a very substantial solid aluminum case with integral heat sinks that will get warm with extended runs of higher volume. The amp sounds good, looks good, and most important to me is how well it is protected from water. Great job Boss Audio. Amazon delivered on price and shipping speed as usual.
Top quality stuff, sounds great, well build and expect to last several seasons.  Would buy again and you can't beat the price