I bought this because I was making a video story of my granddaughters first year. Wanted to show the sonogram, etc with a heartbeat as background sound. Even with my computer speakers on 100%, I could barely make out the sound. 99cents totally wasted!
I downloaded these songs and the song titles did not even match the songs. The childrens songs were cute but the adult voices which joined in ruined the few decent songs on the album. Definately not an album you would listen to more than once and some songs you will skip over within the first verse!
I had this album on cassette when I was a child, and decided that I just had to get it again as an adult. But I was greatly disappointed to find more than half of the tracks are different versions from the one I remember. In the original edition, the album was an entire live performance at The Warehouse, bridging the songs with interaction with the audience. But on this version, only tracks 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 remain from that live show. You can hear the audience in the background, and hear the complete absence of them on the rest. The other tracks are fine verions in their own right, but don't belong with this album at all.I'm a huge fan of Fred Penner, and encourage people to enjoy his work, but this version of this album did not meet my expectations.
This product will probably not be used more than a couple times.  The singers are for the most part off key.  I definitely would not recommend this item.
I was hoping to get some nice Jewish lullabies for our new baby and purchased this album via amazon's mp3 download without listening to it first. This CD is a set of cheap synthesizer and drum machine recordings that sound as if they were made by a poor musician in about half an hour. There is zero soul or emotion to the recordings, and I actually find it offensive how poorly the performance is and how bastardized these songs are. I would not even want our baby to listen to this. Avoid these recordings if you can!
I didn't bother to click the preview buttons because I love this album, but try it and you will see what I mean.  You will only receive about 1/3 of the album, broken up essentially randomly (although in order).  The other reviewer must not have played it back before giving this 5 stars.  I can't find any way to complain or get a refund or even a credit towards the cd version.
I listened to it one time.  And then I smoked a ciggy.  It made no difference at all.  I might have done something wrong,  I will try it again later just to make sure.  If you want to waste some money buy it.  I just thought of something funny.  Maybe I will claim I can make people stop smoking and make my own CD.  Integraty stops me.
I was very unhappy with the condition the CD was received.  This was definitely a problem with manufacturing or packaging at the source.  The CD case was fused closed; not the plastic wrap, the hard case. I tried heroically to open the case without damaging it, but was forced eventually to break the hard plastic CD case just to extract the CD.I haven't yet had a chance to listen to the CD.  I hope the quality of the product exceeds the packaging.  Dang, I hope it is playable.
I bought another digital download from this Author.  I really like her, she has a very soothing voice & I was able to load this on my MP3 player, loop it & let it play all night while sleeping.At first it's hard to use a hypnosis recording that has pauses between tracks.  It tended to bring me to a more alert state of mind, wondering if I didn't get the rest of the recording, my player stopped?  After getting used to this, it's BEAUTIFUL!  I really like it & felt a LOT BETTER the next day, after just one night of listening.I'm very impressed by this author!
No offense to the vocalist - but it was awful, could not finish listening to "Dona Nobis" as it made my ears bleed. I would recommend Heavenly Lullabies on Land of Milk and Honey. My daughter sleeps well to it.
I was shocked to listen to this CD which crassly mentions foot fungus, role-playing and dirty sex, a raggedy taxi that smells like dog poop...in the form of a "story".  I want my money back.  It was almost as though someone cut in filthy, scatological phrases, bathroom humor in-between a language CD. It is low-brow and mean-spirited.  And I really do want my money back.  I do not recommend this at all.
For some reason, there are 2 copies of track 1 and no &#34;We Wish You a Merry Christmas&#34; reprise at the end of the cd. You don't have to be a grouch to feel the cd reproduction of this Christmas classic is a bummer.
I got this because my granddaughter loves to sing. I was very disappointed in this &#34;Sing-Along&#34;. They embellished the songs enough that a 4 year-old who know the songs couldn't sing along through the whole thing.
This MP3 recording sold on Amazon is made from a damaged CD. I am unable to listen to the tracks because nearly every track has defects.
This application may be ok, but we never got to find out. If you get at all off track, it is very difficult to find where you are again. My wife was navigating and getting very frustrated. No one should attempt to us this app solo while driving.A simple update letting you know where you should be with cross streets would be great as well as gps integration.
I am giving such a low rating because of false advertisement. This compilation is more like introduction into Nursery Rhythms and it will be very hard to use it to entertain you children. Each track composed of three to five short version of songs. It is not possible to skip or rewind between them. Many of included songs aren't nursery rhythms at all. Don't know who may like it.
GAH! UUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! BLEEEECCCCCH!!!Not good, not good, not good!!!!!!!!!!!Rap is so awful in the first place, but to subject children to it through learning is atrocious! Our minds are altered by the frequencies of music & television, whether positively or negatively. This just made my shoulders meet my ears & cringe. I shut it off immediately. I would never purchase anything like this.Let children be children & let them listen to REAL children's music, not noise pollution passed off under the pretense of being educational. I'm only 30, so my children are younger. I like musicians like Tom Chapin. His album "Some Assembly Required" is good.Stop trying to make them grow up too fast by listening to imitations of the filth that adults listen to. When you have children that grow up listening to garbage music & television (ie: Nicki Minaj, "Family Guy" & the like), it programs their brains (television PROGRAMS) & creates chaos & confusion.I don't think adults should listen to or watch that raunchy filth in the first place, but hey... the entertainment business banks on feeble minded people who wish to mindlessly numb themselves rather than enrich their lives.THEN people wonder why their child is a heathen, does poorly in school due to anger & frustration (frequencies), dresses like a thug or a street walker & won't listen to them. Temper tantrums are just uncontrolled & unguided bouts of anger. Most people anymore don't care to correct (PARENT), but temporarily mask it with a "reward", like junk food, electronics or letting them run wild because they don't want to deal with them. I call it Wal-Mart Kid Syndrome. That child then grows up to be a hedonistic, uneducated jerk of an adult with an undeserving air of entitlement & narcissism because it was never corrected.In test after test of academic abilities, American students score last in comparison with students from the other twenty or so advanced countries. Imagine that!Your thoughts, feelings & actions determine your future. It's called being responsible. We need to get back to the basics... desperately!The degradation of academia & society need no further help from trash like this!
20 words huh?  I was not thrilled with the free application that I had downloaded onto my kindle fire HD.  However, being that I did not have to pay for it, no lose, no gain.  Thank you for trying.
I bought this thinking that I'd be able to listen to this while I was riding my bike. It has the Spanish but not the English. I think it might be helpful along with the book, but is pretty useless alone. Obviously, I'm not going to read the book while I ride. It doesn't mention that there's a book anywhere in the description. You can't just get the CD and think you're going to learn anything from it.
my granddaughter likes only one song on it, and it is just too different and dragged out than other childrens songs.
I bought this to make a CD for my daughter's 2nd birthday party.  With the songs for Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and Fresh Beat Band I didn't think I had to preview it.  The song Payphone is full of swear words!  That is rediculous for a children or teen CD.
I gave it one star because the singing is horrible, there is a deep English accent, and some of the songs were really boring. There are much better toddler song options out there!
Yikes. What the heck is this?My guess is it is &#34;assembled&#34; music using samples of real instruments, but then synthesized using a MIDI programStrings sound like cheap accordions.Then the pacing of this &#34;conductor&#34; is well known. Ridiculously slow - almost twice what real &#34;conductors&#34; would program it at (since it is computer-programmed).Nice deal. Sample the musicians, then you don't need to pay them to actually perform the pieces.