On several songs the kid singers are off-- not in tune and no with the beat. The songs with no singing, just instrumental, are fine.
I expected it to be the full Album...but it is missing some of the songs that go along with the narration, LIKE X-RAY TED!!!! Dang! Not a happy space trucker! : (
this is the only guided meditation i could find for children, but it was much, much too babyish for my 9yo son.  i would say even my 6yo was at the upper age limit for this audience, this cd is suited to the 3-5yo age range, and honestly i don't know many preschoolers who require mindfulness based stress reduction.  i much preferredPlanting Seeds: Practicing Mindfulness with Childrento this cd.
The songs all sound the same. The music is boring and the vocals are monotone!  I feel bad giving this a bad review but the music clips can only let you know so much and I didn't realize how boring these songs were. It's a good idea gone wrong.
The idea of learning geography by singing songs is good, but the music is SO bad.  If you have any musical experience, at all, this disc will leave you cringing.  We're a musical family and we just can't listen to this.  The hokey keyboard effects and terrible singing are just too much.  We did try, though!  The book is good...nice drawings of all of the places.
The music is lovely, but very difficult to use in an actual ballet class. The tracks do not have "preparation" music.
wasn't a big hit with the kids like i thought it would be.  oops.  Bought it for a trip to NYC and my oldest listened to it once and was over it.
I was very excited for this purchase because I teach children. However, when I tried to play the music the songs skipped.
I bought this to play at an elementary school.  I wasn't familiar with a lot of the songs, but I thought they would be appropriate for children since this was supposed to be for kids.  Even though the &#34;popular&#34; songs aren't by the original artists, they also haven't been edited and some have inappropriate or questionable lyrics.  I ended up only able to use about half of what I planned to use.
Not that great only about 2 songs that are good.  I wouldnt reccomend it. save your money for something else
I was hoping for  WHOLE songs What i got  was 2 to 3minute songs. Very disappointed better by something else.
not impressive, just covers -mostly, and not great covers eithereach album has gotten further away from her first good album