This CD is basic Multiplication.  I purchased the CD "thinking" it would have cute rhymes or songs to help my boys "remember" their Multiplication facts.  However it's just simple wording "6 times 2 equals 12."If you are just looking for flash card style of learning...this CD is perfect.If you are looking for rhymes or songs to help your children remember their Multiplication facts...this CD falls short.
my kindergartner loves it my 4th grader... not so much(also its quick, maybe to quick to really have the facts stick.)
I used this in a summer school classroom. Some kids really got "into" it. Others weren't very thrilled. It can supplement a curriculum, but should be combined with other forms of facts practice as well. It just depends on what type of learner the student it. Some are just so uncomfortable that "rappin'" doesn't help them learn at all.
Wayne Gratz has been busy since 1989 when he recorded his debut, Reminiscence, for the Narada label. Since then, he has released several excelling albums that would make many critics short list of favorites. With his contract complete with Narada, Gratz felt this was a good time to release this independent effort. Though a very specialized project, Sleepy Baby Suite is a peaceful, placid and yet very pleasurable endeavor.Back in the late eighties, the Narada label was a success story. It was the burgeoning label that gave the Contemporary Instrumental community a tremendous hubcap to promote their music. While David Lanz, Michael Jones, and David Arkenstone were the major players, equally adept and impressive were the likes of Spencer Brewer, Kostia and, of course, Wayne Gratz. His music was mostly focused on solo piano with minimal embellishments of varying instruments, fleshing out his music though never over the top. Mind you, his third release Follow Me Home came close with several tracks bordering on the smooth jazz genre. It was a surprise, however, it has become one of his preferred visits whenever exploring his catalog. Most recently, he released A Place Without Noise back in 2002 that was in perfect harmony with his minimalist and ensemble approach bringing the best of both worlds according to Gratz.With Sleepy Baby Suite, Wayne has stripped his music down to the bare bones with this highly impromptu project. The very simple lullabies were written within one week while the soft sounds of rain, distant thunder, and gently chirping crickets were added later. Essentially the music is nonchalant and allocated for background purposes rather than for entertainment value. Nevertheless there are still derivative effects of the latter.Prior to the inception of nature's soundtrack, Wayne Gratz opens with the most distinct track called "Prelude." This song could be incorporated on any of his other fine releases. Otherwise, the melody lines on the remaining tracks are less distinct but for a purpose. This album appears to be marketed toward parents of newborns to assist in soothing their child to sleep or perhaps for the parents themselves after a difficult day of parenting. The album is equally adaptable at being a source of relaxation and mood setter for those without children. While "Prelude" is the most obvious composition, there are still enjoyable melodies present on the supple "Night Night Teddy." Better yet, there is the wistful "Dreamy Rains" with its very soft non-intrusive distant thunder and pattering raindrops as the song winds down. A very nice touch indeed. The more obvious lullaby would be "Twinkle" derived from the nursery rhyme "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star." Equal to the task is the spacious song "Blanket Angels." Otherwise, with the exception of the flowing "Snowflakes" and the fluid "Imagination" the melodies become less obvious as the album continues. This sequencing may have been intentional, allowing the listener to wind down and relax from a hectic day. In fact, the album concludes with over ten minutes of crickets chirping sending you off to the soft, surreal, world of slumber land.Wayne Gratz is such a fine musician that it is almost a shame that his music has been subjected to being background music. However, this appears to be the intent of the artist and this does not take away the derivative values of this very specialized independent project. With this in mind, many fans of Wayne Gratz will find this project pleasingly peaceful.
I give this 3 stars because unlike many of the children's lullaby CDs, I like the songs she chose.  I just don't particularly care for Ms. Graff's voice--I found it slightly unsteady, not always in tune, and while I imagine it would be soothing to an infant (my son is past that age!), I found it distinctly NOT soothing for me.
I was raised on those songs so It was very nice to hear them again.  Unfortunately, the singers are not as entertaining as I was expecting but my 9 month old enjoys it.
You might have already guessed from the cover art and samples that this is not the most professional production.  I knew that going in, but still wasn't quite prepared for the degree of weirdness on this album.  The sound quality isn't great - in some cases, the words are incomprehensible, though I do have a lyrics sheet.Some songs, such as Strut King Tut, and the too-short "poem" "Look at my Pyramid" really don't add any helpful information, and one - "Building a Pyramid:  Gary's Funny New Age Story" was just so bad and weird that I had to delete it from my MP3 player so the kids wouldn't hear it and think it was true.It's about an alien named "Oh" who came and used lasers and "rock music" to levitate giant stones to build the pyramids - but he treated his workers right and thus came to be known as "Fair Oh."  Well - you can see why I didn't want young children hearing that as part of their actual ancient history studies.  Ugh.Other songs are more listenable, like the intro song "Gift of the Nile," and helpful, like the Hieroglyphics song, which is somewhat redundant but does a good job of pointing out a few things which were "not invented yet."  The song "Look what came from Egypt" does a good job of synopsizing some modern inventions which are credited to the ancient Egyptians.  And the "Making a Mummy" song is fun - the kids always giggle at the end.Perhaps the best feature of this album are the three narrations, corresponding to the Old, Middle and New Kingdoms of Egypt.  These provide a lot of interesting information in a very palatable "sound-bite" form.  HOWEVER... the name of the two Pharaohs Senusret is misprounced as "sen-SUS-ret" when I believe the usual pronunciation is "sen-US-ret" or "sen-OOS-ret."Nevertheless, with so little fun listening material out there geared to young kids studying this time period of history, I don't regret having bought this CD, and feel it's a useful addition to our homeschool curriculum.
I don't think these songs are the best to use for kids to learn grammar. The choruses are alright, since they're repetitive and the kids can memorize them. However, the lyrics are long and wordy, so the kids definitely have to have the words from the book to follow along. Also, the songs are very clearly written in the 1980's. My students think they're a little silly. I do however, play them just the chorus of a song at times. All my fourth-graders know that pronouns take the place of nouns now!
Not cool enough to keep 8 year old attention. Should be slower and more hip; needs to have more up to date music and play a little slowly.
They worked out just fine to vary the way my 7 yr old learned her math. Between these jingles and flash cards my kid knows her tables thru the twelves, no problem....ready for division.
I think that setting memory work to music is a brilliant idea.  I don't really have any problem with the songs, but the instrumentation is hokey and some of the vocals sound like they are done by the munchkins.  These could be re-done with better production and sound really great, I think.  I'll have to see if my kids can stand to listen to them long enough to learn them; I'm pretty sure I won't be able to!  There is so much great sounding kids music out these days that is a shame these couldn't be better.
The music of Geography Songs is excellent for learning names of countries,the US states, and some other geography facts. The songs are interesting and fairly well done. There are, however, several errors in pronunciation. My kids, right now, are singing along saying "Nee'-paul" for Nepal. The Middle East song is perhaps the worst offender, with "Ee-ran" and "Ee-raq", and their butchering of Qatar doesn't even come close. Granted, perhaps most Americans seldom speak of Qatar, but for songs intended to teach, I expect words to be pronounced correctly.
I am an avid guided meditation listener who is trying to release past life blockages. I found the cd and listen to a sample of one track to make sure I would like the sound of her voice. There is nothing worse than trying to relax to a voice that repels you. I decided that I enjoyed the sample so I purchased it. As I was listening the tracks kept cutting out. Just as my body would go deep into relaxation the track would stop then the next track would begin. The problem with this is, then your conscience mind kicks back in and ruins the relaxation you were trying to receive. There is one track near the end that is roughly 4 minutes, as I listened I was loving what I was experiencing then BAM it cuts out. Although Cheryl has a great voice and the music is soothing, the cd not coming in in one continuous stream sort of defeats and diminishes the full benefits of this cd and what you are trying to accomplish by listening to it!
We bought this for our 6 month old and it was great to help him get to sleep, but now that he's older the songs are a little slow and monotone.
This item is good for simple phrases and basic practice of Mandarin Chinese for short business trips and vacation travel.  I don't recommend this particular item for children because one of the "stories" mentions an activity that in the states is illegal.  I listened to this in the car with the kiddos for the first time and was pretty embarrassed when it mentioned this particular activity.  For an adult it is fine and the section on Accommodations has an unintentionally hilarious progression of words (bathroom, diarrhea, stomachache, pharmacy, doctor, hospital, NOW) that had both me and my husband laughing.  IF you really need to let young kids listen to this then I suppose you could just delete that story section when you burn a cd.
I like the songs on this album for the most part. However, 4X13 is definitely not 54, and the point of buying the album was to help my children learn their multiplication tables. Please fix that track!
good for phone music for the season for kids
This may be one of the greatest spoofs of an album to date... Wonderful take off of the Saturday Night Fever cover With Grover in the white suit.. Ernie, Bert, and Cookie make a wonderful spoof of the Bee Gees pose on the cover... It would be nice if we could buy this album on a hard copy CD so that we would not have to go to I tunes to get the album... The music is solid and fun... Robin Gibb even sings 2 songs on the LP.. Trash is my favorite as well as the opening track...The 3 star is cause the album is not on CD itself.. Kids miss out on the poses on the inside of the cover that Grover does like Travolta... Thank goodness I have the LP...
I really like Susan J. Tweit's work.  She writes an inspirational blog and is currently working on a new book.  So I was excited to download and listen to this CD.  I guess I was expecting something a little less technical, but the selections from her former podcast are enjoyable none the less.
I purchased this CD for my daughter who is in third grade. The songs are catchy and entertaining. My only issue is that the song is really fast, so it can be difficult to keep up with saying the math facts even if you know the facts.
I teach multiple ballet classes everyday and my &#34;go-to&#34; ballet CD was getting stale. I bought this because it has a lot of tracks on it, and is something different. The music sounds like you are at a carnival, and works well for the younger students, who also seem to like it - but for the older girls I am back to my other CD. It sounds almost &#34;Babyish&#34; to me. I don't know a better way to describe it - I'm glad that I have it, as it gives me some more options when it comes to class music - there are a variety of time signatures available, and different tempos - so different exercises work well, especially across the floor work. But overall it's not my favorite, but not the worst either. Glad that I have it.
I bought this for my students that were struggling with Math facts, but unfortunately, my students felt they were not up to their standards of cool.  I thought they were great!  We really haven't had the chance to try them all out.
Still missing some of the songs from my childhood. They must not be politically correct enough for today's kids, even though I want to share them with my child. Also, some of the words vary from the version that you may know. Which won't irritate you until your 3 year old starts to let you know that your singing the wrong words!
Wanted to love this but it is not anything special. There are much better ones out there to download .