I bought this to help him memorize his facts , he likes the beat and music better than flash cards so its a plus
Nice music for the kids.  So many bad cds out there, this one is a good one.
This was very handy to have on my iPod when our son was a newborn. It worked great to stop his tears and help him sleep. Sadly it stopped working once he got older, but I think any trick you do to get them to sleep they will eventually outgrow. It saved my sanity many times in the early months.
We used to go to the wee chant class with Marylee but then I started work.  This is all the songs from class so its great!  Good variety of bouncing upbeat songs and calmer soothing songs.
This is a great app. I used this for my newborn every night. I would definitely recommend this app to anyone who just had a baby.
We actually bought this album in July 2008 and I am just reviewing it now in October 2009.  I was downloading something else, and it apparently triggered a search for this in my old downloads.  This album has 26 songs, but only up through number 12 were downloaded when I bought it originally.  We loved them, and had no idea only half the album had downloaded: until now.  This is not Ken L's problem, but Amazon's!!  We went to listen to one of the second half songs today and found out they were never downloaded.  Now, Amazon says it is too late for us to get the other half of the songs we PAID FOR over a year ago.  Seems very messed up to me.These songs are awesome though, and we love Ken's children's music, and his family environmental music.  When you really listen to his lyrics, they make sense on several levels at once.  besides being catchy tunes that are fun to sing, there is almost always a message about tolerance, growing up and maturing emotionally, the environment, or just plain silly fun.  Thanks for all the great music, Ken.  We adore you.  While you would never "take us to your Cleaner's", Amazon unfortunately has, in this case.
This makes an enjoyable gift for any child of any age. Being personalized makes it that more special. Enjoyable for adults to brush up on song to sing with childern of all ages.
Love the cheerful music; but for a teaching/learning tool, the listener could definitely benefit by a print-out of the French lyrics!
i'm not typically a lullaby fan so i love this collection of hits done lullaby style - listening to sweet home alabama makes midnight feedings less painful :)  most of the songs are well done and easily recognizable while still being soothing lullabies for baby
I like the music and the relaxing guitar.One note: When I download the MP3s from Amazon it had a very low bitrate.  This was my first download so either I did something wrong or it was ripped with a low bitrate.  But Hanan is a great guitarist!
I was born in Hawaii in the early 60's and grew up listening to this album (many, many times!), so it was with great pleasure that I saw it had been re-released to a new generation of listeners.  Even if you don't speak pidgin', listening to just one of these stories will quickly enlighten you as to why Kent Bowman is something of a Hawaiian cultural treasure.  If there is anything else like this collection of "interpretations" of classic children's stories anywhere else on the planet, I'll be highly surprised.  This one-of-a-kind collection should be of interest to both kids and cultural anthropologists alike, so grab it before it disappears once more into the mists of history!
I love the way he teaches basic sentences that toddlers can follow in a fun way.I deducted one star because Pauli's voice is not so distinctive and I couldn't hear his pronunciation very well but loved kids' voices. Totally recommend it!
These songs are working well for my 2nd grade daughter to memorize her facts.  Makes the process much more enjoyable!
Yessir!  Learning by song has amazing long term results.  This is just one of the Troxel items I use for educating my kids (and me too).
My 4 & 9 year olds ask me to play it while we're driving & the older already has some memorized only after a couple tries.
These songs are catchy & really help to get the facts "stuck' in your head!  THis is a great buy!
Using these songs to supplement a homeschool geography curriculum. Music and lyrics are a little old school but it is serving its purpose. Singing and repetition are great memorization aids.
The songs are informative and countries are separated into smaller categories making it easier to learn. I like the songs
What a great resource for kids (and adults!) who are learning geography! Sadly, I made it through my schooling without ever REALLY learning this info, but if I had this as a resource I would have certainly been better at geography. The songs can be a bit cheesy-sounding but they do the trick! On a few songs, they don't follow the map sequentially (side-by-side, that is) and the hopping around can be misleading if you don't have a map in front of you. But, other than that, no issues.My 5 y/o loves music and has some of these down better than my 7 y/o. Though, when I consider how my 7 y/o bristles at the thought of singing at a church pageant, I am left with a big smile on my face when I hear him singing these songs to himself when he is alone.Well worth the money!
After watching some of the States and Capitals song videos on YouTube, I looked on here to download them.  I should have listened more closely to the sample songs, but I assumed that the &#34;Northern Border States&#34;, etc. was the States and Capitals songs.  They are not, though.  They just go through identifying the states themselves by location.  So I pretty much wasted the $ for the set.  Eventually I may use the other songs to learn to identify other areas of the world.  We have used the Continent Song, and that is fun to use while we point to the different continents and oceans.I do like learning by song.  It just wasn't what I was looking for.
As a non spanish speaker, and wanting to provide some musical culture for my kiddos...I love this music...it is simple to learn, easy to sing and it doesn't drive mom crazy like some kids tunes do! Highly recommended....we have a 9 year old, 7 year old and a 1 year old and they all join in and light up when it comes on!
Of course there are several various Christmas albums geared towards children.  This one is not super different than any of the others, but it does allow parents to expose their children to different languages/songs from other parts of the world.  Overall, I am happy with the purchase and my son seems to enjoy listening to these songs!
This product really does help my son get to sleep, something I am very grateful for.  It is fun to hear the familiar music done in a way that is just for him.  Many of the selections are not what you would expect.
This is my second purchase from Pauli album. My 3 year old boy loved to listen his first album and he learned quite a lot.I'm very happy to find I found his second album. Please keep making it! The reason i deducted one star is his album needs a bit of consistency. Love kids voices so distinctive!!!
I find myself using this CD to fall asleep a lot.  Very comforting.  Her voice is so pleasant and relaxing.
Most of the children's cd's that we own are a little on the "upbeat" side.  The music on this cd is mellow, yet still holds my children's attention with the catchy lyrics.  They especially enjoy the Alphabet Sounds song.  It has really helped my toddler learn her letter sounds.  Great cd!
I actually listened to these songs on a cassette when I was a child!  I really like the fact that these are songs are (almost all) educational, as well as being fun to listen to and sing.  Counting (1-30 and by 10's), opposites, manners, letter sounds....I really like every song except the alphabet chant song (and that one I just can't enjoy because I'm too used to hearing the alphabet sung as the traditional ABC song).
I was introduced to this song in a family yoga class (with my 2.5 year old) and immediately loved the song! It is a great song going through the sun salutations! It is little bit fast paced for a kid not yet used to the poses (especially a 2.5 year old who takes time to get into poses to begin with, but we do the bits that we can together and I have already seen with time that she is picking it up). The song is so fun and cheery, and with others going through it, too, it's helpful. The older kids in the class did fine with the pace. A great way to make yoga fun for a kid or an adult!I do recommend finding the video online to watch before following, I would have had no idea what "roadrunner" pose was were it not for the class.
My wife has the record from when she was little.  Got the mp3 for the road and I can admit to listening to it at work.  Classic old school sesame street.Had a little trouble with the download at first but Amazon's customer service did right by me.
I has this one as a child and now wanted to pass it on to my niece. It classic Sesame!
Vocal and instrumental versions of familiar tunes works well for this elementary school educator.  My kids love singing along and moving to the music.
My Mexican-born husband laughed at the pronunciation, but my 2 year old likes the cd, and that's what counts.  :)
What a fun way to learn about the American southwest, and especially about the little mythological fellow Kokopelli. This works especially well if a family with kids is vacationing together in the Four Corners area. And the original native American flute music really brings it all together. This is an audiobook, although it may not be apparent at first.
I like it because it is over an hour long. There is a hair dryer noise that works better on the happiest baby on the block cd, but that recording is only 8 minutes long and there is a very noticeable break on that cd when it is on repeat which makes my baby wake. Unfortunately there is a very noticeable break in this cd too,  but much less frequent and my baby often doesn't wake during it.  I wish it would fade in and out so the break would be less noticable
My 2nd grade students have grown out of the cutesy song stage. But they still love music and learning with it. These songs are much more appealing to my population of students! Thanks! Please make more!
Where is True Blue Miracle and Feliz Navidad?  I don't own this and am interested in purchasing but if it doesn't have True Blue Miracle it is missing arguably the best song on the special.
I desperately want a recording of all the music from "Peter and the Wolf" without the narration, and I have only found two so far.  This recording only has portions, but I find that they are sufficient for my enjoyment, at least for now.  The orchestra plays with full-bodied richness.  I especially enjoy the French Horns' menacing entrance with the Wolf's theme.  Strangely, the makers of this recording decided to fade out the volume during the Hunters' triumphal entry after capturing the Wolf.  I don't know why this should be, since Prokofiev orchestrated a natural diminuendo over the entire orchestra by slowly reducing the instruments.  Instead, there is this strange fading out when it is obvious the orchestra is still playing at full force.  That's a disappointment, but as in the lack of a complete score, my sadness is minimal.Saint-Saens's "The Carnival of the Animals" is also not complete; merely a taste.  Again, however, the orchestra plays very well.  I also enjoy their rendition of Schubert's "Marche militaire" in full orchestration.  There's a lot of power in the performances on this recording.  It may be geared toward teaching small children about orchestral instruments, but there's plenty for the serious listener to hear.
This is a fascinating experiment in healthy eating.  You get a lot of spoken word on this, somewhat whimsical, but all of it true.  I swear, if I didn't like a good piece of steak now and then, I'd be a vegetarian.  You get Julian Lennon sounding like Julia Child in the kitchen.  Ditties about vegetables from Sweet honey on the Rock, Trout Fishing in America and others.  If you're a fan of Brian Wilson's 'Vegetables' or Frank Zappa's 'call any vegetable' you may just find this is your cup of tea.
My daughter was thrilled to have the same songs available for her 3 year old daughter that she had when she was little.  We had the album in the early 80's, but it got lost during moving.  I think I remember all the songs by heart!
I was glad to find this album since my daughter had it when she was little and wanted it for her daughter.
I got this record as a gift when I was about two years old, and have loved it ever since. I've been looking for it on CD forever, and I would give it five stars, but where is the "Wrong Patient" track? It's been substituted for "Rubber Duckie" in Spanish, even though the track is still titled "Wrong Patient."  Very strange. I'll have to dig out my old record and see if maybe there was something about that track that they thought was not PC, and they didn't want to release it digitally. The rest of it is great, though, and brings back many happy memories.
This collection of Joe Raposo's work on Sesame Street is really impressive. The only downside to the mp3 release is  it does not actually have A Little Bit (at the Beginning), which i'm sure people would pay money for, I sure would. Sesame Workshop, please release that song and don't have Take A Breath on there twice.
The LadyBugs are an animated group dedicated to singing and writing children's music. Their goal is to help adults talk to children about difficult subjects like child abduction, pedophilia, sex, and healthy eating. Unfortunately, these songs come across as so absolutely ridiculous that it is impossible to believe the group is actually serious about what they are singing.To clarify my meaning, some of their song lyrics are: "Suicide is worse than cancer."; "Stay away from the creepy man. He has no friends. He's supposed to stay 500 yards away from children." Of course, younger children won't notice how ludicrous these lyrics are, but I suppose my main concern in using this album for its original purpose--the education of children--is whether the views expressed in the songs are really what parents want their children to learn. The group resorts to scare tactics in 'Safety First' in which they attempt to "educate" kids about sex by repeatedly referencing AIDS and other STDs. The group also denounces Ritalin as a gateway drug in an effort to encourage kids to "be on your best behavior for all your teachers because grownups can be very mysterious creatures. They think you're adorable when they can persuade you, but if you rub them the wrong way then they'll try to sedate you." The group claims to be trying to make their music fun, but no self-respecting parent should want their children listening to songs that warn them their parents will drug them for misbehavior. Even if parents could get past the music being horrifying, 'Don't Commit Suicide' uses profanity.Despite the band's best inentions, I cannot in good conscience recommend this album for children. However, I would recommend to anyone who wants to laugh themselves silly. The LadyBugs don't really work as a group singing children's music, but they kill as a comedy act. Once you get past the guilt at laughing over songs about such serious subject matter from a group that is trying so very hard, this album really is hysterical.
Got this for my daughter. She is having trouble getting her tables down. She loves music so I thought this might help. Too early to tell if she is mastering them yet. But she does listen to it a lot and that can't hurt!
We just got this via downloads and my daughters and I think it's just ok. I mean it's kind of strange music and not really songs more like words "sang" in Spanish then English.
I don't want to give this a bad review because I only listened to it once.  Why?  Because I had an unexpected release of emotions (cried my heart out) while I was listening to the &#34;go to your beautiful place&#34; part of the hypnosis.This was good and I obviously really needed to release that, but frankly, it scared me and I haven't listened to it again because of that.So I can't really say if it will heal a physical condition or not yet.  I will have to get &#34;brave&#34; and start listening to it again.
I love Rob Thaller. This isn't my favorite CD, but it's a great for class.
I bought this for my wife thinking she'd like something different to listen to along with the classical ballet stuff. Wrong.So I put it on MY MP3 player and I liked it. It has a sort of Vince Guaraldi flavor, sort of swingy, some unexpected bass interplay that works instead of sounding stilted. I'd like to hear this guy's trio live in a jazz dive somewhere. I know it's an unusual format and full of short pieces, but to me it was like some traditional jazz trio haiku, not too outside, close to the ground but not square. Dig?
I didn't realize when I purchased this album how short it is. It's a shame because the singer has a beautiful voice and the songs are done very well, I just wish there were more of them. Also, many of the tracks are very short. For example, the version of Ainsi Font Les Petites Marionettes is only 17 seconds long! I would buy it again - my little girl loves it and it's nostalgic for me, but longer would be much better!
I had Danny Kaye's album where he read Grimm's Fairy Tales as I child, and my brothers and I still quote some of the funny voices Mr. Kaye made telling the stories.  Unfortunately, that album isn't in any digital format, so I tried to find something for my little boy to listen to.  This has some of those stories, but not all.  Still, I just don't think anyone can tell stories like Danny Kaye.  The listing of the stories/songs on this album are not quite right, so here they are:1. Triplets (a silly song that I don't remember)2. Thumbilina - song3. Little Child (Daddy Dear) song4. Rumpelstilskin - story5. Sweet Porridge - story of the magic pot that makes porridge6. Bremen Town Musicians story - THE BEST.  I don't even like this story unless it's this version7. Fox and the Geese story8. I Taut I Taw a Puddy-Cat - songIf I could find Clever Gretel and the Water Nixie, I would be in Danny Kaye heaven, but alas.... I wish they had more of his stories, rather than the songs, which I don't really care for.
I really enjoyed this story as it helped me with improving my French. However, I didn't give it five stars because I personally would have preferred the exercises not after each chapter because the chapters were rather short. And since I was really enjoying the story, I think the exercises as they are now just slowed down my reading especially on the easier chapters.
I loved this album as a child. I was excited to see it on Amazon. I would have given it five stars but the problem with getting the full album is that it is not all there. There is one track that is missing that was on the original LP called Katchke Green it is sung by Mr. Hooper. It was originally placed after the Grouch's Lullaby song. Please add that remaining track. Thanks
We use this when traveling on my Kindle Fire. We don't have to pack up the white noise machine for my hubby and this works as well.
It was a very reasonable cost for 50 dance type songs for children.  My pre-k class enjoys it.  Some of them are duplicated somewhat and the kids would say, &#34; we already heard that one&#34;.
It has a lot of the songs I grew up with as a kid.  It brought back some really fond memories. The quality was great.
I like this download for my newborn although it is pretty short.  Not sure how or why this is geared towards boys but in any case it's good listening.
The price was right for this.  After reading an actual book or books for bed, my son likes to listen to stories as he goes to sleep. This had a lot of stories and some we never heard of.  The only thing I thought was weak, was the slight change in a few known stories like Goldie Locks, and one was a song, not a story... Other than that well worth the price!
bought this for when i watch kids. It's always a handy thing to have kids songs just 'lying around' for when you need to entertain the younger population of the world. love the songs.
In this I hoped for watery &#34;white&#34; background burbles to add to my nature sounds collection for variety in masking annoying neighborhood noises and I was happy to hear those -- nothing brilliant, just pleasant and effective enough for my purposes.
A fun soundtrack for your visit to national parks; or for a staycation, for that matter! We enjoyed it on our way to New Orleans to visit the park there.
Reasonable price for as many songs that are here. All are songs I learned as a child and now like to sing with my grandson...he also dances along to the quick-tempo ones.
My 2 year old and her cousins enjoy dancing and singing along! I like the variety of songs, it keeps them entertained for a good while.
This was a gift for my brother, expecting his first baby, and he loves Jay-Z music so it was perfect for him!
Definitely a fun one to own for the punk parents out there that want to sneak some 'angry' music into their kids' ears while they're drifting off to sleep.  (And at a much nicer price than the more popular &#34;Rockabye Baby!&#34; series.)
I like to play it while my granddaughters are having breakfast.  Happy music seems to start the day of right.
This album is really fun, and the videos from the website are great as well. The songs WILL get stuck in your head, but what better way to learn about circumference or angles? What a find!
My 3-year-old grandson loves this CD.  He likes the songs and sometimes sings along, and he especially enjoys the &#34;Halloween Night Sounds&#34; and &#34;Haunted House Sounds.&#34;  They are scary enough to be interesting but they're not frightening.
Our grandson, 5 year old Sam, love having these on his device around Halloween.  It was easy to download on to our computer and then on to his device.
Loved this soundtrack on tape as a kid, and used it to wake up in middle school and high school. One gripe: where is Merlin's Song? That one was my second favorite (second to Dreams of Avalon) and I would love to own a copy of it. That is all that is keeping me from dancing around the room overjoyed that I finally found this as a legitimate download.
Lovely set of tunes that beautifully combines Indian classical music with soothing tones for your little one. Bought these for my four month old girl and she loves them. It's such a refreshing change from the usual nursery rhymes. She actually stops to listen and they seem to calm her. Although I bought these for her, I find them really calming even for myself and having learnt some classical music as a child they feel familiar. Would highly recommend them to entertain and soothe your baby!
My son loves this CD&#8230;&#8230;It's a great listen for the whole family. My child's favorites are &#34;Who Loves the Sun&#34;,&#34; Rainbow Connection&#34; and &#34;Don't Worry Be Happy&#34;
I bought this CD because I am a Zee fan. I don't have any children and I really enjoy this album.  Her cover of Velvet Underground's &#34;Here Comes the Sun&#34; cover is so great!