Search for baby lullaby music, and you will soon find that most of this so-called music is crappy electronic/midi recordings of synthesized instruments. Why is this? I have no idea. Filling the ears of little ones with synthesized music is akin to feeding your baby a TV dinner when you have a fresh garden in your back yard. Hearing develops fairly early in the womb - it is bizarre that most baby music assumes the little ones possess the abbility to make the distinction between a generic synthesized instrument play be a computer to the timbre of a physical instrument played by a human.That said, this CD is excellent. This is real music, played by real people, on real instruments. It is a great collection, too (I do not perfer the last two tracks of the album, but that is completely my personal taste). There is piano solo music, orchestrations, and orchestral accompaniments to flute and clarinet solos - all very peaceful and relaxing. This CD is exactly what I was looking for. Very well done.In case you do not know, most of the material from the Naxos label is of high quality. Naxos albums are typically priced lower than albums from more mainstream labels. Naxos has a knack for finding excellent recordings and excellent performances of not-yet mainstream artists. After seeing this this album is from Naxos, I was sold. You should be, too.
This is the best childrens CD I have owned since Raffi. The songs are catchy for kids and it doesn't make me want to pull my hair out as an adult.
This is such a nice cd. My grandkids love it. They listened to iteveryday. They know all the words. It is made so the young ones canrelate. It is makes them think about the world and the way peopleshould be treated.Great item, just get it.
My kids absolutely love the Teacher and the Rockbots CD's (we have them all). They listen to them on repeat almost every night and my 8-year-old son can now tell you all sorts of world facts that are included on the CD. Best of all, the adults in our family enjoy listening as well. The lyrics are available on the Teacher and the Rockbots website so your kids can sing along even more easily (along with other extras like lesson plans, etc).
Excellent follow up to "Brain Jam". Take note of the popular "Monkeys", "Cruise" and "I Hate Pollution". The latter being quite hilarious.
I love this voice and love her talent and also love her face too..... so I'm glad I found her. They played the song "New Mercies" of hers on Pandora and I was hooked. I went to see more of her work and she's what this world needs more of. Someone that feels inside, filled with a gentle spirit and kindness. If you like that kind of music, you'll find a real treat here. Kinda like Nora Jones or that type of wispy beautiful music. Thanks Joe....
I had the cassette tape of these songs when I was a kid and my sisters and I loved them. I bought the mp3 album for my 2-year-old daughter and she loves it too! It's fun for me to hear all the music again.... I'm transported back to 1991 in my parents' minivan....The music is very fun and bouncy for little kids. Edda loves the "Hop Along Song" best.
I loved this as a kid and I still love it today! It was an instant hit with my two year old boy!
We listened to this cd last year on vacation and wanted to listen again. Downloaded it to my pc and burned to cd. Excellent!!
...especially with small children around. I normally associate Mr. Langdon with creepy but fun organ music (which I enjoy), so this was a pleasant surprise.
I needed some fun music for an Oktoberfest party.  This is great, just right for dancing and listening.  Very Happy!
This is a list of 200 words that are read to you buy a guy who makes funny/odd sentences with the words (to help you remember).  There is light techno-type music playing in the background, which makes this so much better than a normal audio learning tool!  The beats are a good pace to walk to, or when driving in the car you don't get tired and bored out of your mind - the music keeps the energy level up.  Songs change with each new "set" of vocabulary words.The cover of the product says "treat them [vocab lists] like songs you hear on the radio."  I wouldn't go that far - it is still learning and they guy isn't singing, he's talking.  I do like it though and highly recommend if you're looking for a different way to augment your vocabulary.  I find that the words are pretty easy to remember afterwards.
We used this as part of the My Father's World homeschool curriculum.  The kids loved it.  Great songs, easy to understand the lyrics.  Lots of fun.
My little girl Anna loves the song I met a bear! It was featured on the movie Grizzly Park and since then I've been searching for the song and found it on Amazon! If you have kids they will enjoy this album I'm sure.100% happy with the whole album!
I downloaded this to my 8 year olds MP3.  Instead of flash cards, while at home or in the car she listens and repeats and has memorized all of the facts in no time!!!
My mom is a teacher and she used to have this CD for the kids, but someone lost it at the school, so I boughted for her.  Let me tell you that she has teach the multiplications with this CD for the last 10 years.  The kids learn it fast and it is a fun way of teaching them.
This multiplication rap is very upbeat and easy for the students to learn!  I like it because it's not too babyish for my third graders and gets every student involved.
A teacher from out school makes this cd and when I was in 3rd grade back then it was cassette tapes I got one. I loved it..I would listen to til and sing along it helped me a lot to learn my multiplication. I think it helped me a lot because I could always learn lyrics to a song quicker then doing homework. So if u have a child that learns better that way this is the way to go.
I've used this product with different age groups of students for years and have yet to find one that tops this for results with my students. I've worn out multiple copies.
I originally purchased the DVD to teach my second grader (who is now in 7th).  It was so effective that I attempted to order it again for my twins. The DVD's value increased substantially, so I oped for the DVD. PHENOMENAL way to teach math facts, super cheesy but VERY effective especially for 2/3 graders.
I bought this CD when my son was 1 week old..we put it in the CD player in his room on repeat and have never turned it off! He is now 1 year old and it is still what he goes to sleep to at night. He absolutely loves the CD and it always calms him down. When I rock him, I get super sleepy too especially hearing the crickets chirp in the background! We Love it and definately recommend it!!!
I have loved the music of Wayne Gratz for years and have several of his CDs already. I also hear him a lot on XM's SPA channel. I wasn't expecting this lovely sound for babies but as I went looking for three upcoming baby shower gifts I'm SO happy I found it.  Plan to get one for myself for my own occasional "hard to fall asleep" nights...thanks Amazon - no wonder we all shop here!
Tom is an awesome singer/songwriter worth listening to.  This project was one of the first I bought on tape and just had to upgrade to CD.
These are such cute and original children's songs.  Every child should have them in their listening library.
I love this CD. I got it for free a long time ago in a mattress expo at a State Fair. I got to meet the guy himself but didn't think much of it at the time so I said hello n moved on.This is a great cd for when you are tired or it's your bedtime but still can't will yourself asleep. It starts with an intro, but I always skip that. The second track is mainly a breathing and muscle relaxation exercise. He makes sure you keep a slow steady pace with your breathing, which helps me relax and wind down immensely. Meanwhile he has you clench or flex certain muscles, hold it, then release, one at a time to of course relax the body. I usually fall asleep before this twelve minute track is over.The third track, "Mind Relaxation" relaxes, well, your mind haha. Again, I fall asleep before this track so I am listening to it as I type. He talks you through relaxing thoughts like being on the beach, feeling the sun on your face, feeling the warm water in a bath, feeling weightless or floating, etc. and like the last track, asks you to breath slowly.The rest of the tracks are all relaxing soft music, so if you wanna skip the exercises and just relax to the music, that works well too, because they're all really well produced.This CD can seem really cheesy with the voice and music, but it works like a charm every time for me.
I've been using this non-narcatic CD to help me go to sleep for years.  The only problem I have with it is the new recording studio.  The CD gets grainier as you add nights.  But, the CD player I use it on is not the greatest hunk of player technology in the world.  Make sure you copy your disk.
I was given a copy of this by a hotel that I stayed at often and I loved it!  When I lost the CD I came here and bought the download.  I have NEVER had a CD like this.  I NEVER get to hear the last part because I have always fallen asleep before hand!  Now THAT'S  awesome!  Good sleep, no drugs..  And I wake up more refreshed that when I don't listen to it.  WELL worth the money.  It WORK!
Originally received this on a hotel stay. Had become a staple before I gave it to a friend working a night shift. Glad to have found it on Amazon, as I've struggled with falling asleep since childhood.
From melatonin to other drugs and multiple cd's. This one seems to have worked nightly for the past 5 years. Sounds ridiculous I know. Though it still works for me as nothing else can anymore. By the end of track 3. I'm out.
I received this CD at a Crowne Plaza CD years ago and was so upset when it finally wore out - My daughter also loves this CD - We often skip the relaxtion exercises and go straight to the soothing music - this is great for kids, babies as well!
I got a copy of this CD while staying at a hotel several years ago.  It was amazing how easy it was to fall asleep to every night.  Over the years, and several cross country moves, it has been misplaced.  I haven't missed it until recently.  I have been struggling with some insomnia and none of my usual tricks have been helpful.  I thought how nice it would be to have my relaxation CD back.  So I googled and came across a few tracks on you tube.  I was excited when in the comments someone said I could download the entire CD on amazon.  Best $8 I have ever spent, though if I had been thinking I would have only downloaded tracks 2-8 and saved $1 since track one isn't necessary at all.
I was given a free sample of this CD from Crowne Plaza and I must say that it really helps me to relax and fall asleep. There are two tracks that deal with mind and body relaxation exercises, which can be useful if you have the time and will to do them. However, I will often just play track 4 and close my eyes when I need to sleep and I can honestly say that I still have no idea what tracks 7 and 8 sound like.Having insomnia can be an awful thing, and while this certainly isn't a cure-all, the CD is a very effective sleep aid.
You know how adults love to watch Disney (and Pixar) because there is always a layer of sophistication and humor underneath that the kids don't always see?  Well, parents, get ready to enjoy this production.  Sprout spares no effort or expense on the music behind the wonderful but child-oriented stories.  This production is unlike most of the genre where the music is as simple as the lyric.  Here, Sprout creates wonderfully textured instrumentals that can be listened to over and over again without fatigue.  This is not just child's play.
My son insisted that we buy this CD.  It was a very 'thought-out' piggy bank purchase, and he couldn't be happier.  At 5 years old, he is a huge Jonathan Sprout fan.  The music is fun and educational, making me a huge fan as well!  Perfect for school-age kids, and I'll admit that I'm learning some things too!
I found Victor Johnson while looking for old Lullabies my grandmother used to sing to me--while his voice isn't like my grandma's, his soul and spirit and so alive in the music that it just sends good vibrations through every song. This CD is just as amazing as his other ones. From the classic to the original, each song is just perfect and special in it's own way. I don't have kids, but I love listening to his music over and over anyway!
This is the only children's CD I own that I still love to listen to. Truth be told, sometimes I even play it while the kids are not even in the car. I love it when it is my children's pick -- and it often is. They love this band! Peanut Butter and Jellyfish is great music with a wonderful message. My favorite song is Walking with Bears, my daughter's is De Colores, my wife's is Turning of the World.We didn't just buy a few copies for ourselves but actually have given them as gifts to friends across the US and in Ireland. This album gets rave reviews from anyone.If you can get the chance to see Peanut Butter and Jellyfish live, you must not miss that chance. In the meantime, download all of the songs -- and enjoy.
A wonderful collection of lullabies.  My grandchildren fall asleep every night to this music.  A wonderful baby shower gift idea.
I have this on repeat on the iPod and it has helped my three month old son sleep longer for naps and for stretches at night. Much les expensive than white noise machines.
I usually cut on the fan and turn it away from me when I need to drown out neighbors or just need to be lulled to sleep but this works so much better and no air.  Plus I can adjust the volume.
What an incredible work of art "Lumiere" is.Having received the album as a child, I continue to cherish its words, music, and imagery to this day.
This is absolutely wonderful. It is so soothing and relaxing that even adults may nod off to sleep. The speaking voice is calm and gentle and very pleasing. For the baby it would lull the little one off to dreamland. Also the background music is perfect.I love it.
My son & daughter are in Spanish Immersion school, and this music is a great way for them to help them learn Spanish!!!  They love the music and play it over and over again.  We had an end of school year party at our house with their friends, and they chose to play this music out of all the music they have.  Adults loved the music too!!!  It has a great beat with positive messages.  There are also Que Pasa shows on DVD that everyone enjoys as well.
This album is UNBELIEVABLE! I know musics from five countries and deal often with artists: What's Up Que Pasa is a fabulous album promoting, like the show of the same name, multicultural respect, It has a very empowering  beat with positive messages for kids and even adults.At last, this product shows the demand for such an optimist sound! I KNOW that this is going to go national!merci Al papa Rap Lopez as well as your amazing team: DJ, Emily, Jessica and Traveling Tom!Pascal Gillon BAScFounderinfogatherer.com
Diana's voice is beautiful. The music is lovely and melodic. You can really hear the soul in her music. Beautiful.
I don't know about the rest of the songs, but the &#34;why&#34; song is just fantastic.  All of my special education students just love to try to sing this song, and it is a favorite with my aides also.
So glad I found this.  I knew I wanted to use solfege with my preschool group and was sweating how to make it fun for them.  I can't wait to use these songs!  Thanks!
Had two children with colic and acid reflux.  By chance, I found out with the second child that the vacuum noise would make him stop crying within seconds of coming on.  Found this cd, and it saved my sanity!
It's amazing how well this audio works to soothe my daughter. We just had it playing all night for the first time, and our 2 week old slept the best she has ever slept.  This seems to be her favorite over some of the other options.  For example, I had the dishwasher sound playing from the sampler album, but forgot to put the track on repeat.  The next track for the hair dryer came on when the dishwasher was finished, and she woke right up.
Ive been playing this CD for my son at bedtime every night for 5-6 months and just love it. Its very calming and soothing.
i listen to this everytime i sleep.  this is piano music that is played very slowly and soothingly.  i find myself singing twinkle twinkle instead of the wild rambling that my mind wants to do, so i fall asleep.  anyone with sleep problems because of a restless mind will find this album helpful.  children would probably like it to.  i highly recomend this
Love this audio, I use it to put my grandaughter to sleep!! It;s also great to play for children when they're coloring,or need to have quiet time.
This CD offers a surprising helping of music that, not only kids will enjoy, but parents as well. And even those who are not parents.Well written, funny and danceable songs that prove to entertain on multiple levels. In fact, the whole Brain Jam series is a worthy collection to keep in your musical arsenal.Highly recommended!!
What a fun way to teach kids about going green and the environment through music.  Each song has a nice 'pop' sound that kids will enjoy.
My 6 year old daughter loves to listen to this CD at night after we've read her bedtime book.  Dr. Saltzman has a calm and comforting voice.  We choose one track each evening, and I have found that this makes the transition time into sleep easier for her.
This guided meditations have been a wonderful tool for my five year old - they are short, age appropriate and positive. I can't recommend them highly enough if your little one is struggling with worries or emotions that seem enormous and overwhelming.
I first heard of mindfulness meditation a few months ago and have tried several albums. This is my favorite and has become basically the only one I use. This album is designed for children, and I can certainly see how it would be good for children.However, adults can benefit too!A few reasons I like this album more than any other:1. Most of the meditations on this CD are only 3-4 minutes long. With the hectic lives we lead, sometimes stopping for even 10-15 minutes is too much. But everyone has 3-4 minutes. A few tracks are longer, but not more than 12 minutes.2. You can do it right at your office desk. It's great when I'm having or about to have a stressful moment at work, and it's only 3-4 minutes out of the day. I just slip on a pair of headphones and listen to the tracks on the computer. You don't move around or anything, so nothing is disruptive to others.Some of the short meditations say to lie down or sit on the floor, but that's unnecessary. You can easily do them in your chair. If you're in a really open space and don't want co-workers seeing anything at all, you can even load them onto an mp3 player and do them in the bathroom LOL3. The speaker has a nice soft voice. A meditation guided by someone with an annoying voice is, well, annoying.4. I'll admit to finding the tracks kind of fun:-)As of this review's date, you'll spend less money buying the whole album,  so that's definitely the way to go, but in case that changes, here are a few notes for people buying track by track.* Wilds (track 6) isn't a meditation; it's happy music clearly meant for children. The two intro/explanation tracks (1 and 13) also aren't meditations, but they're well worth listening to, especially if you're relatively new to mindfulness meditation. If you're using this with children, you'll definitely want the children's intro (track 1).* Bubbles (track 9) requires a bubble wand, so I skip this one. I can see it being great for children though.* Pebbles (track 10) asks you to use ten pebbles, but you could substitute with ten of anything that you can easily pick up and put down. Marbles, peanuts, M&M;'s (assuming M&M;'s really do melt in your mouth rather than your hand:-)), paper clips, pencils, etc.* Jewel (track 3) asks you to have a jewel in your hand, but any small thing you can hold will work. I've even used a white-out bottle.* Body Scan (track 12) and Brief Sit (track 14) are more similar to traditional adult mindfulness meditations. They're around 12 minutes and are very nice.CONCLUSION: I can't recommend this album highly enough for not just children but adults as well.I have albums with longer meditations but find myself using this one almost exclusively because it gets me just as relaxed and grounded in 3-4 minutes rather than 20.
When I heard I was pregnant, I started looking into lullabies for my little one. I am a musician and I understand the importance of introducing music as soon as the little one was born. However, I didn't want the cheesy digital sounding type of music that you hear these days with only one instrument playing. I wanted something that I could listen to as well. This is definitely my favorite collection of lullabies and I play it for my son all the time.
As other reviewers here concur, her voice is amazingly pure, clear, haunting in its beauty, charm, and femininity. Angelic, yet kind of street-smart. It's like you're not even listening to a person, but rather to all women singing through one voice. Her voice is as beautiful as a Charlotte Church, but the voice of a jazz-singing woman who seems to know the down side of life yet still retains her consummate style and purity. Reminds me of Julie London singing &#34;Cry Me A River&#34;, but even stronger and more youthful. An amazing gift! A defining muse!
I bought this album early in 2010 when I was expecting my second daughter.  I used to play it while we were cuddled up.  Lori's voice is so beautifully relaxing.  My baby starts school in the summer and both she and my elder daughter still often request to hear their lullaby CD. There are lots of favourites on there that parents can sing along to.Some albums getting boring after you've played them over and over.  Lullabies for Little Dreams is timeless and I'm sure will always be one of our family favourites.I would highly recommend this album to anyone looking for a lullaby CD with good variety and a soothing singer.
Was looking for something to play for my grandson and this was the perfect download.  Has all the nursery rhymes you can think of and more!
The singer's voice is clear and easy to understand. The songs are a good selection of classics, and give more verses to some of the songs than you tend to find in other places.
A godsend! We got it as a gift from the hospital, and then I had to purchase it too because we left home without the CD, and HAD TO HAVE IT to soothe the baby. Now, it's downloaded on every device, in the cloud and on CD in the car.
This is a nice song. Is it from a show? Mr. Sansom has a very grandfather type voice. It makes you safe & secure.
This album is terrific because it's simply pure, solo classical guitar. The sound is very soft and soothing, very musically performed, and the selections are great. Highly recommend!
The lullabies are a natural for solo guitar performance rendered in a simple manner.  There is a very soothing effect, and if you are agitated for any reason whatever this CD is a godsend.  It is sheer beauty in sound.
This was a great way to reinforce multiplication facts for my third graders!
Unlike the other music learning cd's this one is updated! My son who is eight likes the song very much and has learned up to his 3's in just 3 days.... He has asked me to move on... and wants to make a music video on this cd...lol... I am new at homeschool, but this is a must have for those hard learners... or just anyone!
I teach 2/3 and 5/6 classes and love when I come across creative ways to teach them foundational math skills. I must say this cd does just that. The beat is hip enough that the students really enjoy it and if nothing else they have a great time. My summer school students also LOVE it!! I just wish there were lyrics I could print.
I grew up with this album and to find it again was a real treat.The cleverness of how the stories were re-written to accommodate the pidgin and the Hawaiian cultural references are still as fresh today as they were when they were released back in the '60's. Kent (R.I.P.) delivered these stories perfectly.You will find that if you don't know someone who can interpret the many Hawaiian words that are sprinkled throughout these stories, you could lose a little meaning here and there but this remains very funny and laugh-out-loud today as much as it ever was for me.
I think it's genius, and it brings back great memories of the time I spent in the islands. I only wish there were more.
Our daughter had a hard time falling and staying asleep when she was about 3 months old.  Someone recommended we try turning on the hair dryer and it worked like a charm, but we didn't want to run the hair dryer all night.  I found this recording and we've been using it ever since.  There's no sound of it shutting off/on, so I set it on repeat and it plays all night.  I use it now when I take naps to drown out the noise of whatever else is happening in the house.
This is the first kid's CD that I, as a parent, can listen to without wanting to plug my ears.  The music is appealing to my whole family!  I love the lessons in the songs and refer to them often with my 3 kids!  What a creative way to teach kids!
My daughter is fortunate to dance with the real Tessa!  But when we aren't with Tessa the Dance it CD is always on!  My 5 year old daughter loves to sing and dance to the songs! My 2 year old son is starting to learn the words and dance along.  I find myself singing the songs too! As a parent I appreciate the educational piece woven into the songs!  We love DANCE IT and TESSA too!
Our ENTIRE family cannot say enough about this AMAZING CD!  Tessa is so talented and her songs are SO catchy!  Both of my girls cannot get enough of this CD, they are 2 and 5.  What I love about it, is that it gets them up and moving and it is a wonderful alternative to TV! :)  It is also great to listen to in the car, as they learn the words to the song so quickly!  The songs also have great messages and teach the kids so many different things!  I highly recommend purchasing this CD, you will NOT be disappointed!  God bless you Tessa!
I recommend it!! It's relaxing and the songs are beautiful!!!!!!!! My son sleeps with it and it relaxed me too!!!
My mother downloaded the app that goes along with this music from the Apple app store for her iPad.  He loves that app and learned all the different trucks from it.  I don't have an iPad, and he really wanted to play with this app, and I couldn't find it anywhere else, but I found these songs from the app here on Amazon!  He loves them and listens to them all the time.  They are actually cute and enjoyable songs for the most part, so I don't mind them too much, but anything over and over again will get on my nerves.  I just try to get him to rotate his music, but this remains one of his favorite albums.  I really don't mind.  He can go to a construction site and name all the trucks so I am very impressed.  I just wish I could get the app from Amazon too!
Fern is great for kids! I have a niece that would go crazy over her music. The first time I listened to her songs, I knew I had to buy it for the kids in my family. She has a happy but calming tone to her voice that makes me smile.
This CD is amazing and I wish I listened to my mother-in-law long before this past weekend.  This CD was given as a gift to my mother-in-law after my son was born.  She kept on telling me I should play it and it might help my son get to sleep. We used it once at her house and my son fell asleep pretty quickly.  I just thought it was a coincidence and had nothing to do with the CD.  Well he's now almost 9 months and is teething pretty bad.  He can stand up in his crib and it's been a nightmare getting him to sleep.  I really thought that we'd just have to suffer until his teeth broke through and do Ferber again.Well this past week we went on vacation with in-laws.  Mother-in-law brought the CD with her and one night my son was just screaming and would not go to sleep.  We tried the CD and he was asleep within 5 minutes.  We tried the next day with naps and it worked again.  I couldn't believe it!  I am just amazed at how much easier it is for him to fall asleep.This is a must buy for any newborn!!
This is a fantastic cd for children. My daughter and I both enjoyed it very much. The songs are relevant and original, and the musicians are extremely talented. The songs have a folk/country style that is a refreshing change from most of the mainstream kids songs that drive adults insane, and the songs are easy to understand, so kids of all ages can enjoy.  You won't be sorry if you get this album! Your kids will love it, and you will too!
We need this fun, wholesome, inspirational music that speaks to children.  "Got to Get Up"  will hit home with parents and kids, and give your kids a new outlook.  The whole family can sing along to these original songs in the car or at home.  "New Word Today" may be a new idea to kids today, and something all can do.  "Do Your Best" and "Thinking Hat" help with test stress.  "Bloom where you're planted" makes you move while you feel better right away.The sound is simple, with strings and a mountain feel. Dance a jig, tap your toes.  Thank you so much for great songs with a good message and no parental screening required!!  I'd recommend this music from 3 months through age 10 or 11.
I was on the hunt for a nice lullaby album to play while putting my daughter to bed (then around 6 months).  I chose this album because it is all piano, no lyrics.  I kid you not, we have played it every night since we purchased it.  She is now 15 months old. It is beautiful and, other than the fact that they are covers of childrens' songs, this music is suitable for anyone.  I love it.  It is soothing, pretty, familiar yet new, and so very peaceful.  I could sit for hours in my child's rocking chair listening to it over and over again while we snuggle.  I will likely give it to every friend that has a baby from here on out.  I couldn't recommend it any more highly...
There are lots of songs to occupy and comfort the babies as they relax and sleep. Beautifully played on piano.
My wife and I were given this cd as a gift when our first daughter was born. I'm not big into writing reviews, but this simple little collection of sweet and comforting melodies is honestly one of the most beloved albums in our home.I could go on and on about how much my family loves this cd, but to sum it up quickly ... if you have a child (or even if you don't) and you have $10 ... you get the point.BUY THIS ALBUM!
Great nighttime songs for little ones to fall asleep to.  I love them too, so sweet.  There's lots of albums out there and I picked this one above all.  Nana
I am sure my daughter will love singing along to these when she gets older but for now they do a good job of calming her down and entertaining her on long car trips.
Fabulous find!  Good music, pleasant voices and plenty of variety.  We have used this for two cross country trips by car and can tell you that my kindergartener loved it.  The adults can enjoy it too and not be annoyed with kiddie music.
Can't believe how hard it is to find a decent nursery rhyme CD.  This one makes me remember my childhood, not cringe at the sound of Casio drum beat and terrible vocals.
Actually ordered the CD for only 4 songs but they are well worth it.  Lots of fun to do in PE and lets my students become very animated while listening to the songs.  Big Red Ball is our favorite.
George Frederick Handel. Ludwig Van Beethoven. Miles Davis. Louis Armstrong. Led Zeppelin.Sometimes, you will find an artist that will truly stand the test of time. Kathy Troxel is that artist. Her amazing songs, such as1+1 to 1+9and9+1 to 9+9truly captivate the listener. I find myself in absolute awe of her lyricism. The compositions behind the lyrics are just as amazing. The 1980s era cheap Casio sound is truly mastered by the artist. Never have I heard digital sounds played so well. If this were played for the king instead of Handel's Messiah, I am absolutely convinced that he would have stood for the entire performance, not justHallelujah. It has truly brought a tear to my eye.Okay, serious review:I got this for my daughter because she has been having a lot of trouble memorizing math. She has been struggling with it for a very long time, and we had tried just about everything before buying this andSubtraction Songs. There was a definite noticable improvement in just a weekend. We listened to the addition songs non-stop for an entire weekend and the following Monday, I tested her again. She was able to do about half of the problems correctly right off the top of her head, and about another eighth or so by counting on her fingers. These songs have been an amazing help. Even if they do literally make me cringe because of how often I hear them, I'm willing to sacrifice in order to allow my daughter to get the tutoring that she needs through any means possible.If I was to review these as myself, I'd give them two stars because I have come to not like it. But, I'm reviewing in the context of a parent who has a child that needs to learn the skills being taught in these songs. In that regard, it's definitely worth five stars in my book. If you have a child who learns best through song, buy this now!
I downloaded this onto the ipod and we listen in the car to drill facts.  My son also listens on the computer.  I didn't like all the recordings trying to be cool, I just wanted some something catchy that would help him remember.  This has fit the bill perfectly.
I like it being on the computer, All i have to do is turn it on.  I don't need to look for a disck or anything.
This download worked well and the songs are helpful for remembering grammar. I have used it for many years with all my kids. I lost my CD and so I bought the download. It is great!
I had these on CD years ago for my older kids.  I couldn't find the CD so I bought them again for my younger kids.  My older kids still remembered all the songs.It must be good if I will buy it twice.
I love this multiplication song set for my students. We enjoy listening to and singing along every day.  The tunes are kind of catchy and I find myself singing along too.
After packet and packet of "drill and kill," my 7 year old just couldn't memorize the typical hard ones...6,7,8's. As most children, she loves music and after looking at several sample albums, this one fits her perfectly! She loves steady beats and it was easy for her to catch on pretty quickly. I also needed something that I, as an adult, could stand listening to because those raps ones were just too much for me.It has a Laurie Berkner (great children songs artist) type of melody which is pretty catchy and separates each times tables into separate songs. (Many of the songs available are just one long continuous song of all the times tables together.) One thing I especially like, as does my daughter, is the "test" song after each fact. She and I compete to see who can say the answer the fastest!Definitely worth the $8.99 download! I recommend!
Kids like the songs and are slowly learning the states and capitals.  My students are children with special needs and the repetition and great melodies of the songs appeal to them.
Children love music, and they learn by it quickly. This song list is cute and fun. The kids love it, and they are learning.
I brought this DVD home from our local library, hoping my just-turned-5 daughter would not find it as boring as the School House Rock DVD I had checked out for her about a year ago.  I was floored when she immediately loved the DVD and asked to watch it daily until she had mastered every song.  Maybe it's the fact that over the past year, she has learned to read beyond the first grade level.  Maybe it's the fact that she has developed an insatiable appetite for all things musical.  Maybe the transition from 4 to 5 matured her existing love of learning, so that she now doesn't need puppets and cartoon characters to hold her attention.  I'm not sure why she suddenly became open to the approach taken in this video series, but she is totally captivated by it and could make a living as the spokesperson/salesperson for the DVD.  When it was time to return the DVD to the library, my wife and I knew there would be no peace in the house if we neglected to purchase the DVD (or MP3) so our daughter could get her regular dose of state songs.  And now, hardly a day goes by without her approaching one of her daycare teachers with the following pitch: "Name any state and I can tell you its capital city.  Quiz me!"
I used these twelve years ago when teaching my oldest children. I have been looking for them all over and recently thought I might find them here. They may have a "hokey" instrumental and "munchkin" sound to them, but I tell you MY children have NEVER forgotten them or the lessons learned from them. I am now going to utilize them, again, for my younger learners.
I have a wide age range in my family, and I first used these songs over 15 years ago with daughters who are now adults.  They still remember them fondly.  I bought them recently to use with my six and 3 year old godsons, and the boys love them, too.  They catch on quickly, because the tunes are catchy and memorable.I like her Geography songs, too.An excellent tool to help with memorization.
I've been using an older version of this program for years. The kids love the songs. They love competing on the maps by pointing to each country as they sing along. Also, they really never forget what they have learned, because the tunes are so fun and catchy and appropriate to the geographic region (with Russian style music for the former USSR, Chinese-style music for the Orient and so on). All kinds of games can be played on the maps once they know the songs. Even my kindergartner can point to Angola on the Africa map, or to Botswana!
We homeschool.  These songs make it easier to learn and remember world geography.  My kids have enjoyed these songs over the years.  We had an audiotape but it is nice to be able to download the mp3 files.
Great learning tool. This is our second copy as I'm using it for my youngest, after being away from it for about 6 years. My older children remember all the songs and we use it often to remember locations and other geographical facts.
My kids have been enjoying these geography songs greatly. My sisters learned these songs as children and I have been searching for them ever since. I love the new updated versions with Europe and Africa divided into regions instead of one super long song that was a bit difficult to remember. Good value for the price and certainly worth the investment for a great teaching tool.
What a great CD for kids! The skills kids need to face their challenges are incorporated into easy songs they can sing and dance to.
Very pretty music and love the forest sounds. I started playing the CD for my 6 month old before he went to bed at night and he seems to really like it too.  I turn down the lights and turn on the music for a few songs and he's out for the night.  (And it helps me wind down too.)
My five year old son wanted to learn some Spanish so I looked around on YouTube for some songs. I came across these and fell in love! He loves them too and we're working on memorizing them together. The songs are very pleasant and they introduce a lot of basic vocabulary and speech patterns which when listened to again and again just start to feel right in your mouth.
My kids and I love this cd.  One of our favorite tunes is 'chocolate'.  You'll be trying to sing that word before too long!  Joel's voice is 'like butter' and his guitar playing style beautiful.  This is definitely NOT one of your annoying children's cd that shortly drives the parent crazy!  The songs are creatively composed in a music style that is fresh yet simple.  The CD is an accompaniment to an immersion style Beginning Spanish Curriculum that can be purchased[...]. It is an excellent curriculum and very fun for kids and teachers to learn and relearn together.  My 8 1/2 year was singing the alphabet song over and over again the other day, and I was amazed at her ability to sing the Spanish alphabet after listening to it only a few times in the car.  Amazing!
This CD has great Spanish music for my kids that I like listening too as well!  The songs are fun and fresh!  I've already learned so much from listening to Mi Guitarri!!
My child love this DVD.  We play it over and over again. He dances to the beat of the music. The song selection is a great tool to teach your child about colors, days of the week, animals,etc.
This Spanish Music CD is a great tool for the whole family to learn Spanish. My kids love it! They can learn and sing along and enjoy listening while driving in the car. I highly recommend this music CD and the Spanish curriculum it complements.
I don't speak Spanish but wanted to start exposing my young kids to it so that they can hopefully pick it up more easily when they start taking classes. I play this in the car for them, and my son has started singing along. The lyrics are very clear, and the music is very nice--I find a lot of kid's music rather annoying, but the vocals and guitar make for catchy, appealing music that I enjoy as well. As a bonus, I've even been picking up some Spanish myself!
We love listening to this music in the car.  It is fun and fresh music that has become a favorite in our family.  Our children are practicing their spanish and we are all learning as we travel along!
I just finished downloading this album, and I love it!  If you go to the mi guitarri website, you can order a songbook, a CD, and a DVD as well.The songs are simple, well done, and produced crisply.  It is exactly what I've been looking for to sing with my son in the car!  Thank you!
I am an elementary music teacher and use this for primary grades.  It is perfect for Pre-K and K, teaching them to echo, colors, body parts (we all sing along on Coconut Soap) and other basics.  This is a must-have for beginning the year!
I had Josh Buchman as physics teacher, his class would have been impossible without these songs. As silly as they might seem, it creates a nice break from the mind blowing concepts and helps keep the formulas on hand. I would recommend this to any teacher or student who's trying to learn and understand physics equations.
After trying gum, patches, smokeless cigs, the inhaler, chantix and zyban..... this finally worked.  I listened to it one time, work up and never smoked since.  It has been a year.  Worth a try, if it doesn't work it is not like you are out that much anyway.  I saved a bundle of money by giving it a try because it worked for me.December 2012 and still a nonsmoker.  This worked for me! over two years
I just purchased this mp3 album download and used it twice.  I have already gone from 1 pack of cigarettes a day down to four cigarettes for the whole day today.  This is a miracle.  I do believe that this method is an answer to prayer and a tool God is using to help stop the smoking behavior.  I also felt more centered and whole immediately.  I can't wait to use this album again. Perhaps after the next session, I'll be 100% smoke free.  I look forward to the sessions and am already looking into more of Ms. Savage's mp3's the help with other areas of my life.
Honestly I had to listen to this in my car at least 5 times through before I processed everything. The techniques he suggests are simple almost common sense but only becomes common sense after you hear someone tell you.Anyhow, I have twin boys. I downloaded this audio when they were 11 months old. It takes time...especially with 2 babies, but after being consistent and following through with several of the techniques...we lay both of the boys in their cribs awake and they lay there till they fall asleep. Our routine consists of bathtime, dimming lights, lotion and pj's. Sippy cups then relax for a minute quietly with them then say goodnight to everyone, go upstairs and kiss/love walk out of the room saying go to sleep baby.It really took just over 2 months to get them so they didn't cry. It takes patience which this guys explains right in the beginning. He also says try one technique and if doesn't work after 1 solid week...move to the next till you find out what works for your child. I like this approach because all children are different.
We had 3 books total and I just didn't have the time to read. Never finished even just one book. This is perfect. This has all the tricks and tips... Just press play and you're set!
You can actually enjoy your kids music with Jeff Kagan's original songs and music.  Great tunes that you'll actually want to hear over and over!
my son loves these and we ran out of new ones. When I bough this I wasnt sure but this is now his favorite !
This is a great CD of guided visualizations for children of all ages.  I teach children's yoga classes, and the children love to lie down and listen to the meditations at the end of class.
This CD is a unique compilation of guided meditation for people of all ages. I have been regularly using this CD in my class and my students (age 6 to 15) love it. The journeys the listener takes are truly unique, from a camel back ride in the desert to the depths of the ocean on a dolphins back. There is also a wonderful track where in the listener is transported to the space and far side of the moon. The children in my class find these visualization VERY EASY to follow and deeply relaxing. They look forward to hearing new track every week.I highly recommend this product for every parent. It will surely help foster the child's imagination and also guide them in learning to meditate.
If you like Alan Sherman and or Glen Campbell, meet David Lewis Crawford. This album will make any parent smile, laugh, cry, and moan with glee. Sample the songs at least. Hilarious and talented guy. There are T-Shirts on his home webpage.
My 3 year old toddler could not get enough of this CD. Great pre-school music to keep the kids singing along for the car ride. I highly recommended this from ages 1-5.
, , , who just blessed us with out first granddaughter.  Seriously, it probably only deserves four stars, but do you know how hard it is to find music with &#34;Rebekah&#34; in it?
I sought out this album after finding the lovely arrangement of "Dream Angus" elsewhere on the net, and I was not disappointed. It's an album that I play as much for my own entertainment as for my two daughters at bedtime.There are some wonderful moments on here - "Hush Little Baby", "All The World Is Sleeping", "A Basque Lullaby" - as well as standards like "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star", "Rock-A-Bye Baby" and (probably compulsory for a collection of lullabies) "Brahms' Lullaby". The choice of some of the songs - "Dream Angus", "A Highland Fairy Lullaby" and "Wee Willie Winkie" - suggests that the singers may be Scottish, and you can hear that gorgeous accent coming through in some of the songs.Singing duties are shared between a male and female singer, and the girl that sings most of these songs has got a beautiful voice - when she sings "All The Pretty Little Horses" it really makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.I've been playing this album for my two daughters (aged 2 and 5) at bedtime for the last couple of weeks, and it always lulls them to sleep - what more could I ask for?
I already owned a copy of the Twinkletrax Lullabies album, which my kids both love, so when it came to my daughter's birthday party, I decided to download their two albums of nursery rhymes. We played this album and Volume 1 at my daughter's birthday party, and the kids had such a good time dancing to it that they asked us to put them both on again. Both albums are excellent, but this is the better of the two. It follows the same basic pattern as Volume 1 - i.e. it starts with a fast song and ends with a lullaby, with plenty of light and darkness in between - but the whole thing hangs together better, and there are no spoken tracks.I was born in Scotland, and hearing "Ye Cannae Shove Yer Granny Aff The Bus" took me right back to my childhood - we used to sing it on school trips, but I've never heard a proper recording of it before. For those of you who don't know it, it's "She'll Be Coming Round The Mountain" with different words. "Coulter's Candy" is another wonderfully Scottish rarity that never seems to make it onto kids albums either, although I know it's well known in America as "Ally Bally Bee".The whole album sounds like the two singers (one male, one female) had a wonderful time recording it: it shows in the music, and is passed onto the kids when they listen to it. This is definitely an album that will be played over and over again.
my 5 month old daughter loves nature sounds and this is soothing and tranquil. puts me to sleep as well!
My four year old daughter listens to these stories each night. She doesn't do so at my request but rather she asks for them. I'm just happy that this allows her to relax long enough so she can drift off to sleep.
Cat Chat has become an instant family favorite!  I love it, my kids love it, the songs are catchy, it's entertaining, and it is orthodox and educational.My three year old has pretty much every song memorized; yesterday I heard him reciting the Magnificat to himself as he was playing because he listened to this CD so many times in the car.  I can't even do that!  :o)Every penny I have spent on Cat Chat has been worth it a thousand times over!
I bought this CD for both my mom (who is a kindergarten teacher and team leader) and for my nephews.From a teacher's perspective: My mom loves using this CD in her classroom so much that she bought a copy for each of her team members to use in their classrooms. Not only did she like it, but bought a copy for each of her team members, and uses it regularly for lessons on the environment.Meanwhile, my nephews have memorized every word at this point and my sister and her husband have still not reached a "cringe point" like they do with other kid's music.
Great positive message with cool songs and melody.  I love Laurie Berkner Band and this was a great choice to go along with our tastes.
Awesome children's music.original fun loving stuff. the kind of stuff i like to listen to with my toddler when we're traveling for any amount of distance - 5 minutes to the post office or an hour for fun in the car, It's a Musical World is a great collection of music!  Your baby and toddler will agree.
Everybody in my house is obsessed with this cd.  I have a feeling that I'll be listening to it after Passover.
Being a parent of 2, i hear a lot of horrible kids music but I recently downloaded The Macaroons and i can't stop listening. The Macaroons make tasty, catchy and rocking tunes for all ages!!!
This is a great tool for learning states and captials.  Our 8 year old daughter has a terrible time with visual memorization, but can grab things very quickly when they are set to music.  This CD does the trick.
The songs are beautiful and peaceful, and the singer has a lovely voice. The CD is nice for rocking my grandchild to sleep, but if I could change any one thing it would be to eliminate the narration, which interrupts the sleepy effect. However, these are songs that adults can enjoy too when playing them for baby, unlike so many other songs that are monotonous.
Cat Chat has become an instant family favorite!  I love it, my kids (5&3yrs) love it, the songs are catchy, it's entertaining, and it is orthodox and educational.Every penny I have spent on Cat Chat has been worth it a thousand times over!This CD in particular is based around a family trip to the Holy Land.  It does such a great job at teaching the kids about Holy Week.  The sound effects are cool (i.e. when they are in the airport you hear the airplanes) and the songs are great.  It goes step-by-step through Holy Week, talking about what happened at the holy sites, and also brings in the emotional aspects of the week.  Awesome CD for Catholic kids!
My wife and i just had a baby boy (griffin) and he's now almost 7 weeks old.  When its sleep time, day or night, we pick a track and let it play in the background.  Everything we had read said repetitive music would help, and these are great.  A few of them I'm not partial too (like the fan, or washer), but i like the babbling brook, and rain, and heartbeat and womb sounds.  The most important thing is that Griffin seems to like them.  When we leave him alone in the room to sleep, something about the monotonous sound calms him, and has him not feel alone (or at least thats my interpretation! : )I'm a big fan, and anything that helps him sleep is priceless in my book, because when he sleep, we can sleep!  Thanks for creating this product, i'm really glad I stumbled upon it.
I was pretty skeptical about this, but the calming effect on my dog was remarkable. I tried playing him samples of other classical music, and it didn't have the same effect. I haven't done a ton of research, but I think there is actually science underlying how these songs are chosen, and that they've been shown to decrease barking, etc in kennels or shelters. Highly recommend. If you want to save money, your dog won't mind if you only download one song and just play it on a loop. Waltz is my favorite. That might be a good idea anyway, since some dogs seem to respond to music much more strongly than others. If you have a noise reactive dog, I recommend ordering a cyclone fan, and adding this music when that is not enough to drown out outside sounds. You can turn the music and fan off for a short time each day, and feed high-value treats, so your dog starts getting more comfortable with those noises.
I listened to the sample songs online...LOVED the soothing, relaxing feeling immediately! Hoping this will end many restless nights.  I cannot wait for the CD to arrive!
I rock my girls to sleep with this CD and the soothing tones make ME want to drift off as well. This is the CD that started my love for the O'Neill Brothers and it's a great gift for expectant parents, first time parents or old hands.
This singer songwriter is a talented lady that I highly recommend.  The music is great and the quality great.  Great communication and delivery.Thanks
Calming, beautiful music :)  My son loves to take a nap with this on - goes into his crib with no fuss!
This is a wonderful cd for any age to add to your collection. The music is very soothing and peaceful, and would be a welcome addition to any bedtime routine. This would make a thoughtful and unique gift that any parent would appreciate!
This CD is a beautifully arrangement of lullabies!  It is very calming and my son loves listening to it at naptime and bedtime.  He even refers to it as "his music."  It has made falling asleep so much easier.  Great baby shower gift!!
This lullabye cd is a staple in our home.  We even travel with it!  It is pretty much on repeat in my cd player from 7am to 8am and it allows me to leave the room when putting my 3 yr old to sleep!  That in itself is PRICELESS!  Our favorite track is all the pretty horses, lulling babies to sleep for two generations, we were thrilled that this was included on the cd!
Prelude to a dream is an excellent title as this gem of an album will have you relaxing away into dreamland in no time. Excellent production and definitely worth getting!
The Fun Learning Chinese Language method of teaching is fun and interactive because they say an English word or sentence then they pause to give you some time to speak out the word or sentence in Chinese. Next they tell you the right way to say that word or sentence so that the next time you learn with the CD, you will pronounce Chinese words better. At the end of every lesson there is a different funny joke which features some culturally shocking stories, all of which are narrated by an extremely humorous joke-teller. I like the format of these two Chinese language seminars because they consist of just the CDs and nothing else.  Nothing else is needed: no textbooks, writing materials, or internet homework, it is just two CDs. You don't feel the pressure of studying.  You can just play your CDs anywhere you go, I especially like playing the CDs in my car while driving because I feel like I am saving time.  I am amazed at how much that way of studying really saved my time and got me to improve my Mandarin. I only wish that they would have made more CDs so that I could enjoy teaching myself Mandarin and I wish that they would have also included more funny jokes on Vol.2. My advice to them is to hurry-up and write Vol. 3 and Vol.4, etc...One more thing, it won't be effective to you if you only buy the Vol.1, because vol.1 is to teach words, and vol.2 is to teach sentences made up from the words taught in vol.1.
This CD is lovely for children who grow up speaking or learning Lakota, but it is also great for everybody who is learning the Lakota language. Some of the songs are children songs known around the world - so even if you don't understand every word at the beginning, you might guess the meaning.Others are songs with traditional melodies which will help you to learn things like the numbers and the days of the week.And in case you don't want to learn the language at all - they are nice listening to anyway. But you will surely end up singing the days of the week in Lakota one day. ;D
Love hearing these beautiful songs in the native language. I especially enjoyed the Elder singing Hosisipa...love the beautiful Lakota language...
Makes you want to get up and dance while singing multiplication tables. My kids love it and request it frequently.
This series of Feldenkrais Method(r) lessons is a valuable resource for anyone interested in moving better, seeing better, and feeling better. Webber gives clear directions and creates an atmosphere of safe exploration. It is amazing to have so much material available for such a low price.
I purchased the Letter Birds book, written by Pam Spremulli, as a baby present for a friend.  I learned that Jackson Rohm had written a song to accompany the book and I must say that listening to his colorful, toe-tapping song while reading the book is the best of both worlds!  I highly recommend both the song and the book to anyone who likes great children's books and music.  What a treat for all ages!Letter Birds: ABC alphabet bird book
Younger children really enjoy and have fun with Eric Litwin's songs and stories.  They're easy to understand, easy to follow, and easy to learn.  I ended up buying his whole &#34;color&#34; series of CD's (songs).
We bought this item one night we when it seemed next to impossible to get our one year old to bed.  He loved listening to the lullaby tunes to Mom's favorite songs - this includes the lullaby versions of some great classic rock, alternative, and new wave songs.  Very cute and something everyone won't mind listening to.  I downloaded it on my kindle so I can turn it on upstairs and we can enjoy and my son can get some rest - this is the only lullaby cd that helps him fall asleep!
This is great music especially for those who do not like to sleep or have a hard time staying asleep.  My grandbabies want to listen to the music all the time.  I like it myself and listen to it also just for me.  How peaceful it is.  Try it and I am sure you will enjoy it as we do.
Great CD or various artists and popular songs. It is more for mommy and daddy than the baby. Good buy.
Amazing song selection. So many great classics. My child loves listening to this while she takes her naps and at night.
When I saw this album cover, I thought it would be yet another generic lullaby album. I felt the title did not say much about it until I realized that this truly is an album of the 50 GREATEST Baby Lullabies - not a figure of speech, but actually THE superlative choice for all your lullaby needs! I currently do not have any children under the age of 8, but I quickly realized that this album can bring joy even without its baby-soothing qualities. Each song is a revelation of the wonder contained in the music. Knowing that this album exists makes me like the world a little more.
This CD is great for preschoolers.It moves fast, but not too fast.Tunes and clear and easy to rememberand it promotes love and kindness.I use it every day during Yoga Circle at my preschool.
I was first attracted to the album by one of the songs on Pandora but could not find it to purchase there. The song that first impressed me is &#34;E Mama E&#34; which features what sounds like a mother's heart beat in the background. I would imagine this would be very soothing to a newborn. Even as a 70-year-old, I found the entire album very conducive to relaxation and sleep. It includes such favorites as Hush Little Baby, All Through the Night, Brahms lullaby, and Pachabel's Canon in D along with ocean waves and birds sounds and fourteen more lullabies. What a great baby gift this would make, either in CD or digital format.
I bought this for my grandchildren and preschoolers to listen when taking a nap.  It is such a beautiful mix of songs performed expertly, everyone who has heard it loves it.
My daughter was in a medically enduced coma this past Fall and I wanted her to have something soothing playing to let her know that we were there with her.  This Hawaiian Style Lullaby did wonderful for her and us as well.  Every time I had to leave her ICU room, I made sure it was playing so that she wouldnt feel alone or abandoned.
We have two children ages 4 and 19 months, they both enjoy the music and learning experiences! We listen in the car all the time. The music is fresh and different, the kids sing along and can't wait to listen again. Very fun.
When the train whistle blows, the children know it's time for doing, learning, and fun! The music is of exceptionally high quality and Miss Dee has a beautiful warm voice. The songs are very educational, right on target and teach among other things, colors, numbers and letters. It is our classroom favorite and we play it every day when it is time to do hands-on work. My own children are older now, but this is a CD I would have played in the car as a parent. I usually give books to new parents when the baby has arrived to kick start their in-home read aloud book collection. I will now include this CD as well.
I use this CD often in my classroom, the sutdents loved forming a circle and going around their ABC's during the Alphabet Train. This song also helps young children learn what their names begin with "if your name starts with A get on board". My students also get a kick out of RED, Yellow & Green the traffic light song. Several parents have told me that their children often sing this song while riding in the car. I also used the song I Got Ten when teaching students to count using their finger. This CD is great for Pre-K students.
Miss Dee's songs are great learning tools because they have fun, repetitive lyrics and great sound effects. As a First Grade teacher, I know that music is one of the best ways for young children to learn and remember.
This CD is filled with very sweet and simple music. Perfect for background music for little ones and older ones too!
We love music in this house.  This is an excellent collection of songs for learning the multiplication tables.  Great vocal and guitar, simple but so nice and clever.  My daughter wants to listen to it.  Simplicity is awesome for a kid with focusing issues - there is not extraneous noise (aka loud synthesized music in the background) to distract.  Just a man, his voice and his guitar.  It's awesome.
Well, I've been looking for a supplement to help my special needs son, learn multiplication.  Most CD's I found were babyish or rap music which we don't care for.  The songs on this CD are simple yet folksy, funny and cleverly done.  All of us love listening (which is saying something for a CD that is all about skip counting!)even my children 6 years and under are listening and soaking up the songs. Don't hesitate to get this CD!
I bought this as a MP3 on a whim because my daughter was starting to learn multiplication. This is the most listenable math music CD I have found. He has a great sound so that I don't mind listening to it and my kids love to listen to it. I just can't bear the rap and super kid sounding CDs. My 8 year old daughter asks to listen to it every time we get in the car. It is helping to solidify the facts she is learning. It is challenging to her to try to say them faster. I highly recommend It!
I received a copy of this CD when my oldest was 2.  It did the trick to help her fall asleep at naptime.  However, there was the added benefit of all the educational content of the songs.  Now my younger child (age 2) knows all her letter sounds, counts, and adds just from listening to the CD at naptime.  Definite recommendation!
Like another reviewer, I actually listened to these as I child. I remember being very small and not only enjoying the songs, but being comforted and learning. I attribute learning the numbers one through ten in Spanish and the months of the year to the cassette tape we had of Milne's songs. My mom sang "I Love You So Much" throughout my childhood (even long after we lost or broke the cassette).Any young child will benefit from listening to this CD. Trust me. I'm living proof.
My son loves listening to the songs. He isn't two and he's already saying a lot of letter sounds from this. It's very educational and the songs are catchy. Look of the artist up on YouTube and you will find tons of great videos by her. I definitely recommend to anyone.
I am so glad that Amazon has this original version!  I had the cassette and lost it in a fire.  I've been looking on & off for a replacement on CD.  Didn't want to risk what changes might have been made to the new Sounds Like Learning CD, so I purchased this MP3 version instead.  I love it!  Great &#34;get stuck in your head&#34; songs!
The songs on this CD are very melodic and soothing.  The songs are all educational.  They help teach the days of the week, the sounds of the alphabet, counting, and more.  I prefer this older version of the "Letter Sounds" song to the new one, found on "Sounds Like Learning."  The examples make much more sense to me.  The "Letter Sounds" song is maybe my second favorite, with my first being "I Love You So Much."  I love to sing that to my little girl.
I had this in cassette tape form when my 2 children were toddlers and we always listened to it in the car. My children started preschool able to say their abc's, count, knew their letter sounds, basic addition etc. (although they sometimes sang them to the teacher). Now my children are all gown up and my daughter has just started her first teaching job. She uses this cd during their circle time to sing along with her preschoolers as they learn their ABC's, count etc. Great then and still great now!
My parents played this tape every night for me when I was a kid. I distinctly remember asking for the "Muffin Tape" (named after the first track) every night so I could go to sleep. I still know all of the songs by heart...although the last few tracks are a bit more fuzzy, probably because the tape put me to sleep! Now that I've got a 7 month old of my own, I've been singing her this songs for her and she loves them! I'm so glad that I could find this childhood memory in digital format! You can bet this CD will be on repeat for our little one every night from here on out.
One of my boys prekindergarten teacher made us a copy of the Letter Sounds song for him to listen to. We liked it so much, so my husband asked her what was the name of the cd. We looked for it at discoverytoys.com, but the cd was pricey and I didn't like the new version of the Letter Sounds song. So I came here to Amazon and found exactly what I was looking. We listen to everyday for hours.
I played this for my 3 boys whle they were growing up. Now I own a preschool & play for my students at nap. My cassette is over 15yrs old. So happy its available in digital. Love this music, a must have for reinforce what we are teaching them.
I used this tape for nap and bedtime for both my kids, and now for the next generation. The songs are catchy and a great way to learn letter sounds, months of the year, etc.
This is a great cd with very developmentally appropriate material. I bought it to us with my Head Start classroom and it is perfect for rest time!
The Sun Dance absolutely captivated our 18 month old. He would do all the moves along with the video at home, then several days later spontaneously do a sun salutation in public, usually to "show off/get attention" but everyone was very impressed and toddler knew yoga.
Love this record/mp3/cd.  The songs are catchy and easy to learn.  The only thing I don't like is Cookie Monster's poor grammar, but I guess that's what makes him Cookie Monster.  :
This CD has the same songs I had in 45rpm format as a child.  Favorite old alphabet songs with a &#34;new&#34; Elmo song included.
My kids love this and we all enjoy listening to it in the car.  My son is in preschool so he really liked hearing the different songs about the different letters.
I was stunned to see this album available in mp3 format! I am so thrilled though because this was a staple of my childhood and still remember the whole album verbatim! Thanks Amazon!
Listened to the record as a kid and it brings back so many memories! Going to pass this one along to my nieces amd nephew!
We had this record when our children were little.  They loved it!  Now playing it for my 3 and 8 year old grandgirls, they're loving it too!
I'm playing the original record now and couldn't believe Amazon actually had the digital version of it.  One of the best kid records ever!
I had this cassette when I was little growing up and loved singing along. My son will be two at the end of January and enjoys watching the characters on television. I bought it for him. Just as expected he says the character names when they sing and he dances  along with the tunes. As he continues to grow he will love to sing along just as I did. This is evident from his  current reactions to the music and characters.
I was so excited to be able to download my son's childhood favorite. ( he is now 33!) I have always loved A Very Simple Dance. We will be dancing to it at my Preschool this year.
My husband said he had memories of listening to this growing up so I purchased it for our three kids, ages 1,2, and 5. Let me just say, once you start listening you don't want to stop! My kids request it every time we get in the car if it isn't already on and it is the ONLY thing they will be completely quiet for because they love to hear it! Even my hubby and I enjoy the music as the tunes are very catchy and cute. Probably the best kids sing along EVER!P.S. It's also good for cheering you up- there's no way you can listen to this without getting a smile on your face. =)
I grew up with this cassette and LOVED it! I've looked for it several times and had given up on finding it, so I was super excited to see it here.It's just like I remember it - starting with Ernie pushing the piano into the bathroom while poor Bert is taking a shower. It's got great songs and an ongoing amusing theme about Bert wanting to get out of the tub.My three-year-old loves it too (a piano in the bathroom! that's silly!) and can listen to it all the way through, which is not easy for a squirrelly preschooler. I think this may be the only album I've seen him listen to all the way through.I highly recommend it.
Memories of my children's young year's!!! Great to use for grands on road trips or to start the day in preschool!
I was so excited when I saw this album on amazon. Listening to it brings back so many memories and I can not wait to share this with my nephew.
This is one great album. Bert trying to take a bath and everyone crowds into the bathroom and has a sing-a-long. They sing some great sons. Bert complains but comes around in the end. All the Senate street characters come and join in. It is funny and entertaining.
Love this album- so glad to finally be able to listen to it.  Love sharing songs from my childhood with my 2 y/o Sesame Street fan!
In the storyline that goes through the entire album, Bert is just trying to take his bath in peace, when Ernie pushes the piano into the bathroom for a sing-along (because, of course, everyone sounds better in the bathroom). Much to Bert's mortification, soon the whole rest of the Sesame gang shows up!The storyline is hilarious and features many top-notch numbers, including Bert and Ernie singing the ironically titled "I Refuse to Sing Along," the rocking group number "Oscar Don't Allow," and the soft, lyrical "Morningtown Ride" by Bob McGrath. Many of these great compositions were produced for the first time for this album; some were never recorded again. Those that are already familiar to listeners, such as "C is for Cookie" and "What's the Name of that Song?" are nonetheless completely unique interpretations for this album.If you're looking for a great piece of vintage Sesame Street to share with your kids, or to enjoy for nostalgia's sake, this is the one.
I have an 18-month old daughter, and she really loves this album!  For many adults with young children now, the Sesame Street of yesteryear is a cherished memory.  This sing-along album is a great way to re-live some of those memories with your own kids.  We had an old vinyl album of it, then I bought it on MP3.  Highly recommended!
We bought this after going to Sesame Place and hearing all of these tracks in their stage shows. It was a huge hit with the kids to be able to listen to the music over and over after that visit!
Thank you for this album, It was just as expected and I am really enjoying it. Thank you very much.
I am a firm believer that children's music should be as enjoyable for the parents/adults who have to listen to it as well as the children.  This definitely fits that requirement.  The collection is fun, the music is well written and it is never obnoxious.  My kids love it too!
My toddler grandson loves this CD!  He wants to hear it everytime we get in the car. I wish I could find more like this!
Truely a way of life.  It is fascinating and you listen over and over again.  May Allah reward you abundantly for this act of ibada
A cute comedy we all can relate to.  A loyal worker is out of work because of religious discrimination.  This sets up the tale for the divine providence which then follows as his boss hires someone to replace him who ends up teaching the boss a thing or two.  Rabbi Yitzy Erps' masterpiece is a delight for one and old.
This CD rocks. My nieces love it. Their Mom loves it. I love it.&iexcl;Excelente Fabuloso! is engaging and entertaining (educational too, ssh! You don't have to tell them!) The songs are catchy, enjoyable to listen to, and fun to sing. My nieces are speaking - in espanol - about the weather, singing about their favourite (dancing) fruit, and sharing what's in their backpacks (mostly 'normal' stuff!!). They're topics kids can relate to, accompanied by a great Spanish/Mexican-sounding ensemble that keep it lively. There are also bilingual vocab tracks which are nice, they're clearly spoken & interesting to listen to. They're good for introducing words from conversational Spanish, & they're acting as confidence boosters for words they are still learning.The album is full of energy and applicable Spanish, & presents JUST enough silliness to keep the kids interested, but not lose focus.You'll find yourself singing along too straight away. The CD is good for kids, but adults will like it too!
Our family discovered the music of the Okee Dokee Brother's in 2012.  In 2013 with the release of Can You Canoe we became big fans. And after discovering their Excellente Fabuloso CD our love for their music grew.  Great music to sign along with my son who is learning Spanish.  The album is awesome!  I only wish they would release another CD in Spanish.
This album is like a diamond in the rough.  I discovered in on NPR, and then immediately bought it for a friend and her toddler.  What I didn't realize was how much EVERYONE I introduced this to was going to enjoy it.Having a bad day? Tired on a drive? Exhausted from a late night?  Just start playing Excelente Fabuloso and all your troubles melt away.  AND you're learning Spanish at the same time!The only sadness I have with this album is that it is too short, and I want more.  Good music.  Learning Spanish.  Fun for all ages.  You won't regret the investment.
Very nice and calming music. Great voice! Perfect for any child... and even any adult who wants to relax at night
I listened to this album repeatedly when I was young, and it was a highlight of my childhood. It is truly magical. I was able to play it for my now 9 year old daughter on a turn table when she was little, and I am very happy to finally have it on a modern format for my 2 year old son.
Hooray! Hooray! Hooray! I'm so glad Sesame Street has released this! This was one of my favorite albums as a kid-- I went to sleep listening to this many nights. I'm so thrilled to be able to share it with my daughters.
We had this LP when our children were young... so to find it again for our grandchildren was a treat. The songs are good, the story telling very fun, and Praire Dawn's dragon song has been a favority lullaby for a long time.
was so glad to see it come out on cdmy kids grew up in the 60's and loved these storieshappy to share them with the next generation
This is exactly as I remembered it from childhood, and is still as good.  All of the Fairy Tales are marvelous - especially Cookie Monster's version of Hansel and Gretel. Wonderful!
I turned it on in the car and it caught the attention of all my kids(ages 3-12)--and me too!  I love how this CD has Count Dracula--I missed him.  I'll be looking for more similar items.
My family has owned this record since it first came out in 1979.  I'm 32 now and I haven't seen or heard this album in YEARS.  five or six years ago, I found the record at my parents home and got so excited.  I couldn't play the record because I don't have a record player anymore.  I searched the internet looking for a CD version of it and couldn't find one.  I vowed that I was going to convert my vinyl and give it to my sisters and brothers as a sentimental gift... I never did it. :-)  This morning, this record was on my mind.  I told myself today, I was going to pull it out of the drawer I was keeping it in and was going to get it converted.  Something told me to search the internet again just to see if it was available, and GUESS WHAT?!  IT'S HERE, and in MP3 format!!! I'm so very excited!  My vinyl copy is all scratched up and I was ready to be disappointed about the quality of the conversion but now I don't have to be.  I can't wait to listen to "What Makes Music" again and let my sister her "Me Lost Me Cookie at the Disco".  That was her favorite song.  The memories of listening to this album on a Saturday evening with my sisters and brothers is one of the happiest.  I love this album for sentimental reasons.  I plan on sharing it with my daughter and my nieces and nephews so they can relive the fun with us.
I listened to this as kid on a record player and now my son loves tot listen to the MP3. If you kids like to listen or read books they will love these silly stories.
I grew up on this stuff.. now that the little one is here we wanted her to experience the same fantastic songs.  Only wish it had that vinyl sound but otherwise it's top notch.
In this current age with rap being a popular genre, it's hard to keep kids interested with simple tunes. All of the songs have great beats, I think I'm listening to a top 10 rap hit but this actually has substance. I just got it off itunes after listening to a song on youtube my son fell in love with. Days of the week, months, spelling, clean up time,s hapes, sharing, numbers and they relate it to the kids lifestyles. I love it!
Sesame Street is just the best!  I love this album!  My favorite song on the album is &#34;I hate Christmas&#34; thanks Oscar!
Always great stuff from Sesame Street!  So happy to get this on Amazon.  Had this when I was a little girl!  So happy to own it again!  Thanks Amazon!
We had the album when the kids were small and it first came out. Then we put it on cassette tape for the car. Played it till it couldn't play anymore. Now we have it on our devices to play any where and our kids and their kids love it!
If you have children, then this is a wonderful cd that both adults and children can relate to.  In a world where so many tragic things happen, it's so reassuring that solid values are still being offered.  I love the way that they teach things like sharing / giving in a way that the smallest of children can understand and with characters that the children can relate to.  Well done Sesame Street!
GREAT NEWS! NOW AVAILABLE AS BOTH A CD-R AND AN MP3 HERE ON AMAZON!As of February 2011 Amazon has made the MP3 available as a CD-R; that is, it is recorded-on-demand onto a CD specifically made for the ordering customer.The "CD-R" link is here:Sesame Street: Merry Christmas From Sesame StreetThe "MP-3" download link is here:Sesame Street: Merry Christmas From Sesame StreetThe CD-R playlist appears to be exactly the same as the MP3-download playlist; both exclude the final LP song.All of the LP's ORIGINAL songs (except Side Two #8 /a song reprise) are included on both the CD-R and the MP3.Run time for both the CD & MP3 is 44.5 minutesThe original LP is located atMerry Christmas From Sesame StreetPLAYLIST & ARTISTS:1. Sesame Street Christmas Overture = Sesame Street Festival Orchestra2. We Wish You A Merry Christmas = The CompanyDavid, Mr. Hooper, Big Bird, Prairie Dawn, Herry Monster, Gordon, Bob, Grover, Susan, Luis, Maria, the Count, Bert, Ernie, Cookie Monster3. "Deck The Halls" MedleyDeck the Halls = Bert, Ernie, Herry Monster, Prairie Dawn, the CountJingle Bells = Herry Monster, David, GordonWhite Christmas = Bob, Susan, Mr. HooperWinter Wonderland = Big Bird4. I Hate Christmas = Oscar the Grouch5. A Christmas Story = Mr. Hooper, Bert, Ernie6. Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas = Bert & Ernie7. The Twelve Days of Christmas = Cookie Monster, Grover, Bert, Ernie, Oscar, the Count, Big Bird, Smart Tina, Herry Monster, Snuffleupagus, Prairie Dawn, Hardhead Henry Harris8. "It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas" MedleyIt's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas = Big BirdSilver Bells = Susan & GordonThe Christmas Song = BobSanta Claus Is Coming to Town = Grover9. The Night Before Christmas on Sesame Street = David10. Saludo (Aguinaldo) = Maria & Luis11. Arrurru = Maria & Luis12. (All I Want For Christmas Is) My Two Front Teeth = The Count13. A Christmas Pageant = Bert, Ernie, Prairie Dawn, Herry Monster, Grover, Cookie Monster14. Keep Christmas With You (All Through The Year) = Susan, Gordon, Big Bird, Luis, David, Bob, Prairie Dawn, ErnieThe omitted song is:15. (Side Two #8)"We Wish You A Merry Christmas (reprise) = Big Bird, Mr. Hooper, Oscar and Everyone"
Perfect for new parents who remember the 80s version of Sesame Street and Muppet Show before Elmo. Focus on original cast with Mr Hooper, David, and Maria with Jim Henson helping voice the early  muppets.
I chose this CD because as a young mother I chose this album as an LP at the time for my children to listen to.  Still love the Muppets and my daughter wanted a CD of this album.  It brings back happy memories for the whole family.
This album is one of the most charming Sesame Street endeavors, and I've often searched for it over the years. I got the LP as a kid in 1975, and played it about a hundred times on my Fisher Price record player, when I was 5 and 6 years old. My own children now are not as enamored of Sesame Street as I was. But they do enjoy this album, and particularly love the story of Bert and Ernie giving up their treasured paperclip collection and rubber ducky for one another's sake. The music is beautifully prepared and executed. My highest recommendation to this album, and I am delighted to see it available in digital format.
I LOVE having this to play for the kids....it brings back so many childhood memories.  Great music, stories and will become part of our Christmas tradition with them too!
Our family always played this album while decorating our Christmas tree.  The album is now well worn so it was great to be able to find a copy and sing along with the Muppets again
My daughters had the vinyl version of this when they were small and they had quite a memory flash back!
I listened to this as a kid. So great to be able to download it. Not a bad price and I can burn CDs.
I listened to this when I was a child growing up.  Great sound quality, much better than my old scratched up record.  Glad Amazon finally got a copy in digital format!
I grew up with this album and we decorated our tree to it every year.  So for my son's first xmas, I decided to buy it and play it when we decorated our tree.  I still love it.
I grew up listening to this album and am so glad that I was able to purchase it through Amazon!
I originally bought this (cassette) for my then young children more than 20 years ago. They immediately loved it and continue to enjoy it as part of their holiday tradition (they're in their twenties!) The songs and arrangements are terrific and fun, but what makes this recording special is that it plays much like a live performance. The Sesame Street characters' personalities are woven perfectly into the song recordings. It also features voices of the original artists, which for us creates a whole other level of appreciation for this CD as a piece of lost art. A few years ago I started a search for this so I could give it to my children for their own homes, but it was nowhere to be found - not even from the Sesame Street website. We're thrilled to finally find it! If you love the original Sesame Street characters as much as we do, you and your children will LOVE this Sesame Street Christmas Sing-Along! Other Sesame Street Sing-alongs were produced - but this one is the best!
We bought the CD of this recording when the LP quality ran out. It is filled with great Christmas tunes like We Wish You a Merry Christmas, and the Twelve Days of Christmas, but it also has holiday favorites like Jingle Bells and Frosty the Snowman. The Sesame Street characters add character to each of the songs so it makes the album special and quite apt for singing along. A very fun time indeed.
We love all the songs by this artist!  He does a great job of teaching the children without even realizing it!
I really enjoy this Eric Litwin series of CD's.  He's very child oriented and the songs are fun, easy to learn and have brought smiles to my music classes (PK-K-1st grade)!  Kudos to this series!
Not only is this a great CD for kids, it's a great CD for grandparents, too.  (Even parents will enjoy it.)  I never cease to wonder at Monty's clever lyrics, and I never cease to wonder at his ability to combine his interest in science with his love of music.
Kids love him. Parents love him. Librarians love him. And now scientists love him, too. Who? Why, Monty Harper, of course. You've got to listen to an album or two of his to get infected with Harper's wacky genius and prodigious knack for writing refreshingly fun lyrics with killer melodies. He makes it sound easy.As a parent, I can tell you, we say, "Yeah!" when our seven-year-old asks us to play Monty Harper on long road trips. How many kids' musicians do you feel that way about, honestly? And I can sing some of his songs because I like them and wanted to learn the words to them. Monty Harper's music is just like that.His latest work, Songs From the Science Frontier, is a tour de force of all the great Harper magic--with a science twist. Harper put a ton of research and many interviews with scientists to get the science part of these songs right. And kids can learn something and be inspired by the fun mysteries of the realms of science he explores through these song. Why doesn't some philanthropist make a gift of this CD to elementary school science students all over the country? And why can't fun and learning go hand in hand? They do in this album.
Monty Harper has not only written some great songs about all things science but has wrapped them in some first rate production and mucisianship. Songs from the Science Frontier is every Science Teachers dream comes true. A copy of this CD should be in every elementary science class in the country. All of the songs are well crafted with clever lyrics, stellar musicianship, great energy that kids will love and lots and lots of science!Parents...buy a CD for your kids first and another one to donate to your child's school. The teachers and students will thanks you.
Monty Harper's "Songs from the Science Frontier" is a fun album of kids songs about science. Each song has a catchy tune, but also does a good job of explaining a science topic on a level that children can grasp.  "Songs from the Science Frontier" can be compared to the They Might Be Giants album "Here Comes Science", but it goes a step further with the science. Unlike an album of songs about introductory topics, "Songs from the Science Frontier" contains songs which deal with current, cutting-edge scientific research, with topics like thermophilic bacteria and developmental psychology. For example, the song "Acrocanthosaurus" isn't just a song about dinosaurs, it illustrates how science is a process of investigation; while not all of the answers are known yet, the mysteries still to be solved are what makes science so fun! The science frontier is, after all, the last great frontier to explore...My kids both love this album, and often listen to it as they are falling asleep at night. When asked which is his favorite song, my son(7) says, "All of them!" My daughter(9) says her favorite is "Grain of Sand" which is a slow, sweet song.I think my favorite is "Wind Energy", which describes exactly how we get energy using a windmill.I would recommend this album to parents and teachers of children Pre-K through 5th or 6th grade. The younger kids will enjoy dancing and singing along to tunes like "Super Scientist". The older kids will enjoy learning the science to be found inside each song.
OH my! Monty Harper is so clever! I love his music. This CD does NOT disappoint. All creative, ingenious songs about science. Your children (and you) will be dancing and singing to these education songs. They will teach things, cement them and keep the scientific information humming in your head! Must-have-for-remembering-science-IS-fun!
My kids love this cd. Their fave song is "Acrocanthrosaurus." My favorite is "Ain't it Beautiful." I intend to by this for my nieces for Christmas.
As a teacher and mom, I love Rockin' the Standards!!!  I've used their math CD for the last few years in 4th and 5th grades and have seen significant growth in my students.  It's great for struggling, at grade level and advanced students, which is why I was so excited about their new Language Arts album.  Rockin' the Standards Language Arts has not disappointed! Once again, they have taken state standards and created high interest songs that make learning fun, easier to retain, and more applicable to a student's life.  Any teaching tool that makes grammar rules and the writing process more interesting to elementary kids is a teacher's must have.  So when my students literally beg to sing Rockin' the Standards songs on a daily basis,  I know we're doing something right!
This album is a great music/movement choice for preschool classroom enviroment.  I enjoy sharing the music with my little ones.
WOW.  I found a copy of this at a garage sale and fell in love with it.  The music is absolutely beautiful and very soothing and the song selections include many that are not on the typical lullabye collections for children.  VERY well done in every way and one you won't get tired of.  WAY ABOVE AVERAGE.
Many people, adults and children alike, find the Bible to be dry and boring. The Bible in Living Sound is a great way to learn the great stories of the Bible. They engage the imagination.I listened to these volumes on records as a child and loved them. Somewhere along the way they were lost. I wanted my children to hear these stories, but didn't know where to look - I checked Amazon and sure enough, they had all the volumes.I highly recommend these stories.
These have been around for a LONG time. I grew up with the cassette tapes and between me and my sister, we wore out the tapes. They're family friendly, easy to understand, and the kids will love it.The stories are dramatized with appropriate characterization to support storytelling. Stories will be told from viewpoints of children, men, women, main biblical characters, followers, etc. They've done a very good job in keeping to what possibly could have been said and nothing more. Far superior to Your Story Hour, in my opinion. (I'm currently listen to this as a comparison and will try to update the post once I've finished).I repurchased the entire collection so I could listen to them again and also share with my wife who doesn't know the bible stories like I do. Our kids will listen to them and our friends will enjoy them. It's just a really great product that I can't say enough about.
These stories are timeless. I'm 45 years old and listenedto these stories as a child. They engage the imagination (something kids need more of these days).Thank God The Bible in Living Sound is still available all these years later in digital format. I have these stories on my phone so my kids can listen to them anywhere.
These stories are awesome.  I listened to them as a child and am thrilled to share them with my children.
I had this album when I was a child.  I listened to it all the time.  Now I downloaded to my phone and I play it for my toddlers at the day care center and I play it for my granddaughter.  Children love Sesame Street!
In addition to watching Sesame Street on TV, I grew up listening to this album on vinyl. In more recent years as an adult, I wondered if it would ever be reissued on CD or in MP3 files. I also learned that the album cover was a spoof onSaturday Night Fever, with Ernie, Bert & Cookie Monster in place of the Bee Gees, & Grover doing the John Travolta pose. Carroll Spinney normally did the voice of Oscar but for whatever reason was unable to do so for the song "Trash," so Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees filled in for him. The album's final track, "Has Anybody Seen My Dog," used to conclude on the vinyl with 2 barks from the missing dog, but the MP3 file has the fadeout minus the barks.I also recommend this album's sequel,Sesame Disco, which my cousin used to have on vinyl when we were kids.
I grew up listening to this album and still know it by heart as an adult with children of my own.  These tunes are catchy, fun, and loads of fun for kids ages 2-7.  The songs require kids to use their imagination and promote fun using things easily found around the house.  Any family would love to add this to their selection of car music, to break up the monotony of long road trips.  Two thumbs up from me, even 30 years later.
I remember listening to this record over and over when I was a kid and now my kids love it, too! So fun to find it here on Amazon!
I listened to this over and over when I was a little kid - we checked it out on vinyl from the local library and recorded it onto a tape.  I got it in MP3 form for my little one.  Even though he's not nearly old enough to appreciate it yet (only 3 months...) I enjoyed going back and realizing how many of the words I still know, and showing it to my husband.  I love all the Sesame Street/Muppets characters, and all these goofy songs make me happy.  Maybe it'll help baby boy learn his letters someday.
I loved this record when I was little. Can't believe I found it on Amazon! I bought both albums! Yay
I had this record when I was a kid, and its the best. I got the mp3's to play for my son, he's not too interested in it, but I still enjoy a good tiger hunt from time to time.
My brothers and I had this album (as a record!) as kids and did Ernie's "Tiger Hunt" over and over and over again.  I have many fond, silly memories of running around our living room acting out all parts of the Tiger Hunt with my brothers.  I have been looking for this for years, and was thrilled to find a digital/MP3 version which I can now use with my 3 year old daughter.  As I play through this, it's amazing to feel like a kid again as I remember every one of these skits.  Thanks Amazon!!
My brother and I spent many of days going on Ernie's tiger hunt, of course, we listened to the original 33 record. Wanted to share the experience with my nieces so, we now go on the Tiger Hunt outside listening on my Iphone.
Released four years prior to the glitz of 1978's Sesame Street Fever album, this record finds the G-man exploring his personal demons and his emotional triumphs. "What Do I Do When I'm Alone?", "Has Anybody Seen My Dog?" and "Am I Blue?" ask heartfelt questions important to a rocketing star at the inception of his career, while classics such as "Me" and "Near And Far" exemplify a young Grover reveling in his new found fame. This is an emotional roller coaster of an album that asks us along for the ride. My suggestion is that you accept the invitation!
My 20 month old loves this whole album!  Especially the G song. We listen to it whenever we're in the car  A classic!
Grandchildren really love anything having to do with instruments.  We have many book about instruments and this just reinforces their knowledge
I grew up on this, and have very fond memories of the songs and the funny dialog. I bought it so my son can grow up on it too, and somehow it is even better than I remembered. I miss not having the record jacket to look at while I listen, but what can you do. The music is so wonderful; these are songs you will enjoy getting stuck in your head, instead of those insipid kids songs that make you want to claw your ears off.
I am so excited to see this in mp3 format :D I am going to purchase this immediately!! This was one of my very first albums as a kid and I listened to it all the time! Sesame Street anything is classic, and still a favorite of mine to this day, so I am over the moon that Amazon has "Surprise!" available on mp3. If you had this and you loved it, buy it again..if your kids love Sesame Street and they haven't heard this, buy it--they'll love these songs :) Every once in a while one of them still gets stuck in my head :O Silly, fun, YAY!!! Sesame Street forever &lt;3 &lt;3
This was one of my favorite records growing up - my sister & I wore out the LP & any cassette copies we had were lost long ago, so I was THRILLED to see it available on Amazon.  My son absolutely LOVES it - the songs are playful, catchy, and just as fun to hear upon the 100th play as they are the 1st.  He settles down the moment he hears the opening chords of "I'm Flying" and gets restless if the entire album isn't on replay.  A must-own for any Sesame loving family.
My favorite is 'las criaturas del mundo' ... your results may vary.A beautiful album of children's songs for Ruhi classes, or anywhere your Baha'i adventures take you.
This was the favorite music if my 3 sons 30 years ago. Wish Sesame Street was like it was then. Fabulous album. My grandchildren will go crazy dancing to this.
I was able to purchase this in first grade.  We had RIF (reading is fundemental) come to our school and I chose this album.  Still have it to this day... love all the songs.  I don't even have to listen to the album because the songs are forever engrained in my mind.  Subtraction Blues is the best song on there... "I had 4 pieces of pizza"... such a throwback to innocence... I love love love this album...
I've been playing the djembe for quite some time(almost 20 years) and already know a lot of solos but this is a great tool for learning new ideas. If you are new to the djembe, conga or other hand drum or if you are just new to soloing, this will give you a nice place to start. It's in an easy 'call and response' format so you don't need to memorize an entire solo nor do you have to worry about getting too much info at once. Just put on some headphones, grab your drum and play along. It's also nice because there are djundjun(bass drum) patterns playing to give one a nice solid foundation so that you can keep in time. As an added bonus, the price is quite reasonable for all you get!
PARENTAL DISCRETION IS ADVISEDThe LadyBugs are an all female animated rock band that performs educational children's music that deals with mature subject matter. If you need help talking to your kids about where babies come from, staying safe from creepy adults, and eating healthy food, The LadyBugs are here to help!Dorothy Wallace
The ladybugs rock... All their songs are professionally crafted, The lyrics are mature and very thought provoking... I eagerly await their full length movie release on DVD ;-)
Catchy songs, great messages for kids. Just the right dose of humor and attitude. Can't praise this album enough. Can't wait for the next one!
This album is instructive and positive compared to most children's nursery rhymes if you listen closely to the lyrics of Alouette, London Bridge, Peter Pumpkin eater, 3 Blind Mice, Georgie Porgie, Jack and Jill, Rock-a-bye-baby, Old Woman who lived in a shoe, or Ring-around-a-rosie and many others.
Radically Free is a fun way to help children learn the concepts of good nutrition.  As easily as children memorize facts with music, this is a "sure bet" to get kids thinking correctly about how they "fuel" their growing bodies.Lyrics are catchy and can make an impact on a young life.As with veggies and fruits; in regards to this collection of tunes: "Try It, You'll Like It!"
This is an awesome album, I love the lyrics and how they combine wit and love.  As I listened to the song Boobie Snack I was wishing that my son would wake up from his nap to nurse.
Such a great album. The entire album is fun for both mom and baby. Music for breastfeeding! Why did no one think of it sooner!? Buy this album!I can't wait to hear more from this artist.
So much fun learning the Bible books in order . I was having trouble  finding the book and text before the preacher was finished because I never did learn them as a child. So I decided I was going to do it now at 63 years old. I thought I wonder if there is a  song? I went to the Amozon store and of course  there were a bunch of them. I listened to them all and decied this is the one for me. You see I write gospel songs and I also learn songs by using CD tracks  so I figured that would be the easiest way for me to do it. I downloaded it to my kindle and I play it everyday and sing along,  What a joy  it is I know I will have it down pat in no time! When I do I can't wait to teach it to my grandchildren because I know they will love this one too.
If you didn't know the books of the bible, you will now!! Not only do my Children love it but I do too!!
I love these songs! They teach the children such important things. I grew up listening to these songs! They are the best!
These songs are not only for little Jewish children. They are for adults too, of every race and background! Song in general is a great way to instill good habits in us and these songs in particular bring out the best value system of how people should speak to and treat each other. I grew up with this and I always think of these songs in daily life situations! If you want your family to treat each other nicely and live with respect, totally get this CD...
I have used these songs in my Montessori classrooms for the last 15 years.The children in my classrooms have loved singing these songs.The preschool children in my classrooms have sung these songs in live performances to their parents.The parents and the children really like these songs.
My son was having difficulty learning his multiplication tables. He enjoyed listening to them to music and learned them much faster.  Great resource for use at home and in the classroom.
My first grand child !!! I love this... It makes me almost nod off too at the end of the day. !! So soothing!! I sent it to my kids to play for their daughter .
There are lots of tracks, with a good variety of styles. I prefer simple piano music for class. I would recommend this.
Love this music for ballet class. It's very different from other ballet class music and I could tell that my students enjoyed dancing to the music.
This is wonderful music for ballet class. Each track has a CLEAR preparatory intro--any experienced ballet instructor that understands musical phrasing for ballet would find this compilation a great choice.
"Childhood II "is the follow-up to Christine Brown's 2004 release "Childhood: Comforting Music for Parent and Child." Like the first album, these are Brown's arrangements of familiar children's songs, presented in medleys played on piano and keyboard with sampled strings and sometimes guitar, flute, and atmospheric sounds. Christine Brown is a magnificent pianist and composer, so her occasional collections of arrangements of familiar songs are always fun to listen to. Some of the thirteen tracks are fairly complex while others are more simple. Most are performed at a tempo that would encourage relaxation, a nap, or even bedtime. There are more than twenty individual songs counting the medleys, and one Christine Brown original, "Hopscotch." What a great way to introduce little ones to their heritage of children's music, and I'm sure toddlers and youngsters will love to sing along with the songs they already know. This is truly an album the whole family can enjoy!"Childhood II" begins with a medley of "Bicycle Built for Two" and "Billy Boy," a charming opening that sets the stage for what is to come. "Sing a Song of Sixpence" paired with "Pop Goes the Weasel" is the most elegant and graceful rendition of these two songs you're likely to ever hear. "Farmer in the Dell" and "Three Blind Mice" are dancelike and carefree although the strings keep them grounded. I read some time ago that you can walk down a street in any city in the world and hear someone playing "Fur Elise." I doubt that's true, but it is certainly one of the most-taught pieces in piano lessons for students of any age. Brown's arrangement incorporates the familiar melody with an original interpretation for piano, strings, and guitar. Fun! I was captivated by Brown's lovely version of "Down By the Station" and couldn't believe that it was paired with "Do Your Ears Hang Low"! I have to admit that this one made me laugh out loud. "You Are My Sunshine" is prefaced with a few bars of "Over the Rainbow," creating a sweet and gentle love song. "Hopscotch" is playful and innocent, dancing around the piano keys with strings, bells, and light percussion in the background. "This Old Man" and "A-Tisket, A-Tasket" are wistful and dreamy. The closing medley is a piano solo simply titled "America (patriotic medley)," and includes "America," "America the Beautiful," and "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" - a strong and heartfelt ending!"Childhood II" is a great gift for children (and inner children!) of all ages.
I have this on my Kindle and use it at nap time for my 3 tear old. I seems to enjoy it.
I tend not to play music for my girls (ages 2 and 2 months respectively) when they go to bed but Love Songs and Lullabies by Emma Wallace has changed our nap and bedtime rituals!  This CD includes the sweetest collection of songs and it's made even better by Ms. Wallace's beautiful and soothing voice which really brings these songs to life while keeping the mood mellow, the better for your little ones to drift off to sleep.Outside of naps and bedtime, my two year has found the CD perfect for practicing her "ballybeeni" (ballerina) moves.  This CD is perfect for those times you want your children to relax and it makes an AWESOME baby gift!UPDATE 5/31/2013:  almost two years later and my girls (now 4 and 2) both still fall asleep listening to "Miss Emma".  We love this CD just as much now as we did when the girls were younger.
Love Songs and Lullabies is a wonderful addition to the Emma Wallace collection.  Far different from any of her previous works, the songs are lilting and warm and soft.This album is not a children's album full of nonsense and rhymes, instead it is a quiet album of love songs reflecting a broader sense of family love and bonds.  Many songs, like "Cuddle Up a Little Closer" are more traditionally love songs, yet seem to fit perfectly to be sung to a child or infant (or a significant other).To digress a moment, "Cuddle Up a Little Closer" certainly has stood the test of time. It was written in 1908 by (the now virtually unknown) Karl Hoschna.  Emma's version is lovely.While every track is wonderful, I would be very remiss not to single out the very beautiful "Odayaka-na Yume No Shugosha" featuring Marie Kuzniar as a really extraordinary instrumental track.  That track alone in worth the price of the album.  But DO BUY the entire album and listen to it in track order to experience the full beauty of Emma's work.
I am delighted with the response my grandchildren have given to this album.  The music is played often, my grandchildren sing the words and the music is hummed often throughout the day.  They react to the quick, catchy tunes with both dancing and song.  The music is easy to listen to for both children and adults.  What I like very best is the positive upbeat message in every song. It is wonderful to listen to the words with the kids and know that every word is not only proper and "safe" for young minds, but also the songs carry simple, powerful messages to help children grow into strong, happy children.  The lyrics are great to start discussions with the children.  This is a wonderful gift.
We got this album about 3 months ago and my kids absolutely love it. My three year old sings along to all the songs.  When we get in the car he frequently shouts "music! music!" referring to Down By the River.  They especially love "I Can Do It By Myself" and we often hear them singing the words around the home. The music is uplifting and the lyrics are wholesome and inspiring.  I would HIGHLY recommend this album to anyone with children who enjoy music!
this album is amazing, very relaxing music with ocean, birds and rain back sound. when I first got it I played it for my baby to try to get him to take naps and I laid down with him and I feel asleep as well. Every time my baby or myself hear the music we get sleepy.
Exceeded my expectations and kids thoroughly enjoyed it, especially my eldest who's seven years old. Highly recommend it for children--language is appropriate and narrators' effects/voice make it all the more amusing.
Listen to the samples and see for yourself.  Mehdad Maryam Sinclair is the BEST storyteller I have ever heard.  The story is well-researched, compelling, suspenseful, told from the heart.  What a blessing to the Muslim community.  We love all of her recordings.  Can't wait to see what she does next!
This is my favorite story by Mehded Maryam Sinclair.  I would recommend it to everyone.  It says on the cover from ages 9-99, but that is not quite true.  my estimation is from about 5 to 150, and over :).  My little brothers ages 5 and 8 just love it also.  I most certainly cannot count how many times we listened to it in the car and at home.  It held my mom and dad as fascinated as I. I remember sitting in the car for a few minutes after we'd arrived at our destination :D, just sitting there deeply absorbed in the story, before my dad reluctantly turned the car off.This is not just the story you already know; there is so much more here. I learned about things that I had never heard of before. And I will never be able to forget them, the narration  is so good.  (It even inspired me to read Surat tul Yusuf in English.)A story can be the best in the world, but will sound awful if it has a bad reader.  You never need to worry about that with Mehded Maryam Sinclair.  In addition to her wonderful writing, she is a very good and engaging reader.  To hear her is to understand the difference between reading and storytelling.Overall I can't think of anything that is bad about this CD.I hope you find this review helpful.Fatima, age 13.
Listen to the samples and see for yourself.  Mahded Maryam Sinclair is a wonderful, very talented story-teller.  The story is well-researched, compelling, suspenseful, told from the heart.  We love every recording she has made.  Can't wait to see what she'll do next!  I highly recommend this to every Muslim, with or without children.
Although this is a stand-alone audiobook, it is actually meant to accompany the hard copy book. The book, Les Portes Tordues, is one of the most popular French language books out there because it is bilingual (French and English) and combines and integrates a mystery story into each chapter. As the website explains at thetwisteddoors dot com, the reader is motivated to learn each chapter and pass the chapter tests in order to find out how the mystery unfolds in the next chapter. I love the audio--the speakers speak very clearly and at a pace I can follow in the book. This greatly helps my comprehension of spoken French and also obviously helps with pronunciation. Because the speakers are acting out the mystery story, the dialogue is natural sounding, with intonations reflecting the emotions of the speakers.I can now listen to the mystery anywhere and I enjoy learning a chapter and then trying to see how much I can comprehend by just listening to the audio. It's amazing to me how much I have learned with the method of this book and audio.
This is a very challenging test, but it is very enjoyable. The reading is very expressive and fun. Tres jolie.
I needed something for our Math Olympics day at school since I was in charge of Musical Chairs and this CD provided a variety of music for the students to move to and practice their math skills.
My 7-week-old is a lovely baby, but not very interested in sleeping at night. We tried this CD for the first time last night, and had our best night of sleep since he's been born! I'm a musician, so I'm particularly fussy about what sounds are around me, and it's great to find a CD that both the baby and I like to sleep to!
As parents of a 3-month-year-old not overly keen on sleeping during the day, the CD was a godsend. It helped settle our little girl and give her the sleep she needs. I can thoroughly recommend this compilation.
great very eye opening I like Dr. Morter upfront person I person tells you what the truth is great to listen too
christmas songs are perfect for my pre-k class. I was able to play them every day from my kindle to keep the kids meery going into Christmas
I have been looking for a MP3 exercise program to use on my Galaxy 5.0 player. This is it. I am in a wheelchair and this program fits my needs very well. It is not too hard nor too easy. It is not to fast nor to slow. It is just right.
This was a favorite of mine as a child and was looking for it for my daughter, and was a bit dissapointed to find it was only on tape - still! This offers great music and lots of fun for the little ones - you can def make lasting memories playing along with Bert and Ernie!
This recording sounds exactly as I remember it! We used to listen to Christmas Eve on Sesame Street while decorating the tree as a kid and I missed it. I had this recording playing as I was decorating the tree this year and I felt like a little kid again!
A relative gave me this album when it came out.  I was 6.  I loved it then and I love it now.
I love this album! I used to listen to it as a child but we owned it on cassette. So glad I found this digital copy for my son. I agree with the other user that mentioned that it was missing that one song Katche green. That was a personal favorite.  If they can add that missing song itd be perfect!
My kids flipped over how fun the songs were. There are many different styles of music but mostly popular types. Songs are easily relatable for any kid. I bought this for my daughters rock star birthday party and all the kids loved it. Highly recommended!
Two thumbs up!It's long and it works!  I have almost always slept with a fan even in winter but now I done have too!  Thanks!
worked in a pinch while i was out of town and there was too much ambient noise in the hotel
If you like to sleep to white noise, this does the trick.  Covers quite a bit of external noise and the audio file is about 45 minutes, so looping is not frequent and does not disrupt you too much when the track starts over again.I would definitely buy this over again.
I have slept with a fan on year round for EVER.  My wife tricked me into this, and I do have to say...first night wasnt the best...next night and all since then?  GREAT!It fully drowns out the sound of allllll background noise..(except car stereo BASS) but hey, what does.This is great, and I mean really great.  There are others...THIS one sounds like a real fan...to me anyways.And no to mention that my light bill is much lower now that I dont have a fan on high 7 days a week for 7-9 hours a day.Do the mathOUT-
These pieces are called "meditations"  and you can really change your mental state if you set down other pursuits and listen to them.  If you have time for a journey, listen to the whole album in order; if you don't, choose one and BREATHE, to insulate yourself for a few minutes.
All of us have those days when we just want someone to take us away, to help us relax, to chill.  Whatever we choose to call it, we need a place to go to where all is calm and quiet, peace and serenity.  "All Through the Night" does just that.  Put on your headset, listen to the music and shut out the world.  Find yourself alone atop a mountain, relaxing on a pristine beach, soothing your muscles in a sauna, falling asleep to the music of the heavens.  Whatever your "happy place" might be, these songs of flute and harp will take you there.  If you don't mind the company, maybe I'll meet you on that mountaintop or beach or spa or floating on the clouds.  It's your dream, though, but only if you put on your headset, close your eyes and turn on the music.[...]
Great album of lullabies. We use it to calm our toddler when he wakes up in the middle of the night. Works like a charm.
I can't even fully explain how wonderful Jennifer's CD is.  From the day I bought it, downloaded it, and synced every device I own to be able to play it (computer, CD burn, phone loaded up with Amazon MP3 app), my son has requested hearing it ALL THE TIME!From the first track, Jennifer's beautiful and expressive voice captures our attention, and she keeps our attention with wit, creativity and humor.My son's favorite story (today!) is the one called Tamar's Tree.  He says, even though it's about a girl, it's not a story FOR girls (he's 4).  He loves all the Hebrew words and the way the Abba (father) in this story gives away all the scarves.  He thinks that the Abba is very giving and kind.If you're looking for a gift for ANY reason, this collection of stories is one of our favorites!
We bought this cd because I am always looking for new things to listen with my son in the car.  I popped this cd in the player on Tu B'Shvat and we listened to the tree stories.  My preschooler LOVED it.  When Purim rolled  around, we listed to the Purim stories.  Another hit!  He likes the stories so much that he asked to put them on his mp3 player that he listens in his room at bedtime.  He listens to this cd every night.  And, I mean EVERY NIGHT!  His favorite is &#34;Tamar's Tree&#34;.  He says its his favorite because he likes the voices.  As a mom, I love the Jewish content, and that I discover something new in the stories each time I hear them. As a teacher, I love that my son can use his imagination to picture the stories in his head;  it cultivates his imagination, yet relaxes him at the same time.  We can't wait for Jennifer Zunikoff's next cd!
Timothy Seaman attends our church in Williamsburg and this is one of my favorite CDs.  A collection of gentle songs and lulla-byes.  What a wonderful collection of relaxing music!
This is how all children's music should sound.  Apple Brains sings with genuine excitement about fruits, vegetables, exercise, and water in the style of the best of the Elephant Six.  Good for more than just kids. Good for humans.
Downloaded this for some fun, basic, simple Christmas songs for my 3 year old to get involved in. He enjoys singing these together in the car.
I wanted a Christmas album that my kids would love and be able to sing to. They love turning this on while doing fun Christmas activities. The songs are fun and catchy.
GreatThe grandkids love it.They liked singing along with it. Good gift for preschoolers. Aged 2yrs and 5 yrs old.
We used this CD while Christmas Caroling with our Brownie troop at a local nursing home.  It was a really nice CD.  It was also nice that they had the lyrics on their website.
my dauhter wanted her own  chrismas songs  so i got this for her she loves to sing along to the ones she knows
It fun for the kids to listen to and sing along with the various singers as they play around the house.
Here it is mid-february and the kids (3.5, 2, 2 (twins)) still want to here this in the car. I don't mind it that much since it's well made, but the kids think it's great.
I moved to a new location to help improve this operation. I listened to this season over and over including season 6. It got and still gets me through some rough times.
This cd is absolutely a wonderful way to help teach children about the feast days of the church. Well done Kh. Gigi!
The songs are happy and easy to learn so that I can sing along after hearing them a few times.  She has such a lovely voice.  The lyrics are a good way to learn about the bible and the Church.
Excellent and witty children;s book.  I enjoyed it a lot. Blue whales belay breeching to enjoy this book!!!!!  Best alpha book I have read this year.
This is just what we needed! Great job! This will help cement in what the kiddos are learning. We loved the youtube video of mean, median, mode & range! We hope you make more =)
I listen to this for the verbs it includes, especially how to conjugate &#34;aller&#34; - I don't think I could forget it now if I tried!
I purchased this to go along with the French course i am taking this coming term.  I wanted a jump start so decided to buy this along with a few others.This has several very catchy tune and before you know it you are humming along.  Just do not hum too loudly as I did :-)Great tunes - great price - great learning
I just purchased this MP3 for my children, at home and in school.  I remember loving the tape as a child and was delighted to see it available as a download.  The storyline is funny and engaging, the funny is real funny - the good, old-fashioned-wholesome type of funny, with strong values.  The story is designed to teach children good middot, and it gets its message across in a light, pleasant non-preachy way.  My children listen again and again, to this volume, as well as to Episodes 2,3, and 4, and I must still be a kid at heart because I find myself chuckling along every time!
I absolutely love Lesson Number One developed by Smart Music Entertainment. It is creative, educational ,entertaining and innovative. It features ten major tracks plus two bonus tracks. The CD starts out with a powerful introduction followed by Kings & Queens, Slavery, Invent, First 25 Presidents, Cash Flow, Congress Women, Moors, 50 States, It's A War, Congress Women(remix) and Drugs. What amazes me is that Larry Lak Henderson and his team were able to incorporate so much historical information in a couple of minutes. Smart Music has taken Hip Hop music to another level. This project should be incorporated in school systems and communities everywhere. Smart Music has no limits because educational music is great for anyone at any age at any time. I look forward to Lesson Number Two. To find out how you can feature Smart Music Entertainment in your community and for more information on Smart Music visit the Smart Hip Hop Music Blog and listen to the Online With Andrea interview with Larry `Lak' Henderson.Andrea GarrisonHost Producer Online With AndreaAuthor Producer The Crossing Over Of Mattie Pearl
I had an opportunity to sample this CD for a radio show that I host and I really was amazed at how true this album remained to the roots of hip hop, but how educational it was at the same time, which is something that has been difficult for may artist to do. If you are looking for an album for the kids or want a cool way to remember the "First 25 President", I can't think of another album to recommend. Plus the Artist has has the right intentions. If you want to hear the interview with him and sample some of his music visit [...]
I loved the songs that the project contained. I think the youth should get a chance to listen to the messages on lesson One. I was very impressed by what I heard. I believe this project will open the gates for Lesson Two to be a huge success. I support Smart Music Entertainment to the fullest.
I had the opportunity to Interview LAK and screen his CD "Lesson One" on my Radio show Rhythm and Rhyme.Show Link&lt;...>First off i must say what an incredible person LAK is. His vision of which the CD "Lesson One" is the first installment is on point. The CD is right on time as an innovative way to deliver information, history and facts to many in our NEW generation. All in a language they understand, HIP HOP. This once revolutionary music called Hip Hop and the creation of the culture that evolved from it includes not only those in the Hip Hop Culture but also those who have been influenced by it. Look anywhere to witness its Impact upon all of our lives. Check out many commercials and see bits and pieces of what came out of that culture now selling products for corporate America to a NEW generation of young people. "Lesson one" is the most important lesson we can learn. Not simply because it is the foundation and seed that will grow an abundance of valuable fruits of knowledge. But also because i believe it truly has power beyond the music to change lives through the attaining of knowledge and power from extracting the truth from the rubble's of our distorted history of misinformation. As a bonus it will give inspiration to some creative youth to take the original vision to an even higher level."Lesson One" encourages us to make our own assumptions after evaluating the new knowledge we have obtained and coming to our own conclusions about what it means. It may or may not differ from what we originally perceived but the conclusions will be ours and our youths own. That valuable lesson and others are beautifully articulated by the lyrics and rhythm of the beats as well as the rhythmic and smooth delivery by LAK and his collaborating artists on some of the tracks. This is an incredible example of the power of our creativity in furthering human development and educating ourselves and our young adults. Lesson One CD has songs that evoke powerful feelings of going back in time to revisit what was written, only to discover that history as written and understood in today's world may be just a watered down and transformed version of the reality. LAKs attention to detail uncovers little known facts and truths that are readily available if we choose to look and learn for ourselves. This album challenges you to UNBOX yourself and takes a look at things from a new and different perspective while you groove and dance to the hypnotic and original beat. He remains TRUE to the essence and history of REAL Hip Hop and that is VERY important. It in fact in many ways a tribute to the creators and innovators of the art form.Lesson One creates an experience where REAL learning, enjoyment and independent thinking takes place. IT'S IN THE MUSIC!!! If you are seeking a truly awesome sounding music CD with the uncanny ability to awaken the " I didn't know that!" and the "Education was never this much fun when I was a kid!" thoughts that are dormant in your head. Then you will seriously consider purchasing this and EVERY CD LAK and smartmusic Entertainment produces. This is a true No Brainer. That is what i thought as i smiled and purchased my copy. :-) Make yourself happy and the young people you love happy and smarter with a copy of "Lesson One". No disappointing Tracks on this CD... They all deliver the goods...Guaranteed....ConsThe only Con is that the CD ends with you wanting more...ProsHe promises more of the same only Better than the First Lesson. I believe that!!!!Emmitt ThrowerPresident/Founder Wabi Sabi Productions IncProducer of The ArtMag Radio Network including Rhythm and Rhyme Show&lt;...>
I had the chance to talk to the author of this CD and I found him to be intriguing and very much down to Earth!Lak is 100% committed to his vision on this CD.He was a true Gentleman and had so much passion for all for the right reasons I felt he would be able to get the message loud and clear to all.. This CD is for all ages and I would encourage any adult that has a young adult who may need a Little help in school or just for fun to get this Educational CD.I wish CD's like this had been around when I was in school because not only is it fun , its also an effective fun way of learning and holding onto the information is like humming a  tune you have heard but can not get out of your head..I look forward to Number 2 as I am sure it will reflect some of the great lessons in the first one and it can only get better:))
Hi you guys,I had the tremendous pleasure of getting 'hip' to LAK, and his brilliant, cool, and totally hip music!When LAK visited us at THE IDECLAIR SHOW... I told him, I have been pretty tough on Rappers, and HipHop Artists.IDECLAIR... Unfortunately, most visuals, messages, and lyrics of 'some' Rappers, and HipHop Artists are negative, unproductive, and seriously detrimental to the very audiences who consume, and are impacted by the product.Smart Music, LAK, and his music are THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE!Smart Music's LessonOne is FABULOUS!  The beat is totally rockin, the lyrics are educational, uplifting, and inspiring, and the videos are slamming as well!Listen, I am a tough one to impress... and LessonOne is very impressing!  I look forward to much more beautiful, and 'hip' music from LAK, and his team at Smart Music!If you want to rock out, jam hard, and get smarter... get LessonOne!  Thank you LAK for bringing excellence to HipHop!  Clearly you are onto something very... BIG!  IDECLAIR IT!India DeClairTHE IDECLAIR SHOW...REAL. RAW. RIGHT NOW...IDECLAIR IT!
I had the opportunity to view the artwor and listen to the songs on this album and they were awesome. I thik this would make a great addition to early childhood learning, day school, pre school, kindargarten, and after care. Being the cousin of he late Tupac Shakur, I happen to know a little bit about music, sound, and money. This creative concept is original, not a copy cat, and makes learning fun and entertaining. I would recommend this album to school systems and to all educational establishments. Listen to the interview with with artist at [...] under episode title 04.20.2012 and just remember you heard it here first on The Knowledge Show Live.
Upon my first listen of Lesson One, I was taken back to the early days of Hip-Hop and back to school; a time when learning both in school and the world were exciting, fresh, new and that time held hope for opportunities greater than one's surroundings. Lesson One is astoundingly refreshing and offers listeners of all ages avenues to facts, fun, and fantastic new views mixed with old school love. I definitely recommend it to any and everyone. And I'm eagerly anticipating Lesson Two!
No one better in the whole world to teach beginners how to play (and sing!) the guitar. Her television series of instructions were priceless---a tribute to her charm and teaching ability. Very attentive to the needs of her TV students, she never proceeded to point B, for instance, without having thoroughly demonstrated point A. Excellent pace, step-by-step acquisition of guitar-playing skills.This booklet brings it all back. She is a wonderful, patient teacher. I owe her a great debt.And thanks to Amazon for making it available.
this was one of the best ever. To learn the folk guitar.To bad you can not get her books any more.
Folk Guitar - A Series Of Beginning LessonsI learned to play Guitar with Laura Weber's Shows on PBS many years ago and loved it. Had lost the lessons over the years of moving around with my Navy husband, so it was great to find it again on Amazon.
I found much more than I expected from these CDs. It makes everything clear to me. It is amazing and interesting. How awesome.
This is perfect when I want some tunes for music time with my little ones. It's just vocals and harp, but it still has enough whimsy to keep them entertained, as opposed to the obnoxious run-of-the-mill children's song CD's full of little kids singing that are everywhere. This is a little more upscale and would be great for group playdates, in my opinion. You can use it for playtime or for calm-down time before bed, too.
All the music is great, i sing along. It also helps me learn these songs to sing to her when the song is not playing.
Somebody gave this album to my wife and I in tape format when we were just starting out as parents.  That was decades ago and I still vividly remember laying with my kids in bed at night listening to these lullabyes after a long day's work.  It was simply 'heaven' to lay beside my precious children while listening to music that reminds a tired parent why their children are so valuable.  The lyrics are tender and full of love, the melodies are beautiful and the orchestration / instrumentation of the songs are rich and flowing, especially the few pieces that rely heavily on stringed instruments (violin, cello, etc).  I especially appreciated the producers including &#34;music only&#34; versions of the songs; if you didn't know they were lullabyes you would still find them rich, musical treasures.  I'm sooooooo glad I found this after searching for it for many years.  Buy it immediately, moms and dads, you won't regret it!
These are beautiful lullabies. I purchased this one originally 13 years ago when my son was born. Both of my kids remember these songs quite fondly. I swear it was the only thing that could settle them down sometimes to finally fall asleep. We had both Volume 1 and II and literally wore out the Volume 1 tape (yes I said tape!) and the Volume II CD.I have so many favorites on both CDs. From this one - I Love You Forever, Dreamship and Nightlights - bring back so many memories. Imagine trying to get your little one to settle down at 8:30 p.m. in the summer when it's still light out. Nothing like settling down an energetic toddler with some lullabies that allows their imagination to fly and slowly drift off into sleep. They grow up so fast! My daughter loved her volume 1 so much that we'd think she'd be settled down to sleep after leaving her in bed, and sometimes we'd hear her get up and flip the tape to the instrumental side. Plenty of nights as they both got older, we'd suddenly hear either the CD or the tape start up later in the night to soothe them back to sleep.I just recently purchased the MP3s as a gift to pass on to my sister-in-law and her new baby. I plan on passing these on to my children too when they give me grandchildren (let's hope that's not for another 10 years :).
Great compliation featuring some well known artist like Lisa Loeb and Mr. Steve & Miss Katie. Best for ages 2-6. Includes some interesting themes like Board of Education "Ice Age" along with more typical themes like "Clean Up Song".
I got this for my daughter when she was 6 years old to help her decompress at night and relax and sleep well.  Melissa has such a calming voice and my daughter really enjoyed the dolphin adventure and was able to relax very quickly.  We now also have the teen relaxation and both of my kids listen to in order  to help center and calm their busy minds.  Thank you Shambalakidsfor these wonderful resources... I highly recommend!  Great customer service as well!!
My son is 10 Years old and has been listening to The Dolphin since he was 2, he likes the old and new version, and pretty much knows it word for word, we have other CDs by Melissa, but the Dolphin is his best friend, comes on his ipod on every overnight trip and plays on repeat all night, it has helped him with the dark issues, with scarry thoughts, and simply to drift into sleep. If he has angry moments, he simply pops on The Dolphin and calms down. We are learning about Mindfulness, and this CD certainly puts my children in "the present". My children were very excited when they thought we might meet Melissa in the flesh in London, did not happen maybe next time....Thank you Melissa, we have recommended you to many friendsSeonaid Mackenzie mother of 2 aged 8 and 10 United Kingdom
This is installed on a tablet and the user loves the songs.  Highly recommended if you have a child who loves music.
I ordered this CD for my teen who was starting high school. Although a straight A student in middle school, he was flunking math and science the first few weeks in high school due to extreme stress, pressure to get good grades and overwhelming test anxiety. After we received the CD, he was skeptical at first, but gave it a try anyway.He listened to it every night for about a week, then intermittently. Within a week, his anxiety was manageable, and he began to relax, and feel better about the stress. There were talks with teachers in between, a lot of math tutoring from dad, and long talks between us as well, but I feel the CD was instrumental in having him believe that it was possible to manage his test anxiety and stress. This belief opened his mind to listening to his teachers and parents, and consequently, he is back to straight As in high school. I also listened to this CD myself, and it's my go-to tool for meditation and relaxation when life gets too hectic and stressful. The CD addresses all the issues teens (and adults) deal with on a daily basis, and it is a valued pathway in our household for managing that stress. The voice on the CD is pleasant, the script is not condescending to teens, yet not too "out there" - very logical, supportive,honest, positive. I give Shambalah Kids a huge thumbs up for coming up with this wonderful product to specifically address the types of stresses our kids are under these days. These stresses in many cases are unavoidable, but thanks to this CD, they are manageable. I have been recommending this to all of our friends.Buy this CD, you will not regret it!
did not realize haw wonderful the music would be but very soothing  you will have fun with the songs in your mind or can sing to baby if you want
The lullabies are delightful and soothing.  But I thought I was getting a CD, not just a download.  How can I get a CD version of this?
My granddaughter loves music.  She is 18 months and does not sleep well unless music is on and this one is one of her favorites.  She calls it baby.  We are glad we purchased this.
Very nice for background sounds when putting baby to sleep or just to keep a calm atmosphere.
This was such peaceful music and it made my grandson fall sleep right away!! Love it!! Highly recommended for those with babies!!
Three adults and a 7-week-old baby napped together to this soundtrack today.  This thing is EFFECTIVE.  Buy it.  Right now.
This CD is an absolute godsend!  I have 2 young little girls and bedtime has always been a challenge.  If it wasn't one waking up, fussing, screaming, crying, etc. it was the other!  I put this cd on in each of the girls rooms and I have been getting the best sleep I have had since before the birth of our first child.  Eric Hutchinson is an absolute genius, and I recommend this CD to everyone who has children, or anyone who knows a friend or family member with children of all ages!
I listen & play this CD everyday during nap time at my daycare. It gets all the kids to sleep faster than any other music I've played for them. Its really great and it deserves 5 stars!
I love this CD. I had to buy this to support my cousin but I also wanted it so I could get more sleep and fall asleep faster. I will try it tonight but I am pretty sure that I will sleep good. My favorite song so far is thank you.
Having been a jazz student of Mr. Hutchinson for several years now, listening to this CD is a happy and long-awaited experience.  The songs on the album are wonderfully sedative, just as the other reviews have mentioned.  It is always great to see such a high level of advocacy for independent artists on digital music sites and services such as Amazon, CDBaby, and several others, and I'm sure that Mr. Hutchinson is proud of this excellent digital commercial debut.
I downloaded this CD today for my preschool classroom to use at naptime. Every child was asleep within 10 minutes. The music is beautiful and this is a great classroom tool for anyone with young children. If you have kids, or know someone with kids, definitely buy this cd. You'll love it!
I recommend this CD highly! While I do not work directly with young children, I will pass along high praise of this work to those I know who do. Eric Hutchinson has produced a calming, relaxing work of absolutely beautiful music. I would highly recommend it even beyond the child's world: I envision this as a great relaxation and meditation resource.In my work as a pastor, I see its merit as a wonderful background CD in a prayer setting, including retreat work with youth and adults. I would quite readily turn to a Psalm and put this CD on-I have been privileged to know and work with Eric for several years now, going back to his teenage days. He is a talented and gifted musician....and this wonderful work is highly reflective of his great ability.I know you will love this CD!Rev. Dr. Robert R. LaRochellePastor, Congregational Church of Union, Connecticut, UCC
I love this CD - it is great for my job (as a music therapist) as well as for personal listening enjoyment!
Loved it!!!!Wanting some new music for my massage therapy business I decided to try out this selection. My clients were very relaxed and really enjoyed this music!! Great for everyone young and old!!!!
My 20 months looove this cd  for bedtime beautiful songs fast download. Cathy bollinger cds rock! Definitely recommend thus item
Cathy Bollinger is such a gifted musician.  I love the lyrics and the music for so many of her albums!  What a treasure.
My baby loves it very much! She listens the songs every day. Also it is the best version I ever found. You can find them on youtube. I love them too, so I bought them for my baby.
Love it!! This is a "must have" for any parent and/or educator of young children! The music is positive, upbeat, and most of all- teaches through the magical gift of song. Self-empowerment, friendship, and even basic counting skills are addressed in the fun, family friendly songs! There are even tracks that beautifully address the gift of family and parenthood, as well as the great legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King! Celebrate learning and sing a song! You will not regret adding this to your music library! Well done, Mr. Peeples!
WOW....I absolutely LOVE this cd!!!!!!! I'm almost 30 with no kids and I'm buying it just for me!!! Great job E2P!!!
My daughter and nephew absolutely LOVED this CD from the first time they heard the first song.  I even got a copy for my daughter's kindergarten teacher, and they will be stocking stuffers for Christmas.  It is truly amazing how learning through the gift of song impacts children, especially when you can tell the creator of the CD has a love for children, education, and music.  And it's real music, not that tinkerbox stuff...lol.  But I absolutely love the cd...inspiring, motivational, and educational.  I can't wait to hear the next one!  GREAT JOB!
Bhai Sahib has an extremely melodious voice and a soothing and simplistic style of singing. These shabads or hymns are from the Sikh scripture Guru Granth Sahib. They convey universal brotherhood, equality and love for the infinite God or Waheguru in Punjabi langauge. Bhai Sahib has chosen these smaller hymns especially to make it easy for the children to learn to sing them and play the Harmonium, the most common Sikh musical instrument. Listening to these hymns or shabads, my son at the young age of 4 got encouraged to learn Kirtan and so did I. This combination of audio CD's and DVD along with the instructional book are great resources for those who wish to learn Kirtan or Sikh spiritual music but do not have access to an in person teacher or classes
This is a very good album for kids to learn shabad kirtan. Kids can recite it along the play.Manmohan Singh is teaching Kirtan for last 20 years.This is his first album.
Shabads for Kids to Learn, Vol 1This is a wonderful product for Sikh kids.  My children listen to it every night.  This is a must have & valuable resource for all Sikh families for generations to come.
Bhai Manmohan singh ji thank you and congratulations for your new cd vol 1,This is great for the kids, and even for the elders who want to learn and understand Gurbani in Kirtan simple way and enlighten themselves.
This collection of Shabads is perfect for kids of all ages. My kids listen to this on their way to school and at home also. It is a great way to help them learn Gurbani Kirtan even before they can learn to play the harmonium! My son has most of the Shabads memorized at age 4. I am thankful for Bhai Sahib's efforts in making this amazing CD and for teaching Kirtan to people all over the world.
This album really provides a way for kids to memorize and learn shabads. They love singing along since the recording has kids voices in it and the music is well done. The shabads are easy to follow along with and a perfect companion to the books from the learnkirtan.com website.
Hi,My kids and I love this CD!  The music is catchy, and there is a good variety of types of music, matching the artists.  The songs are cute and informative.  Both my 5 1/2 old and 3 year old have learned about artists this way.
Hope Harris breathes life and fun into all of the subjects of her songs.  We loved Cousins Jamboree, and my kids say that they like this one even more.  Georgia O'Keefe and Matisse are our favorites.  I love that my children now know that Grandma Moses started painting in her seventies.
When children's music and art appreciation collide you get this CD! Hope Harris' CD is a catchy yet educational collection of songs about 10 different artists.  Each song teaches facts about the artist and different pieces and styles of art. As a homeschooling mother to three children I am always on the lookout for FUN ways to make learning attainable and enjoyable for my young kids.  This CD has been an amazing resource in our homeschooling supplies and makes learning about art amazingly simple and FUN!  I was able to quickly and easily base this CD as a spine for a short unit study on artist appreciation.  Each week we would focus on one song- read picture books about the artist, visit the museum (if the artist's work was available) or check out art books and look over various pieces from the artist, and then we would tie it all together by completing our own artist-inspired art activity.I recommend this CD to all my homeschooling friends as a MUST-HAVE resource!  This CD would work just as wonderfully in public and private schools and co-op settings as well!
Fishin' On a Mission With Jesus is an album that is fun to listen to. The messages in the songs are clear and the beats are awesome. I must be living under a rock, but I did not know about this album. I wish it was promoted more.
very creative approach to kid's music. Stories told in the dialect of todlers in words and thoughts that the can relate to. Great rhythms and music styling. Very good instrumental phrasing. Should be a must for every household with young kids!
The songs on The Twinkle Project make familiar songs sound so cool.  I've used them at concerts and talent shows to enhance the strings sound.  My children's eyes light up when they hear themselves playing with such fancy and colorful background music.  There is a lot of variety in the songs so you will find many that you love. The demo violin on some of the tracks is very helpful for listening and/or for playing along with. If you're like me, you will greatly value this fun CD. I know from experience, audiences respond well to it.  I use it all the time. The whole CD has been an excellent and wise purchase for me.
Those are real French songs that I learned growing up in France. It's very traditional but pretty. The songs are short (but not all of them) which is great because my kids can remember them easily. We're listening the CD every day in the car, my kids love it!
We love this CD and listen to it all the time.  The songs are all so much fun and very up-beat.  She is a teacher too, so there is an educational component to each song.
I first heard Meg Russell last year, and loved her songs and her singing. Since then, I have listened to more works of hers, and now Puzzle. I think she's an outstanding writer and artist, and she has a passion for her work that cuts through in every song. I'm very impressed with her.
we need more kerri lake ! not enough ! i like her flute i think shes gifted but we need more selections !
My kids loved the Halloween station on our XM stereo in our SUV. However I didn't want to pay a year's worth of service for only one thing. We tried a sample of this & the kids agreed it sounded close to what they wanted. It's perfect for them, not too scary, not too young. It's loaded in their iPods along with my iPhone so we can listen anytime we want. The stories are told in a professional manner that makes it easy to follow.
The wheels on the bus is my son's favorite song.  The only bad thing is that he want to reply that song over and over again.  We seriously listen to that song at least 10 times a day.
I simply adore this cd! The music is catchy, the harmonies lovely and the lyrics fun. I plan on purchasing copies as baby shower gifts in the future. The last two songs are very special, not only for the children but for those of us who are slightly older kids! [ok, more than slightly ;)] I strongly recommend this cd for anyone with children or with a love for fun music!
...There comes along an artist that will provoke thought and expand your mind at every turn; that artist is Se7en The Poet. If you're a parent or an educator you need to pick up Se7en's latest project, Public Commentary: The Blue Collection. This is a raw and real observation of what it's like to be an educator/teacher in today's time done only the way that Se7en can do it.Public Commentary: The Blue Collection [Explicit]
This is a great collection of songs. The kids enjoy listening to them over and over. Fun sing along songs for the children.
Great songs for my daughter's carnival party.  Age appropriate and very entertaining!  Everyone enjoyed the carnival music, especially the kids.
I recommend it!! Very nice songs!!!!!! My son love Atencion Atencion and this CD is very nice because it have christian messages!!!!
I stumbled across the first few songs from Bruce's first album, The Shorter Catechism, Vol. 1, posted on YouTube and was so excited to find TWO albums by Bruce Benedict here on Amazon. Bruce makes it easy to learn the catechism with a wide variety of delightful, creative songs and using quite a selection of instruments---primarily based around the guitar. I love these! Great for memorization, meditation, and music to clean by!Vol. 1 contains Questions & Answers 1-38.Sacraments and Prayer contains Q&As; 86-107.Thank you, Bruce! (Hope you are working on putting Q&As; 39-85 to music, too!)
As a teacher it's part of my job to help my young students learn meaningful life lessons.  Ms. Linda's "We Are the Shining Stars" CD not only captures and excites my students but the messaging in each song is simple yet powerful and I see it resonate with my little "shining stars"!  This is a must have for any parent, teacher, or adult that is looking to inspire, educate, and excite the children in their life.The song guide is also a great resource to have as a teacher:[...]
I bought this for a friend's 6 year old daughter and within one day she had all of the songs memorized and put on a "concert" for me!  SOOO cute!
Belgian Malinois owners are somewhat, shall we say, obsessed with their dogs and the breed, so 5 stars is probably a VERY biased rating.  If you don't own and/or love a Mal, you'll probably think the song is silly at best, stupid at worst, but if you're a Mal person, you'll buy it, you'll listen to it, you'll learn the words,you'll sing it, and you'll love it!
We have a three-year-old and a nine-month old and they both love these songs! I really feel as though the kids chorus helps to encourage singing along and participating. Sara has a lovely voice and years and years of musical experience. Her own children sing along with their mother and that is also inspiring. They're so happy and make kids happy! We only hope our own kids take a liking to making music and Spanish as Sara's kids do.
Program provides confidence training for anxious students. The training is found to reduce test anxiety, improve concentration, and increase test scores among various college and high school populations.The benefits are solid and predictable. The training takes only one or two half hour sessions, and has produced substantial and measurable test gains in seveen consecutive research studies.The training itself uses vigorous stretch, tense, deep breath, release/relax, and suggestion (stars) sequences to curtail anxiety and improve your focus.The procedure then casts the intimidating testing situations as challenging ones, and you experience yourself staying focused and meeting the challenge. Ordinarily, it would be far-fetched to propose that a highly test anxious student could take pleasure in anything remotely connected to a test. And yet, in the special sequencing here, students can and do imagine enjoying learning, organizing, and then showing their mastery on a test. And after you imagine being interested, it is a short step to feeling that interest in the actual situations.The benefits are surprisingly strong and reassuringly consistent. In four consecutive studies, a total of 62 freshman attained an average half a letter grade test gains. Benefits are more modest with younger students, and fifth and sixth graders have attained on average a quarter of a letter grade test gains. So far as we know, our confidence training is one of the strongest, fastest, and most reliable anxiety-control methods available anywhere.The training is completely automated, so you have nothing to memorize beforehand. Press play, and follow the instructions. Everything is straightforward.We recommend listening to the training twice, and then again as you feel warranted. Benefits are expected to continue over several years, with only occasional reviews. The Training creates a more confident outlook, and you do not need to review prior to each test.The confidence training is also marketed as a CD, and is available here at Amazon.comConfidence Training for Tests
This cd is amazing for kids. I am a nanny and one of the kids I watch has a really hard time falling asleep ad this cd really helps her relax and go to sleep quicker. It is difficult for me to stay awake when I hear it. I would highly recommend this product!
great for kids!! they sleep really well after a session with this. I highly recommend this product to all parents.
Our 9 year old grandson, who has used Jeanne's CD intermittently at bedtime for several years wrote this statement about it:  "It helps me sleep and makes me feel good."  Jeanne's CD with her gentle and soothing voice is a valuable bedtime tool to guide children to a restful and restoring sleep!
The wonderful lighthearted visualizations on this CD, iRest Yoga Nidra for Kids , will likely captivate any child s attention. And if you happen to be listening to the tracks along with your child, don t be surprised if you enjoy it, too! This album is intended to help children  relax and prepare for sleep, the quality of instruction and the calming voice of Jeanne Dillion will appeal to anyone in need of a little unwinding, especially the young at heart.
Have given this as a shower gift to all my friends recently and they are beaming with joy when they hear it!  Soft, gentle, fun and funny at times... the original songs are so great.  Easy to sing along with.  I can tell it will be a favorite of many of my newest "nieces and nephews".
My son plays this CD over and over again. I hear him singing it while he is playing legos too. Great way for him to learn about nature and history and national parks. I like the variety of music styles from hip hop to reggae! Great!!!!
I love this cd which contains a diverse mix of music styles, is very educational, and does not sound corny like alot of children's CD's. Adults can dig it as well. Some of New Orleans' top musicians like Erica Falls, Sunpie, Christina Morales, Brent Rose, Tom McDermott, and Fats Dominos' grandson Chevis Brimmer, are featured prominently throughout. Guest artists like Daryl Simpson (one of the Irish Tenors) and Trout Fishing in America add alot too of flavor too.My 6 year old can't stop dancing and singing to "Sky Skraper Plants". The pull out map is a really cool feature.I also came across this review written by Gretchen Bonfert on the National Park Service website.CD Review:  Songs for Junior Rangers, Volume 1 (JRNPS-2012)Produced by the National Park ServiceWarning: this CD may cause singing, dancing, and learning. For kids and fun-loving adults, the National Park Service's audio CD, Songs for Junior Rangers, is perfect for travel and exploration--both real and imagined.  Whether listening to it in a kitchen, a car, or a classroom, this product is a complete package with 20 songs, lyrics booklet, and map of the U.S.It offers all new music that engages and entertains with clever, witty, and fact-packed verses. Upbeat songs highlight features of 35 national parks through music: salsa, funk, reggae, blues, disco, calypso, hip-hop, folk, jazz, limbo, polka, and more.This amazing diversity of musical styles is matched by the diversity of information presented. In an hour, you can learn Spanish and Navajo, botany and wildlife ecology, and which parks honor profound contributions made to the U.S. by the Tuskegee Airmen, Martin Luther King, and a Polish patriot.In addition to spurring interest in visiting national parks, this CD could be useful in formal and non-formal programming for youth in music appreciation, geography, history, and the sciences. Produced by the New Orleans National Jazz Historic Park, the performing artists on the CD also hail from across the country and include Jeff Wolin--a very talented lyricist/composer and park ranger in Colorado.--Gretchen Bonfert (January 14, 2013)
Great interpretation of our National Parks, set to music that kids, young and old will enjoy!Highly recommended for teachers, families and kids everywhere!Good CD for a family vacation/road trip!........The song "Get Up & Move" should become the national anthem for "The Get Up and Move Movement" being promoted by our First Lady, Michele Obama. Priced,very reasonable.
Love this CD!! Very catchy tunes that adults can enjoy with their children. I plan on purchasing more for birthdays. This is a bargain!!
All my early childhood education colleagues, Beat Basics educational cd is AWESOME! Produced by 2 talented musicians, one of which is also an educator. I HIGHLY recommend you invest in this cd for your children. A one-time purchase, a career-long investment. In my experience, music has always been a great tool to get people in general to learn. The content and music is very lively and even had me bobbing my head!
We love, love, love this CD!We listen to it daily, and my 3 year old knows the words to the songs! I love hearing her sing the sweet songs!Beautifully written, sweet lyrics, wonderful music.So very glad we added this to our collection.Already a family favorite!
Reminds children of all ages that we are all here to learn to live to love for Love's sake alone. Life here is not ours to live but ours to give. Ah Mahn
Best one out there.. I set it up on repeat and you can barely tell when it repeats.. my baby loves this and it can certainly relax her and put her to sleep soon after.. thanks you mini monster! Love your products!
I downloaded this on my phone one day while my son and I were stuck waiting a long time with no entertainment.  I was able to quickly pick out this album and download it via my Google Play store.  From the minute I started playing the first song, he was hooked!!  It worked like a charm to keep him entertained while we waited.  Thank you for saving me in a pinch!!
I purchased it for my granddaughters who are 20 months and 9 months and they love it.Thank you so much!
I teach a preschool class at my church and these songs were such a great find.The kids loved them and we had a great time playing to the music.I think I might by the entire series and maybe one of our classes will be a Luau party.
When our daughter entered the "Period of Purple Crying" we didn't know what to do.  We changed her diapers and fed her and made sure she was warm and comfortable.  We carried her and rocked her and bounced her (gently of course), but nothing seemed to help.  She would cry uncontrollably, unconsolably, and without reason for hours at a time.Then one night, in the middle of one of these fits of "colic," my wife decided to take a bath.  As soon as the water started running our daughter stopped crying.  For a week or so, running the bathtub was our go to solution for helping to calm her down.  Soon however, we became concerned about the cost (both financial and environmental) of all that water.  A few quick searches on Amazon and I found this album! It's great! It's got several different recordings of running water that almost instantly calms our daughter down.  Showers, sinks and bathtubs, you name it.Gripe Water has become and essential tool in our colic fighting arsenal!
A beautiful album! I own both Melt and Lullabies and Love Songs. The absolute best relaxation music. Perfect for anyone with small children.
I have bought several CDs for my granddaughter, who loves to sing along. I am extremely pleased that I can play the music I buy from Amazon on my Kindle or my phone by using the Amazon MP3 app. I believe that I can even play the music on my laptop also, but I haven't tried that yet. The price is very reasonable.
I bought this for my son to listen to it on his iPad he's two years old and loves all the songs and sings and dances to them all the time
All the songs are lovely, joyful and classic. It is absolutely a wonderful album. Glad i bought it for my daughter.
What a wonderful mix of songs for children...also it brings back wonderful moments by have older songs on the CD...Absolutely Wonderful...so very pleased.
Bought it for my husband to keep in his truck but I love it just as much. These Rockabye renditions are so great!
I downloaded this for my kids they love it and and know just about every song :)  we listen to a couple songs in the morning,  before naptime and before bed :)
We patiently waited for the release of the Tour the World video on YouTube after falling in love with Tour the States.  Those two in particular have been a great addition to homeschool geography with my boys [6 & 4].  Since purchasing the mp3 downloads, we all have a new favorite: Count it out Loud.  Most of the songs are VERY catchy & jam-packed with info!  Bravo to Renald Francouer!!
This is the sweetest series of dvd's. The babies are mesmerized by the music and cute characters. I downloaded the mp3's so they could listen to their music in the car when we go on road trips.
This is the 3rd Gigglebellies DVD that I've purchased. My daughter has twin babies who howl if you try to turn it off. I copied the music on a CD so they could listen in her car. She was singing all the songs during road trips and was getting exhausted. I guess I know what my next job is: making a new CD!
What can I say I'm a huge fan of the Gigglebellies.  Yes I do have a 1 year old daughter who adores them as well.  During the first couple months of my daughters life she spent quite a bit of time crying and being quite fussy.  My wife, being the wonderful woman that she is, found a YouTube video of the Busy BumbleBee and hence it introduced us to the Gigglebellies.  After seeing our daughters eyes light up and finding that the music was classics with an occasional original song thrown in we really liked it.  The animation is excellent as well.  When we found out that this new version was coming out we bought it and now has become our daughters favorite.  Since the purchase of this, we've tried to find other videos to show our daughter however we've found them very amateurish and they have to much frenetic motion that made us want to stick to the GB's.Get it you'll love it.
This is a fabulous purchase! My baby loves the songs and its great to have it on the go too.
This has been on heavy rotation in our house.  These lullabies have been extremely well interpreted.  Can't wait for more albums from this series.
After four years of middle school/high school Latin (heavy-on-the-grammar-but-glad-to-have-done-so) we thought we would treat ourselves to Lingua Latina.  As a homeschooler I wanted them to have a chance to try something different (they were getting burned out) and this series seemed a wonderful opportunity to have some fun and see their previous studies bear fruit in the pleasure of reading real stories.  We began this week and they are so pleased that they are understanding the text.  I verbally went through the workbook questions and their understanding gave me a good indication if they were ready to take their written "test" of writing out their answers from the questions at the end of the story.My only concern was that some of the words are new to us and they were hesitant to say them out loud when taking turns reading the text which negatively effected the smoothness of the sentences (and initially affected the comprehension).  I went back on-line to order myself a book (I had realized I wanted a text, too) and was surprised to see that there was a new addition to Amazon's set: "Lingua Latina Per Se Illustrata Pars I: Familia Romana Latine Audio: Ecclesiastical Pronounciation" in MP3 format.  I bought it last night...played it for everyone today and it was BEAUTIFUL!!!  It was the perfect, final, item needed to make this class an enjoyable and smooth experience.  The speaker is clear and by listening they were able to get more out of the text because of the more natural reading (than I or they were able to accomplish) so things made more sense.  A+!  I am super pleased that this series has breathed life back into their Latin studies experience.This is added about two weeks later:  the original recording is quite low and we have tried playing it on two computers and our television.  I've contacted Amazon to ask if they can somehow adjust the original recorded volume...we'll see!
Really great audio that makes study time that much easier. I have had difficulty finding Latin audio in the past and this was a great find. If you are going through the course I highly recommend this. Some of the audio can feel a little amateurish but overall it was well done.
The music and lyrics are impressive - very basic but very catchy and professional. Works well will students who are hard to engage and easily discouraged.
&#34;I Learn Hindi&#34; teaches Hindi to students in Los Angeles. They use few of these songs in their classes. Most of them are good.
I have been using this CD for years now to help children imitate sounds and words.  The music is child oriented and lots of fun.  Most children enjoy music, so this CD can motivate children to participate in imitation.  I have &#34;time tested&#34; this CD and highly recommend it.
As a parent you want to find music that get your baby all mellow, happy or sleepy and still entertain you. Yes, parents have the right to be a little selfish!This is AWESOME! Just the right mix, perfect for car rides. I have others that are good but this is our family favorite. We listen to it all the time and don't get tired of it.
Just downloaded this yesterday and we LOVE it!!! Actually downloaded the other two 80's volumes as well and they're equally as good!These are like my favorite mix tapes. So psyched on this.
Just got this album and we haven't stopped listening to it.  Fun for the whole family.  Has "totally" changed our car trips!
If you popped The Digits: Homework Hotline into the stereo and started playing it without any context, you would have no idea it was a kids album. None. Zero. A sweet cd filled with punk-rock anthems? Yes. Funny skits and comedic breaks? Yes. Intergalactic space creatures? Sure. Educational? I don't thin- HEEEEY WAIT A MINUTE. I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE.The Digits songs are catchy and cute, and are a great way for kids to remember tricky higher-level math when they're too old for Barney but not quite ready for textbooks. They cover everything from telling time to remembering the different parts of a circle and what they mean! I actually sang the entire "One Minute Long Song" when I was cooking the other day - and now I can't stop. Even the one non-Digits song is fantastic, and showcases that they can deliver to multiple audiences.Also - have you seen what kind of stuff is on the kids market these days that passes for "educational"? The Digits is catchy but doesn't talk down to its audience like every other show these days. It doesn't repeat each concept 300 billion times, and each song is short enough that the concept sticks but doesn't overwork itself.I'm also personally a HUGE fan of Emily Gordon and The Indoor Kids podcast, so hearing her voice as a guest on the album was a big incentive for me! Buy The Digits: Homework Hotline and support a great educational company that makes great stuff for kids that doesn't suck!
I've been a fan of Rock n Roll baby since their first release. While most babyfied albums are crummy synthesized versions of the original, the Rock N Roll baby line is extremely well done. I've downloaded most of their albums and this is one of their best so far. From Blonde to Bust A Move... they're all great. I love the songs. My daughter loves the songs. It's a win win. Highly recommended.
This is great - All sounds - no instrumental music.  ALL WAVES and Thunder and Seagulls to relax you in sleep or just relaxing.  Have listened to it many times just using it to relax or when I am reading.  Since it is winter here and sounds of the waves sounds very nice.
If you need to relax and meditate this is for you !
I put this on for my kids at bedtime, and it really helps relax them and send them off to dreamland. My two year old even asks for this music INSTEAD of the disney lullaby music we used to use. The best part is that I love listening to it as well.
This album is calming and relaxing the whole way through, and the volume seems to stay pretty consistent throughout... unlike the first &#34;lullaby&#34; album I tried playing for my baby, which had a surprise pop song in the middle of it. No thank you.I have a 2-year-old blessing of a child who actually goes to sleep pretty easily, so we didn't try lullubys till late in the game. I actually bought this album to prep her for daycare where they play music at nap time, and she loves it. Sometimes she asks me to play it by name -- well by the name she gave it which is &#34;Ava's music&#34; because she thinks the child on the cover is her baby cousin Ava. Anyway, it did the job.I also turn it on during playtime if she's starting to get cranky or slipping into tantrum-mode. It helps calm her down... most of the time.
Craig Gruenberg's music is a delight to listen to....his finely honed talent on the piano is both entertaining and contemplative.  This particular CD has been my go-to music lately for my commute to and from work.  L.A. freeway traffic seems to go a little smoother with Gruenberg's relaxing renditions in the background.
What began as a gift for an infant became a wonderful source of relaxation for an adult. The soothing melodies embedded here are great for anyone needing a calming environment. It even quieted our hyper-cat. A must-have for a busy lifestyle. Enjoy!
This is a great CD to play in the car.  Not to fall asleep, however!  It is great way to stay relaxed, traffic or no.
Craig Gruenberg plays the piano like someone else would pray and like someone else would run. After listening, I feel like I myself have been doing both. He's good for my heart.
This CD is a delight to my family. My husband and I both teach and when I come home to my three boys, ages 2 years and 10 month old twins, this is one of the first things I do after greeting them. It provides a soothing and beautiful background to our time together as a family while prepping dinner, eating, and getting ready for bed. It has been a part of our daily evening routine for over four months now and I never tire of listening to it. Highly recommend it!
I once read that Haydn was the Christian grandfather of classical music. Picture a granddad playing soothing piano for his grandchild. Suitable for all ages. Enjoy.
This music is so peaceful and restful!  The first time we listened to it my grandson fell asleep after the third song.  You can tell that a music therapist was a part of the production team because it is very effective in calming and soothing.
My kids and my husband and I really enjoy this music! Its very calming and relaxing as well as enjoyable to listen to. We always have music on for our kids for bed time and this is by far our favorite to listen to!

My grandkids love this CD.  They sing those songs throughout the day whether the CD is playing or not!
In the interest of Full Disclosure on this review of The Disclosures, I am the person who mixed and mastered this album. And in my role as the mix engineer, I heartily endorse this fun and creative song collection. The Disclosures are the singing and songwriting duo of Christopher Morris and Chad Helminak, based in Madison, Wisconsin. During the process of mixing this CD, I was continually amazed at Chad and Chris' conceptual, lyrical, and musical creativity. Each song is completely original, and no two songs on the CD sound alike.There is quite a cast of characters contained inside-- there's Uncle Hank who is a very smart man with a plan, Kidd Silver, a young pirate just beginning to embark on his chosen career path, but winds up in a sorrowful situation with Loan Sharks, Dr. Greedypants who invents a high-tech ray-gun device that turns pigs into bacon, and to the rescue rides Captain Smartmoney, who shows Dr. Greedypants the error of his ways.....This album of 10 songs is aimed at kids in the age range of kindergarten through fifth grade, and hidden inside these catchy and inventive tunes are some ideas for smart money management -- but just as importantly, a whole lot of silliness that is sure to cause youngsters fits of giggles. In fact, Chad and Chris have kept their eye squarely on kids throughout this musical journey - every artistic decision made was done with the youngsters in mind first and foremost - and how to deliver songs that would be instantly appealing to them. It's an added benefit that parents will enjoy the songs as well.... give it a few listens, and you'll be humming &#34;won't you be my money buddy, yeah&#34;, muttering 'ARRRRRRR' at random people walking down the street, and a whole lot more.The release is just in time for the holiday season, so if you know someone with kids in this age range, this CD makes an outstanding gift. Grab this CD-- you'll be glad you did! No fuddy-duddies allowed!
All three of my children have loved this and my 8 year old loves it now as much as my 2 year old does still.
Loved listening to every single piece in this album. Very nice take on simple tunes of classical Indian music which I think will be very soothing to kids!
Beautiful interpretation of these traditional melodies. Even though these are popular compositions, there is something refreshing and new in each piece. Wonderfully soothing.
The artist has done a fantastic job bringing soft Indian classical music to life in the form of lullabies! It's a nice way to introduce kids to Indian classical at an early age. My kids enjoyed it. Also a great gift idea if you are a busy parent driving your kid to birthday parties!
Soothing and relaxing, this album definitely brings back the memories of traditional Indian music and ones childhood. Its a great opportunity to have child exposed to that kind of music at very young age.
These sounds are funny and actually work.  It put my fussy 2 month old right to sleep.  I would recommend trying.
Awesome CD.  The songs are so catchy and a fabulous tool for teachers, therapists and parents to teach and reinforce social emotional skills.
The Dead Poets bring poetry to life with these rhythmic and harmonious tunes! Fun music for children and adults! Life IS fine with good poetry!
Once again &#34;Life is Fine&#34; when the Dead Poets come out with another poetic enterprise! What makes them so unique is the way they take a poem and musically refashion it so it seems like you're hearing it for the first time. Each of the musicians are artists with a capital A. Well done indeed!
The Dead Poets set great poems to great music. This is their best album yet - simply beautiful harmonies and instrumentation for these pieces of classic literature. Sonnet 18, The Tyger and O Captain are few songs sure to get you hooked.
After too many years without a Dead Poets CD, they're back! It's really nice to hear the live performances (surprisingly well-produced) and some new tracks. If you love the Dead Poets, you'll love this CD.  If you haven't ever heard the Dead Poets, then you're in for an excellent surprise.
Remember the poem &#34;Trees&#34; by Joyce Kilmer? Well, you don't remember in the lively, fun way the Dead Poet's have interpreted it!  I remember the sleepy afternoon I first was introduced to this poem, I remember how the paper smelled and how I was desperate to jump out the window of my classroom and fly into the arms of a tree or any place where I could be relieved of listening to my teacher drone on about rhythm and meter. I was nodding off to sleep.  There may have been drool.  Hard to remember that part, I was mostly asleep.These high quality recordings make your toes tap as you walk away whistling the tunes.  Fun for the classroom and car, or as a soundtrack to your everyday.  By the second listen, you will be singing along.  Guaranteed. Try it, you'll find yourself believing that Life is indeed Fine.
I'm not the MOST experienced poetry reader you'll ever find.  But I know many or most of all these and really appreciate how TDP approach the material.  Frankly, I cringed a little on some of the titles thinking, "Oh god.  Trees? Really?"  But they carry it off well enough that you -- or at least I -- hear the old familiar as new and relevant.  Several of the pieces on this album are repeats from earlier albums but the live versions are a nice addition; I find the live performances more appropriate for this material in any case.The whole thing reminds me of a poetic version of Moxy Fruvous, if you recall them...
You can hear the pure joy these guys have in performing in these recordings, whether live in front of an audience or in a studio. Let's see-from Ben Jonson to Shakespeare, you've got some of the greatest rhyming words ever written; the vocal harmonies are superlative AND they are all top-notch musicians, especially that guy on percussion. Buy this. Now.
Clever poems, clever music and clever arrangements.  The Deal Poets clearly enjoy what they're doing and breathe new life into words you've known for years. Enjoy!
My family and I have been huge fans of the Disney Hipsters' wisdom on twitter (and I listen to their adult podcast- awesome!).  We have loved the song &#34;Primeval Whirl&#34; since we heard it and, in fact, the first time my daughter went on the ride at AK she was disappointed that they didn't play Andrew's song (cute, right?).This album continues the awesomeness with more witty lyrics, harmony, and ukulele.  It makes us reminiscent of the great times we've had at Disney World and pine for future visits.  We will be keeping this album on repeat.
I love the Disney Hipsters, so when I heard that Andrew was going to be releasing an album of his songs, I couldn't wait to get a copy. And boy, was I not disappointed!This is the perfect fix to get you through the week until the next podcast, with it's fantastic side conversations, comes out. And to think that it supports such a great charity, makes it all the better.So do yourself a favor and buy this album And if you don't already, subscribe to the Hipsters podcast. I haven't been this happy since they took down the Epcot wand.Congratulations, Andrew!
Such original music that gives you that hopeful joyful feeling of being in Disney World without saccarine lyrics or overproduction.
I just listened to my CD of Heirloom by Greg Howlett, and it was a worthwhile purchase indeed.  The piano arrangements are creative, yet not jarring, renditions of mostly famous children's songs and lullabies.  Greg uses a lot of contemporary jazz chording, but it's tastefully done and isn't over-the-top or contrived in the least. The version I ordered also had nature sounds (the CD is also available sans nature), which are not jarring but sound like my window is open on a lovely or rainy (or both!) evening.  I anticipate playing this when my grandchildren are visiting.  They like to listen to music with nature sounds as they drift off to sleep, and I think they will truly enjoy this lovely CD.