I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.
I didn't expect this cable to be so thin. It's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable I've used. Not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. If I had the foresight I'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable.  Still, it works and was inexpensive.EDIT: 6 months later and it's dead already.  Wire frayed at the right angle jack.  You get what you pay for.
I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. I needed a 12&#34; wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the Mini Advanced Shoe) to the microphone plug on the Video Camera...The wire on this thing is *not* 1 foot long. the actual wire is under 8&#34; long itself. I would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle... I'd have rated it 1 star, but I tried it on my Nikon D3200 (Shoe mounted Shotgun Mike) and it worked out ok. Still a tight fit though (since there's only 8&#34; of wire)...I'd recommend anyone looking for a short cable go with a 2' adapter; worst case scenario, you can zip-tie a loop instead of getting angry that it doesn't fit.Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the DSLR or not (or my shotgun mic).
I got 3 of these to plug XLR cables into the 1/4&#34; jacks on my board. I got it because my board only has 6 channels with XLR inputs. None of them work. Perhaps I got the wrong thing?
The handle and spring strength make this uncomfortable to place on the guitar, and I feel rushed to clamp on the capo because it's unpleasant to use - hurts the fingers. It's cheap and easy to use. It'll do the job, but I don't like it.
it's good but think its a bit expensive for just one they should give you two for that price or lower the price
The Epiphone Les Paul guitars don't particularly sound that great, but they stay in tune much better than the cheap squier strat you can get at the same or lower price. If your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. The reason for this is because for 1, if they decide it's not something they want to do anymore, you can resell it at the same price you bought it for (as long as it is still in decent condition) and little no money is lost. Second, if they do decide to stick with playing guitar and eventually own a &#34;better&#34; or more high end guitar, Mexican made teles or strats are great back up guitars for stage use. I have a couple different high end guitars and I will not get rid of my Mexy Strat because it sounds great still. I'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this.
From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:"Alright, so you want to get a good (if somewhat "basic") distortion sound for less than $100? This is your deal."I strongly disagree.  You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $100 or less, even a few near or under the $40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.I've played guitar for over 10 years.  Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1.  Afterall, everyone talks about them, they're available at any given music store in the nation, you hear about all these famous musicians using them, plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap!  So I snapped one up just like everyone else.  Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR, that doesn't always mean its GOOD (see: Nickelback, the Transformers movie franchise, the Kardashian family, etc...).So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.So here are some pedals I currently own that I like much better than the DS-1.  All of them are great general purpose distortions, easy enough to find new and used in most guitar shops, and can, at the time of this writing, be bought brand new for $75 or less here on good ol' Amazon.com, and are rugged enough to last for years:Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.Pro Co RAT2:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.EHX Little Big Muff:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.MXR Distortion +:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially theMOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moowhich honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.
If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
I was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product. A work-around for the main issue follows the review. The flaws that bother me in order of significance are:1) Quality: Very weak soft-metal screws. Using minimal force and a well aligned driver there was some damage to the screw-heads on all 4 that I worked with. 2 of them rounded out so much that I was afraid they would be hard to remove later, causing me to run to the hardware store for higher quality replacement screws.2) Engineering : The instructions recommend, and the screws (the ones that come with the straplocks) are designed for a #2 Phillips screwdriver. However, a standard #2 driver is too big to fit into the strap-buttons. So you are likely to have to choose between grinding down a screwdriver to fit, or using a #1 which will increase the impact of the first problem above since it is the wrong tool for the job.3) Engineering : The point of connection for the strap is 5/8th of an inch out from the guitar. The strap button has a radius about 3/16ths of an inch. Therefore any lateral stress (i.e. weight of the guitar) is magnified by more than 3x due to leverage pulling outward on the screw. A 9 pound guitar would be applying a constant 27 to 30 pounds of force on the screw and the wood around it (half that when the weight is distributed evenly on two strap buttons of course). Get a little too active on stage and the level of force could go way higher.Realistically, if the screws weren't total crap, this might have been a 3 or 4 star review. Once you deal with the fact that a normal screwdriver won't fit and get the things properly installed, it would probably work out for most people. So if you are stuck with a set, here's what I recommend:Go to a hardware store and buy #6 x 1" oval-head stainless steel replacement screws. Note that these won't fit properly, but they are the closest match and can be modified. (They are 21 cents each at my local stores, and would have cost Dunlop maybe 10 cents more in bulk than what they paid for the crap screws that come with this.)Put the screw into an electric drill (pointy end in) so the screw head is rotating smoothly when you operate the drill. Run the drill while using a file or a belt sander to take a fraction of the diameter off the screw head. It doesn't need much. I used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each. While you are at it, file down a cheap #2 screwdriver so it will fit into the strap button.Install with the new screws as normal, and recommend that your friends try a different brand!
Sorry, I don't like these as they're just too big. They stand out too much. They do work and they're effective but they are too pronounced. There are many good alternatives; strap gaskets, strap locks, undoing the pin and putting it straight into the guitar strap.  Again, they work, but they're not aesthetic nor elegant. I also got a gold set for my bass and now it looks like I should be wearing big purple platforms when I play. Not cool.
the thing is that they don't seem to stay! i mean, you can change the position of the pop filter by varying the shape of the metallic &#34;arm&#34;, but it doesn't stay where you put it. and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality. but, i think if you're lucky if just might get the job done.
I ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? I ordered it "New," and it definitely shows signs that it not new. First, the package was stapled, that's right- STAPLED together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. Then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. When I order something new, I expect it to be new. Based on this product alone, I would not recommend buying from this seller.
Well, what can I say? Based on the customer reviews, this purchase seemed like a no-brainer. However, after only 4 months of light use (used on my rig at home) it is toast. The cable barely holds a signal now (constantly need to jiggle the thing to work). And before you ask, &#34;is it perhaps your output jack?&#34;, all of my other cables work with my gee-tar. So it is definitely the cable :(Anyway, I gave it 2 stars because while it WAS working it sounded great through my Roland JC120.
As the title states, this is a lightly padded duffle bag, nothing more. If you're toating between practice with an instructor, it's okay. I purchased it for that reason...and I'm an adult, so I can be careful. This bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage. I would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag. It will prevent my guitar from scuffs, dings, dent & dirt, but that's it.There are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason I gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price.
I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.Dunlop Ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.Buy em!!!!
I've been playing guitar for over 40 years, and these Tortex picks are nearly the worst I'v ever used.  They are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise.  Dunlop Ultex picks sound much better.
I can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
I recently bought a few packs of Jazz IIIs and I was shocked.  They don't play at all like what I was expecting.  Under high magnification the edge doesn't look the same as the old Jazz III either, and they don't play the same if you turn them over!!!  What's up with that?I'm sorry to give such a poor review to a great brand like Dunlop.  Let's hope this is just a short-term fluke.
It's simple, basic, but I don't think it does that good of a job. This is because it doesn't really humidify that much and doesn't extend very far into the guitar.
Not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do.  Limited dynamic range.  But, it works.  Wish I'd have gotten something a little nicer though.
This is a basic EQ pedal, that is a bit noisy in my testing. Even when running on battery power, there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs.
I don't like the feel or sound of these strings.  I bought both the .010 and the .011 and they both hurt my fingers and sound like tin foil.  I would not buy these again
It is not the size for mini guitar. May be for the big one...Connections are shaky. You will surely notice that the quality is toooo low.
Not much better than the dollar version of the peg winder.  Thought it would be more ergonomic and having the stringer cutter in one tool would be a plus.... but, not quiet up to par.  You'll be better off with the dollar string winder and a cheap pair of snips.
The wire clipper and winder work O.K., but the pin puller is badly designed and doesn't slip under the ball of the pin in order to lift it out. Bad design by someone who doesn't use it to pull pins out of a bridge. I end up using a Jim Dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out. I've done it successfully for years.
Header says it all. Works well enough as a string winder, but I was really lookin for something to pull my bridge pins with and for me, this did not work well at all. Went back to my trusty rubber tipped pliers and just had to be gentle.
I honestly really didn't find this thing useful at all. First, the wire clipper side is relatively bulky (no flush cutting) and doesn't open easily (very stiff action), so trying to get the clipper onto the wire with the very small opening and at the same time peering over the tool itself as it blocks the view - ick. And as for the winder... I suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding, it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner. But it is a tad big for tuner pegs on anything I used it on, so no nice &#34;tight&#34; fit, more of a &#34;jiggle&#34; fit. Plus the clearance needed to actually swing the thing around means having the instrument laying flat on a table doesn't help. Didn't even know there was a bridge pin puller on this thing. Just looked at it... guess that notch in the peg winder is it.Each time I have set out to use it, I end up turning my pegs manually and grimacing over the stiff action of the wire cutters while to align it on the string. I just recently ended up buying a set of Crescent Brand Miniature Cutters & Needle-Nose Pliers Set(the pliers are JUST the thing for pulling the strings and keeping tension while winding). When I have to redo my mothers acoustic guitar, I'll try the notch bridge peg puller. But other wise, this thing gets a serious two-star &#34;meh&#34;.
I purchased Elixir strings after hearing them repeatedly recommended at the music store.  Put them on my Eko Ranger XII acoustic 12 string.  Have 2 problems with the strings.  First, the bass E (11th string) broke while tuning it up.  Had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string (not Elixir).  I have changed strings many, many times, so I am convinced it was not my stringing, but a weakness in the E string itself.  Second, the high D (8th string) seems "dead"; it does not "ring" as it should and as the other high strings do (though none as much as other 12 string sets I've used).  Considering these strings cost much more than others, I certainly am disappointed in them.  Hardly matters if they last longer if they don't sound as good.
not two weeks after I put these on the A string broke close to the ball on the string.  I break high e strings on occasion.  but something as thick as an A string?? maybe it was a defective string as I thankfully bought two sets and I was able to pull the A out of the other set and it has been fine since.  now however I have the dilemma of should I just buy more strings and just use the second set as I need them.  Further more do I stick with the same brand.  that is supposed to last longer than average strings.  At this point I am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there.  I will update once I decide if I should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the D string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe I either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star.  if it happens with a different set of strings I will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly
I bought these strings after buying some Elixir strings for my acoustic, which I was pretty happy with.  For my strat, however, these strings did not sound right from the start. After about a week I really started wondering if it was just in my head or if I really didn't have sustain that I thought I usually got from a new pair of strings.  I convinced myself that it was these strings that were causing all my problems, and I was right.  I put a pair of D'Addario XL 9.5 (highly recommended for those players who can't decide between 9s or 10s) and was amazed at how much tone and sustain I was losing with these Elixir strings.  I did feel like I could move up and down the fretboard easily with these strings, but the lack of sustain and tone have forced me to stay way from these electric strings permanently.  Don't let the higher price on these strings entice you, go with a good set of D'Addario or Ernie Ball strings for consistent long-lasting strings.
Looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position
Did not hold the strings down very well for me... I love the feel of it, but the spring needs more power.
I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in this Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on.
I don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. When you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.It'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. I just don't like the features of this stand at all.
Not happy with the sellers description or the product. The description says "Heavy Duty" which makes you assume that it's a regular hard plastic Mic Clip, but it's not. IT'S RUBBER!!! It sucks. Used it a couple times and it's hard to slide the mic in and I can see after a couple more uses how it's probably going to need to be taped because the swivel will become very loos cause the rubber will wear down quickly, and flex. IT'S FLEXIBLE!!! Who uses Flexible Mic Clips?!!! Make sure you don't buy this and get a hard plastic clip instead.
not so pleased with the sound quality..sorta disappointed with it over all...but ya get what ya pay for ....so i'll keep it anyway
I've purchased these locally several times over the past three years at a music store. Mainly due to the low cost. They work okay, but are difficult to keep in tune. The guitars have to be re-tuned often when temperature, humidity, or playing more than ten minutes occurs. My biggest complaint is tarnish and corrosion. Add that to the winding separating over the fret bars exposing the inner solid string, then the strings go "flat" sounding. These are not quality strings at all, just cheap Chinese Made quality. They are okay for someone that doesn't play often, but if you play daily or as a performer, avoid these strings. Better strings are worth the extra cost. You actually save money by not having to replace them often as you do with these cheap strings. I've had this problem with all the D'Addario brand strings, both for electric or acoustic, 6 or 12 string guitars. The thinner gauge strings will break during tuning or playing. The tarnish and corrosion often ends up contaminating the fret bars and keeping the neck dirty all the time. Cleaning after each playing session only makes the strings corrode faster.
I have played on D'addario Before,  actually the first string I started out on.Super light's are ok,  but can wear out real fast,  So, It's importent not to put to much stess on  them.....espescially if You do alot of tricks, pinched hormonic's vibrato's, extreme bend's,  etc  they will break.  Any skilled guitarist know's  to use  extream  caution when tuning....any strings,I did try extra light (while they do soud nice,and have a nice feel to them)  I would not recamend these for beginer's,  cause beginer's tend to press hard, when they first stat out.Personally,  I don't like D'addario's at all,  I find the tone to bright.
Far too slippery for my fingers when I shredding and the tip wears out way too fast as well.
My picks fall out way too easy while i'm playing live
This was bought based on the advice of others. I had a cable with the standard Neutrik/Switchcraft-type ends fail on me, and this cable was supposed to be either strain free or simply designed for long life because of the strain of usage.It worked great for about 4-6 months, and then broke. It happened so quickly (the trad types seem to take longer) that I swore it must have been the output jack on my guitar. After confirming the guitar was okay, I tried a shorter cable, which worked fine.D'Addario does offer lifetime replacement, but it puts you in a bit of a bind - you need a backup cable while you are waiting for a replacement, and you have to pay return shipping of the defective cable out-of-pocket. You also have to get R.A. Taken altogether, this makes it a deal breaker. The extra costs essentially make this cable as expensive as something that has a track record of lasting for years. In my case, I bit the bullet and did what I should have done the first go-round and got a really nice DiMarzio cable.Again, this cable SOUNDS good while it works - capacitance with the longer cables can be an issue. The good news is that IMO high price is not a guarantee of ANY cable sounding good. The replacement DiMarzio is another example of one that was at the top of the list with cable comparisons. I don't get into the mojo or intangible aspects that will typically find someone paying much more for a cable, but I want durability and published capacitance that is within a certain range. This one meets half of those criteria, but it gets expensive because of the potential to fail sooner rather than later. Well, expensive relative to a cable with an initially higher price but longer lifespan.So the replacement that Planet Waves sent me is now the backup, and is still in the original packaging. I figure I'll use it only for short periods while replacing my main cable, so it should last a long time in that situation. If I have a few $ for the shipping and D'Addario is still honoring the lifetime warranty if/when the 2nd one breaks, I may get it replaced. More likely I will just chalk it up to a learning lesson and toss it. Even $4 shipping is a decent percentage of the cost of a more durable cable - IMO it should be set aside to fund its eventual replacement.If this cable would have last 1.5 to 2 years, I'd probably give it 5 stars given the price. And if D'Addario took away the warranty thing, it would probably re-shape the customer's perception on what something at this price should cost, because it's a wear item, plain and simple. IDK how much R&D; it's worth their trouble to put in something at this price point, but that's is what I would shoot for - a realistically acceptable period of trouble-free use w/no warranty as the trade-off. That would NOT make it a deal breaker.
These look so neat that my brother and I both unknowingly ordered these for each other as gifts last Christmas. Unfortunately they feel too chunky to use and the colored tip grips the strings in an unfortunate way making it difficult to play.
Nice looking gooseneck, threads are clean, fits well.  However, the gooseneck is too flexible and will not hold up a mic (Shure SM58) without collapsing.  Better try another brand, or spend a buck or two more to get a better product.
I bought these mics to fit a shure mic and a GLS mic and it doesn't fit either.  A little too small.
Not very substantial. It began to tear on my guitar strings. I was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses.
This pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like CRAZY! You will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.I'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a LOT of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.Over all I would not recommend this product.
Compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but I cannot abide the noise ... I tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ...
If you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a Guitar > Volume Pedal > Amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a POORLY engineered pedal.  It can't be "true bypass" as long as the signal travels through a potentiometer but they can use pots that are a virtual short when adjusted properly and with the pedal forward.Anyway, the difference between plugging my guitar directly into the amp and placing this pedal in the chain between the amp is immediately noticeable.  The tone becomes duller, the output drops.  I would expect that from an Asian knock-off, not from an A-list gear maker.  I might be over-stating Ernie Ball's reputation, though they make some fine guitars I gotta say, and I've used their strings for many years.If you plan to use this EB-6180 pedal with digital effects you should be fine.  This is because the digital device will take two measurements of pure resistance at either end of the rocker.  The signal processing takes place in the unit, not the pedal.  (Those units have their own tone problems but that's another review.)It does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (NOT "true bypass" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal.  I will need to try that out, but it does not excuse Ernie Ball from their responsibility.  Major FAIL on their part.2 stars is generous because EB fails to honor the simple "first do no harm" principle. It harms your tone.  How dumb is that?  The pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though I have my doubts about their "string" mechanism over time.  The rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.I have no recommendations for a volume pedal.  Because of the feel, and esthetics, I do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver.
I started by powering 1 stomp box on this chain and it worked, but when I tried to add a second/third stomp box, I couldn't get any guitar sound only a loud buzz. I returned this product I did further testing, I would not recommend it to anyone. With my personal experience in mind, I would advise you to save your money and get a pedalboard power supply. hope this helps
Through my Ampeg bass amp, the low E string gets distorted when you push the bass control above 7, and the upper 3 strings sound kind of plain.
My guitar originally came with D'Addrio exp and they sounded good. I replaced them with Elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. This time I got a 3 pack of EJ16-3d light. The were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.But the sound is the problem. It's terrible. They sound very muddy. Crisp tone distinction is just not there. I thought light would be the better route, but now I'm not sure. I purchased some others to try. Also, since a purchased a 3 pack. I may just change the strings completely again to see If I just have some dead strings.
Bought these to try them out the medium gauge and brand. Mediums too hard on my thin fingers and will stick to light and extra light gauges. The strings were hard to slide, un-slippery, and changing barr chords made so much squeaks I didn't like. Tone is warm but too mellow for my tastes. G-string snapped 2 days later at the windings with the string wounds pried right off :\
D'Addario,what's up? These didn't last long at all.I don't play my Martin very often,(too busy with electrics..) but these were trashed in a month.Guess your using recycled car bumpers for strings now? Never purchase again.
This is a beautiful shock mount. However for the price it didnt perform. The mount doesnt fit directly to the blue yeti and it leaks wind and plosive sounds on P's and S's. Not worth the price.
I was not happy with the sound of these strings. The EAD steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon GBE strings sound tinny. For an extra $2 I bought the D'Addario EJ45 Pro Arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old Yamaha G-60.  Spend the extra $2 its well worth it.
I tried the Dean Markley Blue Steel Light accoustic strings on my Takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  On quality control, the high E steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  String did not break as I rather expected, but it looks bad.  On sound, these seemed okay at first, but I still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high B and E steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  And I find the low E wound string notes tend to be too high as I move up the neck, more so than other sets I have used.Guess I'll go back to D'Addario and Ernie Ball.
If you expect to get what you pay for, prepare to be disappointed. Sounds weak. Sounds old. Sounds worn. Sounds dull. I wanted to experience a new brand on my Stratocaster. I can afford to pay twice as much. But I am going to keep using my D'adario Strings from now on. I am so disappointed. These strings are for the &#34;campfire guitarist&#34; not the aggressive picking thrilling, tapping, pull offs, or sweepers. If you are a tone fanatic keep looking. If your guitar deserves the best, do not betray your instrument or insult your tube amp with these strings. Respect your GUITAR.  I wouldn't be surprised if they are made from China.
I bought one of these in the beginning - just to have something - as this is better than having nothing at all - but it's certainly nothing special. The material and the skinny width was uncomfortable for me and exacerbated my neck pain, so I only used it for a very short time.On the other hand, if you have a nice guitar that you really take great care of, then you'll probably want to invest in a much nicer strap at some point. I upgraded to a really nice 3&#34; wide black leather Levy's guitar strap - which is five stars all the way.If you're a newbie and don't have a strap, and are on a tight budget and need something, then this Planet waves strap will probably work for you - till you can upgrade to something nicer and more comfortable to wear. Just my 2 cents.
I have a Taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. Rather than ruin the finish of the guitar I just got a different strap. Plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since I had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where I liked it to play. If the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made.
Good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice.This was my first guitar strap i had ever bought. I didnt really care about quality i just needed a strap to get by. Over the 6 months ive had it i took it off my electric guitar and put it on a new electric acoustic I recently got and it keeps popping off. This is a problem is standing up playing at a gig or just around your house. The guitar could take that head dive of death, while one dive might not do too much damage a few might crack the neck or worse.My Advice: unless you plan to sit and play (which you wont really need a strap anyways) the whole time, spend alittle more to get a leather strap. Spending more on a leather strap will help avoid hole stretching and the popping off of the strap in mid play.
All I gotta say about  this product is that I get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me. Other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me.
The travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but I stand in front of a mic on stage.  The pedal generates  a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so I can't use it.  You get what you pay for.  King Vox and Dunlop High Gain, both passive, have passed the test, and I'm pretty picky!
I ordered two of them and both arrived within a week. I tested both of them, they sound quite good as the majority reviewers said (that's why I bought this !!!). And they are solidly built too, not one of the pretty light microphone that comes in with cheap karaoke machine.I don't expect to come with it, so no cable is OK for me.Here is the BUT ...... : there is no ON/OFF switch, this really pissed me off.But this is my fault, I should have read the 1 star review first.The photo shows no ON/OFF switch, however this does not catch any attention.And all seller seems to have trouble to say "this product does not have this, does not have that..." It only says what the product does have.Oh well, I got stuck with two microphones without ON/OFF switch.I can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone.
I was a little disappointed.  Don't know if it's a QC problem or if I just got some rejects but out of 6 pots, 1 was out of spec (315k) and 2 were almost out (289k, 205k).  1 was right on the money and the other 2 were within 10%.  They are CTL's so I'm a bit confused.  Other than that they work fine, they have the nut, washer and cap included (no knob).  I will be upgrading the caps.
I would think it would be reasonable to assume that this would fit a Squier Bullet Strat, but the holes didn't line up, it didn't fit between the neck and the bridge, in fact, it was completely wrong. Nice quality though.
Buttons itself are fine, however when I was installing it the screw broke inside the guitar (right above the thread). And I even pre-drill it. there is no way I can get it out :( so had to find real screw and drill new hole next to it (now slightly off-center now)
I've ordered two of these kits in the aged white, and each one has had severe scratches and scuffs all over the tremolo cavity cover plate. Literally to the point where it looks like someone dropped them on a concrete floor, accidentally stepped on them, and then decided they were good enough to send out for sale. The knobs, covers and tips are all in great shape, however.
My first desk mic stand, and the adjuster part broke after only two days of use. It worked once when I originally set it, then kaput. It's never worked properly since. I still use it but have to wrap electrical tape so that it's at the right height. I would not purchase this product again.
I purchased these picks, because I play bass in an alternate punk metal band. We play drop tuning and playing with a plastic or nylon pick creates alot of noise. I was hoping that these picks would stop the pick noise. They don't make that annoying plastic to metal sound, but they are very flexible. I need to have alot of pick speed. These slow me down way to much. The other reviews I read stated that these were like rigid picks, but no they are not. Too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you don't have to tremolo pick, not very good if do have to.
I should have read the reviews carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. Ouch! I'm much happier with my Friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!And who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? If you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers?
I tried it for iPad. It kinda wobbles up and down. It has a light strip of metal without a bracing design so it flaps up and down when something heavy is attached to the end such as my iPad.  I only recommend it for something light weight.  There's better ones out there. See my review on the music stand. That comes with a solid extension arm...
I thought I could take the smell. I couldn't.Otherwise it would be a decent deal and not bad sounding.The case is nice too, but everything smells like the Chinese rubber smell at Harbor Freight Tools. (sulfur?)I tried airing it out for a week with no success.If you have no sense of smell, get one.
The material it's made of is good, and it holds the guitar. The only things i don't like are 2.1)Each of the corners has a cap. The one at the bottom where you actually put the guitar it comes off.2)The part at the bottom that looks like a U (used to hold the guitar) it spins... It means that there is nothing like a bolt or a screw to make it stay still, so every time you try to put your guitar on you have to make sure to put that straight.I would suggest to but a more expensive model or a totally different one.
it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together I am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. The bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, I am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...I prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. This one? Meh. Not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo.
Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top.  A few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end.  Overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long.  I will replace with 12s however.  For me the 11s felt a little loose.  The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box.  I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model.  I'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s.
The version I picked came with a grounding wire, claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap, crackles, and pops.  If you believe that, continue to do so, and maybe you'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device.  Speaking more pragmatically, I've found some use for the item only when loose, conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc.
I purchased these as well as the Jim Dunlop 7000 locks.  I recommend the 7000 model.  They both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy.  The 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space.  You will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units.  This is true for either one of the models.  I have a regular nylon 2&#34; Levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007SI) work well, but I prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000).
I bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what I found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). The release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.Bottom line: If you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. For everyone else, look elsewhere.
Barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. I do however question whether the word "Pro" should apply to this system. Although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. The signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. To its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.After playing with the device for a couple more minutes, I noticed that any movement whether I kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and I moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. Even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. YIKES!!! Perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which I previously described above. I'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. I'll probably be returning this unit asap.
I got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass I had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. Also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. I had never used strap locks before and don't think I will again.
No where on the description does it say that the mic clip is NOT included.  The only place is on the box AFTER you have received the item.  There's no instruction (which is fine). But in the product description it doesn't say that you must purchase the mic clip separately or you can't use it.I bought this and have it shipped second day because I need to use it and now I can't because it doesn't come with a Mic Clip which I have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping.  The price is the stand is reasonable had it included the mic clip.  But without it, I felt cheated.
The only reason I'm not giving this one star is that I didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. I got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals. We have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. NOPE. This pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. AVOID.
I purchased this as my first guitar slide. I loved it for about one month, then it fell off my finger and shattered into tiny pieces. I almost cut myself! I will never buy a glass slide again, I recently bought a Dunlop brass slide and love it. The difference between glass and metal is that glass is a muddier, mellow tone, and glass is crisper, louder, and does not break. I would not suggest this to anyone. The metal ones are about the same price, they don't break, and sound way better. There's a reason ALL pros use metal! The review below is wrong. Slides are meant to cover your ENTIrE finger, all the way to the tip. You don't bend your finger to play slide. You retune your guitar to an open tuning. Just thought I would point that out.
This is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, I try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage.  Other than that it is usable, sort of, but I am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with.
I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
Dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and I have used the standard model for some time. It seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.I used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while I was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.Later I wound up trying the Humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a Dreadnought, I took to putting the Dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a Planet Waves Microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. Then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. Worked great.So I ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. They now ship without the clips. Company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though I didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. More importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when I pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. So I sent it back to Amazon for a refund. No problem getting the refund, but I'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.If you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the OM model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else.
The only instrument this works well on is my Yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings I want more pressure, I advise getting the NS Capo that is not "lite",  I prefer that one above this model.
I ordered one of these because I like my other Planet Waves Capo a lot (I believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;Lite&#34;). However, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a Martin jumbo acoustic). It will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. Your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.I'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. It doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as I can tell. Unless I just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, I wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.My recommendation is the classic Kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). If you are looking for the screw-down style, I would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;Lite&#34;.
It is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..I used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. Nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. I would not recommend it.
The Chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. It is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have.
This system works just okay.  Try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.My microphone stopped working shortly after I purchased this item.  I contacted Pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.They couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where I could even buy a replacement.Very frustrating!
in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 NYLON clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...Again, like someone else NOTED the OBVIOUS>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is GIGANTIC.This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man
Don't know what I expected for such a cheap price, but this product's quality is in line with its price. Also, the fit over my ukulele's fretboard is very tight, making it hard to put on and remove.
This one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. The fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in China guitar. From the reviews I was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but I'm not at all impressed. One thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.I recently bought a Johnson JG-610-N, a Johnson JG-620-N, a Bristol BD-16, a Jasmine S35, and this Yamaha. If I'd only played the Yamaha I'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side I can definitely say it's not at all amazing. The Bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. The Johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. The Jasmine is nice but I haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.The Yamaha FG700GS is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. Now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. The Bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. Also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the Yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.Can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit "hive mind" where everybody buys into a hype. Maybe I got a dud guitar, but I doubt it, they're all made in the same factory.
I bought this to connect a Technics TT with an Audio Technica cartridge to my newer Onkyo receiver with no phono input. The unit did work but I had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. With this preamp I am getting some serious spikes into the amp. They are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. I do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.This unit may work perfectly fine with a Behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. I am returning it.
The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. The packing way below average. As a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. Worked fine.
Considering the price is so cheap on these, I took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio. To say that I used it "rarely" is an understatement - maybe once a month when I have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vDrums and a bass DI through my powered wedges. That said, within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether, and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume ALL the way up.Aside from it not working less than a year later, as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well. However, if you're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice, it's a decent little mixer while it works.Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero.
I'd give this 1 and a half stars if I could. This little Amp is so noisy if you hardly touch/move a cable plugged into it. It is so hard to get full sound in head/earphones with this. I can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. I have to always adjust my cable's connector to get any full sound for a second. I can still use this, but hardly. I really don't like this.
if you go very high with the boost in frequencies, you will get noise in significant quantities. too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation. Pay the extra money and get something quiet. Others complained about this and they were right. If you want to experiment with equalization, its good and cheap. Some complained about each band boosting others. This is more of a user problem than manufacturing. If you want to isolate a frequency range, boost that range and then cut the ones before and after it and you'll get a narrow range. In this respect, its like an MXR 6 band.
soi f you want to turn Distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie
While the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. On the website it mentioned that it accepts the Shure KSM32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the KSM32, look elsewhere.
I picked one of these up when they were being blown out cheaply at a big box store.  Who doesn't need another pocket tuner to throw in the guitar bag, right?  The price was less than ten bucks, but unfortunately it doesn't work very well.  The microphone inside the unit is simply not very accurate.  It gets you in the ballpark, but just barely.  Strike a note once, and it's sharp.  Play the same note with the same force again and it says you are in tune.  I think the Korg tuner is in roughly the same price range and it performs the job much better.
Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as .09-.42.
Pros:-Price point-Good, clean audio quality when working.-Changeable mesh ballsCons:-Limited upper frequency response (&#62;8kHz)-One stopped working after about half an hour of use. It was not dropped or abused in any way.-Requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet.
SummaryAcoustic sounds &#34;ok&#34;, but noisy in weird ways. I returned it. Price seems high for what it is and vs. alternatives in the marketplace.Pros- Boss case is metal, mechanical design is durable- standard 9V power, and the power jack is on the back where it belongs.- variety of acoustic sounds possible. (personally, I only thought 1 of them sounded realistic at all though)Cons- fizzy noise integrated with notes played (or chords)- generally kind of noisy in the pedal chain- While I have several Boss pedals, I think they always make the knobs too small and the font/print too small. I prefer pedals with larger and fewer knobs that can be tweaked with your toe if needed while playing.Details:The basic concept is good. I had an AC-2 (prior model) and sold it because it had a noise problem where there was a fizzy noise when you play a note. It wasn't in between the notes or when not playing, it was integrated with the sound of every note you played (or chord) and you could not filter it. It was also just noisy in the pedal chain. Adjusting your guitar volume down for higher gain pickups helps some. However, I sold that model because I didn't want the pedal in the chain with everything else and I wasn't happy with the sound. At the time, the AC-2's were selling for about $85 new. Boss since redesigned AND raised the price significantly on the AC-3.I bought the AC-3 hoping they had improved the issues of the AC-2 -- and they did, a little. But not enough to keep it. I returned it after a week because it still has the same basic issues, just not as pronounced. I think the AC-3 could work for gigging, but there are other choices that sound as good for $25 instead of $130 to $150 (with tax and/or shipping) so to me, the boss pedal is overpriced and not that great.I opted for a Behringer acoustic modeller instead. They make two -- a &#34;300&#34; and a &#34;400&#34;. The 400 has reverb on the pedal. I opted for the 300 and got it for $25. I expect the durability will be lower on the Behringer than the Boss as it has a plastic case. However, this is an effect I pull out just once in a while and since I can buy 4 or 5 or 6 Behringers for the price of a Boss....if it breaks...I'll just buy another.I also have a Boss GT-100 multi-effects unit. You can get the same or similar acoustic modelling sounds out of that, out of the Behringer or out of the Boss AC-3. The least cost effective of those choices is the AC-3 - and it has noise issues the other two don't have.I'm not saying its a bad pedal, I'm just saying it wasn't the best choice for me when considering the cost, the sounds, and my usage model. If they would fix the noise issues, I might have even kept it. I did opt to keep the Behringer for those times I'm using a discrete pedal board and want an acoustic model effect. This Boss pedal just didn't work that well for me.
When I purchased this I'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. Guess what? As far as I can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. This is NOT worth the money.
Disapointed. The sensors are not providing a clear full bright sound. It sound muffled. I will have to replace it soon.
..it works.But expect some flaws.First,finding a driver to use was a pain.It doesn't come with a software disc,so look on Behringer's support site for driver download.Whatever driver you do use it kills all other audio,you can't run any other media player and get sound.My advice is unless you have a dedicated PC or laptop for using this...get something else.
In fact, I don't think this Hosa GTR215R cord lasted 2 hours. One step on the cord and it came apart. This purchase is the very reason why I'm looking to buy a wireless system. Maybe if you're using this to run a PA I would recommend it. But if any performer is hard on their cords I wouldn't recommend this item....but to be fair, I would recommend wireless to any performer. You'll end up saving money over the long haul.
The Good:This is a good tool to practice guitar with headphones.The Bad:The tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination, unless you like hyper-distorted noise.  The cleans sound artificial and the crunch tones have obvious digital distortion applied.  The effects are hit and miss as well.  Plate reverb is decent but spring reverb is so artificial sounding that it's downright offensive.Throw in the fact it chews through batteries, the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use, and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable, headphone cable, and power adapter plugged into it, I'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones.
It's a good ideal but the big problem I have is if Ya are using a tube Amp. ( have a 65' Twin Reverb Fender tube ) Ya get one HELL of a HUM. It's so bad I just can't use it at all. I'm not sure about a transistor Amp. but who uses those ????
I heard great things about the S6 and so, being a novice without any idea of what to buy, I bought it based upon reviews. I've played it for a year, and after spending many hours in guitar stores comparing guitars, here are my (humble) thoughts:- The Seagull is comparatively unattractive. Its snake-head headstock with the tiny, not-great tuners looks out of place on a dreadnaught guitar.- The cedar top is very nice looking, and the rosewood fretboard/bridge on mine are very nice.- The laminate sides/back seem much thicker than competing guitars, and this makes the guitar heavier and, to me, less &#34;alive&#34;/resonant during playing.- The satin-finished cedar top is very easy to marr.- The cedar is warm at low to mid strumming force, but at a heavy strum, the top seems to bottom out and lose definition.- The treble sounds tinny to me and the bottom end seems muddy.- The frets are smaller than competitors but are OK.- The binding is a sharp 90 degree angle without any radius to it so it cuts into the chest and arms after playing - something I've not encountered before.- I can get the action very, very low before the frets rattle - nice!All in all, it is an OK instrument that stands out simply because it's made in Canada for Asian/Mexican prices - that said, just because it comes from Canada doesn't embody it with mystical vibes. In fact, for the price range, I can get a just-as-good Asian/Mexican guitar with a nicer laminate back/front, Sitka spruce solid top wood, better tuners, and a more attractive headstock - with a gloss finish for durability and that sounds just as good.I don't regret getting it, but I feel like I overpaid for what I received, and while the brand might have been a great deal at last decade's exchange rates, I have seen much better guitars in shops for the same price. Seagull to me is over-hyped.Thanks for reading!
In my experience these cables were not great.  The connectors rattle, they are made of cheap materials and the cable subsequently had a ton of line noise.  I can't expect miracles at that price-point but I certainly expected better. I avoid this brand of cables.
I bought this unit for a friend, and I could compare with others overdrives I already have. I think the MXR Badass Custom Modified Overdrive or Way Huge Green Rhino are better choise.
I am a tone freak. I bought this pedal a while back under the impression that it would sound equal to a big muff. At the time i had never owned a big muff. I thought the sound it produced was big muff sound. I later took it to my friends house and matched settings with a real big muff. The difference was huge. The big muff sounded fuller where the little one sounded like you just took the sound and trapped it in a little box. I later bought a big muff and its been one of my go to pedals for at least three years of gigging. I am currently loving it still but i am curious about the nano big muff because i am looking to clear out space on my board but i will probably not use it if it sounds anything less than the real deal. I would only use the little big muff if my concerns for sound were out shined by the need to minimize board space
My hopes for this pad was that it would be soft a sqishy on my shoulder.  The gel is pretty dense, so it's kind of hard and squishy and very heavy!  I found that it just added more weight.  I'm not using it.  I would look elswhere for a different product.
To heavy....it doesn't stay where you need it. slips down becuase of wieght.. get something else or larger strap to dispers wieght of the guitar...
These cans were decent, back when they were just above 100 bucks. They've inflated to 160 and that's just ridiculous. There is better in this price range. The SRH840's for example on eBay for 120~ bucks new, does everything better than these cans. The M50's have really punchy bass, and extremely stringent highs, they're very loose in the low end, and their mids are recessed. That combination makes for a fatally tiring listening experience. The pads are pleather and terribly uncomfortable, whilst having an almost starchy texture to them. The headband clamps onto larger heads and lacks decent padding underneath. These phones are also terrible in regards to any soundstage at all, which means for gaming, these will be pretty terrible. They do some... SOME... new genres alright, but their extremely aggressive presentation makes these phones just hard to listen to. They also can't do lighter genres like Jazz and Classical due to their poor positoning. There are much much better monitors in this price range than these, the Shure SRH840 as I've said before totally outclass these headphones in all areas.Stay away, don't fall victim to the noob hype.
If you can read the tiny little screen, this thing records nicely. But it's a pain in the Axx to move from one selection to the other. There were a couple of times I almost threw against the wall. It has a tendency to completely freeze up and the on/off switch does nothing. You have to pull the batteries out and reinstall them for the damn thing to work again.
I have finally learned my lesson.I have purchased a number of these over the last year or two.. and previously had the same opinion as reviewers that say "good for static applications" as the cable conductors are prone to breakage, even along the length of the cable, not just at the connectors...But they are dirt cheap so i figured that was ok.But now, after recently buying and installing a cable from a mic in a sound booth to a digital mixer I checked it out and it seemed to work.A week later an acoustic duet came to record and the mic cable made the singer sound like she was singing behind a curtain.. yup..the cable.So by all means buy these on price, but when you get your items..please fully check them out.. a simple "does it work yes/no" is clearly not good enough, as i learned
Levy's leathers could have made this guitar strap out of a softer material, especially on the edges.  It cuts into your neck horribly, even thru a shirt. Yukko.  The fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap.
First Behringer pedal I have returned. Almost no effect provided by pedal. I have returned the unit. Not worth it. Lousy pedal.
I give the product a 4star for doing what it is supposed to do. I give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period. Generously, I'll give it 2stars. Something like this really should last at least a year or more. Cheap parts/manufacturing?  50 cents a day is not a good deal for a device of this nature.
Sound is not so good. Strange how the gain has to be turned up along with the volume to hear anything.
I used AC30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these.Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings.For people worried about CONSTRUCTION, these turned out to be very sturdy (AC30s i previously used did, but the built/materials are exactly same).Even if you're determined to settle for the mediocrity of phone amps, go for cheaper models, or simply buy AC30, the latter has acceptable cleans..
As an amateur musician, I'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such.  I thought this gadget would do the trick, but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just didn't meet my expectations.
Bought this years ago. It was a nice long cable that I bought figuring it'd be durable but it didn't last. Maybe it was my mistreatment of the cable but then again it should be built to gig... If I was better with wiring I'm sure it's fixable but all in all it didn't last as long as I'd hoped.
Cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. GLS brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. Both have tweed jackets however the Hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the GLS cable does. I would recommend the GLS product over the Hosa product.
The vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone. It now rest at bottom of a box.
On the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing.  They are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.They don't sound horrible.  I mean, they are not computer speakers or anything.  The sound is very forward, I would say harsh.  That's not uncommon among studio monitors.  There is definitely a lot of clarity here.  Not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size.  There's a few schools of thought on studio monitors.  Some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker.  These will be more pleasing to people interested in the first.  I definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this.  Any flaws would be quite noticeable.I previously used KRK RP8's so I can compare these to them.  Granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors.  I liked them better than these.  They were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.I was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if I could improve the situation...BUT one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on.  The buzz increases in volume over time.  I tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power).  Nothing stopped the buzz.  If they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds.  So I sent them back.  I wasn't really impressed with the sound and I'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so I'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead.  Maybe Behringer 3031a's or something.  I think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor.
Good grip, but too flexible, and the description says nothing the thickness or the flexibility of these picks. Probably good for strumming, but not good for lead.
This is an affordable copy of the Boss Harmonist pedal. I bought this mainly for the harmonist and polyphonic pitch shift feature. But was surprised by how much fun the trem bar and flutter mode was to play with.Anyway on the third day the tracking on the pedal suddenly started to have about a one second delay. And on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem, hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise. Also the pedal just started oscillating a few times. I would have given the Behringer us600 five stars if it kept working, it tracked nice and didn't tone suck too bad.
Some things are great values, others are cheap. The Behringer is cheap. The clips are cheap. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. The clip that holds the pedal is also cheap plastic. IF you get stuck using batteries, plan on 3-4 hours worth of use. It's also a noisy pedal. Like noisier than my Dyna Comp and OD pedals combined. Like you will not record with this pedal in your chain unless you want a mountain of noise. If you leave it plugged into your cables, even when powered down, it will eat your batteries.All of those negatives aside, you are paying less than $40 for a Reverb pedal that has several usable features. The 63' spring is great, the plate is also really good. It also has a worth-the-price-alone "space" feature. Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Paired with a chorus effect, you can get some really cool tones.The RV600 is not without merit, but it is a bargain effect pedal and it has some fun to use features. If you gig or record and need a reverb...well...you aren't even looking at this pedal. If you play at home and have a low watt amp that doesn't have a reverb built in, this is a good option.
Had I known what I was getting I would never have ordered it.  There are gig bags and there are gig bags.  I've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags.  I expected more. This one offers almost no protection.  The only reason I have not returned it yet is that the return shipping will leave little to refund, but may end up returning it anyway.It *did* fit my Kala KA-TG with room to spare.
This seems to have been a rare case but still, i had my ukulele on is and it snapped, I'm worried what might happen with a guitar or a bass
I purchased this stand for my electric guitar and used it for a couple of weeks before the weak weld broke on the neck holder at the top when I placed my guitar in it. Upon close inspection, the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube. The tubing is made from very thin round steel tubing that is maybe .025&#34; wall, so don't expect it to take much abuse before it snaps off- even if it is welded better than mine was. Just folding the legs repeatedly back and forth will likely cause it to break or pop out one of light duty aluminum rivets on the legs- it is literally that thin of metal tubing.For $10-11 I did not expect perfection, so to it's credit- it is foam covered where it needs to be and has never scratched my guitars.This stand does have one other good quality- it is CHEAP! Since it was less that $11, I cannot see going through the hassle of returning it. I was able to carefully weld mine back together- but this would probably not be an option for most. The stand might work fine if you don't fold it up regularly and if you leave it set up- but If you need portability and durability- I would definitely purchase a better quality stand.
When set on blink, they blink way too fast.  When not set on blink, all 4 lights come on and focused into just 1 spot that the combined color come out white.  Useless design.
I purchased 4 of these, of the four 1 was no good on arrival another failed after 2 short time uses. I will not buy more. The first one was returned after some resistance from the seller the second one had passed the warranty time before it had failed. Suggest thoroughly testing these upon arrival if you purchase these. For the $$$ should be more dependable.
Just use a cloth or paper towel.
My issue with the Pedaltrain 2 is the accommodation of a power supply. I have a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus.The documentation that comes with this pedalboard specifically states that this power supply mounts under the board, and it even includes mounting brackets that fit this power supply. However, if you actually try to mount it to the underside of the board as suggested, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.First of all, regarding the two circular holes on the front of the board. The fitment to the power supply is there... sort of. There's no way to align them perfectly because the holes on the pedaltrain 2 are slightly too close together. I wasn't worried about this, since I doubt I'll ever chain them and only have access to 1 outlet.The second issue is, the allegedly self-tapping screws that come with the mounting kit strip as though they were made of butter. Once you've got them in (or attempted to do so), they're never coming out. You'll probably have to break them. It's a shame to have cut corners on something so inexpensive.The main issue I have with this board relating to my Voodoo Lab power supply is this. Once you get the power supply mounted properly on the underside of the board (it can only go one place), you begin to plug in your pedals and you discover that the cables supplied with the power supply don't fit the mounting location on this board. You can't plug them in because there's not enough clearance between the frame of the pedalboard and the sockets the cables plug in to.I really only bought this pedalboard because of the supposed perfect compatibility with the Voodoo Lab power supply I own, but given that it doesn't fit like it's supposed to, I wish I could return this board - except I can't, because it now has holes drilled in it. (You have to drill the board to mount the power supply underneath it.)Basically, I paid $100 for a plain flat sheet metal metal rectangle and a couple rolls of velcro. Needless to say, I'm not very pleased.
From the product description, I expected something far more robust than this unit. By and large, I've had great experiences with Behringer pedals, but this reverb unit is the wimpiest I have ever used in 40 years of playing - no stronger than the reverb in a 5w First Act amplifier.
This "would" be a great digital reverb but for the fact that the more you turn the level up on the reverb intensity, it simultaneously fades the initial attach of the strum, pluck or riff rendering the reverb relatively worthless if you 'want a lot of reverb". What the hell was Behringer thinking???
The plastic knob that you use to tighten the ball and socket doesn't grip very well and even the lightest camera will slip and sag. it's a great idea but not well executed.
The plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of VERY thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. I guess I can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but I have many Whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. I expected more from this manufacturer, but I guess the quality is not the same as it used to be.
I bought this for a practice amp for my bass guitar. It showed up on amazon when I was doing a search for "Bass Guitar amps", other regular guitar amps were not showing up so I was curious about it. After a bit of searching online to see if a guitar amp would work for practice situations, I thought I would give it a try because some people say yes, others said no. I wanted to test for myself. While I did get sound and was able to practice, it didn't have anywhere close to the tone I was hoping for. So I ended up returning it the next day. I'm not upset about the amp itself, just that it shows up as a bass amp off the search, which is the only reason I gave it a shot. For a regular guitar, this would be fine but not bass. I which they would take bass out of the key words or whatever was in there to trigger this to show up. I was in the market for a practice amp for under $100 and was hopeful, but what I ended up doing was buying a used Acoustic B20 1X12 Bass Combo Amp for the same price as this new practice amp and I am a lot more satisfied. Again, this review is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar.
Great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. Fortunately I had no problem returning it for a full refund so overall I'm happy with the results.
This works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop.
I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. The respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the PC end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface.
My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications.  Cheap midi may get you there, but if not you have to buy another.  Yep, always the gamble.
I may have misunderstood the product description but I prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. My issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when I play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. If you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what I thought.
Purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock Martin and it just didn't fit well for me. Also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove. A string style worked a lot better, was a lot easier to attach and remove, and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed.
I like the Jim Dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best.  If you want your electric guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
These cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.The large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as Hosa.
I purchased the H4n after being unhappy with the H2's performance most significant where I couldn't record a good sounding signal that wasn't distorted with the Line In jack.  Only to find that the H4n has the same problem but not as bad.  If I try to record a line level signal from a sound board or stereo receiver and connect to the H4n's 1/4 inch jacks, it is almost impossible to not to have a distorted signal.  It appears that on both models the line in preamp is too sensitive and clips very easily and because it is clipping in the preamp, adjusting the gain doesn't correct it.  I contacted Zoom's tech support about the H2 and was told that I likely had a defective unit.  I returned the H2 and decided to give Zoom another chance and try the H4n after seeing many positive reviews.I really like the H4n's design, the menus and controls are nicely organized.  It feels more sturdy than the H2.  The recording quality using the built in mics is excellent.  Most other recorders in this price range don't have XLR inputs.  Since I plan to use it mostly for recording concerts by connecting to a line out or tape out on a sound board, if the line in jacks don't work properly and can't accept a normal line level signal without clipping, I can't use this for what I bought it for.  I have used my Sony minidisc recorder for the same type of application for the past 8 years and have never had any problems.  I've worked with pro sound equipment for over 25 years and have used many types of recorders and so far the Zoom products are the only ones where I have encountered this problem.  If you are using this to record with mics, it works great, but if you need to record from line level sources, the Zoom recorders may not be a good choice.  I exchanged this for the Tascam DR-07 and while the Tascam doesn't have as many bells and whistles, It is a nice recorder and I'm very happy with it.
I really wanted this to be a great product.  The screws strip out too easily.  Basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  I had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  Nope.  Even the pop filter fell off.  I LOVE the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  Otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  Just make it one solid piece.  I'm tempted to try to fix it with Gorilla Glue because I do love the design.  It's just not strong enough.  Not that it's a surprise though.  Not much of anything is worth the money these days.  It's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  Why should they?  They already have your money.  I feel like I should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  Besides, what are they going to do?  Replace it with another broke a$$ product?  Better yet, refund my money for the product I paid - minus shipping????  That doesn't include the time I spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  I want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  Whatever, don't buy one.  Companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  What would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  Did you test this product?  How did you test it?  What were your results?  Is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?Nope
I gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. Also there are  many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. The sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.I am looking into a Boss ME-25 instead,
i only bought with the idea that a "FULL" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a "compact version" and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst's Au's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface "i guess" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to "intro" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface..... Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably...
I have a 1953 telecaster body and after installing the screw to the pickup they were to long for the body . I had to trim them down
This particular brand I've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that I got worked fine for about a couple days. It went out and I sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that I MIGHT have gotten a bad one.And I requested in a letter when I sent it in that they send another one in exchange, That didn't work out so well, with that being the only way I COULD RATE it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, I'd have to rate this one at the bottom...
should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck
Sounds disgusting. Very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. Don't hope to take chords on it. Only on first 4 strings may be...Try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one.
Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15.00.  I only spent $8.59 for this and I'm mad at myself.  It was cheap enough that I rolled the dice to see if I could get away with a decent product for CHEAP.  It feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass.  I couldn't believe that Pyle would put that much effort into a great "fit and finish" product, yet not put decent components inside.  This is the noisiest piece of crap I've ever used - I ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60.00).  Pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as "Pyle of S***."Sorry folks, but I'd skip this one.  The 5-star ratings must be from employees.  The only reason I didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (Remember, I only spent $8.59), and I'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.Live and learn.  Why would I think plugging a $2000.00 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea?  My fault.
Well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..However I am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..I bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a NIGHTMAREGoing on a week now no support help from either company..HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. This is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...There is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..Im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.Alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software..
It does not stick on to the guitar very well.  Trying some of the other reviews as to ways to get it to stick worked but I now have a small circle in the finish of my Martin.  I made mistake of attaching so wife could play Rocksmith and now wish I had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup.
the suction cup does not work. it looks like aged. it's very hard with room temp 70F. I removed the rubber suction cup and I have to use a big paper clipper to secure it on the sound hole edge. it picks up sound OK, but not great.
I bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic. Learned my lesson. Should of just forked over the money for an a/e. I have a Yamaha F335 I really like. I say someone take a piezo transducer to amplify his guitar so I thought I'd try it. I first picked up a transducer for about $3 and experimented. I like it, sounded good then I saw this from Axl and I thought I'd try it. Installing it wasn't bad except I bought a set of drill bits I didn't need for $10. So I got it installed and plugged it in and from the start the sound was alright. I just wanted it for playing around at home so I didn't need real great sound quality. But sound was ok except it picks up every bang and knock especially my planet waves I think quick connect strap connector. My other complaint is I couldn't turn it up too loud without the feedback screeching. Overall product quality is good. Setup was ok. Price was good. Sound in my opinion needs some tweaking.
The fact that it is passive really kills it. I just could not get any sound out of it, I tried multiple placements. I finally just bought a guitar with a pickup in it. Not worth the money, or the extra hole in your guitar.
This is a hit-or-miss product.  For me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well.  It's not a total loss since I can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution I ended up with.  It was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on.
I've been using primarily Alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. I figured I'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.These were the first to go on, and they were a HUGE step down from what I had on. The strings I took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. They were twice as loud as these. When you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. They don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. The cons definitely outweigh the pros here.Pros:-Very flexible, string bends are easy-Easy on the fingersCons:-The most dull sound of any strings I've ever heard. Especially on the low end. They're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. The highs are very tinny. Almost sounds like a bad recording.-Your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. It's the weirdest thing. This is especially true for the G string. It's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. Anyways, it sucks. Grip is the last thing you want on your strings.Bottom line: Unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. I'll never buy again. This is the first time in my life I wanted to change brand new strings.
If you've never had a pedalboard before I'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly.  The pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is.  It's too big.  Patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this, I had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply.  Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own.
I bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isnt too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?
Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead.
not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it
bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. cheap to buy, but cheaply made.
The technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. Snark rotates to any position I want, but Intellitouch ends up being upside down. It works fine but it's inconvenient.
Bought this rosin to see how I would like it.  I have a very light hand on the bow, so I like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  This is not.  Since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error.
This does work as described.  It arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out.  The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone.  I have added foam to it and now it works well, but I suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place.
This pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. I would personally recommend the Electro-Harmonix Metal Muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price.
it is entry level but only records one channel even though it is misleading with multiple inputs and outputs. It works as a beginner tool but only that. mono only.
This was my first foray into home recording  and it comes with Audacityfor free.  Free is free, and you get what you pay for in terms of something that will not produce high qualty musical reproduction .  The interface is noisy, and it requred a lot of tweaking after the fact to get a reasonable sound without distorion and humms etc.  Sent it back after one day.
Im starting a podcast. I blindly lept to buy the blue yeti. I can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. Great for voice overs. In sound proof studios. The sound quality was good but it picked up WAY TO MUCH ROOM NOISE. The ability to select the 4 recording modes is great. If youll use it. I would not reccomend recording 2 people at once on this. However recording a choir or something would work. But I will never do that and neither will you. This microphone only has a usb port. Not XLR. So no hope of expanding. If you ever want to host a podcast with 2 people you need to throw this away and get a mixer and 2 new microphones.Or you can do what I did and get 2 Audio Technica ATR 2100's, 1 Behringer Xenyx 802 dual mic input Mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand.Now I can replace my mixer and keep my 2 mics, or replace the mics then the mixer and do all sorts of expansions and add ons as well as get quality audio for 2 hosts on my podcast.Do not get this yeti unless your doing youtube voiceovers by yourself forever
I normally tune to drop f on my 8 string, but even in standard, I just cant stand the strobe, and theres no other mode. I ordered a pitch black for $70. Im still waiting on the return for this.
I ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. However, the bag was ripped in 3 places. The stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. The most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. The locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. The holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. They looked like they might be relatively solid but I returned them anyway...bit disappointing.
Both of the stands had parts that had fallen out, or were missing all together. When the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects, this is a major concern. It may be that I got a bad box that got missed by quality control, but it does make me suspicious of Pyle products.
I bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes I record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... Ill use these sparingly...Jim
The picks work well with bass, but they are just too thick to use with ukulele. The pics also shed easily, making your instrument dusty in no time.
I guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when I put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. Sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. Granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but I simply can't recommend personally.
For any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. Direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.I didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred Amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.That being said, it is good for practice and song writing. Used this for more than a year and finally sold it! That's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out.
I bought an Ibanez Concert size uke.  The body is 2 inches wide (less than the 2.75 inches stated for this stand).  My uke does not fit well in the stand.  Why?  The twin forks at the base that hold the instrument are both too narrow, and the curve downward from the stand is not proper for this uke.  Thus, any uke that is concert size or greater.  So, most ukes don't fit well.  They fit, just not well.I did, and you will likely need this advice, remove the bottom fork, turn it upside down, and reinstall it (no tools required).  Now the "curve" of it is upward, and the uke better sits on it.  The fit is improved.  Not great but better.  One stand can't fit all instruments, but my full size guitar stands hold most all guitars.  This small stand does not hold most all ukes.Although its neat how it folds up, like the video here on Amazon reviews, it is very heavy for its size.  This is not a lightweight stand.  At all.  Surprisingly heavy, and not one that you will be lugging around day to day in your uke gig bag, trust me.I wish I got the Hercules standHercules GS402B Mini Stand. All Hercules stuff is superb, and my friend has one for his uke and says it's sublime (I don't own it, myself, so I just present this so you can research it and it's reviews on Amazon). I own other Herc stuff, and it's all ideal, and for a few bucks more, I could have had that lifelong-use stand instead of this one.  Oh, well, for once, I got cheap.  And got burned for it.All in all, not great, this tiny stand.  One stand fits NOT all.  Perhaps a violin or something would be better on this stand, but I think the general shape of it is less than ideal for most instruments.  You may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the Amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all.  It's just an imperfect design. My take on it, your mileage may vary.  Bye bye.
Let me first start off with the sizing. When they say "Fits Soundholes from 33.75" - 35"", they really mean it.You are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16" smaller than the specifications.I know I did. My friend's Oscar Schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. The edges did not "catch" completely  and it looks terrible.My classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. You could try cutting the edges off the Oport at the fretboard.The main issue is the sound.Yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.However, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.Fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.For me, that does not justify it.A simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.Another thing I found out was what was Amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.The packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. Does it matter? In practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.I guess that is how Amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies.
Perhaps it may do something of worth for you but if you have one of the finer made guitars this will probably do more to subtract than add to the sound. Be advised that I did not use it in front of a microphone where perhaps the shape of this internal plastic cone might do something you like in directing the sound to a mike. As strictly an issue of natural acoustics, I found it deflected sound in a way that seemed to decrease my guitar's output and resonance. I have an Aria AD-80 which is a very well-made Chinese attempt at cloning a Martin D-42. It can not compete with the real Martin but for the money I paid it was a great buy and it is known as a "sound canon" for it's great natural volume. Adding the O-Port deadened the lows. It just didn't provide any plus at all anywhere else. It is however pretty inexpensive so if you're a nut for nuance and you want to try it for yourself it's not going to break your bank. But again, if you have one of the better makes of guitar where a real person "voiced it" in his or her manufacturing process, this plastic gizmo will likely subtract from that and not add anything. I'm an acoustic nut and I'd love to have a sound port in the side of my guitar to hear everything that goes on inside that box. The O-port seemed to "corral" the sound and shoot it out that plastic horn not allowing me to hear some of the resonance of the sound bouncing back off the back and sides below the sound hole. Sorry to be a crab about it--I like Planet Waves stuff and they were very good to me personally in the "Humidipak" recall a few years back. But this product was a waste to me.
I thought it would protect my desk but the pad is almost like that rubber they put under rugs so they won't slip around. maybe i should get that for cheaper.I accidently bought LARGE, ooh boy is it; like, windshield sun reflector size. Sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose.
First time I tried to use it, it broke in my hand.  It is now taped together, while I wait for a different kind to replace it.
Tuner works great. Both by vibration and mic.Only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. Mine broke off... not even a year old.
Stopped working all by itself. Fresh battery didn't help.Fortunately, I've another, plus a Korg and an two Intellitouch. (I've 2 fiddles and 3 guitars)The Intellitouch is simply "champion!".
No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. There is no problem with my jack, and the phone is in pristine condition -- no problems until now. There is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. I registered my Amplitude app, and followed all of the instructions on the box. I tested the iRig with an iPhone 4 and was able to get it operating.I am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iPhone 4. But for my purposes with a 3Gs, it is a brick. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product.
This is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iPhone or iPad. But if you want to use it for any recording at all, even demos, I strongly recommend going for the iRigHD. The HD sounds waaaaaay better, and the build quality is great. This guy, not so much. There was always a bit of noise with my old iRig, and it seemed to get worse over time. It also felt kinda fragile and chinsy. If you look, you can usually find the HD somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. I upgraded and would absolutely do it again.
Bought this for a friend. Cheap plastic enclosure. Affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. He tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. Stay away from this one and get a better used pedal.
Could be a fluke, but my unit was defective straight out of the box.  Plugged it into the Macbook Pro, fired up GarageBand and right away it's MIDI connectivity was intermittent. Then it had some stuck notes.  Then it stopped being recognized at all.  It still got power from the USB bus, but no MIDI, no sound.  The jack was visibly wiggly, too.So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back.  Rather than bust it open and get soldering iron, I returned it and bought an M-Audio Oxygen 25 for $20 more.
With drum pads, I basically either get 0 velocity, or max.  And I have to really hammer on them to trigger.  Hurts after a while.Likes:+ Size+ Assignable knobs.+ Works good w/ Ableton LiveDislikes:- Drum pads!Keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.I'm looking to upgrade after a month.. Want better drum pads.  :-/
I honestly was not impressed. It looked Cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! Another Chinese copy of a tubescreamer,
I can't say much about this product.  I tried it twice.  It seemed like it kind of cleaned the strings, but I really didn't notice any great change.  The strings didn't sound betteer or brighter.  Now, it sits in my drawer and collects dust.  Maybe I will try it again at some point, but....
TC is very overrated.Many pedals I have out performs this in my opinion.  The vintage BBDs (MXR Vintage DElay, Morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  But for newer pedals I liked the MXR Carbon Copy and Ibanex DE 7 much better.
it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor.  I don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced.  It will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place.
I purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that I simply could not ignore.  It was brand new, unopened, in box.  They allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. In that environment I thought it a nice instrument.However, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was VERY busy and noisy.  It's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.This is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  It measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  I have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  The advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  It's tuned to ADGCEA rather than EADGBE.  One cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  Being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until I got it home and read the instructions.  So my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.Now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  It takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  So all is not lost there.  It was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because I didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that I impulse buy).So tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  That's where the Yamaha really falls short.  This is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  There were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  That this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.There are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).The action is of course too high.  That's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  But along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.However, the thing that bothers me the most:  if I wasn't aware this is a Yamaha Guitalele... I'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  There's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  This instrument sells for about $100.  That low cost is obvious.  This is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  I can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  The tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. The finish is-- unfinished.I bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on Amazon-- and I respect those reviews.  People have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  However I've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and I know the difference between quaint and cheap.  I own two Ovation guitars, a Peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an Epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. And no I'm not hawking Epiphone.  Facts is facts, that's all.  You can read my very-positive review on the Epiphone on Amazon).When I got this  home and took a good look at it, I found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  In truth the only positive thing I have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.Other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over Amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  The only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  Other than its portability, I find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).One must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  But low quality is low quality.(Edit two weeks later:  I just today saw the Cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  The Cordoba is MUCH nicer.  It's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  Sorry Yamaha, but facts is facts.  Had I seen the Cordoba and Yamaha side by side, I'd have bought and kept the Cordoba.)That's my honest review.  I know some will disagree.  But others know exactly what I mean.  This isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. However-- I paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  As mentioned, the Cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.Fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and I was able to return it.  I simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are.
I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work.  Even in perfect condition it's still a subpar case.  But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing.  As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed.  The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut.Disregarding those flaws it's still obvious that it's not a good case.  The hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag.  It also won't stand evenly on end (if that's important to you).On the positive side it's light, it does fit a Telecaster ok, and the inside is a decent plush lining with a small storage compartment.  But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better.  I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all.
I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Returned it.
It is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. I haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so I'm not sure what component has failed.
This is more of a toy than a good pickup. It functions but doesn't sound great. What did I want for this price anyway?
First we have to realize this is not a $200 pickup or even a $50 pickup.  It's less than ten bucks.It has a specially-designed clamp that is good for attaching it to the sound hole of a guitar.  As such it is not going to work for an instrument without a considerable-size sound hole.  It also will tend to get in the way of those who play directly over the sound hole, as it is quite easy to hit and will pick up any contact noise.It is more sensitive than cheaper competitor devices.  Unless you run it directly into the amp within a distance of 8 ft you are also going to need a 1/4" to 1/4" coupler (to allow it to connect to an extension guitar cord).  You will need such extension as this tends to have significant feedback issues if the amp is too close or facing the guitar.It is a passive pickup, so you will need either an amp with a passive-specific input or a preamp mixer or other preamp device. If you don't have a preamp system, this will do you no good.So because of the limitations I rate it as above.  For what it does though-- providing a passive pickup that can be quickly switched out between instruments, it does okay.  I believe there are better pickup concepts out there for about the same amount of money, including adhesive-disk mikes.  I would prefer to permanently mount a pickup of some kind and there are many low-cost pickups out there to choose from.  But this is a slightly different concept (removable) that for the price is worth checking in to.
I bought this to use on my Fender P-bass. It is not reliable for me, sometimes it works and sometimes it can't find the low note correctly. I'm still using my Roland stomp box tuner. Glad this was inexpensive, it was not worth the hassle to return, i gave it away.
There is almost no difference between this and the Snark SN-1, and by that I mean the design flaws. You have to constantly adjust the neck to get a reading, and they eat batteries like crazy. The Snark SN-8 is far superior.
This gadget works fine to connect an electric guitar to an iPad or iPhone or a computer, but the particular one I received has a defective input socket for a 1/4 inch audio plug.  It doesn't snap in place.  Just sits there waiting to let the plug slide out.  That makes it fairly useless.  I may have simply gotten a defective one.
I tried this in front, in the middle, and at the end of an effects chain, as well as by itself, plugged into the effects loop of my Mesa Boogie Mark V amplifier.  Whenever it is in the path, as soon as I engage my effects loop, the signal level drops considerably.  It did not matter whether the pedal was on or not.  The chorus effect is good, but I don't want my volume to drop every time I turn on my effects loop.  I have the loop balanced with all of the other pedals that I use, so I can't raise the send any more.
This cable was very affordable, but you get what you pay for. It sounded brilliant while it wasn't broken, for about the 4 hours of runtime. It works if it isn't abused at all, but if you abuse it in any way at all, your out an XLR cable. I do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage.
Well... its a stand..  its super cheap and i don't mean the price.  the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back.. i stuck some cardboard under the rear post to help keep that back brace more up right and no leaning back.  its going to work but i bumped the bottom with my bare feet and it cut me pretty well.  Instructions were ok..  came with more parts than what were required... all holes filled and i have  of of each part extra.. the guitars do not sit very well in this stand... i will use it until i can find a better one.. it will get replaced.. i really should send this POS back to Amazon.  the concept is great but the execution of it sucks. it folds down but not sure i would use this as a portable stand..  there are better options out there for something portable.  this stand is worth 10.00 tops... if i had it to do all over i would save my money.
This stand is ok for light home use. I would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel. Very cheaply made but does the job. Guitars do not rest naturally in a sweet spot. You must set a guitar down in the correct position or it will lay a bit sideways and jar other guitars on  the rack. Avoid if you can spend more.
I really like Epiphone products. They are well-made, easy to play guitars. I also purchased an Ep Les Paul Special 2 Ebony from Amazon a while back. But, I received this Uke defective. I expected when I plugged it in it would play through an amplifier but I couldn't here anything at all. Totally dead. There are no volume controls but it was like the volume was turned all the way down. I'm disappointed because I expect Gibson to test each guitar before it leaves the factory. I actually bought this guitar for a friend and was very embarrassed when I got over to his house and it didn't work in front of him. I just requested a return/exchange from Amazon. If the next one works ok I may buy a second one for me. I seem to have bad luck with electric-acoustic guitars when purchased through Amazon. I had to send back my Dean 12 string elec-acoust to Amazon too because of an intermittent sound problem.  I do want to state that this is a beautiful Uke with nice feeling nylon strings, fine wood high polished surface, high quality tuners and plays loud acoustically.  The actual guitar looks even BETTER in person than in the picture. If this Uke was working 100% I would have given it a 4 or 5.
It did not perform. Looks cool, but thats it. Very large and inconvenient. Would not recommend this because I would not recommend the blue yeti.
This is shown on an electric guitar and it would probably be great there. I play acoustic guitars and the headstocks all angle back it has to attach at the top then it is hard to see the screen. It worked but I don't use it anymore.
Compared to the SnarkSnark SN-1 Tunertuners, I really like the low profile / leave it on the instrument design of this tuner. The Snark goose neck is easily broken, and hard to keep safe in a gig bag. This works much better in that regard. This one is fairly bright and easy to see in all lighting conditions. It mounts very positively and seems to sense all strings fine.  Tuning accuracy? Hard to say- it just indicates high / low / on pitch, really. I prefer the more precise and wider scale +/1 readout of the Snark. They are much more precise- nearly good enough to intonate an instrument. But this is probably good enough for most, just to get dialed in at the rehearsal or gig.The negatives, and why I can't recommend it are as follows. The battery cover on mine fits very loosely. I worry the battery will fall out very easily. I may end up gluing it in place. It isn't immediately obvious where the battery goes or how to open it, and there's no indicator which way the battery goes in (+ is up I think).  The second fault is that once it is on your headstock the string note letters display perpendicular to the user- that's right, sideways.  On a bass, I don't really need it to tell me which string I'm plucking or tuning, but I still find myself craning my neck sideways to read it. It wouldn't be so hard to read either if the letters weren't so highly stylized, but then turn it on its side, and it is just unreadable - for me, anyhow. I just can't for the life of me work out why they designed it this way.
I bought this with the idea I was getting a pedal that would give me usable Marshall amp sounds. After trying for a couple of hours, I find that it won't do that. I guess my combination of guitar and amplifier wasn't meant to be used with this pedal. The guy who mentioned in the reviews about the sound getting thinner as you turn up the voice control, he was spot on about that (very annoying effect). Nothing but praise goes to the supplier ( KDM Distributors) . They did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country. But the pedal itself, not for me.
This isn't a terrible tuner, and for how cheap it was, it wasn't a "ripoff". However, it definetly does not work as the product or other people claim. When it does work, it tunes decently like any ten dollar tuner. However almost all of the time it's fluttering around to completely different notes or just not reading a single thing. I try clipping it on different parts of the instrument and it's the same. It also did not come with batteries, and replacement ones aren't cheap and are very hard to find. I don't think this is a terrible product due to the low price, but if you want to be taken seriously and take your own music seriously, get a real desktop tuner. A cheapo one is only 5 bucks more and you can find REAL, full sized, affordable batteries for it...
Tried this and was not happy. Seemed to want to be off too much. Got the Fender FT-004 instead. This one does have a great view on the LED, but if it doesn't tune right, what's the point? I would try the Fender. Just a note. if you want a great tuner try a pedal corded tuner. I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing. Just a thought.
I know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  The unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a RODE M1 mic or similar.I knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but I opened one, tried to use it and can't. It was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  I suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  Again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands.
Big disappointment. I've been so impressed by Epiphone's but this one didn't do it. Quality of manufacture and assembly great. Pickups far less than inspiring. Yes, it's a great platform but was so expecting those P90 sound. I may have received the one in a hundred lemons as so many have commented positively on it. Just didn't have the tone and bite I was expecting.I could certainly invest in some PUP's but I have too many great P90 guitars to bother. Roll of the dice I guess.
Installed these on my Schecter C-1 Hellraiser. I had very high hopes for these, but as with any new over-hyped technology, they failed to impress me. The only good thing I have to say is the tone is good. But realistically it is no where near a drastic difference to regular strings. You would barely be able to hear the difference in a side by side comparison. So now that I have wasted almost double the price on these it gets worse. They are not silky smooth feeling as advertised. If anything they feel worse than regular strings. Last but not least: they are bad for frets. Just like stainless strings; harder metal against nickel frets is going to wear them out real quick. I don't know about anyone else but I don't want to have my guitar re-fretted every 2 years.For the very miniscule difference in tone they are not worth the extra money or equipment wear and tear.
Not really bright enough. Both bright and lower light levels are exactly the same.  I would look for something else if I didn't already have this.  OK for reading a small book in bed, but doesn't cover the sheet music brightly enough.
I bought this brand because I have one of their mic stand mounts (for iPhone) which I like a lot.Pros:The clips did a good job holding my iPad Mini without having to remove the folio type cover (Marware Axis).Quality seems acceptable for the price, the ball swivel works well.Cons:It's too heavy for my mic stands.  I tried it on the boom arm and it made it top-heavy and unstable.  If the boom is positioned in a very upright position it's ok, but a boom pointed up defeats the purpose!The clamp which holds the base to the stand is big and cumbersome.I had high hopes for this one but it's not going to work for me.  I have returned it and ordered a different ChargerCity model, the one with the lever-type mount.
First time using item and it broke. The round back that screws onto the mic stand broke. I was really excited to have this and us it now that I transferred all my music sheet to my iPad. As soon as I took it off the mic stand the round piece came off. Would have rather contacted the seller than post a not so good review, but it only kept referring to delivery. I do like the product and it did hold my iPad steady even with a leather case on. Sad!
A very boring, dull, uninspiring Pedal. Don't waste your time with this. A Boss SD-1 or Digitech Bad Monkey are far better options for this price range.
I've owned more than one overdrive pedal in my 30 years of playing guitar and the only one I still have on my pedal board is the Boss Super Overdrive...Sweet Baby is well on the way of living up to that legend as well. I have nothing but high praise for this amazing pedal. It really does react to your playing style. Unlike other overdrive pedals I've used this one really gets smooth when you back off of your string attack and starts to growl the harder you dig in. As far as the pedal goes it is pretty much the same as a lot of them...instead of a tone knob they call it "focus", there is also a volume and drive knob. The sounds I can get out of the Sweet Baby are some of the best I've ever used and easy to dial in. I own a lot of pedals but lately I keep my chain setup real simple...the guitar goes into a EHX-Crying Tone wah pedal, then the Sweet Baby, then a Boss Super Overdrive (used as a lead solo gain boost... I don't use Distortion pedals.), next is an MXR Micro Chorus followed by an MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay. The whole chain goes into the 2nd channel of my Fender Deluxe Reverb amp. I use the foot switch that came with amp to turn on the tremolo when needed... I play mostly Blues and Classic Rock. The Sweet Baby is well made and I don't see it failing me anytime soon. You can spend hundreds more on name brand pedals but what works for me at the end of the day is alive and well in this "clone" overdrive tone blender...Update: this pedal has since been returned. It went out with me on a few gigs and didn't hold up to life on the road. The connections inside the box came loose and became a major problem before a few gigs...I have since put my Boss Super Overdrive back in the chain...while I truly loved the tone from this product in the end you get what you pay for.
The unit I received did not work. I returned it. I like the other joyo pedals I ordered so I am going to give this one another shot.
Although this is a very solid feeling pedal and the output and sustain knobs worked, the attack knob (the control for how much compression you want to apply) did absolutely nothing. I even checked it in my recording software by looking at the waveforms and there was no change at all regardless of the attack setting.Perhaps my pedal was a rare defective one, but none-the-less I returned the pedal back to Amazon and will search for another compression solution for my pedal board.
Can't hold tightly on 1st string (low C), a little buzz.
I dont know what all the hype is over this thing.  The idea is good and its cute.  Its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out.  How many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  Not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it.  Go buy a 20 watt Roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also.  Or any combo little amp.  It's for bedroom use only.  You have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire.  Being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you.  Just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot.
I have checked this amp out twice, once with an orange ppc112 and once with the 8&#34; version, with both a Strat and a Les Paul, and I am very disappointed in this amp.Now admittedly, with the high output buckers on the les paul the pre-amp breaks up nicely and the tone is really sweet with the gain on 5-7, however the bottom line is that there is simply not enough clean headroom in this amp to produce any worthwhile volume with clean or mild crunch tones.So, without any volume with clean tones this amp becomes a one trick pony and hence so very very disappointing...Bottom line: unless you want full on distortion 100% of the time, you are better off with a clean amp and distortion pedal than this gutless amp.... if you are committed to Orange (and boy do they make some stunning amps) go check out the dark terror...
When I originally went out to place this order, I was planning to order the  TC Electronics Singles VoiceTone C1 Vocal Effects Processor for its pitch correction function. As I looked over that device and some alternatives, I finally ordered the TC-Helicon Mic Mechanic because it had pitch correction and some other very nice effects. I ignored the reviewers who said the pitch correction function had no effect - how could TC Electronics put out the &#34;Mic Mechanic&#34; with a pitch correction function that didn't do anything? Well, those reviewers were right - the pitch correction function has NO EFFECT! Also, I couldn't see any effect between engaging/disengaging the tone button. I kept the Mic Mechanic because I like the other effects, but I'm very disappointed in the primary reason I bought it!
No manual.  You can print one off the internet but it should come with one given it's price.  I purchase such so I could lay down a rhythem track then go into the solo while attempting to play live.  Don't believe this is what it is mean't for.  A simple delay looper will suffice.  This can do a ton of cool stuff but did not suit my needs.
For the price I can hardly complain, but unfortunately the item was not the correct size for a Fender Strat replacement. Checked it Against my American Standard, MIM Strat and Squier and it would not fit any of them. Should have just used one of my dog's chew bones and cut it myself, would have been more accurate.
Soooo bummed. I simply love the sound on these cans, but the speakers are just too dang close to the surface (not deep enough in the cups) and press down hard on my ears. The max time I can wear them is like an hour, and then I can't wear them for a day or so due to residual pain. I guess if they used thicker pads to deepen the cups, that might help. Also, on most of my other phones, the speaker areas have fairly flat surfaces, while this one has the speakers jutting out of the cups and are covered by just one thin nylon sheet. So it's kind of like double trouble. However, these really do have great sound (especially the tight bass clarity). If it weren't for the discomfort factor, I would be using them all the time. As of now, I hardly use them at all. In fact, when I first tested these out, I was ready to hop on the computer and order a couple more. But I'm glad I waited to really give them a more prolonged test. Of course, we are all of varying shapes and sizes, ha ha, so they might work for you where they don't for me. If so, you've got a bargain on some great cans. If not, ouch. Cheers!
I love Tascam gear, and have used it for nearly 30 years. I was excited to try out this interface and see what it could do. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.While the construction and mechanical function of the device itself were good, the actual function with the computer left much to be desired. Also, the complete lack of a manual with the one I got made it very difficult understand the functions. (Sorry, but with a device this expensive and which includes 2 CDs of software, how hard would it be to include a full manual on the install CD?)There was a very small quick start guide included, which basically just named the various switches, inputs, and outputs, and gave extremely sparse directions about using the software mixer screen. I was forced into trial and error to see if I could get a serious recording in anything remotely resembling a multi-track mode. I could not. I could record and layer multiple tracks (I was using Audacity, didn't want to install Cubase), but I could not get playback from the previous tracks while I also had live input. Now this could have been my computer or Audacity, as it is an older Win XP machine, but it played back multiple tracks without problem.There was nothing in the mini-quickstart guide to address this, or even hint where one should look, other than going to Tascam's web site. I'm sorry, but that is just not good enough with a device this expensive. There should be a complete manual, at least in pdf, included with the product. If I am going to use this to do serious recording, the last thing I want to do is waste huge amounts of time digging information out of a website, or worse, from "user community" threads in some blog.Which brings me to another minor complaint - no Linux drivers included. I use mostly Linux, with only one Windows machine for software which I can't get on Linux. I wanted to try the software under Wine on Linux but was under time constraints.Then there are the generic problems with software interfaces replacing hardware. With a hardware mixer, I can access as many controls as my fingers can handle (3 or 4 on some mixers) at the same time. Computerized mixers can only do 1 thing at a time, and one must be constantly moving the cursor from one thing to another to access controls. The controls on  this interface were very fussy, and you have to position the cursor just exactly on a very small portion of a button to get it to react. I found it very tedious, and again, no actual instructions were included to help with that process. With a touch screen, it might be easier, but then why not just use buttons on a real mixer in that case? (Yeah, I know, touch screens are COOL.)Also, software based functions are always limited by your computer and OS, and that means everyone can have a different experience - consistency is much harder to maintain.I am old school, and find hardware mixers far more responsive and useful. I know that lots of people are all excited about having software versions of hardware in their computers, and saving space, etc., etc. I value function over fashion, however, and that is what I have always liked about Tascam gear: it was supremely functional. This software falls far short of what I expect from Tascam, and the lack of a manual for the interface is inexcusable.Good mixers, especially for multi-track recording, can be complex and difficult to learn. The layers of signal interconnection can be hard to understand at first, and takes some time to get comfortable with. Old Tascam manuals actually used to have a certain amount of instruction in multi-track recording, which was helpful to aspiring recording artists. Not so here.I had really hoped to give this 3 or 4 stars, but sadly, it only rates a 2 (2.5 if I could) for me. Come on, Tascam, you can do better than this.
The concept of this guitar stand is great, and I thought it would be perfect for my two Telecasters...That is until I get the stands in place and put the guitars in them. The stands have a very deep angle, and from what I could tell, the guitars were sitting about 40 to 45 degrees back.It just looks silly, like your guitars are trying to slip out of the stand, or are in a slow-motion fall backwards. It also ends up taking up WAY too much space, as the stand has to be set out from the wall or corner quite a bit for clearance purposes. I ended up returning these stands, but would definitely buy again if they produced a more upright version.
Cheap. The best way to describe this stand. It serves it's purpose but spend a few shekels more on a better guitar stand.
The TASCAM TH-2000 headphones are like putting a pair of studio monitors on your ears! They are great! Excellent bass response (not muddy at all), tight mids, and clear highs. To boot, they are extremely comfortable as well. The foam fits nicely around your ears, conforming to the contours of your face. They are adjustable, so if you have a huge head you can still wear these. The only drawback that I can see, and I don't really even consider this a negative, is the coiled cord. Some people may not like that. All in all these are great headphones - I have listened to all varieties of music with them, monitored recordings with them, etc... excellent! By the way, they also are pretty good at cancelling extraneous noise in the background, making the music come out clearer. Kudos to Tascam for making such good headphones!May 12, 2014 UPDATE ------These headphones quit working after just a few months of working properly. I have a couple pair of inexpensive behringers that have lasted through more abuse and are still working. What a disappointment!!!
The larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so I thought this might be the answer.  The answer is to treat your larger Snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  I have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  I'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  It is cheap though.  Still to me it was money out the window.
The tension screw adjustment remains the best of any capo I've ever used - and I've tried many over the years. But what was Ned smoking when he decided to have the trigger handle and main support stem, including the pick clip and tuner holder, protude outward away from the fingerboard? It's awkward to apply and remove quickly. It's visually distracting for player and audience, and it doesn't add any mechanical benefit to the already excellent tension adjustment.The only possible justification I can come up with is having less to obstruct the fretting hand behind the neck -  but even that doesn't fly. Regardless of capo tension you should position it as close to the fret as practical and, unless you're avoiding playing that first fret (or use a low-thumb classical fret hand position) you're always going to feel some part of the capo against the leading edge of your hand. I own the older Planet Waves tri-action capo and never felt that to be a problem.Otherwise the construction of the NS Artist Capo is superb. The surface is arched, probably between a 10-12 radius that works fine on various Strat fingerboards as well as a flatter SG/LP style. It doesn't work as well on the very flat 16 radius of my Martin OM-1 which is virtually the same as a classical. If I cranked the tension it's possible the rubber would flatten out but I wouldn't risk marring the neck wood.I tried both the pick and tuner clips and they're functional, but to be honest I wouldn't use either - too distracting and I only use tuners to get an initial A, then tune each guitar to itself or to other instruments, depending on what they are.The only other capo I've ever used that protudes outward is the Kyser with its notorious 'wrought iron fence' design. I have one and, as good as the holding action is, I've never felt comfortable with the design. The older Planet Waves capo is still available so it comes down to preference.To top off the confusion, the picture on the front of the cardboard card the NS Artist comes mounted on shows a similar capo positioned in a way that's impossible with this capo!
I am a fan of Planet Waves NS capos, but this new one is not very well designed. The way it sits on the guitar is sort of backwards. I find my left hand hitting the lever when I'm in open position. Frustrating. It does have a pick holder, which can be handy, and a place to put an NS tuner, which can also be handy. I just think it could have been better designed. I don't particularly care for this capo and will likely not use it for much stuff. I'll stick to my other NS Planet Waves capo or my old faithful Kyser.
I was looking forward to trying these, as I've loved this company's product since day one.But I think they've messed around with the gauge, slapped a meaningless &#34;HD&#34; tag on, and added a few bucks to the price. More profit in someone's pocket for marketing jargon.I have a smaller-bodied guitar, so these should have, by their claim, given me better balance, but imho, the opposite happened. The bottom dropped out, the top end stopped sizzling, and the middle strings totally took over when I strum with a pick.When I play with fingers it's better, but not worth spending more money on than the normal .012s I've been using (which I think I liked a lot better).It's possible that these work great on the Taylor guitars they were ostensibly designed for (color me skeptical), but I'd say if you're happy with what you have, you need not try these.Again, long-time user and big fan, but paying extra money for a slightly different gauge and a silly &#34;HD&#34; moniker... no thanks.