I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.
If you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward.
Works for practice ... it's a guitar instrument cable, what can I say ... maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose.
...unbalanced guitar cable is notoriously noisy especially around florescent lights. These are no different. I would prefer to use cables with better shielding but cannot justify the expense considering how rarely these things get used.
It's a cable, no frills, tangles pretty easy and due to it's design it might rattle a little when you move around but it works like it should
One end was loose, so I tightened it, it keeps coming loose so I had to put a dab of crazy glue on the threads, hope I don't ever have to open the end for repair.
It is a decent cable. It does its job, but it leaves much to be desired as far as structural integrity is concerned. The mating part of the connector jiggles back and forth. The switch is also loose. The connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed.'I would not recommend using this cable for critical applications. It would be more suited to home or hobby use.
Back in the 1980's I bought a can of deoxit(not the right name but can't remember it) which worked much better and cost much less. It was made for the military. The spray has 3 levels but the low is still way to high. It does work but the stuff I used to have was much better. I don't see much else out there so I may have to stick with it.It is just very wasteful for the cost. I have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. I would call it average.
I've got an old mesa boogie that has developed scratchy controls over the years.This stuff cleaned most of them out pretty well but my midrange pot is starting to crackle again.I hate to tear the chassis out again but it'd gotta happen
These cables are a little thin compared to hosa and GLS. They picked up a little interference from other equipment as well. Guessing they are lacking some shielding.
Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of Dano stomp boxes.  I probably own close to a dozen of from the various lines they make.  This pedal does a decent job covering your tremolo needs, but IMHO the tremolo from Dano's Cool Cat line is a much more durable pedal for only $4 more (at the time of this review).  The switches and knobs on this pedal are the weak link.  I don't think it's true bypass either.  The Cool Cat has a metal enclosure, true bypass, sturdier inputs and knobs, and a much better on/off switch.  The features and sound are the same.  Spend the extra $4 and you will have a much more bullet-proof pedal with the Cool Cat trem.
What's to say?  It's not a high end capo and for the price I can lose it ( like most of the other capos I have owned).  It's not a high quality capo and it does take a few adjustments to get it seated properly.
The description says the color is gold.  It's not.  More of a greenish yellow, but does what it is intended for.  I think I would stick with the black color though.
the string work well but did not give the mellow sound on my guitar that I was looking for. The shipping was quick and the strings were recieved in good order.
Doe's not stay on to well, moves to much even if you go for the pick lightly could be redeisigned.
After buying this product, I have concluded that $8.00 is a lot of money for foam! Does the job, but I think the velcro job would be preferable to this one.
This is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing.  My particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat.  There's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body.  Neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me.  Maybe I got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models?  My guitar also has a weird V shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - I'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together.  I know that the better Les Paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since I didn't read about this one having something different, I assumed it would be the same.  Glue is stronger than wood and Les Paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so I guess my guitar should be more durable than some. Still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery.  I'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.My remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all Les Paul guitars versus my particular instrument.  The guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting.  The top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a Les Paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars.  It's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; Les Paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup.  The range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and I found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated .09 strings without additional hardware.The guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars.  Note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of Les Paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar.  Though this is a fine guitar for the price, I'm not sure that I would make the same choice if I were in the same position again.
Good overall but pick ups are terrible - Might be better replacing the pickups but I wasn't willing to spend the extra money
I got this pretty fast. I took it out of the box and wanted nothing more than to give it 5 stars just for value alone. I'm still shaking my head in disbelief that I got this guitar for the price. First, the 'tuner' issues that I've been reading about. Replace the strings! I stretched and stretched these things and they would not stay in tune. A set of D'Addario 10's cured that straight away (or whatever you prefer just change them). The tuners aren't the best but they are not to blame, it's the cheap strings. Now, technically if you only play open chords this was playable out of the box. The neck angle was so off the A string rattled no matter how high I set the bridge. The guitar would not intonate due to the ridiculous angle. Yes I could have sent it back but I suspect I would have gotten another just like it. I had to spend about 6 hours shimming the neck AND the nut (Never had to do this to the nut on an electric, not even on a used guitar. The nut slot was cut too deep), as well as working on leveling nearly every fret to make it playable. It required 3 business cards to shim the neck which is the most I've ever had to use. After I got that straight I removed a bit of paint from the neck and set it with wood glue in the pocket and on all the screws. In my opinion this helps a great deal with these and all bolt ons for that matter.If I bought this used none of this would have been a big deal. But as I'm looking at this horrid neck angle and doing all this work I'm steadily staring at the 'QC passed' sticker. Must have been built on a Friday afternoon or something.--- NOW--after I did this it is sweet!!. I play through a Peavey Valveking 100 and it rocks as good as my Strat w/  Duncans and Dimarzios. The quality of the electronics is not sub par at all. After adjusting the pickups screws to match the string height and getting all the horrible wax off them,  I'd argue that this is as good as any Epi I've ever played as far as pups and all, so don't hesitate there because I don't really care for Epis and I'm in love with it. (I bought this to sell mainly, but now????)  The build quality; hmm, if you can do guitar work go for it. Otherwise I'd highly recommend a more expensive model. The $299 models are great right out of the box usually.
I got one of these a while back and being like I am with guitars took it apart to see just what it's made of.Mahogany ply maybe or capped with real, but it's plywood body inside.Kinda shocked in competitive guitar market that epi would go there...Otherwise decent build, basic original lp design bolt on, surprisingly good electronics w/ full size pots and open back 3 way toggle, good neck but bad tuners.... Note: any 45% mount tuners, meaning mount hole at 8 and 4 o'clock position respectively... Will fit with the bottom hole of the 2 screw junk tuners mine had.  So add 10$ to get more than 30 minute in tune play here.And you can fill the other little holes with nail polish like it was made right to begin with.I like the style, and though there's plywood involved still good fit and finish, though many disagree it makes no real difference what electric guitar body woods are, only in looks.  Electric guitars don't resonate, that's why pickups are important.I don't like the idea of this as beginners choice for the simple fact of cheap tuning keys.You lose interest learning on something that can't hold good tuning.  So that bugs me that big player choice like epi would do that.It's likely they'll keep this style but revise it some... to be hardwood body and real tuners as I  think the price point demands it.  Otherwise a decent piece good wiring, decent pickups... But...
Update: The right angle switched end started developing crackling issues and is now intermittently cutting out. I've had it just over a month, so Amazon won't help me. Despite the lifetime warranty, Amazon has only offered to let me pay shipping and to give me a partial refund. Despite being an "authorized retailer" for Planet Waves, AMAZON DOES NOT OFFER EXCHANGE UNDER THE PLANET WAVES WARRANTY beyond the standard Amazon 30 day return policy. Amazon support referred me to the manufacturer. I've emailed Planet Waves, but the instructions for the warranty are to return it to a dealer for exchange. I don't have a dealer within 100 miles of my home, so unless the manufacturer comes through, this one is quickly becoming unusable and it looks like it might cost me to resolve it.I frequently switch instruments and this makes it easy to do quietly. I've used cables with the G&H; quiet plug (which also works well), but the switched connector on this has an advantage over the G&H-; you can use it as a mute and tune with a head stock tuner without unplugging your instrument. The cable itself is a bit stiffer than I'm used to, which makes coiling for storage very easy, but it can quickly become a twisted mess on stage if you more length than you really need. The little elastic cord keeper strap works better than I could ever have imagined. I've never given the sound of a cable a thought, being a bass player who doesn't use much for effects and who plays mostly passive instruments. But using this with my Genz Benz Shuttlemax 9.2 and fEARful 15/6/1 cab, I really notice a pronounced difference in clarity and dynamics. The sound is much more alive with this over any of the other cables I have from a variety of manufacturers (Hosa, Proco, Whirlwind, etc). I've never had to warranty exchange a PW cable, but others tout the easy swap at any PW dealer as a great reason to buy them. I like knowing that. ** EDIT: AS STATED ABOVE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO EXCHANGE IT THROUGH AMAZON BEYOND 30 DAYS **
A long time Planet Waves user I trusted that the circuit breaker cable would be up to their usual high standards... IMHO it is not.The plugs are great but do not seem to have good cable grip. I like their old cables that had a long cable protector extending from the plug allowing the cable to flow gracefully from the guitar (and into the amp at the other end). The actual cable is horrible.... it is a hard plastic outer shell and does not lie or flex well like a good cable should (e.g. like my old Planet Waves cables do). They claim that the shielding is excellent but I find it to be mediocre. Very disappointing purchase.
This pedal has been around for a long time, and though the overall quality has declined as Boss has cut corners to enable lower priced mass production of their pedals, the boss ds-1 remains the staple image of distortion stompbox's. The ds-1 is a no-frills tank of a pedal; it was designed to withstand a direct nuclear blast as well as Michael Moore stepping on it, so you know it can take any amount of punishment you might care to give it.This pedal doesn't replicate any type of amplifier-it's not a "Marshall-in-a-box, or a mesa boogie, or a vox, or a Fender; from a tonal aspect it isn't complex or dynamic. It will add plenty of grind to your tone, and plenty of hum to go with it. If you're looking for your first distortion pedal to use with your 15-watt practice amp, look no further. If you have a decent tube amp, look elsewhere, because with this pedal, you get what you pay for, and it simply will not do a quality amp justice.Pros: Inexpensive, good build quality, distorts your signal.Cons: Lots of hum, the tone control gets really shrill really fast.Without the excessive hum and almost-unusable tone control, this would get 4 stars.
... it's a very generic-sounding distortion and is not really useful for much beyond a lead boost into an already distorted amp.  The same is true of many of the pedals from this era, including the (gasp!) Tube Screamer.  The Tube Screamer is a great lead boost into an already distorted amp, but not too many people will tell you that it's a great stand-alone distortion because it's not.  Same goes for the Boss DS-1.  Now, here's where things get interesting:  There are PLENTY of modifications that can be done to this pedal by Keely, Monte Allums, and others, that turn this otherwise mediocre pedal into a raging beast, dripping with tone and gain that sings for weeks.  For the cost of this pedal, and the $30 or so that it costs to get the materials for a mod, are well worth it.  Mine is modified with the Monte Allums Tri-Gain Rectifier modification and it's absolutely killer.  I use it as a lead boost, but by itself it's a nice overdriven tone that you'll find plenty of use for.  If you want a basic, solid, well-built distortion pedal, this is it - but by itself the Boss DS-1 is really nothing special.  But as a platform for great-sounding mods, you can't go wrong.
It's a good OD, but I thought it would be higher output, and more articulate. Just personal preference. I mean, the Pedal is a Classic for a reason.
Bought it for using Danelectro mini amp, so I don't need to worry about the battery.  It works perfectly as an adaptor should be, & you won't have any surprise by its performance. :)  two stars out because of comparing the price with the mini amp (less than $20), the adaptor is pricy ($8.50), but it still saves me $$ for the long runs.
The problem with this pedal is that you have to step all the way down on it to turn it on, which produces a sound.  The Morley pedals have a separate on/off switch, so you can turn them on or off at a given position.  The difference is the sound is just a bit more professional if the wah isn't always turning on or off at the top of the wah frequency.  Suppose you wanted to set the wah in the middle, and just leave it there.  You can't really do that with this pedal.  It is a bit smaller than a morley wah, but in my experience, the sound is equivalent on the base models.
"Oh its a crybaby", "I have a crybaby wah", "You suck because you don't own a crybaby"...I'm tired of hearing these statements from guitarists that are so fresh they couldn't even tell you how many strings their instrument has!  This wah pedal just doesn't cut it.  Maybe at one time, but not today, it hasn't been up to par in a LONG time.  As a young player I insisted on having a wah pedal.  My mom bought me this one.  I thought it was awesome until I learned better.  It took me about a week to learn how to turn it on and when I finally did I thought I broke it!The eq on this pedal isn't good, there is no smooth transition from heel to toe.  There is a big drop in the freq. that kills the effect.  You have to pump your foot really fast to avoid having that drop.  You have to pretty much push it toe foward and then literally stomp on it to turn it on and then follow the same steps to turn it off.  Very inconvenient for someone who is trying to rapidly move between effects on a board.  I can't say its just a complete piece of junk, it does give you a wah effect, it is a classic pedal but THERE IS BETTER out now so why are we still stuck in the stone age with this thing?  I even had someone mod mine and while it gave it a little more headroom and fixed the dropping issue, I still had to slam on it to turn it on/off and it still sounded like a cheap wah.My suggestion?  The Mark Tremonti wah is great!  Kicks this things end when it comes to range and simplicity to use!  It may cost more, but you will probably end up hating the crybaby and getting one anyway, so just go with the Tremonti Power Wah to begin with.  What I use for wah is the Digitech RP250 processor.  You may say that this is a cheap processor, and it is, but I've been using it for years and I haven't seen anyone that can tell the price of it based on the sound quality and thats what matters.  Why I suggest it for wah is you can control the sensitivity, how hard you have to press your toe down to turn it on (I have mine set fairly light) and you can totally shape your tone right there on the board very easily.  You even have presets (crybaby being one of them)  You can get an entire processor full of effects AND an awesome wah for a little bit more.If you want a cheap child's gimic-type toy, this is for you.  Want to get serious about a wah?  Spit on every crybaby you see and go elsewhere.
It sounds good but it adds soooo much noise to my pedal board. If that's not a problem, definitely worth the price.
I acknowledge that this is a minority opinion - perhaps I just had bad luck with my unit and the attempts to repair it afterwards.  But while I loved the sound and functionality of this wah-wah pedal, it would literally last me a few months at a time before it became unusable.  I suspected that the potentiameter was shot, so I had that replaced, but the same problems reoccurred.  Like a horrible static noise as soon as started using it.Good product, but hopefully they make them more durable than the particular unit I had.
Although this capo is marked as correct for a mandolin, it only works correctly above the 3rd or 4th fret on my mandolin. Any lower on the fretboard than that and this capo doesn't have enough pressure to work on the 1st or 2nd fret position on my mandolin, even though my mandolin has a fairly low action.I have a number of Kyser capos and very much like the style (I own at least six Kyser guitar capos and use them on all of my guitars from a Taylor 12-String to a Fender American Strat without any problems), but in this case the banjo capo didn't work for what I need. Perhaps the capo sent to me was defective, although I have enough decades of experience with stringed instruments to know that it didn't seem broken, just not up to the task.From feedback others have sent to me it is possible this capo may work for you if you wish to take a chance on it, but I know that I don't have time while on stage to take 20 seconds to set a fussy capo 'just right' to make sure it is holding just right and then hope it doesn't start to buzz on me in the middle of a song. I went with another brand after talking to some bluegrass guys who had better luck with another style of mandolin capo.
The very first thing I noticed about the design is how far from the guitar's surface the strap is actually connected.  What this tells me is there is considerable added stress to the screw and the wood surrounding it because of the added leverage to the guitar's weight.  The &#34;fulcrum&#34; is the surface of the wood, if this makes sense, and I can't help but wonder if it could eventually (eventually over much time and use) cause cracks or splits as a result.I found someone selling only the Dunlop strap buttons, which is a great idea for someone with 2 main straps and several guitars, and was about to order them when I found Planet Waves Elliptical End Pins.  I think this is the best idea yet for keeping a guitar on a strap, unless you're going to be spinning the guitar around your shoulders, and no additional stress on the guitar's body.  I've ordered a set.
I agree with another reviewer that the included screws strip much too easy.  I purchased a set of these strap locks years ago, and I dont recall having this issue, so I'm thinking that Dunlop changed the screws at some point.  I was luckily able to get the screws in with some muscle, and the locks are secure.  However, due to this issue, I'm considering other alternatives for another guitar of mine that could use strap locks.  I hope Dunlop fixes this issue soon.
Work very well, nice low profile, easy push button on and off but, it is true, not good for thick straps. And the Gold Tone ones discolor easy with minimal use.
The Dunlop strap locks work pretty well, but the standard hole cut in a standard leather strap is not big enough to accomidate the locking buttons.  The strap has to be modified by increasing the size of the holes.  This for all intents and purposes means that you will not be able to use that strap with standard strap buttons ever again.They do work as advertised and they are easy to take on and off for strap adjustment when required.
Great guitar companies don't always make (or sell under their aegis) the best strings. I love my Teles but I can't stand Fender strings. Likewise, I love my Martin ukulele, but trying these strings for the second time, I had the same conclusion as I did the first; Aquila's are far better. Aquila's have a more organic feel and a fuller, richer sound. The Martins begin to hold their tune sooner - Aquila's take a couple of days or more - but the sound is thinner and the feel isn't nearly as friendly. The approximately 3 dollar price difference is not, for me, worth the lesser satisfaction, even on my least expensive ukes. Considering how seldom one usually changes uke strings, the higher-priced Aquila's still seem to be worth the extra couple of bucks. Use the Martin's (or any cheaper string) when you are working on your uke, put the stress of repeatedly de-tuning and re-tuning on them. Then switch to Aquila's for playing. Some may like the Martins but few won't love the Aquila's.
This is a decent pop filter. It gets the job done but it has a few flaws. It attracts a good amount of dust, the screen tends to mess up (which caused me to tear the first screen), & the goose neck tends to unwrap it's self out of place. It also gets shakey so I tend to have to screw it back in. Other than that, it's a decent pop filter but not for the price. Under $10 would've been better. I should have went with something cheaper than $20 *cough cough* the Auphonix pop filter *cough cough* but, I will in the future.
does not stay in place well.
This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. Their is minimal padding, so it is little more than a dust cover. I tossed it aside, and bought a Fender gigbag. The Fender is heavily padded, and gives me some serious protection.
We all have different tastes in guitar picks, I know,  As I wrote elsewhere, the Dunlop Tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion.  These Ultex are much better.  Not as noisy, better feel.  Still not my favorites.  I'll have them with me for spares.
This is not a bad product, just not great.  As soon as I received it, I installed it on my custom made Grit Laskin Guitar, and played with it for over two hours.  Installation was fast, and only took a couple of minutes.  My problems with it are 3 fold:  #1.  Sounds just a bit "tinny" = too much on the high end, and not an equal amount of bass.  #2.  A small complaint is that you have to dismantle the entire installation just to change the batteries, and I couldn't get mine to work in "passive" mode.  #3.  And the biggest complaint, is that the volume control is difficult to get to when you're performing on stage.  You have to stick your finger in the hole on the top side of the strings and fumble around trying to change the volume which is very sensitive so all of sudden you can be too loud or too soft.  Like I said, it is not a bad product, just not top notch, and definitely not for professionals.  If you're just fooling around at home, or recording at home, it is fine, and will do the job for you.  BUT!!!  If you're a pro, you'll want to spend double the money and get an L. R. Baggs M-80.  The M-80 gives you the truest sound (unbelievable), works in passive mode, and is very easy to change the volume control.  Sincerely, Doc
I'm using them to angle my speakers up in addition to isolating them from the desk surface. Unfortunately, these angle the speakers down by default, so I had to do some cutting and rearranging, but it worked out. If you need to cut these to fit your speakers, try to find something better than scissors, because it's quite hard to cut the foam evenly with them.
Martin makes a variety of good sounding strings, and these are toward the light end.  The sound is bright, but lacks a fullness found with some of the heavier strings such asMartin MSP4150 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light-Medium.The custom light are easier to play and have a bright tone to them, but can make a guitar sound like a cheaper model compared to the Light-Medium. Some disadvantages to the thinner strings are that they can limit your dynamics. If you strum harder, they are more stretchy and the tuning will be less consistent, changing the tone for the same reason a "bend" would. If you play at a fairly consistent sound level you can expect more of a bright sound than a resonant one.On the other hand, compared to some other brands with more of a dampened sound, the brightness can make an instrument sound quite good.Depending on your style, these might be a good choice. If you are used to playing a solid body electric with a lighter feel to the strings that make medium strings uncomfortable, these might seem more at home.  If you are used to Martin medium strings, but want something that you can play for a few extra hours a day without feeling as if you are overdoing things, you might like these too, but when you pick up a guitar with the Martin Medium strings, you may find that even a cheaper guitar sounds better in comparison to these on a more upscale one.I wouldn't say I dislike these, and I wouldn't quite say that those who gave it five stars oversold them, because they may deserve five stars for your particular needs. But as an all around choice, there are better sounding ones from Martin. But it's a moot point if you don't feel comfortable playing them. Make sure to read a variety of reviews before deciding because there are other equally valid viewpoints just as each player is unique.
Brand name, good string, good tone, seem to last awhile but I change strings often so never really know how long a set will last.
These just don't have the right feel and the sound isn't that great compared to other materials.The quality control is so so. The picks aren't cleanly cut out they are injection molded and as a result they are left with a thin trim all around them.I'll stick with Dunlop Gator Grip .96mm or PRS 1.0 picks. For more flexibility or acoustic, I prefer Fender Medium Celluloid picks.
Pretty flexible due to the 0.60mm thickness, I would recommend the Dunlop Max Grip picks over these picks.  The Max Grips have a much better grip.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
Since they were named &#34;Gator Grip&#34; I expected them to have a good gripping surface.  That was not the case.  The entire material and holding surface is the same material.  Also they weren't as large as I expected.  They are still usable as decent picks.
I started doing a lot of fingerstyle guitar playing, and it seems to have made my fingertips slick.  So I have a hard time holding on to picks (when I use them) on upstrokes.  I'm sure I could improve my technique and fix the problem, but it's more fun to blame the pick!  These picks were no different from picks without the &#34;gator grip&#34; IMHO.  But Gorilla Snot worked beautifully.
First, I love these picks and used them exclusively for years.  I have dozens of them, they never wear out.  I used to use them when playing in a loud rock band, and never had any issues.  They are very comfortable, and easy to control.Now the bad: the sound.  Not the sound of the plucked not itself, but the hard plastic of the pick against the string makes a very noticeable "plinking" sound that is audible through your amp.  If all you're playing is loud music, this may not be an issue.  But I essentially stopped using them when I started playing in a different band with more dynamics, because during quieter passages the plinking sound of the pick on the strings is VERY noticeable to me.So, too bad.  I think these are great picks, but I'd like them to be made of a softer material.
So, these picks are really nice, but the picture is not what you will get.  These picks are translucent purple.  Other than the strange color, they are good picks.  They really do help with speed and accuracy.  Great for mandolin playing.Updated: Amazon has changed the image for this item, so now the picture really does show what you will get.
I dont know why they are called big stubby. They are on the small side.  Way to thick for me.  They do sound good though and will last a long time.  I feel like I am playing with a nickle. I like the indentation. Helps the grip a lot. I should have paid more attention to the size and thickness. Still looking for the right picks for me.  If these were slimmer and a bit larger I would buy again.
Looking for picks for bass , this one did not work for me, it is thick and hard, good attack.but only thumb picks work, so i can use my fingers too.
The thing about picks or plectrums if you prefer is that they are really a matter of preference and once you pick one (no pun intended) you should try to stick to it and get used to it through practice.  I've used many different types of picks over the years and I've not found the ideal one for me until recently when I decided to use a SilverPick which is basically a standard triangle thin design but made of silver which I find fits my needs the best and so far it's just a case of getting used to it.  This particular Dunlop pick is as described being fat, stubby and sturdy with a nice grippable centre and if you are the kind of lead guitarist who uses a lot of pinch harmonics this pick will be good for you as the maximum grip and most comfortable holding position exposes very little of the pick face.  The hardness will make it good for fast playing but the thickness also makes it difficult to get a firm grip too and the very small size makes it easy to lose your grip if you hit the strings too hard.  This makes it unfit for bass players and for strumming although you could get used to this for lead guitar playing.  For me though, I'll keep this among my collection of picks for use but it's not my default or preferred choice for play.
The right pick is a personal preference. Nothing wrong with Dunlop Stubby Pick, but it's not for me. I bought a pack of 2.0mm  picks last year and loved them but left them in Florida when I went north. I forgot the name of my favorite pick and bought these by mistake.
They work good.  Way to stiff and small for me though.  Great attack but holding onto it is the problem.  The slick finish makes it kinda hard to hold onto and the small amount of pick that shows makes strumming difficult without hitting your finger on the strings.  I imagine it would work great for lead players but I'm a rhythm player.
They are half the size of a regular pick.  Bit too thick for me.  Sound nice. Will last forever. Wish I had sized them before I bought them.
I bought these and used them for a week before giving my review.If Amazon used half-stars, I would have given them 3.5/5. I just couldn't bring myself to give them a 4/5 so I went with 3/5, here's why:I've used standard medium picks for over 20 years. Switching to these was not a problem at all. Sure, they are smaller but not small enough to cause me any problems. By far the biggest change was the &#34;pointy-ness&#34; of the picks. The distinct point on the pick drastically changes the sound of your playing, especially when playing chords. Everything is much more pronounced, which isn't necessarily a good thing in my opinion. It's especially bad when playing clean electric (picking notes or strumming).If someone was to ask me if these are good picks, my answer would be &#34;it depends.&#34; It really does, in my opinion, it depends on what you're playing. From a rhythm standpoint, I don't like these at all - they take the warmth out of the chords because the point of the pick makes strummed chords sound too sterile to me. For lead work they are OK because you can really dig into each note and have it come through.Could I play faster with them? No. Could I pull off amazing licks that I couldn't do with my normal picks? No.I tried them, but didn't like them. Maybe if you typically play a TON of lead work, constantly, these would be the way to go. I don't, and they aren't for me. I'm glad I tried them, though, because I'll never wonder again if they were for me.
I've used these for more than two years but recently shifted to its big brother, the jazz 3 XL. Same thickness and feel /tone, but in a larger form factor. I would definitely recommend the XL version if rhythm+lead work is required. For strictly solo work with easy to achieve pinch harmonics, this one is better.
I bought some of these a few years ago just to try them out.  The "gel" in the name sounded intriguing.  These are OK, the colors are bright, but otherwise they're just standard plastic picks, which on an electric I prefer nylon because it's less "clicky" on the strings.  These are fine, and if I pull one out of my gig bag I'll use it, but overall there are other styles of pick that I'd buy before buying these again.  Nothing wrong with them, but they're just normal plastic picks, nothing special other than maybe the brightness of the colors.
I like Fender Mediums, always have, but, I gotta branch out man.  Not sure about these picks yet.  The feel a little more stiff my usual.  I want them to last longer.  What happened to the days when you carried the same pick around in your pocket for months and played it until it was round?
I recently ordered a wide variety of picks to find the ones I liked best. These sounded different "gel" picks. I do not like them. Being see through distracts me. They are a little scratchy on the edges. Perhaps a more experienced guitar player would do fine with them but being at the stage where I am still looking at what I am doing - I just can't use them well.
I actually forgot that I bought the heavy and medium versions of this pick.  It's not a bad pick, I will continue to use them but I wish they had a softer center, or softer coating where you grip the pick to prevent it from turning or falling out of my fingers.
If you can't find a container and add your own sponge, then buy this.Keeping a valuable guitar humidified is essential.I think this item should cost three bucks at most, and $1.50 would still yield a healthy profit!I made some more from stuff from the dollar which I think are better.I use this one for my baritone uke, and the bigger ones I made I use in my dreadnaughts.If you make your own, just make sure to not let the sponge drip, ie, wring it out, and make sure it does not actually touch any bare wood.
It's nothing special.  No frills, just a simple concept that works.  It's important to maintain humidity in your instrument, especially in a dry climate like west Texas.  The evaporation rate will depend on the amount of humidity in the air where you store your instrument.So, when you first start using it, you have to be diligent to check the sponge regularly to ensure that it is still moist.
I have an electronic indoor/outdoor thermometer that shows relative humidity and a whole house humidifier.It is interesting to see just how quickly relative humidity changes inside and outside with that electronic thermometer.The whole house humidifier pumps out about 3 gallons of water a day into a 1500 sq ft house during the fall and winter keeping the indoor humidity around 47%.This makes the house feel warmer and makes my breathing easier. Makes the whole house safer for the Martins.Now you can use a little in the case humidifier like this to help with humidity, but I think you really need a whole house solution and a monitor system.A sponge in a zip lock bag with a few holes works well too. Just don't get water on the wood.And don't forget to take the silica gel packs out of the little accessory compartment in the case. Many guitars come shipped with these and their job is to remove humidity from the case.All the better acoustic guitar shops I go to have a big humidifier running in their showrooms.
I wish it was a little longer lasting but it does do the trick. My guitar would probably not be happy without it.
A simple system for gettting humidity into the guitar; The price is just right and it is very simple to use.
We all know it's just a container with a sponge in it, no biggie. I bought it to get Super Saver shipping on something else and because I plan to keep an all-solid acoustic guitar at a weekend place where it will sit unused for long periods of time. Jamming it between the guitar strings and getting it hooked onto them feels a bit rough on the strings. But it should do the job.
I got this product to clean and condition my guitar fretboards (well duh!)  Does it work?  Yes and no.  First it did not appear that anything was coming out.  After a bit of rubbing I did notice a &#34;slight&#34; bit of solution (turns out its mineral oil)on the fretboard by the frets.  I tried to spread it out with the included cloth and discovered that the cloth was useless (a paper towel would hold up better- seriously!)  I used an old tee shirt square and spread some of the oil around- but honestly it took me 10 to 15 mins and I noticed NO difference in the appearence or the playability of the guitar.  It says to use it before and after each session- thats about 30 mins of my time per guitar (I general play 2 guitars durning the course of a session).  I do still use this occasionally, but I would not spend money to purchase it again.  Just not what I was looking for in a fret board cleaner.
I used this on a 5string bass. I liked how this helps me slide around the fretboard easier. My friend tried it on her acoustic guitar and hated it.Her reason for her opinion is simple. This stuff puts out a LOT more oil (or whatever it is) than you would think. This has the unintended consequence of the oil making your hard-earned callouses soft...which when playing guitar can lead to bleeding fingers pretty fast (and did for my friend).To apply this you simply hold the handle and press down while running it along each string, one string at a time. I highly suggest you only use one slide down each string. At first it may not look like anything is getting on your strings, but give it a few minutes and you will start to see the excess oil appear and start pooling under the strings on your fretboard. That's ok. You will need to wipe away the excess, and I'm telling you, if you accidentally get too much, that excess oil may not come off easily (didn't for me at least). Mine left little pools of oil between the frets, and I only used one swipe and thought I had just a little on there. Naturally, this product also makes your fingers very oily feeling. My friend hated that part too, and I agree with her. Soft callouses = no callouses. This is a good product idea, and I like it in theory, and with my thick bass strings I didn't have the severe problem w soft fingertips that she did. Just be aware of the possibility of that being a problem for you.It does what it says, but you may not like what else it does or how it feels on your fingers.
This works, and I really like Evans. But I got 2 of these and they both looked different and looked cheap. Although I have been using it for awhile now with hard use and it is holding up great and saving my kick drum head from abuse.
Cheaply made and thin leather leave a lot to be desired. At least it's long enough for even the lowest slung of guitar postures. This should accomadate a bass as well due to the extra length.I am comparing it to $10 guitar center straps which have double leather ends which are much sturdier than the ones on this Ernie Ball strap, which are thin and single ply. I wouldn't trust this strap without a strap lock.
Nothing special. Just like every other strap of its kind. I compared it to other poly straps I have and it's OK. No better and no worse. Price was good. It took a long time to come. Leather ends seem OK. I mention that because it appears to be the main complaint..I'm using it as a spare so it should be OK. I'm a little disappointed. I'm used to a higher quality from EB products. It is very adjustable and should be able to be used by nearly everyone. I don't perform a lot of antics on stage, it's just me and the axe. I don't expect any problems. Hope this helps. Small &#34;thumbs up&#34; to Amazon.
the hole at the end where you hook it up gets worn out easily .. just try and leave it on always..its cheap but it wont fail, wont drop your guitar, if you're careful.
The previous reviews are pretty accurate, though I would add that when the Pignose cabinet is closed, it can often sound rather boxy. It sounded much clearer and cleaner when it was opened a couple of inches.As for using pedals with it, it will take distortion to a degree. It reaches a point, if pushed too hard, at which the definition of the distortion will begin turning mushy and shrill. You can use a distortion + overdrive to decent effect, especially if you are running a cleaner sounding OD like a Tube Screamer. I don't think it would do so well with a Bad Monkey, for example, though, which has more dirt in the tones it produces. I don't have a fuzz box (not yet, but have one on order), but I think most fuzzes will sound like crap unless you use a relatively cleaner, sweeter one like the Red Witch Fuzz God or the Seymour Duncan Tweak Fuzz. Otherwise, you will hear too much ground asphalt in the sound.My wah wah, a Morley Power Wah, was almost useless with it. The limited frequency response of the 5" speaker made it sound overly throaty on cleans and when I put the boost in the shrillness would show itself again.A chorus pedal sounds totally sweet on it, but a phaser, in my case, a Phase 90, just destroys the sound. A flanger is also not really advisable. You can use delay, just not with very rapid repeats. Putting a compressor in front of your clean signal would probably make it more manageable for the Pignose' speaker. I just bought a Dynacomp, but haven't tried it on the piggy.This is a good cheap first amp to buy for a youngster who is just beginning their journey on guitar and for practice when you are on the road on vacation or business. Once the young 'un seems dedicated, though, it is time to think about moving up to a VOX AC15C1 (note: that amp can do hard rock fine, but not high gain metal) or an ENGL Screamer. I personally can't imagine recording with it, but Y guess that would depend on the engineering skills available to you.
it's ok but a little cheaper quality than I expected.  I would recommend going a little higher price.  It also arrived cracked.
Good length but very slippery.  I had my wife sew nice cotton fabric to the backside using white thread and it look better and doesn't slide around.  I took sandpaper to the lightning bolt for the more faded rugged look and it is actually a very rad strap that I have been commented on a few times now.  For the price, why not?  Be creative and make it original and it can be a very nice addition to a nice acoustic or electric.  As far as the base product, it has gone through a lot of use and is not showing any signs of wear.
For a cheap EQ it does great. Sometimes though when I hit the switch the light turns on and there is a second before the signal comes back. If it was not for that it would be a 5 star rating. I am not too worried about it because the pedal + loop pedal is still cheaper then the MXR or Boss Eq's
I have owned two of these stands. The first one was rendered unusable after the set screw disappeared. The second one must have walked off on its own while I was moving to a new place. Not the greatest stands by any means, but for what they're worth, I didn't mind spending another $10 to get one. Sure there are other stands of much higher quality that are even more compact and portable. But price, ability to collapse, and it's light weight made it the one I bought... again.
Great concept....everything rolled into one product.  Winder, String cutter and end pin remover.  The price is fair for all that.
Its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. Warning for beginners don't get this!!!!
the winder works really well and same with the cutter, but using the cutter can be a bit cumbersome.  i guess for taking w/ you on gig bag would be great as you only have one tool, but if using at home, then i think is more convenient to have a separate cutter.  that's what i do anyway.  still i think is a good tool to have.
The peg winder is what it is, it winds pegs and there's not much to it. The string cutter is too bulky to use in most cases so I still need a set of snips when using this thing.
Does the job well enough
A good piece of kit. Except it does have problems removing occasional sticky string pegs. It's also squeakily noisy when string winding. The cutter works perfectly.
This winder and cutter...winds and cuts fine...But the pin puller does not fit my guitar pins even though the ad claims that, &#34;...it fits virtually all guitars, banjos and mandolins...&#34;  Oh well...another lessson learned.
Sometimes it seems more convenient to use my hand to turn the pegs rather than use this, but it does a pretty good job. I really like the string cutter built into the frame, and the peg puller is my favorite feature. Basically, I use this for everything except winding strings.
I like Dunlop products but... The push down applicators (Dunlop's Dab-O-Matic Applicator Tops) are horrible idea. One popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. I will not buy these again or I will remove them and just use a cloth.
In general it's OK but when you look at the fine writing on the fingerboard formula it says not to use on Maple; which means I can't use it on either of my Gibsons.  Probably better to just get the lemon oil for that separately.
I bought my new guitar and wanted to keep it in great shape.  I guess this kit works okay, but it's hard to use.  It will probably last my entire lifetime.  I think a smaller kit would have been better.  You really need to remove the strings when you use it, so you have to take off all the strings.  I usually only replace one string at a time when I am changing strings, so I had to change my habits.  If you have a guitar without a truss rod, that may mean you will take a lot more time tuning after you're done changing the strings, since the neck will bend more as you tighten the strings one at a time, and that will change the pitch of the strings you have already tuned.  I'm no expert, but I have a gut feeling that this was not money well spent.  However, since I love my guitar, I use it anyway.
I have used Ernie Ball strings for along time.  Mostly slinky's or super slinky's.  I read the review on these and thought I would give these a try for the sound they make paired with a LP.I bought these to replace the stockers on the EPI LP 100 I just bought.  Luckily I order two packs.  I was putting on the top E string and had turned the crank less than a few times, not near enough tension on the string yet to even be in tune yet, and "pop" it broke. I had ordered two sets, so I put on the one from the new set. No problems until I got to the G string, then "pop" another breaker. Very sad quality.After finally getting them on and in tune (you will need to stretch the top 3 strings alot to get them to stay in tune, especially the E) I have to say they have a great sound to them.  Nice tone and sustain.  Great crucnhy sound for metal, but still a good clean tone too.  These are thick strings, but still bendable, just not very far.  I would rate the sound 5 stars.Unfortunately, it takes two packs of strings for one successful stringing to occur because of how brittle the strings are.  So I have to give these three stars overall.
Great highs and lows, but rough on the fingertips, and difficult doing barre chords, slides, and single string progressions. OK with more effort
I read a review saying that there bridge was floating out & the strings were hard to tune aswell as their e string popping. I had the exact same experience but i bought two sets since i know uncoated strings dont last long. so i did get to play em but all my strings (except the A & E) popped on both sets within two weeks i knew it was due to my bridge being made to use a whammy bar (which it came with btw)& the tension it put on my tuning pegs what really got me upset about these strings was that they damaged my tuning pegs and now there harder to turn (have to use pliers sometimes) but the strings sound great & if i get a better guitar i might get these more often but for now im staying w/ medium gauge elixirs.
I've been playing guitar for over twenty years now and I've tried just about every guitar string in existance and even these Elixir coated strings.  I've come to realise that the benefits for a slightly longer life barely makes sense given the much higher price you have to pay for it.  Eventually, all strings corrode and lose their lustre and if you are a professional playing gigs, you change your strings so often anyway that to pay much more for polycoating doesn't make any sense.  If you are the kind that occasionally takes out the axe then maybe this would make a difference but what I do is I get the least expensive ones and make sure I wipe down and clean them, even using products like string cleaners and Fast Fret to reduce finger squeak if necessary and my strings last for quite some time as well except at a much lower cost.Few people know this but only a few guitar stringmakers exist in the U.S. and many of them that are retailed are actually the same strings with different brand names.  Granted Elixir probably isn't one of these as they try to make hay with the time they have left on their patent of this polycoating technology but my thing is why pay so much more for strings when the benefit you get is really not so substantial as to justify the price?  I myself use generic Kyser stings for my classical and acoustic guitars and Memphis Electrics for my electric just because they are the cheapest I could find on the web and my sound has not been detrimentally affected in any way.  In fact, you are much more likely to improve upon your sound by using better amps and guitar cables than you are with strings; at least most people would be able to hear the difference.  Don't get me wrong these Elixir strings are not bad but you are much more likely to get a better sound by improving your technique (practice), getting better cables, pickups, amps, guitars etc than from just using these strings.  For better string life, just wipe down and clean the strings before and after use.  This discipline once a habit is good enough.Peace!
After about a month and a half I have noticed some corrision on the A and D strings at the 4th fret.  That is a little disapointing because these are suppost to last 3 to 5 times longer than "regular" strings.  I like the way they sound.  They are a little harder to play than the D' Addario strings that I am used to on my other guitar, and the Martins that I have used in the past.  If I still have to change them every 2 or 3 months they are not really worth the extra cost.
Regardless of the string itself, I insist on honesty in advertising and marketing.  So when I was earnestly considering ordering this string I read the summary, in which it was stated:"Elixir Strings are coated in a unique way to protect wound strings from your DNA and other contaminants."Ohhhh... protects my string from DNA!  Yeah, that DNA really messes up guitar strings all right.  In fact it's the worst contaminant EVER... worse even than the oils and acids on our skin... worse than the cells themselves that contain and hold the DNA from exposure because the DNA is the blueprint of those cells, contained deep within protective walls.  But somehow that nasty ol' DNA leaks out and contaminates our guitar strings!Honestly.  It's like none of us have ever attended a biology class because we're musicians?As I read the reviews, I noted review after review after review that seemed like some sort of marketing promo.  I noticed not one of those reviews indicated they had actually purchased the product from Amazon.  Hmmmm.The first honest review I found was one which said, "These strings sound somewhat artificial."  Ah finally, one of the REAL reviews.Look, the product may be good or not.  It may be the best string ever or not.  But am I going to spend time and money testing a string that apparently can't stand on its own quality without bogus marketing hype?We're musicians, not morons.  If you want us to buy a string, be totally honest in the marketing.  A quality string will sell itself by performance, sound and long life.  No matter how heavy the marketing hype, if the string is bad you'll only sell one set.  If it's good... you don't need the hype.EDIT FOLLOW-UP:  After reading numerous reviews, this does actually seem to be a good set of strings.  Which means the product can stand on customer testimony alone and shouldn't need spin to sell.  Just sayin'.  ;)
The Nanoweb strings do stay clean and they stand up but, on the negative side...I replaced one string in my set with a nanoweb and noticed right away the feel was slippery. When picking my fingers would slip on the nano string rather than pluck.  I will stick to cleaning my good old standard strings.
I hesitate to write this review simply because it's pretty obvious nearly everyone else loves these strings. To be honest, I was very, very impressed with their feel and handling. I do think they're the best playing strings I've used when it comes to pure playability. Hands down, none better. They were butter-smooth and great for flat picking. But for me it was a trade-off, because I simply wasn't impressed with the tone. I even took the time to try them on three different guitars (all dreadnoughts): a classic maple sides/spruce top, a mahogany back/sides with spruce top, and a maple backs/sides with a nato top. On all three, I didn't like the tone as much as the strings I was using. I really wanted to like them, but they simply didn't have the tone of the medium gauge Martin SPs I normally use.This isn't to say they're not great strings that sound different on other peoples' guitars, but I simply didn't like them on mine. I love good projection with rich bass tones and ringing treble for the folk and traditional music I play in our jam group. The Elixirs just lacked the punchy high tones of the Martin strings I use, and the treble sounds tinny vs. the clear ring of the Martins I normally use. To be fair, the bass strings sound great, and aren't much different. I would have to say choose your strings carefully based upon how you're going to use them. I play in acoustic groups, and the Elixir strings just don't have what I need to be heard, in spite of how great they feel under your fingers. If playability is more important than great tonal range, then by all means buy these strings...you won't be disappointed. I'm guessing these would be fine on an acoustic electric, where the electronics could compensate for the weaker treble tones.
sorry i noticed no difference i believe the price was really good for all the hype they put into these strings
if you like this guage you'd like these.. I just tried them, just to try.. but I've confirmed I like heavier gauges.
Pricey as far as strings go.  A lot of people swear by them but I get just as much tone and life out of strings that cost a whole lot less.
After all these reviews I expected the Greatest Strings Ever, golden strands of Glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!Instead, I got a decent set of .10's that lasted a whole hour before the D snapped at the neck pickup. I use a PRS with a Wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings, and I pre-stretch them gently but completely. Plus I tune down to Eb for vocal and breakage reasons, so I break very few of my normal strings, Slinky .10's. Ergo, a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension, tuned down, is unacceptable, especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.As for the tone, it's definitely bright and almost too edgy, but nicely zingy all told. Yet one negative I've noticed after about 8 hours' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings, making them harder to tune. Sounds odd, I know, but when I replaced the D with a Slinky D (replacing singles ain't cheap either at triple the price, please note), I've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the Elixir strings.So, I must say I'm summarily unimpressed so far with Elixir electric strings.What's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?Especially when it costs three times more?And what's up with the tuning thing?And why do these cost so much more, anyhow? Is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string? Not when that string is toast in 50 minutes, zero doubt there.Anyhow, I've got five Elixirs and one Slinky on my main ax now, so as they age I'll get a good feel for how the Elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone, and I'll report back here in a while. And by the way, that Slinky D sounds almost exactly the same as the Elixirs, tonally. So much for Magic Elixir Tone.Don't get me wrong, I really do want to love these, as I hate changing strings, but geez guys, how about some quality control?If I'm going to pay triple the price, then is it crazy to expect triple the quality? Or heck, even just a little better...PS If you look at the D'Addario reviews (I love their acoustic strings), they respond to many of the reviews and questions. I hope that Elixir will do the same here and address my questions.[Edit: And now, after only six hours' of playing on that guitar, the B string popped at the same place as the D, neck pickup. Once again I ask: what good are strings that "sound good three times longer" if they break three times faster?][Edit: 10/31/12. Come on! After four more hours, the A string went. I only play that ax one or two sessions a week, and the next time I joked to the drummer, "Which one will go today?" He said he's amazed the G is still on, as he plays too and knows the G takes the most tension. An hour later, guess what? Yep. So that's four broken strings in less than 20 hours' play. Seriously?Not only are these not a good deal for 9 bucks, I'd be bummed if they cost 3 bucks. The only plus I can think of at this point is they sounded good when new, but dang, unless you play totally smooth jazz or some such, I'd stick with Slinkies or D'Addarios. Unless I got a "bad set", which seems kinda lame for triple the normal price. In any case, these Elixirs were just not worth the money.][Edit, 3/3/13: I called Elixir and told them about the multiple breakage, and they sent me another set. That set has taken a few four hour hard rock sessions with no breaks yet, thought the tuning issue remains. I'll add a star for good customer service and the hope that perhaps my first set was a dud. But honestly, at this price, there should be no duds at all.]
I love the idea of this but I wish I had spent more for a better quality version. I had seen them used by others and chose this one but it is not well made. The number dial is not accurate and is loose so as you are using it you have to keep checking that it has not moved. It works but I'll probably end up getting a better one.
i would use this again, the plastic around the ball scraped away and the ball flew out making it useless
This switch does work, but you should look before you leap. The switch travel is greater than it is for a standard 3-way switch, and if you use the common Fender replacement control plate (or one that was only intended for a 3-way switch, it may not fit. You could fairly easily alter the plate, but if you want the cleanest look possible you may want to investigate a new control plate.
The four-way diagram that comes with the switch does not tell you which side to use. Both sides have five tabs and look the same from the above diagram given no matter which way you turn it. I figured it would go the same way as the three-way - wrong. You think Fender would have the sense to figure this out, and give us a proper diagram, but guess again. Just another example of the incompetence at Fender.
These are nice,and this was easily the best price around. These are made in Japan, and I believe they're made for Fender by Gotoh, so they're good quality. But I was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the "standard,vintage-sized" .340" holes in my All-parts neck ( they're a little large).So be aware of that.
Looks good but disappointed that they aren't made in the USA. Oh well just shows me little by little more and more things aren't anymore.
I'm using the guides to replace factory guides on my Strat and Tele. They will require that I drill a shallow hole to seat the guide properly. I hate drilling holes in guitars but it has to be done.  The quality of these guides is not what I expected. They are cast and plated and have some rough edges to them. If you want a very clean looking finish I would look for a higher quality guide. At this point I'm not even sure that I will use them.
Meh, these things are what they are. They didn't solve any problems or make anything better.  Oh well, sometimes you just gotta do stuff for no reason.
I had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck ..
Be careful about using capos like this, because if you're using a fine guitar, it may damage the finish.  Try it, and double check regularly, and I wouldn't leave it clamped on the guitar, overnight or for weeks on the guitar stand.
this is not the greatest product they make - but it works quickly and makes the 12 string spread when needed to do so more easily than most.
I was not a fan of this particular capo. It was good quality and the price was ok but just not my style.
Thought I'd try this but there's another brand that I prefer.  Needed to re-shift this capo a lot to get it to hold down strings evenly and not mute some.
...but for a small woman with small hands, it's difficult to operate.  It also exerts a whole lot of pressure on the strings, which can't be good for them.  I ordered a Schubb brand capo that's much easier to operate and doesn't smash the strings like a brute because the pressure is adjustable.  The only drawback to the Schubb is you can't clip it to the headstock, a convenience that's important to a lot of professional musicians.  I'm keeping both, if I need the convenience of this clip on style I'll use it.  When playing at home I'll use the more gentle Schubb.
Like other reviewer wrote previously, I received less picks than advertised (I received a total of 7 picks). I don't know if the people at customs "borrowed" some from me, but I find very strange that more than one person is having the same problem. Other than that, the picks are good, seem to be durable and produce a nice sound.
I gave this 3 stars simply because the review has to conatin a star rating. I have nothing to say against the product or the company, only that this is NOT a GUITAR CASE! It is a MANDOLIN case! Amazon should correct this.Stagg STB-10W  Acoustic Guitar BagEpiphone Case for Epiphone Dot, Sheraton, 335
I wanted to experiment with a thin pick. I like the action but thinner picks tend to "click" over the strings and I don't care much for that. These are certainly pretty though, and the feel is typical Fender celluloid, smooth and a little slippery. Might be hard to hold with sweaty fingers. Celluloid is highly flammable, so be aware of that if you smoke (I don't).
I got this for my Ibanez acoustic and found it was a real challenge to get it attached at the neck.  It took a few trys before I could get it buttoned so the strap would stay put.  Even so it was a good quality button.  The leather is tough and will last for years.  It will probably outlast the guitar.If you're looking for a good way to attach a strap to the guitar neck is a possible option.  Maybe if you have a Martin it might be a better fit.  But it's really worth the hassle.
These cables work very well at transmitting sound. So why only three stars? Well, these are far from the most well thought out instrument cables you will find. These are stiff, thick, and heavy. While that's good for most analog cables, these cables are so stiff and heavy that, for instance, a portable tuner or a small stomp box might easily be moved around just by having one end of this cable in there.With so many amps having plastic jacks these days, you have to wonder what kind of stress these cables might be putting your amp jacks and pickguard-mounted output jacks under if these cables can fling a tuner around just by being plugged into one. I mean, let's face it. You never know what will happen at a gig. Sometimes you're playing with a 12 foot cable when you should have a 18 foot cable. A cable shouldn't come out because of a gentle pull, but if it's between the cable falling out and it moving a bass head around or you tripping on it, you want the cable to fall out. If everything you have is heavy or Velcro'd to the ground, this isn't a problem, but it is for me. I feel like when you're playing with these cables, you're worried about stepping on the cable not because you want to pull it out, but because it's seriously like a trip wire out there.Lastly, these plugs are huge. That's not really a problem if you play a Strat or a Tele, but what about a P-Bass or a J-Bass where the plug comes out at a right angle from the body? This is going to stick out a lot, and to loop it around your strap, it's going to be a huge, stiff, cumbersome loop. I know people often buy 90 degree plugs for those kinds of instruments, but most normal straight plugs do just fine. So yeah, if you like to move around on stage, get more flexible cables. You'll thank me.These cables are just poorly thought out. They'd work great as patch cords, or keyboards, drum machines, from pedal board to amp (as long as you have a metal jack). Monster has a cable that costs half as much but works twice as well for actual instrument use, and at that price, Pro Co cables are also excellent, and they have brand name plugs, as well.
The monster chord is great looking, but for me, they are too stiff. I play an acoustic guitar, so I don't run around a lot. The cord must be made to be able to take some abuse, but I don't need that.
I am using it with a Musician's Gear music stand.  The shelf fits, but moves easily when moving stuff on the shelf of the stand.  It is made out of plastic which flexes fairly easily and doesn't feel as sturdy as the metal shelf of the stand.  There aren't any other options though unless you know some one who can do metal fabrication. It is a good thing it does not cost a lot.
This mic is fine. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard.
Not sure if these are more on the brass side or the bronze? Not really to my liking compared to the phospher bronze. The EXPs are nice strings. They have a nice feel to them along with less string noise. And they last. My two acoustic  guitars, a Takamine Mini jumbo and a Gretsch jumbo, both made from mahogany are both nice sounding guitars. I figured i would try these 80/20 strings after using phospher bronze. Only real problem i noticed is the 80/20s seem brighter and they ring longer. I prefer the warmer tone. And since my guitars have alot of "boom" already, i dont need the extra ring to complicate the sound with overtones when strumming fast. I imagine these strings may work in some instances, but i am going back to the phospher bronze for my guitars.
I like Elixir.  I had to try this one because of another friend said it's ok and cheaper.I tried it and the quality is low end.The sound is not as crisp.The gauge is too heavy for my fingers (not their problem)All 6 strings are wrapped inside one single bag.I'd go back to Elixir next time.
I like D'Addario strings, but these did not impress me. They are not worth the extra cost, in my opinion.
not worth the price or matched the hype that you hear and read about. GHS strings are much cheaper and much better strings than these. I think they lasted a week on my guitar until I could get some more GHS or Slinky Acoustics on it.
I did not care for the tone or feel. Took them off within an hour and put back on EJ16. They had a rough feel and were stiff. Lots of folks like them but not for me.
I read the reviews of the few similar options. I went with this one because reviews of the competition talked about how far back the guitars lean. Not much of that complaint here. But this definitely has that problem.My guitar is quite stable leaning back less than a third of what this stand causes. So this can't go in several out-of-the-way places I had hoped would work. Also, I was hoping to use two of these close together for a compact 2-guitar rack. However, the angle makes that very awkward.I hope to modify it to work, but I'm not super hopeful at this point. Will probably have to manufacture something to replace it..
After trying out a few other styles and brands, I settled on this stand, wanting something that would keep my 50s Telecaster from taking an unexpected fall. The overall design of the stand is great, but I had to return my first stand, as there were severe quality issues with the finish. There were at least 3 spots where the black finish didn't stick to the metal, and I essentially had bare metal spots sticking out. The neck portion was also sitting cockeyed about 15 degrees to the right, once it was clamped down to the main stand body. Disappointingly, the replacement unit I received also has this issue, but only about 7-10 degrees worth. I'm going to use this stand in the meantime while I try to find something of a nicer finish, and truly worthy of my guitar.
I don't like that I have to continually tighten the knob at the back of the stand to keep the neck rest from tilting or moving and eventually falling down. The solution? Tighten the crap out of it with a wrench until you get it very snug and it won't budge.
Not easy to set up, hard to tighten down. Works well enough as a filter once you get it placed.
You may wat to reconsider buying ANY filter.On this model, the top (filter) part is essentially pantyhose wrapped around a cardboard tube.Despite this, the clamp and adjuster parts are relatively good.In all honesty, Buy a nicer filter, or none at all. They do NOT make a huge difference on recording quality unless you're using Top-of-the-line microphones. If this is the case, spend the money to get a nicer filter.One nice thing- these keep artists from getting too close to the mic and essentially making out with them. I found that quality nice when dealing with... passionate vocalists.
Its OK, the adjust ability is not what i would like but it does have some uses and its built like a tank. i got this for free from my girlfriend who had it given to her from some old guy who told her it was a broken distortion pedal so i can't complain about it not being worth what i paid for it. i currently have this on my pedal board along with a Digitech MainSqueeze which is less expensive, more adjustable and just more versatile. would i buy this, yes if i didn't try anything else first. nuff said.
More knobs are not always better.  In the case of this pedal, the controls are really sensitive, there's a pretty big mid hump that's hard to dial out, and the low end control can make things really boomy, or add a little chunk to the sound.  You can do a lot with it, but I struggle to find what it does best, because it doesn't really do edge of distortion well (it doesn't clean up), and it's not a really high gain distortion pedal, but it can just add a bit of tightness, hair metal mids, or thump to a standard OD sound.  Basically, if you have your amp set for 70s rock, you can stomp on this and get Motley Crue or maybe Bark at the Moon era Ozzy.Like a tubescreamer, this thing lets a little bit of the clean signal through so you hear the distorted guitar mixed with clean signal.  The circuit design is nothing like a tube screamer, but it can work as a substitute ( I think if you wanted the tube screamer sound, theJoyo JF-01 "Vintage Overdrive" Pedalwould be better just for simplicity sake and being more of a clone).So it's not bad, but its just not on the level of boutique pedals and their clones.  If you get tired of it, give it to your bass player or try it with a bass for an interesting tone.
I've tried to like this pedal, I really have.  Maybe it's my signal chain (?)  My experience with the DigiTech series is that they suck the tone out from your guitar.  Sure, the OD is there, but it isn't worth losing your tone, is it?  Again, I reiterate maybe it's just me.  I have been messing around with signal chains for almost 3 decades now.  And the blue pedal isn't any different, either IMO.  Grunge was OK, but not my kind of style.
This beginner level guitar is very good quality for the price. It's lightweight and has attractive but basic finishes. The biggest drawback is that the one I received required the action to be adjusted. The bridge needed lowered slightly and the nut held the strings way too high above the frets. The result was very sore fingers. These are easy fixes if you have the proper tools. Otherwise you'll have to pay a guitar shop to do a proper setup. Stock strings have a warm tone.
This is nearly identical to theGuardian Cases CG-020-B Bass Guitar Caseat about half the cost. However, there are some issues with this case as well as limitations.First the issues: while the covering appears to be stitched on, it is - for the most part - glued on, and if the case is left in a hot, unventilated space like a car for prolonged periods the covering will start to life at the edges. On the other hand, someone who takes care of their gear is probably not going to leave their instrument in a hot car (or garage or other storage space) for prolonged periods. However, you should be aware of the issue, if for no other reason than to remind you that if they case suffers, imagine the effect on your bass.The limitations are simple: the case, while a hard shell design, is not as strong as one made from ABS plastic. The top is relatively flimsy as are the sides. This is not a show stopper if you use the case for home storage and occasional gigs, but if you have a heavy road schedule, and especially of you are not personally loading and unloading the band's gear, this case will not afford you the protection of an ATA-style case.Also note that I have only used this case for a Fender Jazz Bass, so any long-scale J- or P-style basses will fit. I cannot be sure about other brands and models.I mentioned an ATA-style case as a better solution, and it is essential for protecting your instrument if you have heavy road or even local gig schedules. For less demanding protection I recommend that you also consider this case (which I purchased as an upgrade when I became aware of the issues and limitations of the Musician's Gear model:SKB Electric Bass Rectangular Hardshell, standard latches, handle.If you still opt for the Musician's Gear case, you are still getting relatively good value and are certainly making a large step up from a soft gig bag.
It's great if you need to quickly drop your hats, but not the other way around. I bought this drop clutch because it was cheap, and I was on a budget. Overall its build is solid, the only problem I have with it is having the clutch lock back into place.
I was very impressed by this little guitar. The build quality seemed good and toggle and pods were noiseless.The only complaints I have is E string breaks often, which is a direct result of constant tuning fatiguing the strings.I feel the tuners are just not strong enough and the ratio is no adequate to keep in tune.Still a great guitar for a 5 to 10 year old.
I've been playing over 30 years and got one of these for my 7-year-old because he wants to play guitar like daddy does.  For $100 it's an OK starter guitar for a kid (and I guess really short people who can't play a regular Fender), but not something I'd recommend to anyone else.  And my kid thinks it looks cool, so he'll be more likely to stick with it.Even though it has a laminated body, the headstock and unfinished neck are decent wood.  The frets are crowned OK but have some sharp ends to them, and I feel silly investing the cash to have them fixed.  It's light and easy to handle.  The hardware isn't bad, with a stable bridge (good idea not to put a floating trem in this), 5-way blade switch, solid jack and strap anchors, and smooth knobs.  The pickups are not top notch but work well enough (a decent replacement set would cost more than the whole guitar does, so I'm not complaining).  It has a nice red paint job.On the down side, besides some sharp fret ends, it required a few truss rod and bridge adjustments to bring the action close to where it should be.  The fretboard uses cheap rosewood and in one spot has some extra glue showing around a fret.  The nut on the one I got is sunk lower on the treble side than on the bass side, so the low E string is farther from the fretboard than the other strings.  It has one small pit in the red finish.  It has no paperwork or owner's manual.  The tuners are kind of choppy.  And the body/neck flexes so if you put too much pressure on it the whole thing will go out of tune.It comes strung with Fender 9's, which combined with the short scale makes the strings loose and easy to press down, so it's good for a kid just starting out.  I actually enjoy messing around with it because the pickups have a punkish scratchy sound.  But as soon as he gets bigger we'll ditch this for something better.
I used this on the side of a wooden bookshelf for my ukulele.  It's attractive.  It's well made. It's fork is a tad large for the ukulele  It has rubber o-rings that slide, so I can bring them in and the uke does fit then.  But then, even the three inch deep uke is close to the bookcase (or wall, if you use it there).  The uke hits when I put it in the hanger, so I put a felt pad where the uke body hits the bookcase.Many uke players simply nail a single nail in the wall and use a loop off string from it around the uke head and tuners.  This is much less expensive, holds very well, is even more low profile than this hanger, and never drops a uke. Consider it for your needs.I'd not buy another of these for a ukulele.  It likely works fine for a guitar, though.I deducted one point for the fact that, even though it's adjustable (the o-rings), and advertised for ukes, it doesn't work well for them.  And it's heavy and not stylish, in my opinion.  I have the Hercules wall hanger (mechanical gripper) for my electric guitars, and it's fabulous (for guitars; overkill for lightweight ukuleles, maybe).Hercules Stands Wallmount Guitar Hanger GSP39WBUpdate 9/7/11: the more I use it, the less I like it.  I find that friction tuner ukuleles do not fit on it well at all, and the tuners hit the fork and it can make your uke out of tune.  So, for small instruments (you'd have to try it yourself with mandolins and banjos), this is atrocious.  For guitars, it's not as good as Hercules.
On-Stage makes decent products, but this one would have been awesome if the actual table of the stand would fold one or more times. That would have been perfect! Otherwise, it works fine.
These are excellent, inexpensive guitar strings. They are perfect for somebody that plays gigs and changes strings frequently. For the more casual player, these might not be the best choice.For the gigging musician, there is nothing better than these D'Addario strings. They are light weight, have great sound, and are inexpensive. These might take a very slight nod over Ernie Ball strings.For the more casual musician, somebody that isn't changing their strings once a week, these are probably not a great choice. Personally, I use Elixir strings on my electric guitars, a Les Paul 2008 Standard and a 1982 Gibson Lucille. I do not play gigs, so a set of strings doesn't see an hour or two of really hard playing per night. The coating on Elixir's helps keep corrosion down and is easier on my fingers; I like their feel a bit better than these strings. I get about a month of playing from those strings. Sadly, these D'Addario strings are really only good for about one or two weeks of playing.I've tried a variety of strings, Ernie Ball, Elixir, and D'Addario, on my guitars and the way I play, the Elixir's just sound and play the best to me. Of course, your mileage may vary. If I did start to play gigs, I would probably switch to a more affordable string like these.A silly cosmetic thing, I hate the packaging of these strings. D'Addario makes a huge deal out of reduced packaging and being environmentally responsible with their products. The strings come in a cardstock outer box, with a single plastic package inside. Each string size has a different colored ball on the end to help a person figure out the string gauge. I change strings myself, and I really prefer the individual paper envelopes for the strings, with the gauge clearly printed on the package. If you are new to changing strings, or only change them infrequently, this all in one package will confuse the heck out of you. Especially at first, I preferred to work with one string at a time.D'Addario also makes a major deal out of the serial number on their package to help fight fake strings. Their website has a place to enter the serial number to verify the package of stings is authentic. I kind of disliked the fact that you have to enter an email address to even get started. They could have very simply left a spot to enter the serial number with no other information necessary.In the end, the silly colored balls at the end of the strings, well they look goofy on my guitars. I wouldn't mind the colors on an acoustic (the ball gets hidden by the peg anyway), but those balls are visible on my electric guitar. I just prefer the simple gold balls on the ends of other strings.
I read all of the reviews and bought 6 pairs of these based on the reviews.So, I put these on my Gibson Les Paul last night and played for a few hours.  I didn't hammer the strings, just played easy, mostly the Eagles.As I was hanging the guitar on the wall afterward, I took a quick look at the strings.  I was shocked to see the high E and B strings were already flattened.  I never would have expected wear after just a few hours of light playing.The strings sounded great, but by the time I had them stretched enough that they would hold tune, they were already worn.I guess I'm going to HAVE to go to heavier strings so I'm not changing strings every few days.  These just did not perform as expected.Giving these 3 stars is being generous.  I have 5 sets to use up now, damn.  I was using light gauge and thought these mediums would hold up, but they lasted for only two hours......my Fender 3250L bullets at least lasted a few weeks.  Going to try the Fender on my Gibson and see how they sound.  I'm still in search of the "perfect" set of strings.  I'm open to suggestions
D'Addario Are The Best Strings That I Have Tried, I Used To Use Ernie Ball Super Slinky's But Found That These Last Longer, The Ernie's Bend and Play Well But They Tend To  Go Dull Faster Not To Mention The Ernie's Start Corroding Within A Week, These D'Addario Strings Stay Brighter Longer, I Usually Change Them About Every 4 Weeks, The Ernie's Only Last Me A Week, 2 Weeks At The Most, That Can Get Expensive Fast, All Around The D'Addario Strings Are The Strings 4 Me, Retraction, when I originally wrote this review I thought they were the best, Turns out they are in fact way better than Ernie Ball Strings, but they are no longer my preference, A friend of mine told me about DR strings and they are much better than these D'Addarios. DR's last three times as long as D'Addario. the DR's cost a lil more but they are way better, for the money Addarios are good but I would recommend spending a few dollars more for DR strings
They are ok not a big fan tho they have a odd metal sound when you play them. I had earnie ball on previously and I might switch back or go to dunlop witch I put on my 7 sting and love.  But I probably won't get these again..... Ever.
d,addario makes great strings, this just where not the gages I was lookin for.other than that I like this brand of strings
It works for what it is, it just feels a little light when you wind after getting the tension up.  Not a bad product, just don't know how long it will last.
THis device is ok. It is light weight and folds nicely, but it is not especially stable. Convenient storage is its biggest plus.
I picked up one of these at Guitar Center a while back.  At first, it seemed unstable, but then I tried to open it up a little more, and it kind of clicked into the position shown in the picture here.  When it's opened up all the way, it is relatively stable, and is suitable for servicing your own guitar.  As others say, it does fold up nicely, and takes up minimal space in my toolbox.  I wouldn't use this if I made a living servicing guitars, as I don't think it would last long due to the quality of materials (it does feel pretty cheap.)  But it does work well enough for an individual who does work on their guitars once in a while.I imagine one could make something a bit more sturdy for less out of wood and felt.  Over all, I'm happy with the purchase, as it suits my needs.
I was expecting something a little bigger. It will do, but next time, I probably will look for something with a little more stability.
This is a really nice item and I got two of them.  Unfortunately one of them did not thread properly into the base and I had to force it which has created a little wobble.  That's the problem with mail order. Sometimes on a cheap item its not worth the time and expense to exchange it. Oh well so far its working OK with the my old classical (beater) guitar I have hanging on the faulty one.  The other unit seems to be rock solid. Oh and by the way these hooks are too skinny for a classical guitar.
These hangers work great but make sure you purchase some spare screws.  The screws provided easily break when screwing into a stud so I would recommend you buy some good screws before you install.  I have several of these and at least three screws broke as I screwed them into the stud in the wall.
This is an OK solution to keeping your picks handy and organized; at least you can have one place where you can find a pick, as opposed to having them scattered all over the house and in every case, but a small baggie will work just as well. Maybe you have to get to one in a hurry on stage? Sometimes (depending on the amount and size of the pick) it's hard to get the pick out of the holder, and if you use something other than the standard shape, forget it.  It has an adhesive backing, so I guess you can stick it on your amp/guitar/wall/small animal, but I'd rather not.
I'm rather disappointed with this item as I put only FOUR (4) picks into it when it snapped apart. I use the Dunlop Tortex 1.0 mm picks and perhaps that's where I was at fault - I maybe should left it at three picks.However, my bench vise and some superglue have remedied the situation nicely. Thus beware of how many picks and their gauge BEFORE you push them into this holder.I give it 3 out of 5 stars for reasons stated.
it hold my picks well, but some are to big for it and the tape/foam on the bottom looses the stick quickly. im neutral on this one.
I own three of these, and have them attached to the back of my headstocks. Great idea, great concept and great quality. Only problem is that they do not work with the smaller picks that I have recently adopted. Dunlop Jazz III, the Dunlop Max-Grip Jazz IIIs and my Dava Jazz picks just won't stay in there without slipping out.For regular sized picks, it's a perfect product. For smaller sized picks I improvise by using SD card cases -- perfect fit for jazz picks.
It didn't seem like slight difference in shape would make it almost useless. It may work well with Dunlop picks but not for thePlanet Waves 10 Standard Guitar Picks - Duralin Blue ###GT!!! Medium/Heavy, also the thicker the pick, the fewer it will hold. It has sticky back foam tape on it for mounting to a surface like your amp or whatnot. I've found it mostly not useful thus far, maybe it would help more when playing live so I can grab for a pick and know they will be there.
Does what it is designed to do, it holds about 6 picks.  Small piece of adhesive tape on the back. The supplier refunded some of the postage.  Amazon promised to credit my account $10 (credit never appeared) for the highly inflated shipping costs.  A $2 item cost $17.70 for shipping!  Be careful and read everything before you click to submit the order.
In my humble opinion, the pictures make the product look purple.  They're not purple.  At least the ones I was sent.  They were charcoal.I bought them specifically to use with my daughter's purple Washburn guitar, so it's kind of annoying.Other than the color, there's nothing wrong with them.
I quess this pic holder may be a pretty good idea but just not something I would use but as I said, It's ok.
It is not expensive, but the item is sort of cheap.  I could have used a baggy to hold my picks.
Not the greatest cord I have ever used, not the worst either. I would prefer Fender Tweed cables over this one if I had to make a recommendation.
This is just your typical nylon strap (a bit stiff, but durable).  I love the Celtic design enough to use this strap, but ordinarily I prefer higher quality materials than the nylon and plastic construction (with leather ends).  The leather is also a bit stiff, but not so stiff that it's not functional or reliable.  If Dunlop made this in cotton and steel, I'd pay 4x as much for it...
Good idea. Tends to slip on the strings however. Convenientt to have a pick at the end of the neck.
Absolutely Obligatory for any fan of rock n roll jamming with tastes of jazz influenced rock--1970's influences.  I would probably buy the Phase 100 today though, as it has 4 different positions to choose from, I assume including the original set-up as one of them.Well, I need to correct this.  This review was for the OLD models.  The NEW models have FAR too high midrange and the components are no longer easily modified.  I thought I was replacing an old model with the NEW one, but alas the NEW is not worthy of a place in my effects chain!I will probably get an EH Small stone now, though that pedal looks like it may have been changed lately too.  Sadly it appears boutiques are being bought by non-musical business men who care ONLY about the bottom line and NOT enough, if AT ALL about the sound/quality of their products.  The capitalists have become too greedy, and the socialists think they are worthy to tell everyone else how to live.  God help us!
I returned this because I wanted the script version instead. Very different sound. Watch YouTube to compare models. This pedal seems older as well.
This is a great pedal for price. No it's not the most amazing phase pedal, but it's still quality. I know many pedal geeks who still have it on their board. If you don't use a lot of phaser but need it for a song or 2. Buy it.
I definately helps cut down &#34;wind whistle&#34; on my mic. can't say anything great about the product but I cant say anything bad. It does what it is suppose to
its a windscreen, this is the first one i have bought but it seems to work how it is supposed to. it could be less dense i think. idk
This microphone clip becomes loose at the hinge very quickly, and needs to consistently be tightened. Too much of a hassle, really~
Very tight fit which is great for your stationary mic .It hold the mic with no concerns of the mic falling out. Great for back up singers .
I wish I bought longer cables but these cables are fine. They do what they are supposed to do but I know I can spend a few more dollar dollar bills and get a higher quality cable but the tonal difference wouldn't be anything significant.
I got these because I work as a live sound engineer and they sometimes come in handy used as interconnects between guitar pedals.
Bought this on a whim.  It works well when utilized with the amp in direct fashion.  When used with a pedalboard rig, it doesn't add much except for hiss, unfortunately.  Sweet sound with an older Fender amp unit, though.  Does not sound good with updated equipment, Line 6 equipment, Roland units.  I'd say definitely do not get this if you're a tech or gear head.  Get it if you're a simple player with few FX in your arsenal.  It does sound good when just utilized with amp and guitar, amp, wah, and guitar, or amp, wah, guitar, and expression pedal.  Nothing else I've tied it to has seemed to work out, though.  Probably a wasted product with where I'm headed as a technical player, but good for beginners and intermediate levels.  Into King Crimson/Fripp styles?  Don't go for this for modeling.
It is taking a chance on ordering a guitar online!I took the chance and got what most of the reviews already shared.Here's my take-PROS:- Cheap! $90 is very inexpensive for a guitar!- Well packaged for shipping- Arrived 1 day early- Fair quality. This is not a top of the line or even middle of the line guitar. It is a cheap guitar that does have some decent craftsmanship, but not stellar.- Good sound! This does have a very good sound- with new strings of course- Size: This is not a full size guitar, but larger than a 3/4. It is a "concert" size which I like!- It is a cut-away design without electronics! This combo is very rare!- Fair to good wood materials and furniture- Good design! This guitar sounds good, feels good, looks very good.- Matte finish: this comes with a matte finish, not shiny- I like thatCONS:- Strings- corroded poor quality strings- neck condition: Neck has slight bend, I needed to adjust the truss and file a few frets. There is still a slight dip and bump at the 12th fret causing fret buzz.- frets are not smoothed on ends- neck surface is not sanded well but smooth enoughI like this guitar. It's very inexpensive, needs a little work, sounds very good. I hope this information help you make an informed choice about a guitar purchase.
As title says:1) High Action2) Inadequate Loudness for pickingI compared this to the Mitchell MD100 and think the Mitchell is very good for it's price.You can compare both at guitar center.
I chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth.
Compared to Ernie Ball's cloth, it's good enough for wiping down things.  It is soft and non abrasive; EB's cloth has that and also has a clinging element which seemingly cleans and absorbs. Overall good cloth for general use.
Sorry, but I'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. It's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. And despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. I used with Planet Waves Restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again.
Works as advertised for polishing my guitars. I don't use any other cleaners such as Fender Polish when I use this cloth.
I've owned this pedal for about 8 years.  It's good overall, but the reverbs fall short of ideal for me.  They just sound a bit inauthentic, and this is noticeable at times, but in a band setting probably wouldn't be noticable.  I think it's the way they trail off.  The tails tend to have a little unnatural decay, or something.I've been using the Boss Fender reverb pedal for about 3 years now as my main reverb (neither of my amps have reverb) and what I've done in the last year is that I use this Digitech with a wetter setting (usually church or hall) if I want reverb on a solo.  For that application it works fine and sounds great.  As a "leave it on all the time" reverb I find it a bit lacking.But if you want a bunch of decent sounds you could do much worse.  Plus this thing is obviously rugged, I've abused it (not really, just regular gigging abuse) for all this time and it's never failed to work.  But that's been my overall experience with Digitech stuff for a long time.
The digitech main squeeze is an okay compression pedal. Do I use it? yes. However, I would likely trade it for an MXR or DUNLOP if I had the opportunity. It doesn't sound bad per se' but does have some hiss to it. It also boosts your signal (a noticeable volume increase). While some may like this, I want my compressor to be a little more subtle and just provide some added sustain.
As soon as I got this pedal I put it on my board and noticed it had a high end hum. I have a 2 Behringer pedals on my board and a lot of people say they are bad noisy pedals,but my pedal board was silent till I put this pedal on it. I've only had it for a few days, but the cons out way the pros. Maybe I will purchase a noise reducer to help clean it up a bit. Once I get around to playing with it I will write another review.
This is a perfect strap sized just right for mandolin.I would have given it five stars except mine arrived with a paper label glued to the back of the strap, which when peeled off left a sticky spot on the strap where it would press against the mandolin finish.
OK quality and certainly better than a piece of rope.  I found it a bit uncomfortable for sure but for the money it is worthwhile.
It was very hard to get the hole in the strap over the button on my mandolin.  At least it won't fall off soon!  I just got another mandolin with no button, and this strap has no way to attach to it.
isn't it sad when somebody produces a great product but screws up on the description? The product is great value for money and worth while buying, if for no other reason than save money on overpriced DC power units from the manufacturers of the pedal units. Trouble is that they do not say whether or not the cables come with the unit. They don't!! Dumb of them, as all they needed to say  was you needed to buy them separately, which I later did. Seems like nit picking? Well, it's not as live abroad and these things take a long while to come down to me. Sloppy isn't it?
As other reviewers have noted, the ends are too short and dont allow the cable to "click" into the jack of your guitar or amp. Easily remedied by cutting back the rubber by about 1/8" then the cable is fine.Other than that I like the cable construction and the large sized ends.
...strings I use D'Addario strings on my acoustic and electric guitars as well they are great.  They have a really nice sound and don't cost an arm and a leg...
.... I'm going back to what works best for me, Martin SP custom light. While the packaging (sealed) for each set is a good thing and also the individual color coding of each string, I do prefer Martins',
I gave these strings a try, but I don't care for them that much. I have always used SP;s or Elixir's, and I don't think that will change after trying these.
I have been using these strings for years and have been happy with them but the last couple of sets have lost the tone completely on strings 4,5,6 within 3 days of installing.  I play professionally and have a lot of experience installing strings, nothing wrong on the guitar.  Hopefully the next set will be better
I just had a guitar setup with DR Pure Blues 9's and they sound pretty good but they are a bit stiff.I've also noticed a bit of what I must presume is the nickel coating seems to come off on my fingertips after practicing for an hour or so.It almost looks like graphite on my fingers but it is nowhere near as "black" as the oxidation I've seen from low-quality strings.They also seem to have more "string squeak" when changing chords than other brands - even after generously spritzing them withFingerease Guitar String LubricantI am not qualified to say if they truly give you that "vintage tone" but they do sound decent.However, for $6 I would rather getDean Markley Blue Steel LT 2552 Electric Guitar Strings (.009-.042)or save some money and go withD'Addario EXL120 Electric Guitar Strings, Super Light, 9-42.EvenErnie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42)seem to feel better to me, but I am a Da-Dairy-O man, for now.
all 12 of mine broke within a year and the jacks got bent pretty easily. so I switched back to the plastic ones which have lasted me over 2 yearsHosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Packand they are still going strong.
Well, i have another Strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. Anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... If you want something to just practice with this is what  you should get. I recommend it!
Bought this with my first guitar just to have anything to hang it from. It does the job. Nothing at all fancy about this strap. Two faux leather ends, some nylon web and a triglide. Will do the job until you find the one of your dreams.
I got two of these but wish I had got better ones. Using them on the Black thinline and the Washburn classical.
Kind of cheap and digs into the neck a bit but I only use it for walking around the house strumming when I am playing my secondary guitars.  It's fine for the price.
This strap is not a bad one, but it just did not fit my guitar, so that is the only problem. I have a classical guitar and sadly, this strap does not fit it.
I got an ernie ball strap instead of a planet waves strap
It fits good and came in the color i expected. But there was one thing wrong. The strap had a small stain. I don't know why? It said it was brand new. But maybe not.
The power supply which is not included is a funky size, it does seem to work with a standard pedal power supply but I wouldn't recommend it only because it is not the proper size.  The guy that was using this was using it with a Fender Telecaster, and a single 12&#34; tube amp.  He found that the volume was cut by ~ 15-20% even with the pedal turned all the way up.  Any time a pedal allows for volume loss , it tends to effect tone & yes, Mr. Sound Engineer, &#34;tone&#34; is a real thing!The pedal is pretty bulky and won't fit well in most pedal boards, but it's not any more wide than the Morley, but it seems to be taller, longer, and heavier.I gave it 3 stars because, &#34;It's Okay&#34;, but it is far from great, and I would not buy this product again.  I understand the price is cheap, and if this is all you can afford, then go for it, but if you have the extra cheese, spread it.
I've wired and rewired countless guitars and have had a couple fail recently. Don't know if their QC has gone downhill or what. I didn't send them back because they're usually around $10 but it's disconcerting when a Fender product unexpectedly fails. It would have 5 stars but for the recent failures.
A bit wimpy, but so far they are holding up.
Back plate has a "greenish" tint, and is single ply, not 3-ply as advertised.Color wasnt as advertised, its more of an "off-white" than a vintage cream. But I guess its close enough considering the price.Shipping took far too long. (Not sure if Music123 or USPS is to blame for that, but Id go with USPS)Besides those minor faults, the items fit well and look good.My 2006 Strat now has the look of a '57, without the huge price tag.
I was happy it was made in the USA but was missing switch tip and had two cracked knobs. Might have happen in shipping but switch tip wasn't done by shipping.
I purchased this for my love of playing guitar. I like blues style and classic rock. This 25 watt amp will get the job done. It is not to be expected as a high quality amp by any means. After a few months of playing the bass knob just blew. So I had no bass control. Arrived pretty fast and had no issues as far as tears or dings in the packaging. You just have to mess around with the knobs to get the tone you want. Took me like half an hour to get the right amp settings.This amp is rated 75 watts, so technically you could upgrade the speaker to say a 50 watt (into 8 ohm). I would definitely recommend upgrading the speaker to a celestion or Jensen. I'd recommend it, but don't buy it if your looking for a really decent tone. It's just a practice amp.
Base is heavy and sturdy so your mics won't topple over. But an arm on it and that could be a different story. The action on the height adjust was a little finicky for me but not enough for me to worry about. While I appreciate the weight of the base, I do kind of wish there was a lighter solution to keeping it stable with a heavy mic mounted on an angle.
these are good. I dont see that they are any better than other basic strings in their price range.  they all work well.  length of being brillant is somewhat limits, but it appears to be in most of these level of strings.
For the price of these strings, you can't go wrong. However, compared to Elixers, the sound just isn't as &#34;full.&#34;
Decent strings but the little E string broke while I was stringing the guitar.Other than that, they appear OK.Nothing to rave about.
These strings honestly aren't for rhythm. They bend too easily, making rhythm playing impossible. On the plus side, for soloing, you can't go wrong with these. Honestly, I would get the Hybrid Slinkys over these.
I'll re rate this item if my problem is fixed but maybe this is normal??  I have a Vox ac30hw2x and I put this jj 12ax7 into v1.  I have a significant volume/gain reduction now.  I know it's the tube because I can put the stock ruby back into v1 and the volume/gain is back.  I haven't checked yet but I'd say there is a 40-50% loss in volume.  I was thinking maybe this is a higher headroom tube?? It's not stamped to be one so that's why I'm confused.  Is it typical of JJ to have more headroom? I'm not digging this tube so far so back in goes the Ruby.
These tubes just aren't for me. They don't sound great...kind of flat and lifeless. Also unreliable. One (out of 7) arrived DOA and another has failed since.
Received a new 500w Hartke 2x10 bass combo at church, tube pre and ss power amp. The preamplifier has one 12AX7. It was an EH. It went very microphonic after about ten hours playing time. After talking to Larry Hartke, decided I got a bad tube. He would not send a warranty replacement. My suggestion - new stock tubes are probably not tested prior to installation. Replace all stock tubes with tested tubes from someone like Doug's tubes, tube depot, eurotubes, or some other reputable tube vendor. I don' t trust ebay tubes and won't spend the hard earned cash on NOS. Replaced with a JJ, but should have used a Tungsol reissue.
I would say this stand is for the occasional user who doesn't put more weight than a few sheets of paper on it.The top part is not secured. It just slides on the tip of the tripod. Pick it up and carry it around, it'll come apart and scratch your Stradivarius.The foot is horrible: It sort of hooks in place with a little clamp. That means, you get ONE position. And that one doesn't look like it will live very long.Comes in a pouch, which helps to put it away.Spend more if you can.
As far as tried and true distortion pedals go, this is really just average. The filter doesnt have enough of an impact on the pedal to provide a truly large range from fuzz to metal distortion. Compared to other distortion pedals, it really fails in this regard. However, if used as a fuzz pedal instead, it truly shines, since this is really what it is. Does it have distortion? Yes. Is it valuable as such? Not in my opinion. It isnt condensed enough to be used strictly as that. Another gripe I have is the 9 volt slot. Most pedals use a universal design which allows you to use almost any power supply. Not so with this pedal. You are pretty much relegated to their own adapter or batteries, which sux IMO, especially since I run all my pedals off an adapter chain.Anyways, while this is fun to play with, you should definitely consider the sound you are going for. If you prefer to play a more grungy or 70's era metal, then this will work for you. For more crisp sound, you should look elsewhere. IMO
Tried it, didn't like it, returned it. Just not my cup of tone, that's all. I have more use for an overdrive.
I does the job that I wanted it for. Just to keep picks in my guitar case. It's okay but it could be better.
I like the product, i like the idea to have something that can hold the picks so they dont get lost, i thought that it could hold a few more picks. I think i putted about 7 picks in it, but hey, it works and i would buy it again.I forgot to say that there is double sided tape on the back if you want to put it on your guitar (thats what i did, it looks good and durable).Also, It's Cheap!!!!!
I ordered the one in the photo, with brown sides and got a standard black one.  I have the black one on my Fender Stratocaster and wanted the brown one for my acoustic.  Unfortunately they sent the wrong one but I'll use it anyway.  It's also not the same size as the one in the photo, much wider.I wish I had the right one as the one I got doesn't match the guitar.  I know if I put up a fuss they would send the right one, but it would cost more to send this back than I paid for it.I will say that these are a must have if you're tired of searching for picks.  Finish playing, slide your pick into this and it's there when you play again.
It's a great pick holder, but I'm not fond of the sticky background.  Something 'clip-on' would have been more useful.
I've never had these before until recently. I ordered a set and it worked so well that I BOUGHT a couple more. The couple more that came in had a wider slot on them. I thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until I started moving some PICS AROUND. Turns out the wider opened ones might work but not as well. This Picks fall out way easier than the smaller slotted ones.
I was hoping the Lemon oil would be what I needed to get that crud off some of my guitar fingerboards but, it's not very good at that. I suggest cleaning with a detergent first and then let it dry. Once clean, the lemon oil does a good job of sealing the wood - even where years of playing have taken their toll. It's a good finish but, not the place to start. The product is not meant to be used on maple. Don't know why but, not an issue since most of my instruments are rosewood or other dark, exotic woods. So far, so good.
not bad, if you dont use any batteryand use a 9vdc adapter thingie...make sure thingie outputs at least500 mA if you can ...tried mic, bass, and electric guitar and keyboardsthru this thing...all workand the distortion control... mostlly notnecessary for me, but others will find thatcontrol  is use ful too...it is a cutie and works for fun,and u might get loudness around 90 dBA onsome frequencies...  not bad at all...even got a headphone connect on it forlate nite playing...a good thing. for the price it is worth...
Alright strings. Nothing too spectacular about them.  I'm a fan of beefier lows and thinner highs but at the end of the day they're still slinks.
I prefer Shar's Overture premieres which are the same price.  These ones are a little too &#34;bright&#34; in sound and not deep or resonant enough.  Also bear in mind these are not dominants which are clearly far superior - but for which you would be paying $50 a set.
I play guitar.  I bought one each of the various thicknesses of these picks a few years ago.  They're very interesting.  These are soft rubber with a little bit of give, so they really soften your attack and cut higher frequencies, similar to using your thumb, but not exactly.  I still pull one of these out every once in awhile.  In certain applications, getting a particular sound for a song, say, these could be exactly what you're looking for.  Overall these are well made, and the ones I bought will probably last me forever, but these would never work for me as a main pick.  I'm glad I tried them though, as I have nothing else remotely like them.
I am a converted guitar player and I like playing with a pick.  I like that sharp thwack sound.  But the tone can be a little harsh, so I got these.  They are much quieter than a hard pick but the tone is not the same as bare fingers.  For me, they were a waste of money.
not my style but they work ok. thought i would give them a try. shipping was quick and i know a lot of players that like them just not for me
I've tried all 3 types of these, and they're pretty much as-advertised.  I don't really find a huge difference in tone between the relative hardnesses of the rubber, but it is there to a small degree.  To me these are too dull sounding for an acoustic.  Well, they don't sound bad, but if you then switch to a normal pick you'll notice the upper and upper-mid harmonics that are being de-emphasized by the duller attack.  It doesn't sound bad, and in certain applications it would be fine. I wouldn't want it to be my everyday acoustic tone, though.THey fare much better with electric guitar, where the difference in attack can be less notable, but you'll still notice the loss of some "sparkle".  But for the most part I found the sound very agreeable and useable.  The pick tends to catch on the strings a bit - there's more friction, of course - but it's just something to get used to.The bottom line:  I like these, and they'll probably last me almost forever, but I don't really see them becoming my go-to picks.  I like the thickness and the feel (they won't slip out of your hand while playing) but the loss in high end is just enough that I don't think I want to limit myself in that way, except for certain situations.  I tend to switch back and forth between a pick and fingers anyway, so I already get a sound similar to this by using my fingers.  Worth a try, though, and you just might find a keeper if you need to tame an amp or guitar that's just a bit too bright.  You know, at higher volumes, too, it's easy for the high frequencies to be emphasized, and these might work better in a live setting where you've got your amp cranked up.
I like the medium version of these picks a lot, & I just ordered some hard ones at the 3.1mm thickness--which is pretty thick, by the way.  So only plan on using these on basses and acoustic guitars unless your electric has an unusually wide neck and heavy strings.  These soft ones have too much give in my opinion, which makes them more difficult to handle--it's great that they eliminate pick noise, but these softer ones want to cling to the strings and require the player to make too many adjustments.  My verdict:  go with medium or hard version.
This is another adapter that I rarely use and now that I have a digital mixer I am not sure if I will ever get much use out of them with my rig. Traveling about to use some other rig though you never know what you might run into so I plan on keeping these little artifacts for a while longer.
As the digital realm and the audio realm become one things like these will become increasingly rare. You will always find a place that does not keep up with the times though.That alone is a good enough reason to keep stuff like this around for now.
This mic stand is solid and a good value, but it's a one trick pony. The picture that is currently featured at the top of the listing here is incorrect (the stand comes with 5/8&#34; threads and does not come with an adapter). Not a huge deal if you're using a standard mic clip.The height is about 4.5&#34; inches total and I'm using mine to mic a kick drum right at the port. If you plan on using the stand for an amp or to mic something on a podium or desktop, I'd highly recommend you check out the adjustable desktop mic stand from On Stage. I have one of those too, but it was too tall (even at it's shortest setting) to mic my drum port, but the adjustable height is very handy.
I had to send my first one back. The second one is working fine so far. I've noticed it works better with some DAWs than others, also. If you are having problems with it, it could be you DAW software. It works great with Reaper.
This is a great guitar once you change the strings, as suggested. Great portability for the price.HOWEVER - having read reviews across multiple sites, I too am a victim of the HORRIBLE glue smell that so many others have complained about. I really liked the guitar, so I purhcased it from two separate retailers, but had to return both due to the horrific smell. I even tried contacting the manufacturer to send a "smell-free" case... And they sent a case. But it stunk too. It's a shame, I had to return them, because they were nice little guitars.
I bought this strap to use on an acoustic dreadnought guitar. I would have given this item 5 stars but even fully extended it is about 3&#34;-4&#34; too short. As for the quality of the strap, I love the look and feel of the leather. It has a worn and aged texture that looks great and it would be very comfortable to wear while playing if it were longer.My 2 cents in summary- I think for a classical acoustic guitar or for an electric, this strap would work much better. If you have a larger sized guitar, find a longer strap.
Reviews described strap as &#34;soft&#34; and &#34;weathered&#34; which sounded good to me.  Actual description is a blasted &#34;design&#34; which is what you get.  Strap is quite stiff, but I'd say it's worth the price.  I would have preferred something different.
I bought this as a gift for a friend he was really happy with it but, I have a completely different view. The AT2020 is a pretty bright mic which sounds good at first but once you layer tracks on top of each other it can sound very harsh. Second it is not a true large diaphragm condenser. It is a very good mic for people starting out in music or just using it for podcasts, but there are a bunch of better mics near this price. Two that come to mind are the MXL V67g and Studio projects B1 (stay away from the studio projects C1) both exceptional microphones for the price. Although there is one mic you that is a bit more expensive but is absolutely amazing, the MXL 2003a. A lot of people have claimed the studio projects C1 sounds like the Neumann u87 it doesn't, the MXL 2003a however sounds very similar and is easily the best LDC mic under $500. With that being said the AT2020 is not a bad microphone but it is not great, to people who have just used built in mics on there computer or camera this will blow them away but as time goes on they will learn the limitations of this microphone.Although to be fair I have a lot of experience in pro audio and production, so I maybe a bit overly critical. One thing is for sure though; there are definitely better mics in or near this price range.
As far as banjo strings go, these are a good bang for the buck, or were when I got them. D'Addario makes a pretty consistant product, I've used them on everything over the years, although I prefer certain brands for other things. Strings are cheap for the most part and easy to experiment with. These are also amazingly enough still made in the USA as well.If you buy a cheap instrument here, do yourself a favor and get a decent set of strings as chances are they'll be strung with trash if it's a lower end instrument from China. Even if you're starting out you should tell the difference right away.
This fog machine puts out a good amount of fog but it takes several minutes to warm up.  The fog dissipates pretty quickly and the machine has a hard time keeping up to keep the room foggy.  It's ok but not the best fog machine out there.
Recieved this item today in preparations for a halloween party, upon installation and testing, the unit blew a fuse..Going to buy another fuse to see if it was a random thing, if not, I'll be returning mine.. will update...UPDATE.. Radio Shack carries the correct fuses for this unit, upon changing the fuse the unit works as expected..Leaks a bit while using , so dont stand under it...But most on these things leak anyway..
Great for video/photo work or even theater. It won't handle well at a large space. If you are a light fog, this is the job for almost any situation.What I'll be using it forDj work to show laser beams and light beamsVideo work - use it to make a hoax car crash or meteor crash site (that's what you are seeing in movies)Photo work - not so much for general photography because it can make people think you shot at too high of an ISO.
The price was right so I got one.  Does the trick for the beginner or for sheets of music.  Books don't do so well and prove to be top heavy most of the time, even some smaller ones.  Strictly for practice.
Not crazy about having to pay shipping that amounted to half the purchase price for the stand, not to mention having to wait five days for it to arrive. No assembly instructions were included in the packaging. I've never owned something like this before, so that was annoying. Luckily, some nice pictures were posted on the web page and I was able to figure it out from there. Once I got it put together, and placed my beloved guitar in the thing, I got happier. It looks nice and holds the guitar safely (padding protects the guitar finish). I'd recommend this stand to others, but be aware of shipping, tax and consider the possibility it will arrive with no assembly instructions. Not that you have to be a rocket scientist to put it together, still...
It's okay. I've bought stands for less that were more balanced and sturdy, and the little &#34;safety&#34; strap is a nuisance more than a help.
Got what I paid for.  Worth the money, definitely.  Sturdy and stable and I need more words so I can ...done
You get what you pay for. This is a no-nonsense cheap guitar stand. Its adjustable, padded, and has a nifty rubber band that holds the neck of your axe so when you, a stage groupie, or your clumsy drummer trip on it, the whole mess falls over. This is perfect for your Fender Starcaster or screaming pink Hello Kitty guitar. This is not a good choice for your prized 1968 Jimi Hendrix Strat or 1964 Eric Clapton Gibson ES335. You might want to consider something a bit more sturdy for those.
Seems to get a bit of dust up off the surface of the record, but frankly, the old Discwasher type with the fluid does a much better job.  Better yet is to clean your records well with warm water and dish soap (and a new paint brush), then rinse them well and dry with a clean micro fiber cloth.  Just try not to get the labels wet.
The strap locks do work... But they are kind of a pain. They are fairly large, and when I installed the second one, the pieces kept coming apart. They go back together easily, but I had to install one piece at a time.The strap lock required some effort to install on a thick leather strap, I really had to squeeze it into place.It feels safe and secure.
It's an ok product for the price but they are weak and with a very small amount of force they will pop off.
I purchased this item and immediatly noticed upon arrival that the slits in which the strap go into are way too small for a typical strap. Way too small, maybe like a third of the width. I just have a normal planet waves strap, and it does not fit. However, it does hold the XDS transmitter nicely and securely. So looks like I will have to get creative with duct tape or something.UPDATE:When attached with rubber bands to my planet waves strap, it stays on pretty snugly. But you need to attach it with something.
Most of the time I am able to use the G7 capo with one hand when moving it, adjusting it, and clamping it in place. However, sometimes I have to use both hands to squeeze it in place so the strings don't buzz. That may seem like not such a big deal, but I prefer to have an easier one to work with. I have small hands, and an old carpal injury, so I prefer to have as little strain as possible to place the capo. This one is better than the any of the clasping kinds (Keysers, etc) in that respect. After a couple of playing sessions, I figured out how best to use this capo with just one hand most of the time. Now that I've learned how best to use it, I'll keep it. When I first got it I was upset that I had to use 2 hands and forcible squeezing to put in place, but now I've learned how to work it better so that I can do most of it with one hand without too much strain.A capo should: be easy to remove and put on, stay in tune, not hurt the hands (no 2 handed squeezing), not interfere with playing when inserted, and it shouldn't break too soon (have at least several months to a year before breaking if at all).On the plus side, this unit seems pretty well made, so it should last a long time. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically.I've tried so many capos now, and the only ones I liked were the Planet Waves screw tops, they are easy to use, easy to move from fret to fret, light on the hands, stay in tune and out of the way, but they break in damp California weather (I've had 4 of them break on me, within a couple months. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do.If you have small hands like me, and don't want to strain the hands while playing, like me, then that rules out the Kysers and any of the squeezing type of capos. The Shubs fall off and are a hassle all around to take off and on and adjust, and the springtop ones are suspect as well. That's why I like the screwtops that don't get in the way and are easy to adjust. Ok, I hope the Dunlop Victor will do the job for me now, I'll try it next.
If you have a better mic, you can plug that into the transmitter as it's a simple mini jack (1/8&#34;) and that helps this sound wise quite a bit!  I will say range is not great, it won't go 500 feet like my expensive Sennheiser kit but this will go about 30 feet line of sight before  cutting out.Note it's VHF, not UHF so it is more prone to interference.I find the transmitters' to be cheap and the battery cover does not fit all that well.  I also wish it was an XLR connection.  A lock on the plug to the transmitter would also have been nice and note the clip and all that is plastic so don't toss this around or it WILL break.For general use in doors, it's decent and for sure worth the price...but if you're looking for something clear, you should look to spend at least $500 on a wireless lapel or handheld system.
I will let you know that I've been using boom stands for 35 years and that I write this so you can make an informed decision. I'm loyal to the audio community and the industry has already put one of my kids through college.I see half of this stand as being just fine but the boom is not very good. I particularly don't think the horizontal axis point is very good, I mean where you adjust the angle of the boom. It's a cheap version of a simple design and I suspect the day will come that you're trying to figure how to keep it from drooping, the problem being that the surface area is much smaller creating less friction and more tightening until something's got to give. The tightening screws to slide it also seem pretty poor and I'd predict someday you'll be going from duct tape to replacing it. I base this more on my experience in sound reinforcement, which is harder on equipment than recording and because I own both types of businesses. The boom in general isn't a nice one and will always be 32 inches because it isn't telescoping and uses a pretend plastic counterweight, so you're mainly purchasing the stand. On Stage has a better line they call the 9700 vs this 7700 series.9701B Pro Tripod Microphone Boom StandJust like you can't compare the price of a used compact car with a new full size pickup, this one is so inexpensive (too inexpensive?) that price comparisons aren't what's important, so looking at Amazon today I'd probably buy the 9700MS9701TB TeleBoom Microphone Standor this one,DR Pro Mic Stand Telescoping Boomor maybe try this oneHosa MSB-521BK Mic Stand with BoomI haven't tried that stand but since Hosa generally sells good inexpensive products I'd be inclined to give it a try. I think you'll end up spending more money on your next stand and you might as well do it once instead of twice. I'd pay attention to the 2 and 3 star reviews because you'll find more from experienced users and the most helpful 5 star do not say how long they've been using it but love how inexpensive it is. Ignore that it doesn't come with a mic clip because usually they don't, clips come with microphones or can be purchased separately. All but the best stands will fall over when unbalanced, so plan on putting weight on a leg if you're using a heavy mic like a condenser or spending a lot more money. $100+ will buy you a studio boom although a counterweight, like what's used on a cymbal boom will help any boom stand and could be created with a little imagination. As for the cheap cord clips, just forget them and buy these, they'll attach to a stand or cord and work excellent (no leftover duct tape glue).Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping TiesBut understand my position, I've got stands purchased 20 years ago that I can still use and don't feel the lowest price is always the best value, but you're intelligent so you know an $80 stand used for 20 years is $4/year, I use stands almost everyday and I don't think this would last me a year and maybe only months. But if1. You don't care about a telescoping boom and2. You don't plan to adjust it much and3. You use a average weight mic or4. You're alright with replacing the boom when neededThis stand could be fine for you now if you can't budget a higher quality stand and it will surely work for some. I did give it 3 stars but 2 are for the product and 1 is for the price. So I hope all of this helps you with your decision.*I've now purchased and reviewed theOn Stage 9701Band recommend checking it out*
It's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. We use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. For the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.Of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what I've experienced.It's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.Seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.If you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price).
i mean, sure they get the job done, but there're 2 things i'm not too convinced about.. first stability, you have to be very very careful as how you distribute the microphone's weight, and be pretty careful not to rotate it even a litlle bit, otherwise, you'll find yourself with a shure sm-58 with a dent, like myself. and second... i haven't had actually any bad experience with this, but don't seem to be that strongly built. for those 2 reasons i changed to hercules.
Screws are starting to wear out after about 3 months of use. The black covering of the metal is starting to show wear. To be expected, but I'm sure you'll appreciate hearing that this is not one of those miracle deals where you get something amazing for the money. It is what it is, and not much more.
This is a fine stand for the price, but I was honestly surprised at how light it is. I honestly think On Stage might have been making these progressively lighter over the years and now offer a heavier duty one at a higher price. I do use this stand, but I wish I would have sprung for the heavier duty version and probably will in the near future. It works fine, just keep in mind it is not the heavy duty all metal construction stand of the past.
This could be used for lightweight microphones but don't bother wasting your money if you're using a studio microphone. The base has a small circumference, so you can't stick the boom out very far at all, almost useless. There are better deals for just slightly more money. Or if you really want near studio quality, try the Samson studio boom mic stands.
I love a lot of Danelectro products, but not really this one, i give it 3/5 because it works as advertised.The features are good. True Bypass requires a 9v wall plug, and adjustments are good.BUT HERE'S MY ISSUE- The Distortion is not 'Crunchy.' It distorts, sure, but the sound is not dimensional... it has no depth to it.Thats fine for someone who is playing one of the various metal genres, but i play a lot of blues-rock... I ended up switching to a Vintage-Tube overdrive by behringer.Not for me, maybe for you.
It's not bad. It would be better if I bought one large enough for my finger. Still, I'd rather stick with a Copper slide.
A little small for my taste, very thin, but works well and Dunlop products have always peased me as a professional musician.
Clear sounding slider works pretty good in the studio. I did drop it a couple times (ok, maybe more than a couple) on the wood floors of stages without a problem. Then one day, in the frigidly cold outdoors, I dropped it on a concrete floor and it completely shattered, oops.
I didn't know how Pure nickel was different than other nickel wraps.  I was origianlly disappointed in the sound.
&#34;Nice for the price&#34; ... practical, everyday useable. Money well spent on this one for sure. Glad I did it.
Simple nylon guitar strap with pick pocket and leather tabs at each end.  Appropiately priced.  Good value.  Not fancy, but who needs a fancy strap for a $90 guitar?  Arrived before projected delivery date. The leather ends are VERY stiff and VERY difficult to use.  Takes a good deal of effort to get them on and off the guitar.
Well, here's what i have to say, this strap is much shorter than im used to, but seeing how I bought this for an off guitar, that's ok. They really should put the length in the description, the length is 53" max, where I like my straps to be 64" max.It is a hard strap to get on the guitar, (I do not suggest getting this strap withDunlop Dual Design Straplok System, Nickel), these are great locks, BUT almost impossible to install on this strap.Overall great buy for a cheap little money saver.
This guitar strap is very stiff and cuts into my neck.  Also, the &#34;pick pocket&#34; is only useful when the strap is around your neck.  When you remove the strap, any picks in the pocket fall out.  It is OK, definitely not great.
There are other guitar straps that are nearly the same quality for half the price. The thing about this one is that it has a pocket to hold a few picks, which is quite useful. I also like the leather ends, because they dont shift and move around quite as much as my old plastic-ey one did. Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase.
This isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. The pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however I don't find myself using it often. The guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. Recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. Don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it.
The C has the same numbered base plate top and bottom, so the numbers are totally opposite on each side. I see what people mean about the taste, but that's hardly a problem as I knew what I was purchasing. Overall, reasonably satisfied, will give them a good try later.
I don't play these myself, I bought them for my daughter. They look kinda flimsy but for the price, they are ok for beginners to play.
I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright.  The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud.  YMMV.
These strings are just okay - they last about 4 months and then they start to fray a little bit.
Guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  Will need to check them next week or so.
I really like this product as it comes complete with all functions anyone needs. I just miss the "mecanical" click of a mechanic metronome. The rest is just great. i've bought a cable which allows me to connect the metronome to my line6 amp and the result is much much better.
Pros: It's a good tuner, it's a good metronome, and it's a great combination package. The flip-out stand on the back makes it easier to see than when it's lying flat. The metronome has excellent selections of different rhythms and is easy to program.Cons: the buttons on the front are raised on top of other raised areas, and it's too easy to accidentally turn the unit on. The tuning sound activated once in my pocket while I was sitting in the audience at a band contest. Also, unlike the CA-30 tuner, this one favors higher notes strongly over bass and makes it difficult to tune low instruments in a noisy environment.Also, it quit working suddenly after about a year. Other people I know who've had this tuner have complained about lack of durability.
Tuner works as it should-- almost a little too precisely (it's pretty sensitive).The metronome will drive you crazy.  It has various beats which is a nice touch, but the sounds are horrible.  Think of the most sterile electronic clicks/beeps you can and then add nails-on-chalkboard for good measure.  There are much better sounding metronomes out there.  I bought this Korg for the tuner function and that's about all I'll use it for.
For those of you who are doing jangly pop stuff or real peaky, bitey blues material (think Albert Collins), this will likely add a little, and I mean A LITTLE, extra oomph to your sound. It sounds like it uses a touch of reverb and a dash of the higher end of the mids to make cleans sound more sparkling. But you should also be able to get the same sounds out of a Hughes and Kettner Statesman 40 or 60 watt amp, too, just running it straight.To me, from what I have heard, it adds nothing to those who use a fair amount of distortion in their music. It definitely doesn't add any more fatness. So my overall impression is that what this box provides is the same thing that some people swear they get out of copper bracelets for their arthritis or feeling better with an increased Vitamin E regimen. In other words, this is a matter of what is in your head and how suggestable you are.Most musicians already use EQ and reverb and by careful tweaking of those two things you can obtain what you think you're getting out of this pedal, I think.
Look, it's a plastic box that's just 5.5&#34; square and 2.5&#34; deep, with a cheap three-inch speaker inside. It produces decent sound, although there's substantial background hiss and it has a nasty habit of picking up digital &#34;static&#34; from my computer. It's OK as a practice amp, but I certainly wouldn't want to perform with it. In short, it's only a small step above toy level, which is what you'd expect for a twenty-dollar amp. That doesn't mean it's not useful, but you need to be realistic about what you're getting here.
Don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. I think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and I had to throw in new batteries. But if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip.
You have to turn the knobs every time you want to use this. What a pain. Oh well, it was cheap enough to have around.
This is a nice little tuner. It is small, easy to read and use. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. It has a green LED and large mark for being on target. It has a built-in mic for acoustic instruments, and a mono 1/4 inch phone jack for electric instruments. It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. If you have any vision problems, the display might be an issue. The LCD is about 1 1/2 inches long and 3/4 of an inch high, and, like all non-backlit LCD displays, has a narrow viewing angle and reflection issues.I wanted this for tuning didgeridus that I was making, and it works adequately for that. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. As it is, it gives you the note and cents sharp or flat, but does not give an octave number or frequency of the sound. So, you know you are tuned to a C, you just don't know exactly which C it is. Probably not much of an issue if you are tuning a regular instrument, but in some cases would be very handy to know. I suppose with more training and experience, I could learn to tell that by ear. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. Other than that, it seems to work well. It is consistent, easy to use, and compact. I consider it about average in value - it does the basics well but is missing what I consider an important function in such a device. I may be expecting too much for the price, as I have not done an exhaustive study of tuners and their specs. Having the octave feature would make it 4 stars for me instead of three.In any case, if you don't need to know the actual octave or frequency but just the accuracy of the notes you are tuning, this works quite well, and is not very expensive.
The Keyboard Bench is lower than I anticipated.  The seat is very soft and comfortable.  However, it doesn't appear to hold anyone with excess weight.
It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made.  However, if you need to haul it around frequently, it takes a bit of time to set up and screw down or open up the screws that hold the moving stability bar on the bottom of the seat. Also, if you need to adjust the height, you have to remove the entire bolt assembly seen at the crossing point of the bars, and then select one of three holes that are only an inch or some apart from each other.  So, not much selection there.
It isn't top of the line but it gets the job done. I wouldn't abuse of the chair too much though, the material looks a little floosy.
i feel strange giving this classic only 3 stars.  but it's just not for me.  it's large and takes up space on my pedal board.  i prefer the little big muff
I owned this pedal for many years, before finally trading it in on some other equipment.  It produces one sound extremely well, but it only does that one thing.  The sound it does very well is the late 60's/early 70's fuzz sound: "White Room, Black Curtains"; "Satisfaction"; "Ina Gadda da Vida".  Note:  this pedal produces very good sustain, but has really bad attack.  As such, it will not really do the "Whole Lotta Love" sound.  As I said, it does one thing very well, but its range even with classic rock is quite limited.  If you plan to cover songs with that classic fuzz sound, this pedal gets you 100% of that sound.  If you want to also cover other classic rock, you're gonna need at least one more overdrive/distortion effect.
It's noisy, but if you find out how to equalize the tone and volume, it works fine. I bought it cause Gilmour uses this effect but certainly the one he uses must be of a much more better quality product.
This seems like a nice product, but maybe I'm doing something wrong.  I can't get the bottom guitar support to lock in place.  It twists around and that makes it a little hard to put the guitar in place.  Maybe there is something I need to do differently?
The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the " plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs.
Some of the complaints are well warranted about this cheap unit.  First of all I had to fumble around with it for almost 15 minutes to get it to open straight because it seems like I got a previously-returned unit that some other customer must have bent the arms the wrong way along the joints and I was careful not to manhandle it because I could tell it would break if bent it the wrong way with too much force.  I was about to give up but I felt bad to do the return because I didnt want to make Amazon lose money and this is a weird shaped box and probably costs over $8 in postage to send back to them.But eventually I figured it out.  I am a 5 ft 10 inches tall man and this stand is tall enough because I opened it all the way and there was still an inch or 2 to spare if I wanted to raise it to the maximum.  Looks like those complaining about the height did not realize that all 3 segments can be stretched out to reveal the full height (They probably only raised 2 out of the 3 segments).So for the price I think you get what you pay for and since I just want a stand that will stay in my bedroom at home I think this unit will suffice but if you plan to travel around with it or if you are getting it for a kid under 18 years old I recommend you buy a sturdier unit than this because they will probably break it in short order.  And then you will be out the fifteen bucks plus have to buy a new one.The truth is that its a flimsy piece of junk, okay for a responsible adult that will treat it with great care (such as myself) but not for children or drunks, it is very fragile and easy to break.  I took the advice and tightened the adjustment knobs for height only finger tight without great force as previous reviewers attest that it is easy to strip out the bolt if you over-tighten so be very, very careful.I will keep mine but if I had to purchase a second unit I would not buy this one because I dont like flimsy junk and I feel even my large dog could knock this down and break the dang thing.
It may be a challenge to assemble it.I personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how I am wired.I am not 'good' at putting things together without help.Good product after you get it assembled.James :)
This stand is a little difficult to open.  The top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  Other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it.
This pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo I expected. I doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old Dan Echo DE-1 pedal.  That certainly explains the difference in price. You get what you pay for. I'm using it with a Fender Eighty-Five solid state amp. I tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. If you're looking for a good slap echo effect, I would recommend spending more money and buy the Dan Echo DE-1 pedal or even the Danelectro BLT slap echo pedal is less expensive than the Dan Echo, but still sounds better than the FAB echo pedal. The FAB echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. It's just not as good as I expected. I'm sorry I bought it and I don't recommend this pedal. There are much better ones on the market. Shop around.
I'm sure this isn't the best echo pedal (or even in the top 100), but it serves it's purpose fairly well. Stacking with other cheap danelectro pedals will degrade your tone but it isn't something that most of us can't live with. for 14.99 us it's worth taking the risk IMHOUpdate: The pedal gave up the ghost (died) In a relatively short amount of time. I replaced it with  mini modtone type delay.... I actually like the dano sound better, but the modtone will do for a slapback and it is built way better.
good price for effect  if your looking for a bit of echo then this is for you.  I have amps that have this feature that due a better job.
the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for.
its sound pretty good .. i mean , the range /rate arent as broad as others i've tried ..but i stomp on it regularly.. it cuts my signal a bit .. so i compensate ,,an always leave a bit of extra volume in the bank to make it up..all in all=worth it.
Guardian?  Well, it is padded, but I've only gigged once since having the item (with 3 rehearsals held prior) and I can say that the case is nicked up "pretty good," as they say in the South.  Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane.  Now, that's for flight cases to handle, but don't even come near abusing your instrument while it is housed inside this case, because you may be disappointed to have to buy new parts once the "guardian" fails to guard against crushing your hardware.  This item is not one of the better cases out there, but it does suffice, and it does look good.  The first day I got it, someone said, "nice case, it looks great!"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB.
This is a typical inexpensive hardshell guitar case made in China.  I bought it to replace the original (chipboard) case for a 1963 Gibson ES-135 archtop.  Lower bout is 16&#34; wide, upper bout is 12&#34; wide, body is 21 &#34; long, and it's about 5&#34; deep at the bridge.  Fits very snugly in this case which is what I was hoping for.  The case is about 4&#34; longer than the top of the headstock but I didn't expect an exact fit.  The wood shell is thin so don't drop anything on it but it is also lighter than a lot of other cases.  Normal plush fake fur inside with about 3/4 of soft foam all around.  Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay.  This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use.  Only annoying thing: the case arrived locked.  The keys were, of course, inside the case.  Dumb.  A friend at a music store used a key from another Guardian case to unlock it.  A good reminder that the case latch lock is to keep the latch from popping open and NOT to keep crooks out.
I like this product, but wish it had a wider foot or base to it for carpeted areas, it does get a little unstable on carpet.  Does fine on hard floors.
Simple and useful rack stand. Easy to assemble. Easy to mount rack components... but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. A little more interest in the manufacture means more quality.
I like this preamp. I use one channel for microphone and the other for an electric guitar with good results.Is very sadly and spendthrift that its useful life will be the duration of its tube, another concept of producci&oacute;n nothing considered with consumer and planet.
Don't like that it's difficult to change the tube.  Sound quality was not what I expected, maybe because I wasn't familiar with the settings.  No power cord was included in mine or manual.  Manual should have been include not sure about the cord.  Dials are very small.  My MIC200 and MIC800 are much better than this.  I can't say it's bad.  Just that there are better choices in my opinion.
the knobs seem very easy to over tighten, I haven't done it yet but I'm planning on treating this stand with the utmost care so as not to have any surprises when I put my expensive PA speaker on it
These picks break way too easy.  I only play a few times a week but they dont seem to last long when playing for more than a few hours at the time.
even though i ordered large...still not fitting...will do a little homework to try to get this reemed out a little more to fit...i do not have giant hands so large should fit...but not this...very well made...heavy if thats what your looking for...arrived on time..but...good luck
I heard alot about these stands and finally decided to buy one after my cheapo one fell over with my bass still on it.This is a nice looking, well designed stand and feels like it can withstand the rigors of constant use. However, the 5th time I took this to a show, I expanded it and one of the screws and nuts attaching the back leg to the support bar fell off and I never did fine the missing screw...wound up wrapping electrical tape around it to support my bass for the night. I ended up buying some screws and fixing it (which was also a pain as the nut needs to be inserted about 6 inches down the pipe and secured so you can thread the screw into it....not an easy task. I really expected better quality for $35.00 after such light use....still love it, but not to a 5 star level.
I've never bought strings before so it is kind of hard for me to rate these.  So far so good!
I did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what I ordered. Perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . This is why I give only 3 stars because is to small for me.
I like them but I love the Schaller locks more. They don't feel as secure as the Schaller locks. Sorry
A bit invasive and awkward.  I like another brand more because they feel a little more solid..  These feel a bit weak.
I just got these in and I have to say, very disappointed.  It's as if I went into a boy's shop and bought a large shirt and expected it to fit a man.  What do they call medium or small?  This "large pick"  barely goes over my thumbnail area. I can hold it, sort of, so we'll see how well it works with my hybrid plectrum project.  (BTW, I'm an average grown man, 5'7", 165)  More to come...Here we go, a few months later:  I just had a chat with a music store guy and found out that a "large" thumb pick refers to the thickness of the pick!  Bottom line, if you want a thumb pick that fits, go to a store and try before you buy!  Good luck to all.
I wear a large sized glove, so assuming that would translate, I got these.  While I can force it over my thumb, it is very tight and uncomfortable (i.e., pinches).  My thumbs don't have a particularly excessive diameter either.  I'm gonna try to heat these so I can stretch them a bit.  I know they need to be snug so the pick doesn't rotate when being used, but this is ridiculous.  Three stars because if they fit you, it is a nice pick (it would be 5 if they were described correctly for sizing).
These items, though well made, and strong, are sized rather differently to National picks - With the National, I need a Large, so I ordered Large in this item - it is, however very tight, smaller in fact than a National Medium thumb pick.Essentially a waste of money.
It'll do for setup work, and the price is right. I wouldn't recommend it for live use or for anyone who changes keys every song, its too fiddly to adjust and get firmly set. I also wouldn't recommend it for anyone just starting out. A spring clamp type capo would serve better. This one is probably best for somebody who rarely needs to use it, and just wants one one hand or to keep in the case as a back up.
I bought the capo for the guys at a correctional facility that I work for. It gets abused, so I don't look for it to last long. Would not buy it for my own guitar.
This string winder is adequate but not really solid. It gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. I had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. This is just adequate for my use.
It is a nice smaller version of the 114SI Road Pro.It would be great if it had a steel shaft.The plastic shaft feels like it will break.But it is cheeep!
this makes winding strings MUCH faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. Other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have
not your fender quality strap.  this is a cheap, extremely low quality strap.  I've had it for a few months and my guitar has not fallen yet, but I can see the wear on the end it's almost at breaking point.  I would not recommend it. It's ok as an emergency strap or to get you out of a jam, nothing else.
I decided to get this tweed strap for my 50s Telecaster Classic, but when it arrived, I was a bit let down. The tweed finish is cool enough, but the strap is very thin, and the strap ends are pretty poor quality. If they truly are made of leather, I feel sorry for the hide they came from. The leather is so hard, you almost need fingers of steel to get the eyelets spread far enough apart to get them around the guitar strap locks.This is decent for the time being, but I am definitely going to keep my eye out for something more suitable to my guitar. Feels like wearing a $10 Casio with a $1300 suit...
The harmonica barely fits the holder, and there is no adjustment for distance from the mouth to the harmonica. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it.
In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. Now, I'm definitely not one of those who automatically dismiss the quality of Chinese made products. I have, in fact, many musical items of surprisingly good quality made there. This item however has some of the good, AND some of the more stereotypical problems of Chinese goods. Pros: Cheap. Sturdy. And unlike some reviewers, I love the taller height. Far far better for you ergonomically not having to stoop and scrunch your neck and windpipe. I also like the tighter springs, though that does take a little getting used to. But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. Now, the Cons: It's true what others have said: the plastic neck tube smells. Not as bad as some have said, but an annoying chemical smell is definitely noticeable. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2" diameter). 2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. Mine was distinctly taller on one side than the other, and the neck loop was WAY off. I did my best to bend all parts to even, but the flat metal part is tough to shape. The reason I didn't return it is that I figure most of them are equally uneven: I just picture a bunch of poor souls slaving away bending these suckers by hand, with little or no machine help to ensure consistency. With the work I did on it myself, it works fine and is now fairly even, and like I said, the taller height is just about right for me. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). All this said, the bottom line is that I prefer using this OVER my German made Hohner holder because it's better ergonomically (taller), holds my harp more securely, and the traditional dual butterfly nut design just works far better and with less effort than the "nouveau" single butterfly nut design of my more expensive German Hohner. Knowing what I know of its drawbacks, I'm still tempted to pick up another as a back-up or spare. It's a great deal if you're willing to do a little work on it.
It's very small.  It's a fabric stretchy capo, the old type, that's quite difficult to stretch and make stay.  It's made with an end that you stretch the fabric over to connect to hold the capo, but the end isn't very long and I don't trust it to stay while playing for long.  I'll keep it as a spare, just in case, anyway.
it's hard to keep the loose end under the holes and since the holes are metal they can scratch the neck of the instrument. otherwise it's a good idea.
This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight.  However, while it seems stable side-to-side, the spread of the legs does not taper much at all from top to bottom, and I believe it would fall over quickly if bumped from the front or back.  This makes me nervous for live performances or close quarter practices.
This is the large? I can't see how anything any smaller could be of any use at all. The lines for the strings and frets are very close together.
I wanted to wait till I got another phono preamp before I wrote this review. I did get this from AmazonTC 754 BLACK Phono Preamplifier SwitchableI really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. The next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. I am using a vintage Garrard turntable. The rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. They are tight but do not make good contact and I need to mess with them. This problem is gone with the new preamp. Overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. If you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. It does sound ok other than being a little bright. It does do what is supposed to do.
Boosts the signal without too much noise, though not totally quiet.  Good for lead w/ single channel amps; boosting signal into effects that vary depending on signal strength--especially at lower practice volumes.  Should be INEXPENSIVE!
I had read lots of reviews about Behringer, some people had buzz and noises, etc but this is not my case. I'm not a professional and I just wanted a good mixer to connect my guitar/pedal, my tascam DR-03, my mobile as sometimes I use the Tascam to record, the mobile to reproduce and my guitar to follow.This mixer works great, NO noise, NO buzz, NO nothing but working as expected. Great product for entry level and great price for what you get.
I bought mine used.  When I got it in, it didn't work.  There was either something wrong with the power cable or the power input in the board.  Behringer uses a custom power supply, so I had no way of testing it.  I had to send it back for a refund.  I read other reviews that have had the same problem, so it seems to be an occasional issue.However, I've used one of these boards before.  The one I used back then was fantastic and everything I needed for small projects.
Behringer makes quality products - I purchased the excellent C-1 Condenser Microphone, and replaced the 302usb with the Xenyx 802 mixer board.When I researched items for a simple home recording setup, I saw all of the positive reviews for this smaller mixer, and read the item description here on Amazon and the Behringer website for the C-1 mic included what turned out to be a misleading statement about how it would work with any of the Behringer phantom-powered mixer boards.That was incorrect information - this board receives power only via USB and doesn't provide adequate phantom power for condenser mics (48v).When I setup the return of this board to Amazon, I informed of the error, and the appear to have acted very promptly on it, as the item description for the C-1 on both websites now includes an explicit statement about the need for 48 volts.Although this correction is good, it would be more helpful to customers if Behringer would also correct the description about this board associated with its wording about its phantom power capabilities to state what kinds of mics it will adequately power.I've noticed in other venues (i.e. musician and sound forums) Behringer gets a bad rap. I don't think its due to poor quality equipment, I think its due to frustration about a lack of information provided to customers both before and after the sale. Neither the Behringer website nor the included documentation with the items I bought is adequate for customers like myself who are not sound experts.
when given a budget for cheap microphones, the odds are that you cant afford to make a mistake by buying this one. I like the fact that it adds a deeper, bassier tone to any voice but it's missing clarity. If you want the low tone but also treasure your clarity, spend 30 dollars less and get an MXL 990 instead. it even comes with its own shockmount and carrying case. I hooked the 990 up to a cheap ART Tube MP preamp and after letting a few vocalists experiment with it, they agreed that the 990 was clearly superior to the V67G that was hooked up to much more expensive preamp. Some vocalists actually prefer the MXL 990 over a couple of my Shure condenser microphones.
bought this for a modest step up in vocal tracks for home recording on my 24 bit neo 2488.Ive been using the mxl990. mic would be great for the price if it wasnt defective. used it forabout 30 minutes before crackling and static started. had to go back to the 990 until all of thereturn and warranty is taken care of. i still recommend the mic though. it is hotter than the 990in its highs, but with good compression, power amp and eq the result is well worth the money.
Hey it does its job for a cheap price.  I use it put mh guitar and Harp Mic through the same rig.  It does that.  It is plastic and Im not sure its inputs are the most efficient setup, but again it works.  Which in the end is my concern.
This selector is very basic but does the job, if you need an A/B box for simple set ups give this one a try, it works for me and I dont see anything wrong with it, is simple, affordable and functional, what else can you ask for?
Not expensive. Not cheap. Not exactly what I wanted.Like most all of the Behringer items it has good points and "duh" points.If you use it as an  A/B one input to 2 outs, then you can use the 2 volume controls.  I did not need it for that.If you use it as 2 inputs and 1 out, you only control the sum out, not the individual inputs (thought you could, which is why I bought it. the 1/2 page twice translated fact sheet almost makes you think you can, but you can not.... I almost sent them back.. I bought 2 for a special set up needing to adjust the 2 input levels that I was switching).the LED indicators when using it as a 2 in - 1 out  (like 2 guitars into one amp, or in my case a mando and a midi-guitar rig into a single line in ) ...  are ...exactly backwards...  the one on the right (red) is actually the input on the left and the one on the left ( green) is the input on the right.... which makes it about as confusing to use as getting a weinersnitchel coupon that is good only at a sushi restaurant.Operation wise, no hums, no buzzes but no one left on bass.When it is all said and done, I am glad I kept them.Amazon rocks. got them in 3 days. free shipping.  where else can you take the change you find in the couch to coinstar, get a coupon with no fee and buy musical toys.  who said Santa was a scrouge.  i am just glad he took a nap and the money fell out of his pocket.
My title says it all.  I didn't like the AC adaptor.  I did work very well and was strong.  I liked how solid it was.
This device works.  Here's what it does.  You plug an electric bass into the pedal's instrument input and then you can plug a second standard instrument cable into the pedal's high impedance output jack and then plug that one into a bass amp.  You also can connect it to a low impedance microphone preamp via the 200 Ohm low impedance XLR jack out.  You can use just the high-impedance output or just the XLR output or you can use them both simultaneously.  When the "footswitch" is off it functions transparently with no tonal modification at all just like a direct box.  When the "footswitch" is on an LED light activates and the tonal boost and tube emulation functions are on.  I put "footswitch" in quotes because I use fingers to push it, but leave it on all the time for my personal purpose.  When you insert a plug into the instrument input jack the unit powers on, so if running on battery be sure to unplug the input when not actually using it.Some other functional comments about it.  It runs on 9 volt batteries or a 9-volt power supply. I used batteries for a while but switched to an ac adapter.  Battery life isn't super but satisfactory.  Still if using it a lot, I suggest using an AC adapter.  When the battery starts going it sounds awful, but you could put it into bypass mode to finish the set.  Also when the "footswitch" is off and the LED is not lit, this thing functions as a straight XLR ouput direct box for anything you plug into it.  You could patch the output of an acoustic electric guitar or the output of an electric guitar pedal board to it and use that to feed a mixer for recording direct which is a very handy feature for the home recording hobbyist!  The amp emulation and tone controls are wrong for anything other than electric bass, so just use it as a direct box with the tone/emulation circuit off for anything except bass.The controls are all rotary knobs except the Ground-Lift switch which is a slide switch. The controls left to right, top row to second row are:  DRIVE, TREBLE, BASS, LEVEL, PRESENCE, GROUND LIFT SLIDE SWITCH and BLEND.Taking each control one at a time to understand what they do is important because they are not all logically placed.  The DRIVE knob adjusts the amount of gain similar to cranking the input stage control of the tube preamp and here is where you can get something like the tonal thickness (or edge) of overdriven tube tone.  Basically this part of the circuit injects variable harmonics and some of the more pleasing distortion out there for this purpose.  There is no ACTIVE/PASSIVE pad switch or extra active input jack on this pedal so if you have an active bass then you will not have to turn the drive knob up as much to get the tone you want.  The TREBLE knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of upper frequency tones.  The BASS knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of the lower frequencies.  12 o'clock is flat (or zero db boost or cut) on both the treble and bass knobs. The LEVEL knob is the master volume control and all it does is control the output volume with no tonal coloration.  The PRESENCE knob boosts the upper frequency range harmonic content for more attack in your tone.  The Presence knob isn't a midrange control, but does boost the upper mids.  The GROUND LIFT switch only effects the XLR output jack and it should be left "OFF" unless you hook it up and there is hum.  Then you can turn the Ground Lift "ON" and it might help eliminate the hum issue.  However it is better from a safety standpoint to remedy this by eliminating the electrical ground loop conflict that is causing the hum.  The BLEND knob controls the amount of tube emulation injected into the pedal's output with all the way to the left being none, 12 o'clock being 50% and all the way clockwise being 100%.CONS:  Very little bass gear, or anything else, is "PERFECT" these days.  Behringer gear has more build issues in general across most of their product line because using Chinese parts and labor is how they keep costs down.  Designed in Germany but built in China means you get Chinese components and Chinese build quality while the specs look pretty enticing.  For example at the first battery change the battery clip self-destructed as part of the clip's terminal stayed stuck to the battery having pulled completely out of the clip.  This was a Duracell battery, the standard for pedal batteries.  Went to Radio Shack and got replacement battery clips and fixed it with a new clip by soldering wires from the new clip to the stripped wires cut away from the old clip and taping up the solder joint.  I've never used this as a stompbox because the switch looks like it will break if you lean on it hard.  Construction is all plastic. The casing is very durable but based on previous experience with plastic switches on stomp boxes I know not to use my size 13-D foot on it.  The Treble and Presence knobs on mine will generate hiss and noise when set very high which may not be noticeable at all on a vintage type bass amp with no tweeter but becomes glaring when using a full range amp and cabinet or when using the XLR output for recording or a PA feed.  Basically I set the Treble and Presence to the point where I hear hiss start, then back off until it goes completely away because that is the functional limit.  Hiss is no issue in bypass mode because the preamp is off.  The jacks, other than the XLR, are the plastic box jacks that are soldered direct to the circuit board of the pedal, These type jacks are noted for causing problems, especially after rough use so take it easy with them and they should last a very long time.  This unit lacks any dedicated MIDRANGE knob but the Presence knob does seem to boost upper mids and treble simultaneously.  Some people who use this pedal as a stage-tool use it as a solo or "scoop" switch for slap & tap solos so the presence, bass and treble boost are basically all you need for a solo switch anyway.PROS:  First and foremost the price is almost too good to be true when you consider the price for anything else with similar features, but keep in mind that it has durability issues so be gentle with it and it will last indefinitely.  This isn't a Tech 21 NYC Bass Driver by any means, but works in a similar fashion to one.  I have a Tech 21 Bass Driver Deluxe that I use at gigs.  The Tech 21 sounds better but costs about eight times what the Behringer cost.  I use the Behringer at home and save that wear on my pedal board at home.  If I didn't have the Tech 21 unit I might take this unit to gigs, but it probably will last way longer the way I keep it setup at home all the time.  I especially like this unit when used with small rehearsal/practice type combos.  Many of these smaller combos have passive type tone circuits that basically are at flat when the tone is cranked wide open and this device really makes these little amps sound more serious.  Part of the beauty of an active bass is the tone boost capability you don't get in a passive bass and if you have a passive bass this can make it sound more like an active bass with the treble and bass boost in front of the amp.  It is also useful for boosting a signal in front of a longer cable run to the backline, say anything over about 18 feet.  For recording the XLR direct out is very useful and the XLR direct out can also be used to feed the PA at a gig if your amp doesn't have a XLR direct out.How I use this device:  I have my bass guitar plugged into the input and use the XLR output to connect it to a microphone mixer.  The output from microphone mixer is patched into a Turtle Beach Santa Cruz soundcard in an XP computer. I can then record using the computer's recording software, practice solo or I can play along to recorded music using headphones.  With headphones I can play as loud as I want anytime that I want without disturbing anyone.  Most computer speakers are very inadequate for electric bass, so I recommend headphones instead of your typical desktop computer speakers.  You can buy better computer speakers that are capable, but they will cost about the same or actually more than a decent bass guitar practice combo amp.  Quality headphones cost far less than quality powered computer speakers that are bass guitar capable.Having owned this pedal for about 4 years and knowing what I know about it, I would buy it again.  I would strongly recommend it as a home recording/practice tool but my recommendation as a stage tool is not as strong.  For home use it is fine.  You can use it at gigs but I'd be saving up "gig bones" to buy something more durable with better performance.
Its ok.  It does what it says, but if youre using more than one other pedal you get a loud white noise in the background.
I got this in the mail today and plugged it into my pedal board just prior to the amp. Like the other reviewers on here, I'm sad to report that it's quite 'hissy'. I had hoped that it would not be a hissing type of pedal but it is. I'm using a Line 6 Uber Metal, Boss Metal Zone, Ibanez LA Metal & Boss Compressor/Sustainer with my SKB pedal board. The board itself is not noisy at all with any of the other pedal cranked up BUT when I put the EQ700 in with the others, there's a noticeable hiss though not so much at low volume but when you crank the amp (I'm using a Peavey Special 212 Transtube combo) above 4, you can definitely hear the hiss. Not sure if a noise gate pedal would reduce this but I'm going to give the Danaelectro Fish & Chips (as recommended by another reviewer) a try.I'm waiting on the Behringer Orchestra Chorus pedal to arrive and HOPING it isn't hissy like the EQ700 is.I will say though I do like the tone influence this pedal has. It does a nice job of altering the tone & gives my rig a greater flexibility for sounds.Overall I give this pedal a 3 out of 5 stars.
I own the old Ibanez TS9, that I modified to the original Keeley specs. Side by side, there is a difference, but I only use it for my rehearsal rig.  This is the first pedal, I've had to actually read the manual, in order to figure out how to install the battery!  The instructions tell you to use a ball point pen, to press in the hinge pins, in order to remove the foot switch cover!  I laugh when ever I hear about the &#34;Holy Grail&#34; 4558 IC Chip.  When I modified my TS9, I found that Chip at Mouser, for 15 cents a piece!  It was a net order, and I felt weird ordering 1, so I ordered 5. They send a 10 pound catalogue every month because of that purchase!!!  The Behringer TO 800 is a cheap alternative to the original if you're on a budget, and will do in a pinch. The civilians won't notice the difference!
The pedal works as described. The draw back is the battery installation. You have to take the pedal off to access the battery. The other thing is if you forget to unplug the input cord from your guitar the battery drains when not in use. I purchased a power supply to go along with it. The problem with that is the power supply is one more thing to find a plug in for. It's ok for the money and works good. I run it wide open and have the amp gain pretty high also to get the retro sound I am looking for. I mainly use it with a large body &#34;F&#34; hole guitar with a set of very heavy flat wound strings. The lows with vibrate the fillings out of your teeth!
Item body is plastic rather than metal. This is to be expected at this price.  I would not call it "sturdy" but at least it's $25 instead of $125, and it works.  Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products).  Nevertheless for what it is... it works reasonably well.Received this item in good time.  There's only one real dislike I have about the item:* The battery access is... goofy.  To access the battery one must take the foot pedal off by "inserting an ink pen into the hinges".  Two hinges, two hands... a tricky process at best.  Not the easiest battery access I've ever seen.  However to be fair, relatively minor issue and not insurmountable.  I became relatively skilled at it in short time.Initially the product didn't work.  All I could hear was static out of the amp and thought I had a defective unit.  But then I noticed the gain was turned up right out of the box.  Turned it down and the sound got much better.  Traced an additional problem to an old unshielded guitar cable; replaced that with a good one and sound smoothed out.This is a sensitive unit, with a wide gain and tone range.  It has excellent Bass and Treble tuners.  It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box.  Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out.  That could be cord issues or box issues.  I'll experiment more later.It does have some hiss that is easily audible in a room environment.  Behringer seems to have a problem with hiss in their products, dunno why.  But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying... it's just there.Bottom line this is a cheap unit at a cheap price.  It does the job and should work fine for most instances where such a device would be needed (such as with passive pickup--non powered acoustic instruments).  I'd recommend it for those who need such a thing simply because of the relative ease of use (foot petal on-off switch) and the relative low cost.It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. : )
I bought this headphone amp for in the isolation booth of my recording studio. The idea was to give the vocalist/instrumentalist personal control over their own levels, without the engineer having to change any settings manually. The item works GREAT for that, as long as you're not using a powered microphone. If you are using a powered microphone you get a crazy loud buzzing, and interference when the monitor, and microphones are plugged in. Plus, the hum/buzz is so loud you can't hear anything from the microphone. The only way I've gotten rid of the buzz is by running an unbalanced mic cable from the headphone amp to a Direct Box, and then into the board.  I'm told that a Hum eliminator would do the trick, but that's another $40-$100 I really wasn't planning on forking out. I'd rather have the engineer change the levels for the vocalist/instrumentalist than pay an extra $100 at the moment. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone.
Unfortunately, these tuners require drilling to fit my Squier Strat.They look very similar but the two pins are approximately 1/16th of an inch further out from the shaft so I'm going to have to drill new holes in the headstock to use them. Worse, the holes will actually touch the edge of the existing stock holes so, I'm going to have to fill them, first.The quality of the locking tuners looks great!I only wish that they'd show a diagram with the specs written on it so that I could have known that these don't fit my guitar!
I am a little disappointed. I could use a brighter light. I forgot how dim LED lights are. I am looking to change if I can find something else.
They do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. The switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey.
Overall dimensions 6 3/4" x 6 1/2" x 2 1/4". Very nice travel size. Sound is about what you would expect. It is basically a toy. If you use more than 2 (of 10 max) gain, it sounds awful. I turn guitar volume to max and adjust volume on the amp to desired level. Tone works nicely to filter the output over all frequencies. I am using it with a Fender Starcaster when I travel for work (hotel friendly). I think it's over priced but I think it looks good and it seems durable.
Weak sounding, and break very easily. I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed.
I just cant get enough sustain out of the high E.for my taste. Tried them on Epi LP and a PRS. I'm no Eric Clapton, and I dont use 4 amp heads nor do I employ 3 guys to work on my guitars, but thats my impression. Just not enough umph...
It's a nice little amp for practice, it lacks volume and low end for performance.  I have used it for several months with no problems.
I bought this pedal years ago, and like most guitarists who buy new gear, I fell victim to CONFIRMATION BIAS regarding the reviews I gave to my musician friends. Upfront, the pedal sounds great. In the store, if you demo this pedal, you'll quickly be able to zero in on whatever distortion you prefer... but over time, you'll get very frustrated with the actual tone of the distortion itself. Turn any of the knobs past 12, and you'll get some undesirable nasal/hissy/tinny frequencies that require compression, noise gating, and EQ to tame. The &#34;Top Boost&#34; does provide what it advertises, but if the pedal itself is already Dimebagged and you engage the Top Boost... it just sounds weird and unmusical.Electro Harmonix is a great pedal manufacturer, but I think they overstepped their bounds with this one. Where is this pedal now in my collection? Sold for cash. After deciding to bite the silver bullet and purchase a BOSS ME-70 Multi-Effects to simplify my gigging setup, I figured as nice as it is to have an Analog Distortion like the Metal Muff, it would never compete with the Digital Distortion onboard the ME-70... boy was I wrong. After getting the ME-70, I did an A/B test and the ME-70 took home the gold easily. This came at no surprise... considering both BOSS and MXR are respected manufacturers when it comes to Distortion sounds.What would I recommend you purchase? That depends. If you're in a metal band, and you're recording an EP, no pedal in my opinion comes close to fully-cranked tube-amp distortion. However, if your amp doesn't have a good distortion channel or capability, then a more conservative (and affordable) BOSS DS-1 for a more musical metal tone. The reality is, most manufacturers have great distortion pedals, so it really depends on your subjective standards for tone... since no two distortions sound the same. Personally, I recommend the MXR Fullbore Metal... the pedal I wish I had bought instead of the Metal Muff. The Noise Gate and Mid Scooper switches are far better pedal accessories than a Top Boost. The Fullbore also has a Mid Frequency shaping knob... which can dramatically shape the overall sound.
Hey, it's a fun little toy, but I've seen this thing going in most places for an even $100 which is ridiculous. I was lucky enough to get it on Amazon for $80. Once you get over the novelty of it it will sit on top of your amp to collect dust.  I've made some cool effects and written a many a great riff with this but it's not one of those tools you'll use every song... unless you're so amazing you can make it work every song! Learning how to use it properly and finding the nuances of making it work is half the fun, but once you get it, and you're over it, you wonder why you wasted $100 on something that shouldn't have cost more than $50. It's essentially a 9V battery covered by plastic with a pretty blue light. This was one of those impulse buys that grabbed a hold of me when I had nothing better to use my money on.
I wanted to dismiss the critics and try it out for myself. I wanted to like it, but unfortunately, it just isn't my thing. I played it all but 2 weeks until I got bored and stopped. It now sits on my amp collecting dust. I pick it up occasionally, but I always end up putting it back down shortly after. I am sorry, I just can't dig it... :(Edit: So apparently, a lot of people dislike my review and are insulting me in the comments section of this post. Normally, I'd just laugh at these no-lifers, but I am sick of getting constant e-mails from internet tough guys, so I'd like to formally state  that this is not a bad product. It can be fun, but the effects it gives are not worth $100, and its build quality is not worth $100. Like I said in the original post, I became bored of this item roughly two weeks after purchase and this has not changed. The last time I picked it up was to harvest the battery for the blackout  active pickups on my schecter. Its not that I "didn't know how to use it" like one of the morons in the comments section stated, this product requires very little skill to use. Read the manual if you are having trouble, it explains in great detail the techniques you can utilize with this device.Would I recommend it? If you have a hundred bucks to drop, go for it. If not, your money is best spent elsewhere.
If you have the full folding single stand this works quite well but the ones with the rounded neck that is one piece with no hinge are a bit tight for length.  OK quality but not as good as the stands themselves which are all fantastic.  I don't understand how people can spend thousands or even hundreds on a guitar and then buy an 8 dollar stand only to see their guitar fall over or get damaged at the neck.  If you pay attention to the prices you can really get some great deals on Amazon... untouchable deals ...
Tis makes it a little awkward to carry. Overall though it does the trick with giving me something to store my stand and carry it from show to show.
Don't know what the delay was but it took forever to get here.  The picks look like they will work although they are a little hard to bend, we will see if it's what I was looking for, thanks!
I got this yesterday, and everything was alright, except that two of the three Mics worked. One was dead. I tested all three of them with the same, and different cable, and made sure that the the On/Off switch was on. It was first mic I tested of the three, and the dead one of the three. Everything was good except for that one Microphone.
The Boss AC-3 is a serviceable acoustic simulator. I am the only guitarist and in my playing environment (children's church) and frequently need to switch back and forth between acoustic and electric. The AC3 does that job. Although it has several modes, the Jumbo mode seems to be most useful. Played through a carefully EQ'd amp, you can get a tone comparable to a plugged in acoustic electric with very bright settings. There is an audible hiss, less noticeable plugged direct into PA, noticeable plugged into a good, clean tube amp, out of control with humbuckers or solid states.The key to using this pedal is using it correctly.First and foremost: use single coils. Tested with a Les Paul with Burstbucker Pro's, the hiss was overwhelming. Played with an American Deluxe Strat with N3 Noiseless pups in the 3rd position, it actually performed very well on a crystal clean channel.Point two - any form of gain will create a ton of hiss.Point three - tube amps perform infinitely better than solid state amps (tested through a Frontman 212 and Vox Pathfinder vs an Orange Tiny Terror and Fender HRD).The AC3 is not a set it and forget it pedal. Based on the volume of the amp and the room you're in, you will need to tweek the EQ to find that tone. I've read that you can use an EQ pedal to get the same tones, I haven't found that to be the case. If your use for this pedal is to cover acoustic parts in a pinch, or in my case as the only guitar player, to switch from acoustic to electric parts quickly, this is a great fit.-2 stars for ever present  hiss, +3 for actually sounding like an acoustic when it's EQ'd correctly.
Neither delighted nor disappointed.  I have not found it to be intuitive to use and the battery compartment is a joke, but otherwise the construction is good.  I dont use it very much because I havent really figured out what I want to do with it, and it is too big to fit in my briefcase full of blues harps, so I have the behringer A/B switch doing the job there.
This is a great product, just not for me. I found it brightened my tone way too much and I went back to plastic. Gave my guitar a bad metallic sound, and I lost bottom end.
The Hercules Travlite Guitar Stand is an average stand in my opinion.  It does hold up the acoustic guitar and it is very portable but I'd keep your guitar and stand out away and close to a corner, if you value your guitar.  Not a specific knock on the Hercules but most low and portable stands like this, are the same, they do keep the guitar up but a careless bump can knock it down.  You may be careful around it, but it's hard to say for others nearby.  For a cheap guitar, I wouldn't mind using this, but for a more expensive guitar, no thanks.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband.This product plugs into the usb port and the guitar plugs into the 1/4&#34; port (the product specs does not show or say 1/4 plug port).My product has an orange USB light instead of a blue one. The support people at Behringer tell me that they changed the color to match their logo (sounds like BS to me).The problem I had and the reason I bought this is that I tried plugging my guitar directly into the computer with a 1/4-1/8 adapter chord. It works but the levels are too low. When I received this, I was hopeful that the levels would be higher and they are, but not by much. It is a step up from the adapter, but far from professional. I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality.I bought a &#34;like new&#34; product describing faded or damaged packaging. When it arrived, the pkg box was dented (I don't care) and product looked new inside. But, all the instructions described a blue USB light and CD of driver and recording software which this did not come with. Behringer gave me a link to download. I assure you it's crapware and beware. For the mac, garageband is far better and easier to use.Rock out!
I was previously using a Rocksmith USB Cable, but wanted a specific cable for my iMac. This unit definitely fits the bill, and from what I can hear when playing, has an even lower latency than the RS cable. I was getting a little unwanted slapback with the RS cable, but this unit seems to have taken care of that. It's also quite nice to have a headphone jack right up front for quiet practice times.The software that comes with this Interface is a joke, and is about as useful as an AOL disc. Since I use Logic Pro X and MainStage 3 it wasn't a loss to me, but if you are buying this interface for the fact it comes with &#34;Amp Tones&#34;, you might want to look somewhere else. I couldn't even get the software to load on my 2013 iMac.
The Behringer UCG102 device is an aging (yet affordable) piece of hardware that offers the intriguing option of plugging your guitar directly into the USB port of a computer.  This opens up a number of possibilities for recording or simply for playing with headphones.  For the budget player, it could be argued that a mere $32 investment unlocks a world of free amp modeling and recording possibilities.However, while the actual hardware is compact and seems function properly, there are some significant problems here.  First and foremost, there is the problem of getting the device to work, getting the software to recognize it, and configuring it to run without significant "latency" (which is a delay effect where you don't hear a played note immediately when it's played, which can make monitoring anywhere from frustrating to impossible).  The UCG102 runs on an ASIO driver.  They include an older version with the software, and you can snoop around online and find other options.  But that doesn't mean it will necessarily work with your software, or work well if it does.  For example, Audacity is a popular "freeware" program you can use to record and mix audio files on the computer.  I've been told that Audacity doesn't work with ASIO drivers, and when I got it to record, the latency issues rendered it unusable.You do receive two other software options with the device.  The first is energyXT2, which I believe includes a license for the compact version.  In theory, this program should work like Audacity and contains a number of amp models and effects, in addition to drum and bass track loops.  However, I have had little luck figuring out how to monitor and record with this program.  I'm sure it CAN work, but if you need a computer science degree to figure it out, that's really not ideal for a budget product.The second item is a trial disc with Guitar Combos by Native Instruments.  So far, this has been the most impressive of the options offered.  You can demo three different amp simulators (Vox, Fender, and Marshall) and then enter a code to unlock one of the three.  I like that it gives you an interface similar to a real guitar amp, which allows you to dial in some realistic tones.  It's also the only program I've been able to get the headphone jack to play through both ears in (there are problems with recognizing mono vs. stereo).  I adjusted the sound quality to get latency down to 8 miliseconds, which is just into the range where I don't notice it as a problem.  Still, while the models sound good, I'm not sure how often I would bother plugging into my computer just to do basic playing and recording.Shortly after ordering this device, I discovered that my sound card has a blue "line in" audio jack on the back.  By running a simple 1/8" to 1/4" audio cable from my pedal board to the sound card, I can do direct recording, which is monitored through my computer speakers (no latency) and sounds great.  Even better, this method works through Audacity and allows me to record and layer tracks.  If the UCG102 worked as advertised, it would be a more convenient way of doing this, but I simply can't recommend it for most people.  I feel like there's "4-star" potential somewhere in this device, but I doubt I'll ever have the patience to unlock it.  3 stars.
I thought I was buying the 10 footer and realize I ordered the 5 footer too late.  Let's be honest here, what good is a 5 foot amp chord unless you're sitting on the amp?  My bad..I never would have ordered this as it costs the same money for the 10 footers as it does for the 5 footers.  I would not recommend buying a 5 footer unless you practice in a closet.
5 feet is a weird length for a cable. It really only has one use: When you're sitting right next to your practice amp. Just don't wander too far off! This cable is perfect for a kid who is going to his/her guitar lesson and has to plug in.I bought two of these for the home studio to jack in a guitar with a pedal or two in between. I feel chained to my workstation. Just my experience. Get a 10 foot and be free!Hope it helps.
I've purchased several of these in different lengths and styles and never had a problem but this one is giving me some minor difficulties with connection.  Like a loose connection.
This cable works for me in the tuner out jack of my amp. I noticed how thin the cable is, but the length is good for my needs. I  have played through the cable once and found it sub par compared to my other cables, which are professional grade and cost a lot more, but this is a cheap cable and sounds like any other cable of this caliber. I use the right angle to hook up to my jazz  bass during rehearsal where long cables at times bunch up and become cumbersome in a studio setting.
I had high hopes for this replacing my pedal board but there are a couple of things I don't like about it.  It has a button clip on the back which is non-removable so makes it all but useless if you don't put it on your belt.  I don't know about you but wearing something on my belt with two 1/4 inch cables is quite a feat.  Add to that possible lines for headphones and an a/c adapter and you look like OctoMan.And what possible function does the kidney bean shape make other than making it odd to put down anywhere with the belt clip sticking out.  The menu is accessed by using a 4 position finger pad.  The main rotaries on the front have two functions depending whether you are holding another key down to access the second set.  This is extremely difficult to do if you need to switch between settings in a live environment.  I have had multiple mistakes and frustrations.IMHO the POD really belongs on a desktop for DAW recording.  It doesn't have much value on your belt clip.  Still have my effects rack.
I scored a virtually unused pre-owned unit for $50.  It is packed with features and there is a little bit of a learning curve if you want to really make use of the features, but simple plug and play operation is possible.  My original thought was to use the unit as an interface for recording on my PC.  My only gripe- and it is considerable - is that the unit sounds too digital to me- particularly as the chord or note starts to decay and fade.  I probably would have loved this thing when I started playing (more years ago than I care to admit).  I prefer a genuine tube driven amp with analog pedals.  Does that make me a 'gear snob'?  Not when you consider that low watt tube amps and cheaply manufactured pedals can be had for peanuts these days ;)  I've also owned a Tech 21 Trademark 60 analog modeling amp (not bad but traded) and still have a Tech 21 TRI AC analog preamp(great pedal and a keeper)- both are 'modelers' and both sounded better to my ears than digital modelers.  I just prefer analog all the way around.  I eventually gave the unit away to someone who has just taken up the guitar.  He likes it fine-  I gave 3 stars because it's a good way for junior to experement with effects and to practice without annoying the neighbors.
I like this for getting rid of all those extra adaptors you have to have a special power strip for, and it works well for most of my Ibanez, MXR and Boss pedals that have an outside adaptor socket.  It doesn't seem to work so well with my Vox wah, my old MXR Distortion Plus and my Fulltone pedals. I'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my Dist+, and I get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the Dist+.  I get a slightly louder hum from the Fulltone pedals when they're on, but my newer Boss/Ibanez/MXR pedals have no issues at all.  The One Spot is not a regulated power supply (if it was, they'd say so), so maybe that's the culprit; not sure.
Getting a proper pedal power unit (like Voodoo labs, DC brick, Ciok) is recommended. Even though this has a lot of outlets, each pedal may not receive enough power. I usually use this to power two or three pedals and most of the time it is ok. Any more than that, and you will have some loss of headroom in the pedals. May not power some pedals that have a high current draw.
behringer may be cheap, but they do create some good products, for this one it's a hit and miss. although i ordered three of them.
I ordered this pedal based on the previous review, but to me it sounds cheap and faint. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as what you get on Fender amps or on my TC Electronics Delay pedal (which includes chorus/vibrato), and I thought that I would go solo with this pedal, but for me it's a no go...
I personally think this Seagull is over rated. A lot of reviewers are covering the muddy (not crisp) sound as &#34;mellow&#34;I don't think so.  I have over 115 guitars in my collection, and around 15 of them are acoustics.I have nothing against Seagull, or Canada, but bought one of these NEW off the rave reviews, and just recently (I have had both theS6 and FGX730 for five years) pulled the S6 out for another try just because I could not make myself believe it sounded worse thanmy used Yamaha; IT DID!Side by side I went through the chords on each guitar, and had to finally come to the conclusion that the Seagull had to go.With a price tag of $420.00 for the S6, and $282.00 for it's Yamaha equal, the FG730S, unless you just feel like throwing yourmoney away, I would stay away from this guitar, and look elsewhere.Oh, by the way, I have an S6 for sale!
It's a stand, it does what it's supposed too?  That being said, I try not to use stands as they are extremely unreliable.  I use these to put my instrument down for a short time only.  These are by far some of the better made ones I've found without a contraption to &#34;lock in&#34; my instrument and give a false sense of security.  These are made no where near how they used to be 20 years ago, in a negative way, but the foam/ medical piping has gotten better as the old stuff used to scuff and deteriorate really quickly.  I'd prefer a better stand, however, I question it's existence.
This stand was very inexpensive and I thought I could save a bit of money and give it a try for use with my Epi Sheraton II.  Unfortunately I am just not all that comfortable trusting my guitar to this stand.  It seems to be built well enough for what it is, but it seems quite unbalanced and always on the verge of tipping backwards. Also, for left/right stability you need to set the guitar just so in the bottom support piece or it seems 'tippy'.The construction itself is 'ok'. The rubber tips on the feet seem fine, but the front legs seem overly long with the rear foot overly short.  The body cradle is nicely padded but isn't firmly seated inside the center tube and even though it has a rudimentary locking design, it just isn't all that solid.  You can adjust the height but just inserting the top piece into the bottom caused deep scratches in the black paint of the top tube piece.  It ships with an unsightly white UPC sticker which must be tediously removed if you want it to look good onstage.Granted, the Sheraton II is a large and heavy guitar but the OnStage is billed as "Heavy Duty" and to me that means SOLID, which this stand just isn't, at least with larger guitars or basses.  When you use a guitar stand you can't afford to be dealing with something that is in the least bit temperamental or you risk damaging your instrument and possibly even your livelihood.Bottom line, you get what you pay for. For smaller, lighter guitars, Strats and such, it may be ok, but for Dots, Sheratons, 335's and larger Gretch's, I just wouldn't trust it and that goes for most basses as well.I will need to look for something else.
If you are like me that you love playing music, this is a good buy. It pretty much does what it's supposed to. So, you plug it and it's ready to use. It's pretty fast, and accurate for it's price. Light weight.The only thing that it takes a little longer is to tune the 6th string.Overall, it's good enough to buy it.
It's a cool pedal, especially considering it's price, but don't be fooled. All this pedal does is perform volume swells. Any other sound you are able to create with this pedal, you wouldn't JUST be using this pedal. Think of it as a supplumentary effect. If you want to really get cool sounds with this pedal, you need to use it in combination with other effects; Reverse delay, wah, distortion, etc.It's convenient too, if you are playing and you want use volume swells, but you also want to use other effects like wah, whammy, something else that requires the attention of your feet. If you get the settings right you can just click this effect on and it will take care of the swells. I would say thats probably the best part about the pedal and the biggest reason to get it. Pure convenience.It has it's quirks though, If you set the sensitivity all the way at minimum it drastically cuts down your sustain. To the point where its non-existent. But the purpose of having the dial set like that is so that you can play loud and fast and still have the effect behave properly. If sensitivity is increased to say halfway and you try to play loud and fast, the volume effect will only occur on the first note struck... the rest will just play as if the effect was off.Other than that, its built well, doesnt add any hiss. no noticeable signal loss, other than if the sensitivity is at min. The battery compartment is a pain to get to thats for sure. power adapters are your friend.It's cheap, its convenient. But i wouldn't recommend it for someone who is more into metal or fast and loud styles of play because that pretty much renders this pedal useless... especially since that style usually results in moments where you want to hit and sustain a note in the middle of playing hard and fast... that type of thing will make this pedal a useless hunk of plastic and circuitry. Oh that reminds me, the casing is plastic...:-/
I bought this effect because I saw a few YouTube demos that made it look pretty good. I had always wanted an attack delay effect and the Behringer Slow Motion was priced well below all competitors. When it arrived, I tested it thoroughly and found that it is tricky to learn and limited in scope. It only works well under these circumstances: All notes must be played slowly, individually and deliberately in order for the attack delay effect to kick in. You can't play a quick series of notes and expect the effect to work properly. Having said that, I found that the effect is nice, once you have mastered the technique. I tried to use it in conjunction with overdrive and sustain pedals and it did not work well at all. Other reviewers have suggested using it with a digital or analog delay pedal, which I have not tried. I considered returning the unit to Amazon for a refund, but I don't think that would be fair as it DOES work to some extent and it didn't cost me a lot of money in the first place. However, I do not think I would recommend it to a friend.
There is such a thing as too much.  You'll find it in this pedal.  I have both this and the Boss distortion pedals, and prefer the Boss.
I purchased this compressor pedal kind of on a whim. I was looking at some nicer ones, and decided to give it a go for only $20. It came in the mail today, and i was surprised that basic-ness of the packaging. Very little instructions at all actually.This DOES NOT ship with a 9 volt battery, and putting one in yourself is kind of a pain to change, as you have to get a philips screwdriver and unscrew 4 corner screws on the back to do so. (wish there was a plastic back, or thumb screw option)This pedal is really quiet, and not in a good way.Don't expect to boost your signal level with it, with the makeup gain/output knob all the way up and the sensitivity all the way down, it was about the same volume as the original signal, only a little noisier.Did not seem to be a tone sucker in the chain/add any noise when off. Most compressors add a little noise or hiss when on, due to the nature of raising the noise floor.It also has a SUBSTANTIAL treble boost/low cut going on. even with the sensitivity knob all the way down, it kills your low end. It is quite bright sounding.With that being said, it works wonders on single string/double stop stuff on the already trebley stuff played on the G, B, and E strings, and makes them sound tight and full.It does seem quite durable, The case isn't made of cheap plastic, which is a good thing.Though not as rugged as some of the other pedals I would own.The switch and inputs seem a little cheap though, granted it was a $20 pedal.I feel using this pedal on tour might be a bad idea, however for home/non daily-use i could see it lasting a while.The LED is really bright. Almost so bright, that when you're looking to adjust the controls, it makes it somewhat hard to see what you're doing.All in all, if you're looking for a cheap compressor to boost your  treble strings and give em some extra punch, this may be the pedal for you, especially if you only have $20.If you're looking for a warm full bodied compressor, this is not the choice for you. You should really wait and get the MXR Dyna Comp for just a few bucks more.
I thought my fingers were medium according to the sizing guide, but no, my fat fingers are not medium.
I have a VOX AC4TV. It uses (stock) a 12AX7, but I thought I would try the 12AT7 just to see what happened. I had read that this type of tube could give you more clean headroom.After a little test run, my first impression was that the amp was noticeably quieter with this tube installed. It might have reduced the volume by a third or more - but this came with the benefit of the amp being noticeably less noisy. That was a nice benefit.I didn't notice much of a change tonally. I think this tube basically brought the volume down. I wouldn't say this is better or worse than the 12AX7, just quieter, and with significantly less output.I ended up switching back to the 12AX7.
MXR make pretty good Pedals for the money. I thought that this would be a high output, saturated type distortion. It is not. It has plent of Volume, which is good for boosting. But, even with the Gain Knob turned all the way up, this thing is an Overdrive. Which is not a bad thing, if that's what you are looking for. Very Mid-Rangey sound as well. Just not for me. But it's well built and would make a decent OD. But, overall, a pretty Vanilla flavored Dirt Pedal.
I was looking for an Overdrive or Distortion pedal for classic rock, and I finally decided on this one. It's a decent pedal, very solid. However, it is VERY noisy and buzzy when not in use, although all of my distortions are. It sounds a little bit thin and hollow to my ears; it's ok, but I wouldn;t purchase it again or really record with it. It's very light and thin sounding. I'm probably going to get a Full-Tone OCD or something like that instead
Do you like to shift your booty around on the seat?  You can't with this!  It's too narrow at 17 inches.  I am going with a wider one.  (other than that is seems decent)Updated March 4th, 2014: I ordered the On Stage KT7800 and have had it for several weeks now.  I am much happier with it, and it is easier to adjust.  The first one I ordered was defective and I had to send it back, butt now I am good to go.
NOT high quality, but definitely useable and worth the 6 bucks. Ends are not too bad and it works for what it is.
The Cable is good and normal . good price and works well. The rubber over the connecting ends tend to pull back and I have to push them in place all too often.
Cable worked fine, but the strain relief for the cable end came out when I took it out of the package. You can even see it on the left in the picture that it's crooked because there's barely anything holding it in, so it provides no protection for the cable. Signal seems fine, so if you're not going to use it or move it around alot, it works. If you're going to be gigging with it, I'd get something with a real strain relief.
it's 6 bucks so I didn't expect a lot from it, but it works as advertised.  not sure how long the connectors will last though as they do look to be lower quality.  the cable wire is rubber coated and is easy to roll and store, the wire is very thin.
I bought this amp for my 7 year old son. It is great for him, but not really for a serious practice amp.Pros:SmallClean and dirty channelHead phone jackCons:Speaker is low quality and sounds rough when distorted or loud.Suggestion:Step up $30-$40 and get a better setupGood alternatives: Fender Mustang, Peavey Viper, Line6 Spider IV, Vox, or Marshall.
I'm a beginner and is more than enough for now. if i'm committed to learning, i'll get a better one later!
I got this to use with my 12 string. It is a huge improvement over my other strap, but it is not as padded as some that you'll pay a higher price for. It does the job, however. For this price you will be satisfied.
Mid-level quality. The shoulder strap tends to move while you play. Gets the job done, but not for the serious guitarist.
Not as good as the headstock tuner I purchased. I used it a few times. It can be used as tuner or a pickup for my acoustic.  I wouldn't buy another one.
I bought this new Fender F neck plate to replace the plain one I had on one of my MIM Strats. but at this time I am not sure I like what I have done. It appears a little thinner than the original and just doesn't look as &#34;original&#34;.
a little small for my hands, but the kids that take lessons from me loved them.  Cute idea.  Would like different holiday designs like this.
Not much to say about a guitar strap... except I had planned to use it on a Simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. I ended up using the strap on my Strat for the acoustic and this one is on the Strat. This one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. If you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. It is comfortable though.
I like to walk around while I play. It's a hangup of mine. This strap works fine for that. The only thing I've noticed that can be annoying is that strap moves easily across my back so it is very easy to get the guitar out of position (the neck too high or too low). Other than that, it's a good deal for the price. Maybe I just need a shirt with more cling.
I don't play with a guitar below my waist. I am six feet tall. While very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned.
I bought this because someone told me they really liked it...but it's just not a good product...for me anyways.I bought this to help disperse some of the weight of my Les Paul on my shoulder.  The problem is, the thick part of this strap is made too short so if I bring the neck of the guitar up to my shoulder at all, the weight of the guitar is now on the skinny part of the strap.The leather feels a bit cheap as well...you get what you pay for.I guess the strap is ok if you play with the guitar in one position...yippeee!I'll probably have to break-down and pay $100 for a real strap.
I am average build and play a strat.  I shouldn't have to feel like this thing just barely fits me.  I wish it had at least one more inch.
Got the black one.  Bought this to help hold up my heavy Sheraton II and needed something at least 2 inches wide and strong to do it.  On that level this strap succeeds. It is definitely strong enough to keep my guitar from falling off or shifting on my shoulder.  It also looks very nice.But any positive thoughts I have about it are outweighed by the constant shedding of black dyed leather that continually falls off the strap and onto me, my guitar, my carpets, etc.I need things like guitar straps to be ready to USE without causing a shower of little leather bits all over the place!  I am not sure how long this will go on but I've been using it for two weeks now and there is a trail of small black leather wherever I go.  I have not encountered the dye running yet.Honestly if I had it to do over, I would skip this particular strap. Suede and me are not getting along too well at the moment.
A bit too soft but given the fact it does say made of suede you should expect it to be super soft.  Better for lighter guitars IMO
This strap is really beautiful. The Native American pattern goes beautifully with the classical guitar I made with the images of wolves burned into the top. However, the leather ends are very thick and stiff, making it very hard to slip over the strap buttons on the guitar. I tried to put the snap-on strap buttons but had to really work the holes on the strap with an Exacto knife to get the strap to slip over them. I have a nice Ralph Marlin strap with soft, pliable leather on the ends and the slip on and off the strap buttons with little effort - workable with one hand. I'd give this Levy's strap 5 stars if its ends were as flexible.
First the goods: Sturdy leather construction just cant be beat. the color is spot on with the pictures shown.The Bads: It's a bit short, I have it on acoustic guitar that the forward mount is the &#34;shoe lace around the head stock&#34; method, I had to max this strap out to make the span. I'm a bigger guy, so a smaller person shouldn't have this problem. Then there's the whole friction of suede on clothing thing I hadn't considered. It drags and pulls your shirt really bad, making it a bit of a pain to get the guitar on a positioned where you want it to hang. That problem is not specific to this strap, but the material its made out of. It's high quality, but I didn't consider it trying to pull my shirt off. If had to do over again, I'd pass.
The chorus effect is a little weak. I use it now to get sort of a leslie effect. Clean the effect is a little weak. The adjustment knobs don't seem to do much either.
First let me say im using this for a BASS (at least for this review) and nothing else. That said I LOVEBehringer products that I own. This guy was really cheap and actually the "chorus" part is weak...as comparedwith other chorus' I have such as (ART,ZOOM,PEAVEY,LINE-6,Gibson) Or we could say in a more positive phrase"very subtle" . The "stereo" effect for me was non-existant BUT realize I bought this item over buying a normalABY switch. Doing so saved me a bundle but in the long run I will pay for it. There is a high cycle hum in the background(which almost ALL chorus units end up having). But I can say it did the job as far as splitting a signal into 2 amplifierheads and doesnt seem to have a problem with the signal being delivered. *note* if you plan on using a 9volt dc adapteryou have laying around in yer gear/scrap bucket think again----wont work ...I tried 4 different 9volt dc adapters to no avail.all that said I still gota give the item its due.Negatives: the unit is made out of plastic and you will have to take it easy when engaging on/off. I had to take mine apart becausethe "chorus" wouldnt trigger "on" . It was due to the fact it just has a small strip of rubber that is supposed to engage with the buttonswitch on the electronics board . you may have to put something behind it or replace it.
Basic delay. I found the adjustment knobs made very little effect on the pedal. The other thing is it changes your guitar tone pretty drastically. Made my tone thin and tinny.
This Behringer DD400 delay unit has a lot of great features. I particularly like the stereo outputs which allow the user to send the delayed signal to a separate amplifier for a dramatic stereo effect. The extra-long 1300 millisecond delay is great for Pink Floyd/David Gilmour style solos. The shorter delay settings allow for rockabilly slap back effects, although I hardly ever play in that style, so it doesn't matter that much to me.Here's where it gets weird: I tested the unit using a vintage Fender tube amp for the primary signal and a Vox Valvestate amp for the delayed signal. As long as I played loudly, everything worked quite well. However, when I set the guitar down for a moment, I started hearing voices. Yes, voices! The delay unit was picking up radio frequency interference a la Jimi Hendrix at Berkeley. I have no idea HOW it was doing this, but I could clearly hear some sort of radio transmission like CB or family band radio. The interference went away after a few minutes.As for design, I don't buy the "German innovation" advertising line from Behringer. This is obviously a cheap Chinese copy of the legendary Boss DD-7 which costs four times as much. If you want really good quality, buy the Boss unit! If you can get buy on a fairly cheap delay unit that talks to you from time to time, the Behringer is ok.
nice cable, could be a little heavier.  I managed to pull the wires apart on the straight plug, probably stepped on the cord when I was playing guitar while standing.  I had to take it apart and resolder but it has been really good since.
This is unique piece that slips into just about any tube on a Mixer Rack or Piano scissor stand. The square nut design is very tight when tightening in the tube as if there are a rough cut on the threading. The MIC end of the mount works pretty good. Overall the only problems I found is that the Up tube could be 1' to 1 1/2' taller and the threads could be buffed out at the manufacturer.
This amp did a good job for its rating. It was my backup amp for a QSC GX5. I sold it after using it for about a year or so.
Nice amp for the money but couldn't push a single Peavey SP218 Sub, so I moved this amp to push a pair of dual 15's, still had trouble getting the range that I needed, so I have this amp now as a back up and will probally use it for powering a single EV18 sub rated at 500 watts, it should handle it nicely bridged, I will keep you posted.
This product did not fit my Takamine G, as the hole is 3/4 size.  I had to buy from Lute Hole, who then customized a part for me.  Beware, because you'd figure this item would fit inside any guitar out there, given the advertising.  Even the guy at Guitar Center, when I called to find out what was going on, told me to go with Lute Hole.  I never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, I found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit.  Be very, very careful.  In fact, be very, very wary, as I briefly heard a light "cracking" noise when I tried to fit it in the guitar for the very first time.  I stopped, thereafter, after doing research online and finding out about the G's specs.  I've read, elsewhere, that it kills your tone, but I had been willing to try to utilize it in tandem with my actual coloring rig.  Ultimately, I spent nearly $100 more than I wanted to, just for this kind of item.  What is it they say in this era - caveat emptor?
it barely did anything but i guess thats because im the one playing the guitar, if you were in another room im am sure that it would make a difference
This is a good product which I've seen many people use... however, it's not for all acoustic guitars.  That little bit of info was missing from the info, although I should have known.  In my case, my guitar's sound hole is too small for this unit to be installed, even though it's supposedly &#34;tapered&#34; to fit a lot of different sound hole dimensions.  Didn't look tapered to me, and I can't use it.  But then again, it was pretty cheap, and I may have a use for it some day.  Check your guitar's sound hole diameter before ordering.
It sounds like it's Behringer.  Very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all I need.  I got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  The highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame.
I really dislike the switch on this thing.  It does not click.  That may not sound like much, but I tend to rest my foot on a pedal when I turn it off.  This does not turn off when I do that.  This is unlike any pedal I have played.  I realize Behringer is trying to copy the MXR, but the switch substitution makes me wish I picked up a used MXR.  Anyway the pedal sound fine, just know the switch may drive you insane.  I really like the other Behringer Boss type pedals though as the switch is what I like.  Wish the phase came in a different case.
For about 30 yrs. have been playing finger style only - usually with alternating bass, and never really used a pick so this seemed like a good first choice.For the song I was performing, chords were Bm, E, F#m, and G (1st & 3rd position) and I needed to back up the singer so it was really just strumming with a tiny bit of playing just the first two strings as an intro.I found a very old and very thin Peavey pick unintentionally picking up what looked like the blue Dava in the bottom of my guitar case and it worked perfectly so I then ordered the Fender Abalone Thin picks and find they make playing chords quite easy.Fender 351 Premium Celluloid Guitar Picks, 12 Pack, Abalone, ThinMy ancient Peavey broke in half not long after, and I continued using the stub turned sideways while waiting for the new Fender picks to arrive because I liked the extra flex)Seems like more advanced players like at least a medium to better pick individual strings, but since I never liked using a pick at all, the Fender Thin works best for me and I'm enjoying learning to use it on songs like Eric Clapton's interpretation of Bessie Smith's "Nobody Knows You..."I'll try the Dava picks again later if I feel the need. I play Simon and Garfunkel's version of Scarborough Fair which is exclusively finger picking and George Harrison's "Here Comes the Sun" - where he uses a pick, but it is still easier for me to pick out the individual notes fingerstyle.This is all on an acoustic 6 string steel guitar, using D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze light strings.Bristol by Blueridge BD-16 Dreadnaught Acoustic Guitar (Natural)D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, LightFor the rank beginner who has never picked up a pick before, the Fender thin makes it easier to strum because the pick flexes so it's not as essential to turn your wrist as much to get the pick to move smoothly over the strings.The grip is better on the Dava, but they aren't going to flex as much. Undoubtedly better for more accomplished players. Most advice I've seen says try 'em all and decide for yourself. I was just amazed and delighted how much easier the Fender thin made it for me to get started.
The Seller shipped very fast and I give them 5 plus stars; this review is regarding the actual product.The Behring US600 is a basic pitch shifter, don't expect elaborate effects.Made of plastic; not as sturdy as a BOSS pedal.Goes through 9V batteries quickly, so stock up.If you use an A/C adapter, get a hum eliminator.(Curse you 60 cycle!)Also run the US600 AFTER the distortion for optimum performance.Other wise you are shifting the clean signal.Distortion, pitch shifter, chorus, then out.This pedal gives you a sweet 12-string chorus sound and that alone is worth the 45 bones. The dive bombs, reverse dive bombs, and flutter are there. Don't expect a 2 octave bottom, because it doesn't do that.You will not sound like a Thin Lizzy dual guitar lead, but you can get that Bryan May, Queensryche meets the Allman Brothers harmonies in 3rds.For those on a budget, this pedal does what it doesn't advertise.Lacks true instructions, so go to YouTube and watch demos.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...It's exactly what you would expect from Behringer, it works...it's not great but it get's the job done, i feel it takes quite a bit of brightness and definition but it's still pretty useful for less than $25I don't regret geting this because delays are so much fun but i wonder if i should have gone withDanelectro D-8 Fab 600Ms Delaywell, maybe next time...I give it a 3 out of 5, it wasn't this time Behringer surprised me.
But is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  Use a plugin instead.  I like some of Behringer products even though they are snobbed.  This particular unit is not one of their finest products but I give them credit for the price point and effort.  Someone will appreciate it but not me.  It sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what I want.  Cheap, so no big loss.
If you want to have an interesting echo and repeat, this is worth the minimal investment.  I recommend buying the multi-plug power supply as it goes through batteries fairly quickly and you will likely be buying other pedals to compliment this one.
behringer products are cheap. some of them have good quality both in make and sound. hopefully, behringer will make it even better next time without compromising the price.
This does some fairly cool things to the sound, but there is a lot more out there.  This would be great for a new person experimenting with effects
this pedal worked well, but I sent it back because thru my marshall itgenerated a lot more line noise than I like, other than that it was cool!!!!
I don't have any problems with this pedal, but for the price I would just go with the Way Huge Aqua Puss for an analog delay.
I bought this under the impression that it was a soprano gig bag. I know it says tenor (now that I look at it) but since I put soprano gig bag into the amazon search I figured I would be getting only soprano bags... Anyway it doesn't seem much more then a normal gig bag. Yes it has the pocket for your extra strings and what not. Not sure how well it holds a tenor since I don't have one. Mine is black not the almost purple the image shows...
It cannot be denied that the BOSS DD-7 is a versatile effective product...And it does EXACTLY what it claims to do, and does it well - but - I have a mixed relationship with this pedal...On one hand it does so many things with REVERSE / MODULATE / ANALOG settings as well as a half dozen other delay related settings it's a versatile tool - in fact it does everything you could ask a delay pedal to do except one thing... (one thing)In a live setting you have to set it and forget it (period)The four tiny fragile control knobs and the tiny black printed control panel are UN-USABLE (cannot be used) in a live dark stage environment...so when I'm at home putzing around on my guitar the BOSS DD-7 sits on my pedal board and gets used, but when I have a gig, it get's pulled from the board and the MXR Carbon Copy gets plugged into the slot and gets the nod in the performance category... The MXR Carbon Copy can be controlled by your foot and can be read from a standing position under any lighting conditions... so it gets used up there when the pressure is onThe BOSS DD-7 is a great pedal in a well lit practice environment ONLY - if you go live with it - good luck
This is a cheaply built cable.  It has basic ends, they screw on but seem to come loose and need tightening frequently.  The only truly redeeming feature of this cable is it's tiny length : 3 feet.  I use it with my Honey Tone Belt portable ampDanelectro N10A Honey Tone Mini Amp in Aqua, so the cable has to be short.  The amp is on my belt. I use it, thus, just like Jackson and Cole, reviewers below.  Like Jackson, I have a RISA solid body electric ukulele.Let me say, three feet is short, very short.  If you want to put the amp down on the floor, you'd better be (a) short, and (b) siting right over it, because when you find out how limiting three feet cable really is, you'll recognize that you can only use this for one thing: a portable amp, close to or on your body.I suppose you could use it to connect a couple of guitar pedals and not have too much cable, but them again, most connector cables are even shorter.Glad I have it only for the purpose I intended.  Wish it was heftier, stronger, better looking, like my other guitar cables.
Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. Maybe it is built better? But thats yet to be seen. I did put a EH6V6 in with the Chinese preamp tube and did notice an improvement but the EH6V6 only lasted five minutes and shorted out. So i sent it back. I ordered a TS 6V6 and am still waiting for it. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell.
Its a nice stand....cheap, but should suffice. I wouldnt use it for a real valuable guitar but for a kick around gigging stand it should be fine.
A good moderately priced guitar stand.I had concerns over the foam rubber cushions affecting the finish on my guitar and as a result I replaced them with standard inexpensive vinyl tubing purchased from the local hardware store.A good moderately priced guitar stand. I would recommend purchasing it.
does its job just fine. simple and kind of cheap looking and its hard to balance if you have it on a rug (and not even a thick rug...I have a thin rug and it still is unbalanced, but hey, its not really meant for rugs so I can't complain)
These a cheaply made with corrugated plastic, however they are surprisingly durable. THESE ARE NOT 8.5x11 (paper size). They are about half-sheet size.
you will want this to save your battery's when there is no power around not much more to say good luck
From the moment I started using this, I noticed a radio signal overlay when used with my mini amp and headphones.
Have not used the light as much as I thought I might, but it works okay. Each light has multiple, independent settings. The beams are narrow, but you get two of them.The major downside is that they sometimes turn on if they are carried with other things in your bag. Something in the bag will trigger the switch, and the light may be on for hours without you knowing it. There is no good way to prevent this other than to take the batteries out of the light during transport.Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. It does not work well (or at all) with object more than 1/4 inch thick.
I am confused by this hellish portal of confusion. Looking at it makes me ill - I feel like it's laughing at me, with its indecipherable scribbles.
They are not designed with a switch to have all lights on at the same time. So if you need that sort of control on your lights this will not do it. They are fairly bright and the lightweight metal body is nice.
I own the older Color Bank with the bulbs and it works better that this one. I love the size, weight and LED bulbs on this one though. It has a nice color throw too. It also has speed control and audio control just like the older model but........this new LED version is built with less quality. When you turn both speed controls all the way down to the lowest settings, the bulbs still keep flashing to the next one, about every second. They do not stop flashing when it's plugged in since it don't have an on/off switch. If you are using this on a switcher, then it wouldn't be a problem.I'd prefer the light to stop when the music stops, but it don't. When you try to adjust the audio flashing, it is so sensitive to sound that the lights just keep flashing very fast in rotation.Also the circuit board inside is held to the metal panel by 4 plastic pegs sticking through the back. They will stick your hand and eventually get pushed inside and the small circuit board will move around. Within 1 hour of getting it, I had to take it apart, push the plastic pegs back through the holes and melt them with a hot knife so they would stay in place.I love the light but it's not as useful to me since it's "always" flashing. It's possible I have a defective one, not sure.The cool bright LED bulbs are the best part of this light.***UPDATE,  I played with one of these in the store and it actually worked better. When you turn it all the down, the lights stopped flashing until the music started again. The one I have never stops flashing, even when the music stops. I guess I got a bad one.
There seems to be a trend in using a Ukulele in modern music these days. A guitar player for 20 years now I decided to give it a try. This was a low risk (cost) way for me to get my feet wet without committing. It takes a little getting used to with such a small instrument, little neck and only 4 strings but it sure is a blast to play. I wont be making an upgrade any time soon but the sound and build quality is reasonable for the price and for the few songs I use if for it will serve me fine. Highly recommend.
Never really intended to use this in a professional setting so the noise issue is not that big of a deal. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. 15 to 20 dollars, then sure. Still, it's an OK product.
I got this for one of my guitar students whose mom just wanted a cheap case for her acoustic guitar.  Now, let's be clear - this is easily worth $16, but it is a very bare-bones gig bag.  It will protect your instrument to a degree - it only has minimal padding - and is probably good enough for any beginner instrument.  ONe of my students has one of those Esteban infomercial guitars, which is pretty low quality (but not terrible and not unplayable), and the gig bag for that instrument has no padding whatsoever.I only give 3 stars because for a little more money it's possible to get something which I feel is noticably better.  I have a Musician's Friend acoustic gig bag that I paid ~$20 for a few years ago, and it's well made and probably has twice the padding of this thing.So, this isn't bad, it's worth the price, it's put together just fine, but it only just barely serves its purpose of protecting your instrument, and I'd never trust this with an instrument of any value.  Gig bags can be a good alternative to a hard case if space or weight are a concern.  This isnt' a bad choice, but just be aware of what you're getting.
For the most part, this is a well built/durable gig bag. I only rated it at 3 stars for the lack of padding. If you need a protective cover for your guitar then this gig bag is for you. If you want something to protect your guitar from bumps and bangs get a more expensive gig bag with more padding or spend the cash on a good hard case. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that.
I was not to thrill about this product, I really don't have anything super negative to say but nothing super positive either,
I'm on the fence with this product. It does its job so no real complaints there, however once applied I feel it may be damaging my frets. I havent seen wear or visible damage but as you run it up the neck of the guitar you hear it hit all the frets. If you apply pressure to keep it from hitting it then pulls the top cleaning pad off, away from the strings causing it not to clean the top. Much more convenient then using a string cleaning cloth though so I'm sticking with this.
Nifty little item that does what it's designed to do.Realistically,it's not worth $10.00.$5.00? yes.Save your money.I regret this purchase for what I paid for it.
It sorta cleans strings but not fully, i dont even really use it anymore, i feel like i wasted my money on this item
This pedal does add reverb and it is adjustable to different effects, but the range of effects is not great and the difference in them is often not very pronounced. It's kind of an &#34;empty&#34; sounding reverb, as opposed to more lush effects. The Reverb Machine (RV600), also from Behringer and for only $10 more is a FAR superior machine with more effects and better tone, though it has a couple of other minor drawbacks. See my review of that item for clarification.
I ordered this pedal based on the previous 2 reviews, but to me it sounds very tinnie and cheap, plus the control knobs were a bit tight and hard to adjust. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as the Fender amp reverbs...
I was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  It just doesn't have the quality sound that I expected from the material written about it.  I've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iPhone or iPad.  That arrangement isn't as compact as this Vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing.
A friend gave me a few of these and overall I like them.  I'd give them 3.5 stars if I could.  Having said that, I don't like them as much as a regular nylon pick.  The star hole just feels a bit weird to me, though I could probably get used to it.  I'm glad I got to try these, but these won't replace my favorite nylon picks.
if all you want is amp-like vibrato and chorus, here ya go, and it's cheap and cool looking (bigger footprint than a Boss pedal). The 'Hue' control gently affects the tone.
look this pedal doesnt cost a arm and leg, but as far as other vibes and chorus pedals this pedal falls short. but I wasnt looking at sending alot so it gets the job done
This is a great xlr cable and does the job for what I need it to, which is attach my dslr shoe to an external shotgun mic.  It has low noise, clean sound/good transmission.  The only issue is that this particular cable, more-so than any of my other ones, is hard to get a locking click on anything it attaches to on either end.  Once it's attached it's fine, but then it's the same coming off, I have to pull much harder than with my other cables and it makes me worried I'll damage a microphone.  With expensive equipment, I'd use a different cable as the tight grip on both the male and female sides worries me.
I bought this guitar nearly a year ago. It was my first guitar. I never cared much for the sound. It always sounded out of tune, even when it was in tune. I eventually bought an acoustic guitar to learn to play and have been happier with it than this Squier. My skills are slowly improving but I wanted another electric so I sprang for a Epiphone Les Paul. Yes, it's 3x more expensive than the Squier BulletStrat - but it sounds 10x better.If you buy a Squier, I think you need to be prepared to make this a "project" guitar. You'll probably want to replace the tuners, pickups, bridge, etc.Or just buy a better guitar to begin with. At this price point you probably won't find much better but you probably want to spend a little more for a much better guitar.
Had it for about two weeks and I'm about to return it now.Things that I like(d):1. It's a classic Fender and I was looking for something of good quality with great price.2. Sounds clear and crystal good, unplugged.3. This can be subjective but I think this BulletStrat is more comfortable than a Les Paul simply because it's wider and thinner.4. All the previous four ratings here on Amazon and even higher ratings on Musician's friend.Things I don't like much:1. 15th fret of lower E string is dead, and like always I take quality control into my rating account.(I don't want to bother go to a local shop for a fix, never mention that's $20 in addition)2. I couldn't figure out why the tune nob never changed the sound (like not a bit)? (I'm new to electric but my Les Paul does change tunes... in a much much more obvious way)3. Talking about plugged sound, it's no where close to unplugged. Notes are pretty mixed up and not separated/clear, very loud though.4. I don't know if it's universal, I ordered new and get it with dirty plastic cover with scratches. What's worse is, they place this nasty cover in between of the panel and the components upon it which makes it impossible to remove... (I', not even sure if I can call it a protective cover because it's pretty weak and thin.)This is overall an OK guitar, consider its price it can be made at least slightly better. For beginners on budget with less than $200, I would recommend go for the better ones with a little more price. For example, me, I got a SX Deimos ($175) Les Paul which I'm in love with now. Simply everything about it is better, and I finally get the feelings of an electric. I'm glad I don't need to stuck with this anymore.According to Amazon,3 Stars - It's OK4 Stars - I like it5 Stars - I love it3 Stars Checked, it really IS just an OKAY guitar to me.Thanks for reading, and hope people find their beloved guitars!
Ok for the price.  Tuners old style not sealed.  PUP plate mal-adjusted and off quite a bit.  I'd suggest adding locking tuners or at least modern day versions.On the positive, action and intonation good.  Better than expected.  Much better than most Chinese guitars at the same price level.  However, I've purchased others that have higher quality hardware for the same or less.  That said, you'll probably do OK.Epiphone setup and overall quality better than the Squier.
Not much to say about a XLR cable.It works.Average quality..does the job. No problems. Good price, came quickly through PRIME.
I tried this at the store.  It looks like it would protect a guitar, but the latches are kind of large and clumsy.  The interior was nothing special either.  I passed.
I put these on my Dlx Players Strat but it wasn't a piece of cake. First problem... no instructions came with the package. Found a method done by another searching online. Served as a guide. Second, after removing the old Fender Tuners I noticed the new tuners didn't fit into the slots. This meant drilling out the holes by another 1/8 of an inch. Blue tape both sides as to prevent marring. Third, the new unit using a tightening center nut rather than screws to the headstock. There are also with two dimples. I used a ruler clamped to the headstock for keeping straight alignment and another clamp to press the dimples into the tock for drill bit placement. Then carefully drilled two holes per tuner. Take you time on all of this as not to damaged the finish on the headstock. These rest was simple. Install the tuners and tighten the nuts is now a breeze.  If you are not mechanically inclined then I strongly suggest you go to a Luthier as this is more than a simple replacement job. For the price you think they at least provide specs and some instructions.
The screw holes are just a shade off for my guitar, and you would think they would want to standardize so they didn't have to carry so many parts.  Nope, doesn't fit a Squire Affinity, just FYI.
I've noticed that the two-button tremelo/vibrato pedals for the Fender Deluxe Reverb re-issue and Twin Reverb re-issue break down pretty quick. This replacement, so far, is hanging in there.
Should have paid the extra $40 and bought the Mustang - oh well. The amp has light sound and not much control. Good for my small space though.
I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you *are* in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has **nothing** to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers.
I was able to connect it to my PC. There was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the PC, but once I installed better midi software (CoolSoft VirtualMIDISynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer.
The picks we received were "Legacy" and not "Alice" brand. While not as pictured, these are good enough for us as we (my daughert, son, and me) learn to play guitars. The mix of different thicknesses was fairly even, so we were able to select the one that felt "right" for each of us.The pearliod looks good and overall am happy with these picks.CFH
These picks come in a large range of sizes, but most of them are way too thick to play any guitar with.There is a really funny smell to these when you first use them that gets on your fingers, but it goes away after a bit.They seem to be decent quality. The thin picks have not torn on me yet and the medium gauge picks dont wear down too quickly.These are ok to have around the house to play with but I would not recommend them for live performance.
I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro.  Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card.Good in a pinch!
For Macs but fyi it goes out after 45mn and just need to be unplugged and back in. Not a big deal.
the mat is only a few $ neoprene (kind of) mat, the neck holder thing is inserted in the tube that contain the mat... TAKE IT OUT very very carefully, I was only careful and the base of the neck holder broke a bit...In my opinion this thing if priced $15 or $20 less will be what it really worth on the market.P.S.The Wise Man Say:Do yourself a favor, use a long pillow over your desk to tune up/intonate your Strat or Tele and use this $$ to buy good strings! :D
Long wait for overpriced item.  Arrived on time but there was a 3 week wait. Overpriced but was expected as Fender name on product..
Yup, it's O.K.  Nothing special.  I don't know if it's the best one out there but it does the job.
It is all preference. I prefer the cactus picks. These slide around in my finger to much right now. To each his own.
These feel very good but they wear off quite quickly, so not pick taping and easy with the struming. Also watch it if your alternate picking is with the pick almost at vertical.
It is all preference. I bought a couple cactus picks and I like the fact they stick to my fingers better. These are slick and seem harder to keep track of.
Good picks but not a replacement for jazz 3 that I still prefer over this one, nice backup in case you run out.
Like many say, they do slip out easy so you need to keep that in mind, otherwise for the price and overall quality they are good cables.
I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board.  So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables.
These cords seem to be a hair longer than the conventional pedal-to-pedal cords, which is nice.  They also seem to be quality without bulky.  Some "quality" cords I've purchased in the past were stiff and bulky, when I needed more flexibility.  These cords strike that balance perfectly.Quality and value, so you can't go wrong.UPDATE:I've lowered my 4 star rating down to 3.  Over time, about half of these cords have developed a problem of coming unplugged from the pedal they plugged into, and this seems to be a unique problem with just these cords.  About half have worked great, the other half have this odd little issue.
With how small pedals are getting the plug ends are bulky - even for a right angle - but they still sound good.
Its quality for a small price, good if you are looking for a budget wires.  Overall it is good to buy
These are a new style of guitar pick to me. Thought I'd give it a try. OK...probably didn't try long enough so I only rate it three stars because of my OPINION. The seller did not fail me in any way.
I agree with other reviews that Boss exploits its customers by insisting the $300 pedal have the PSA supply, but sells it separately.  It's a cheesy way to meet a price point without really doing it.  I used a OneSpot power supply I had already, and it works fine.  Just glad I didn't have to shell out $20 more to Boss for something they should have provided with the ME70.The first thing I noticed is that the tuner is not too good.  You get a letter, with an arrow on each side, and it's not very responsive.The Korg-style dial-in reverb controls are easy, but extremely limited.  Expected better.  You get either room or hall.  Neither are that realistic.Going from manual patch-level to bank-level is awkward.  It may just take practice.Next thing I noticed is the delay level does not respond as expected.  If I set the E. level (delayed signal level, or balance) at around thirty, it can be clearly heard.  When overdrive or boost is added the primary signal is boosted as expected, but the delayed signal remains at the original volume, effectively reducing the balance and making the delayed signal nearly inaudible.Did Boss just start making multi-effects pedals?  Have they learned nothing?Despite somewhat mediocre performance and design, the ME70 does have features that recommend it.  Some of the drives are usable.  The controls are accessible and easy to adjust.  The "Solo" setting on the Comp/FX module is a nice booster, although it can apparently be overdriven easily by the boost in the OD/DS module - maybe this is by design but it would be nice to have two levels of clean boost.The next annoyance is the very limited capabilities of the optional footswitches.  I was hoping to be able to flip between the preset and manual setting, but all it does is turn the preamp on and off, or step (one way) through the presents (FS-5U).It almost appears that Boss very cynically crippled the ME70 so it did not threaten GT10 sales.I'm looking forward to learning more about this pedal.  So far, it does some good things, but it could be much better.Has anyone else noticed the ME70 reviews out there aren't too useful?  I'm thinking of checking out the Vox Tonelab EX, which is being blown out now.  $225 at GC, for example.--3/16/12 update:  Despite the limitations above, I like the portability of this unit.  It runs on 6 AA's (I think) which is great when you just want to put it on the floor and play, for example at a jam where you don't have power nearby.New Fail update - the Tremolo in this unit just stinks.  I mean stinks.  Whatever the "waveform" is, it's not a sine wave, not smooth at all.  Very poor musical characterists.  Whatever engineer was in charge of this - you screwed up big time.  Your own Boss tremolo pedals are much better than what you've put in the ME70.  Why would you do that, Boss?  I like tremolo but it's virtually useless in this unit.  Some people won't notice, but if you like that swampy Fender style tremolo, you will be very disappointed.
It was cheap. It's not put together well, so don't plan on taking this thing on the road. Also, on mine the boom arm is very difficult to extend, but as it will staying in one location for most of it's service life it'll do.
Is this guraunteed for life or something?  it should be for the price.  it is very basic, tube construction with very little for wire and cable guidance and clean up.  I would not buy another one at the prices they charge, but then, I am handy enough to make my own if I wanted to.  The carry bag is very nice, the extra pocket for cables and things holds a lot of stuff.  They show a lot more pedals than I could fit on it, they must be smaller pedals than the ones I can find and the perhaps have those magical patch cables that take no space in between.  If you look at the picture there appears to room for 6 pedals but 5 is all you will get.  I have a Boss RX-20 double pedal looper, and 2 other Boss pedal on board and that is all than can fit with patch cables.
The U-30 is a decent starter's ukulele, no matter what color you get, but it is not without its flaws. The tuners feel cheap, but they are functional, much better than friction tuners on "toy" ukuleles. The body paint is of good quality and resists scratches with ease, but the paint on the fretboard comes off easily unto your fingers. The string action is low, making it perfect for fast strum patterns. Even for a soprano ukulele, this one has a higher pitched sound with little sustain, which is actually quite authentic for those desiring a more "Hawaiian" sound, but the tiny sound and low sustain make playing along with other instruments problematic, unless using a microphone. The worst aspect of this ukulele are the strings, it takes forever to stretch them or "break them in." This means that you must tune your ukulele virtually after every song, so beginning ukulele players should remember to get a chromatic tuner. Chords that use the first fret, such as F and A sound distorted for some reason. Replacing the included strings with Aquila strings makes this ukulele much better, but the added cost puts it in the price range of what I would consider a true starter's ukulele, the Lanikai LU-11. The included gig bag is almost useless, it has absolutely no padding and is very tight. In conclusion, its low price and distinctive high pitch "Hawaiian" sound make up for its shortcomings. I would not recommend this as your only ukulele, or even a starter, since the problems with first fret chords will train your ear in a wrong way. I would recommend the U-30 as a backup or "disposable" ukulele that you can take anywhere, without fear of damaging or losing it, but for a little more money, you can get better.
I should have researched this a little bit more. It was a gift for a child, but a child couldn't tune this thing nor could I! It was a toy, not an instrument.