I got it to have it if I needed it. I have found that i don't really need it that often and rarely use it. If I was really good I can see the need. But this is a keyboard not an organ.
This Fender cable is the perfect length for me! Sometimes I find it a bit too long but I don't mind. The build quality is great and I know that it will last. The only gripe I have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.Sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out.
This is a cool looking cheap cable which works well. I bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault. One thing to consider with the cable is to tighten the connectors once in awhile. You'll be able to hear them rattle. It seems that the 'retro' look is screw on connectors over some black rubber, but other than that, the cable looks cool and works well.I also have the shorter red cable which goes with one of my guitars perfectly. I bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables. It's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident. The green cable is good for that.
Very good cable. Well made and it looks great with my Candy Apple Red Tele. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because it tends not to lay flat on the floor.
Cant go wrong. Great quality on a budget price  - Hosa is the go to when you need to hook things up
The Hosa XLR cables are affordable and very heavily made.I have a large mixer and rack and cables everywhere.I decided to purchase shorter cables and the Hosa cables 5ft measurement worked perfectly.You really will not be disappointed with these.
Hosa products are a good bang for the buck. I haven't looked up the specifications, but I'm guessing the wire is 22 to 24 AWG, but since it's only 10' long, it's good enough.
This cable seems like it will last me for a while. As it is only being used to connect a DI box it will not get abused as much as the vocal mics always do.
These are not the greatest but they're cheap and they get to you fast when you need them. I've only had one fail and I've bought many of them to use in our broadcast studio.Amazon is the first place I go when I need cables for audio, video, computers or concert lighting.Good music to all!
This is a fine cable at a decent price point, nothing exceptional mind, but it gets the job done well enough.
I bought this cord after returning a cheap one that I should've known better than to buy. My son, who has some experience as a musician recommended the Hosa brand when I was seeking a proper replacement.I bought it for a small home recording setup which includes a Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Behringer Xenyx 302 Mixer, and both ends make a reliable connection to both the board and the mic; the sound quality is excellent.An excellent value for the money.
This is a very nice cable for the price. I already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. Inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. Haven't noticed any hum or crackles. For sure a good buy.
Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff.  Only time will tell how well the soldering is.  Sounds fine to me.
I am not hard on cables.  I typically just plug them in to my guitar, dont move around much, and play for an hour or two a day.  this one seem to perform just fine.  no buzz, and/or other noises noted.  I have several of them and they have all performed well.
This my second Hosa guitar cable.  (The other one is shorter.)  Like my first Hosa cable, this is a high quality item.  I'd definitely buy more cables of this brand.
Good product at a good price. Have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker. Great to have when friends come over to jam.
Hosa cable quality can be all over the place, some of their products are good (sound good, reliable, long lasting) and some of their products are not good (affect sound negatively, break prematurely, short useful life span).These guitar cords are actually quite nice, they feel good (gooey soft rubber jacket like Mogami), they sound good and so far they are working reliably, the rubber jacket is about .25&#34; in diameter (by eye) and there is a short heat shrink overwrap to add strength where the wire enters the plug.I bought these when I needed cables fast for an internet concert, we had lots of pedals and signal splits to connect up. These cables arrived in good working condition and we've been using them continuously since.We have over a dozen tube amps and are very particular about sound degradation but so far these cables have not disappointed anyone.I would buy more if I needed them.
For the price, fantastic.They do feel light and I don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again I am not going to push it.Set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.But for seven bucks it gets the job done. Recommended if you are doing the "beginner" thing and testing the waters.Otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.
Only complaint is the size which is my fault. If you can buy at least a 15 foot if you plan to use it on stage.
I've been using these for about 3 weeks now - they are strong but flexible and don't seem to develop kinks or bending "habits" if you roll them up the proper way.I've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point.  And I've certainly seen quite a few worse!  This is a pretty good sweet spot, in my opinion.
If you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an XLR microphone to a digital recorder or a PC.It works fine for the handy type recorders.But forget hooking this directly to a PC.  Way too much noise.
This adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small DV cameras will function but with caveats.First, it's construction is pretty light weight. That means you will have to be "gentle" with it when using it. That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up.Second, the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. That means you would need another short XLR mic cable to extend from the mic to this adapter.So just be aware that this may work fine for some and not work at all for others. I went to Sam Ash music and found a similar adapter cable, heavy duty, and with a longer cable for the same price. It pays to shop around!
Well made. Works as it should. However, seem to be getting a little bit of noise from a shotgun mic straight into a D800. (more than the usual expected)To see if it was the Mic, cable, or adapter; Tested it going straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.Seems to be a little but more noise going through this adapter cable than straight into the XLR input.No big surprises. Minor clean up in post.
Haven't used it yet but if it's like the other cables I have from the same company, it should work fine.
This is what it is... A super cheap mono cable. It should be sufficient for many needs and is cheap enough that thin wire gauge and such can be forgiven. Just be aware that it is cheap and unshielded, etc.For the price and intent, I almost gave it 5 stars. But it's not a 5-star cable... It's a fair quality ultra cheap cable. 4 stars seems about right. (Yes, this is almost exactly what I wrote about the other Hosa cable I reviewed.)
This L Jack is good enough to make connections between my guitar pedals and it works fine. Flexible enough. I don't like only the fact that it's made out of plastic and it looks cheap, but for the price i paid for it i don't really care.
These little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..I'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. The product description says 6 inches, right? If you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PGXKC8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) The Hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. I only used the Hosa cable as an emergency back up.To conclude, would I recommend these? Yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. But my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else.
Works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems
these cable came super fast in the mail, They deliver the level of performance you would expect form low cost cables. they work
I bought 6 of these XLR to 1/4&#34; adapters hoping to connect my microphones to an old funky mixer I owned with 1/4&#34; inputs.  It didn't end up working because I discovered I needed to convert the microphone level to line level (which these don't do), however they do convert XLR to 1/4&#34; balanced quite well.  Just not what I needed in my particular situation.
As the title says, it works.  The only reason I took off a star is sometimes it gets a little stuck and I have to use some force to get it off the XLR.  But, no issues besides that.
This converts an xlr signal (for me, a Shure SM57 mic) into a 1/4 male (I run it into a guitar pedalboard and then an amp).  Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that.  Could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall.
I bought this XLR splitter to split the lead vocal from FOH to my monitor rack.  Used this way it worked great and I never had any problems with signal loss or power issues.  I began using a transformer isolated XLR splitter after we started playing bigger venues and no longer use this splitter.  My only issue with the Hosa Y splitter is that the cable length from the female connector to the male connectors is very short, so short that it would cause the microphone cables to stick out from the mic stand when I plugged it into our lead singer's microphone.  It would be great on a guitar mic or something that's close to the ground, or horizontally placed, but it looks a little funny coming off of a vertical microphone stand.
If I didn't think that purchasing these items from Amazon I wouldn't do it, plus and more important I have worked as a Purchasing Coordinator for over 25 years now I know how to save money and if purchasing that are great and believe me or not I can find even cables that I can't find in RadioShack, Best Buys no where else, I have done a lot of Purchasing not just for myself, but for business. These Ladies and Gentlemen know what they are doing and they know how to take care of business in the right way, I would like to apply for a position with them.Regards,ffsalsa
I was getting errors that my printer cartridge wasn't recognized and I sprayed some on the contacts and wiped off the excess with a paper towel.  Now it's working!
The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord... I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics...
As a freelancer, I occasionally work with a band that plays the Midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis.  These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet.  It's all about money to them.  I couldn't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57's and 58's.  I still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much).  But these Nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.I'm a keyboardist, so mic power and fidelity don't affect me.  I'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important "gear component."  At the same time, my embarrassment, I confess, is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee.  After all, who's playing--and getting paid for it?
We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long.  I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price.  We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also.  I would have given it 5 stars if the cord connection to the mic was not a little loose.
I bought this cable for my band's live show setup.  I bought it almost a year ago and still currently use it for the same application.  While not the best quality cable, the length and price make it a good value for the money, especially if you're buying several at a time.  I don't use these cables in the studio but for live, they're fine.  I'd recommend this cable if you're on a budget and looking to buy several at a time.  If you're only going to buy one, I'd look into Canare or Mogami, they're a little bit more expensive but easy to get and worth the price.
If they're used for live performances they will not last very long! Good for the price. I need to resolder the ends after a concert though.
I bought this cable in order to be able to run longer cable runs on stage. It works for that. It's a narrower gauge of wire than some of my other cables, and that makes me a little cagy about its durability. I tend to use it for cable runs where I don't expect a lot of movement (e.g., running a cable to a mic stand) and save my better cables for the belt pack mics.The jacket on the cable has a very pronounced butyl rubber smell, and it really activated my allergies at first. I stored the mic cables in an open cardboard box for a few months before using them, and that seemed to help a lot with the rubber smell. Not everyone has allergies, so this might not be an issue for all folks--but I couldn't use these cables for anything near my face for the first few months.They're cheap and they work fine. I haven't noticed any sound issues at all.
I've had this cable for awhile and I'm not too impressed with the quality. The plug and jack look cheap and the cable is thin. I use it at home on a practice mic and it hasn't had much of a workout. I don't think it would hold up long on stage at a venue.
The Gain on this mic isn't the greatest, but for speeches and soft recordings: this guy can handle it all very well!
I have a few Shure SM58s which cost more.  I like the open sound of the PG48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the SM58s.  I like this mic ok but the SM58 is worth the extra money I think, especially if you expect to push its capability.
4 stars instead of 5 only because this thing won't tune your guitar or carry your amp. I use this solo, in a duo with a bass player, in a trio with drums and bass. I have a regular gig at a medium sized club that is basically one large room. I use it through a Pyle Pro self contained Pa into which I also plug my Martin GRP elec/acoustic. The sound quality is excellent. The volume seems limited only bny what the Pyle Pro will put out. I would have no hesitation using this for bigger rooms with a full band and PA. I haven't heard a hint of feedback and the on/off switch is a plus.The 36.99 price might seem to good to be true but think of the things for which we are paying less for than we used to. I bought a 32&#34; Toshiba flat screen for around 230 bucks, Think of what that would have cost even five years ago or less. The same is true of a lot of Audio Gear. A lot of companies are bringing high quality elctronics and music to the market but it's great to have a company like Shure make something so good and so affordable. They have always made a high quality product and now they have one that almost anyone can afford. I cannot recommend it strongly enough.
So far, I'm very happy with this Microphone. Tone quality is fine and does everything I need it to do for backup vocals in my band. Although a longer cable would be nice, it's great a cable and was included in the package.
It is so hard to get an honest review of any mike that isn't a Shure SM58. This is considered the gold standard by which all others are measured. Of course at least part of this reputation is deserved, but perhaps more for the durability of the SM58 than its sound. I have a couple of SM58s and a couple of PG58s. I was considering the SM48, but the PG58 has slightly better specs, and almost identical price.The first thing I noticed out of the box was that the PG58 is slightly bigger and slightly heavier. It also has a different switch than the SM58. The metal screens protecting them aren't interchangeable. I then plugged in one microphone cable so the settings would be identical. I tried both mikes, one after the other, first with speaking and then with singing and playing guitar, and then I changed the settings, or more specifically, the effects and the EQ on the PA. I repeated the experiment, speaking and then singing while changing between mikes.Here's what I noticed: The SM58 is slightly flatter in the mid range. The PG58 is slightly brighter and has a touch more presence. They are about equal on volume. The slight differences in tone can be easily manipulated with an EQ or just ordinary tone controls. Neither was susceptible to much feedback or vocal pop.I haven't tried out this side by side comparison in a live situation or even in practice, as it's too time consuming and interferes with playing. It's difficulty to judge in those situations too, or at least awkward, but I have used a combination of the two in practice and no one seems to be able to tell the difference, except one person actually expressed a preference for the PG58, but that could be just the settings.I looked at the specs for the two mikes side by side. The SM58 is a little flatter in response, especially at the high end, over 10K Hz, and it picks up a few dB before the PG 58, somewhere between 50 and 60 Hz. However, since the human vocal range is generally between around 300 and 3000 Hz, neither of these seems likely to have much effect, although the SM58 might be a tad more responsive for a bass singer.I also tried out two different Behringer mikes and a Radio Shack mike. The Behringer 8500 was totally outclassed by both of the Shures, sounding tinny and thin and with little presence or volume. I tried out a Behringer 2000XM and was impressed by the similarity. These mikes sound almost identical (The B 2000 and the Shure SM). The Behringer 2000XM seems to have been discontinued, though, and replaced with the 1800XM, an inferior mike offered in bundles of three for under $50.I then plugged in a Radio Shack mike that was a spare backup, not even taken out for practice. The model number is 33-3001, probably also discontinued. This was an excellent sounding mike, with good volume, presence and tone.I didn't have any other mikes to test in this side by side experiment, but I did reach some conclusions:There is quite a bit of snobbery in choosing microphones, with the Shure SM58 held up as some unreachable standard. They ARE sturdy, and they are good mikes and the price is not unreasonable, at around $100. However, there are other microphones which sound nearly identical and are also sturdy and reliable, at lower prices, including the Shure PG58, and most likely the SM48, though I didn't have any of those to test.I wish more people would give unbiased reviews based on actual performance instead of condescension toward those who are either on a budget or looking for alternatives to the standard bearer. I'm giving this 4 stars only because I haven't had enough time to give an evaluation of how this holds up in comparison to the SM58.
I bought this one to replace a Shure 8900. It's a big step up from that one. I am pleased with it. The old one had a lot of handling noise. This one has a little but it is very good for the money I paid for it. My next one will be an SM58, but that will be awhile from now. I'm very happy with this PG58.Update:December 2012The handling noise is definitely something to consider. It would keep me from buying another one of these. Other mics I own don't have this problem to this degree.
I started with the Shure PG58 and most recently acquired the Shure SM58.  I'd probably be all too ready to agree with those who argue that a Neumann or Telefunken mic costing 5 G's simply isn't that much better than a Nady mic costing 10 bucks.  But with respect to the Shure, I'm less sure that the SM58 isn't worth 40% more than the PG58.  Perhaps if you have a sufficiently high-powered and "clean" amplifier and have tweaked the EQ settings to favor the frequencies of the human voice, the two mics could be mistaken for one another.  It was my attempts to occasionally use an instrument amplifier as an emergency P.A. that led me to realize the PG58 sounded somewhat muted and dull compared to the SM58.  Switching to the more common, admittedly more expensive mic, gave me just the extra gain I needed along with added crispness and clarity to the voice (at least for announcements).P.S. I notice that the head of the PG58 is larger than that of the SM58.  Since the rise of the "digital audio workstation" (who doesn't have a computer with free, included Garage Band on it?), large, even gold-plated, expensive-looking but cheap mics are on display all over the place.  Despite appearances, when it comes to mics, size doesn't matter--except for appearances (directors of high school show bands will dispense those headsets that wrap half-way around the face, knowing that the girls in the front-line think they're cool--they look just like Madonna'a or Janet's headgear). Some of the best mics are tiny, with an opening the size of a pin-hole.
I use this to mic snare drums and sometimes guitar cabinets. It works as well as most mics and is more durable than most. I have used this in the studio when nothing else was available and it worked fine. As long as I run sound for a living I will keep some of these mics.
Considering that the SM57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone, I guess the 58 gets Batman status, relegating the 57 to that of Robin. But that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.The SM (Studio Microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. In that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the SM58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. So the SM57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.One of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the White House. A pair of SM57's is always seen on various White House podiums for press conferences and there is even a VIP bundled kitShure SM57 VIP Dual Microphone Kityou can buy for this exact type of use.The SM57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. That's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. And on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.There is a Performer SeriesShure Beta 57A Microphonethat looks very similar to the SM57 but the Beta 57 has a different mic capsule and transformer and sounds different. So make sure you try before you buy.Bottom line is the Shure SM57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. A best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians.
This mic is well made (heavy on the mic-end).  However, I have yet to try it with my multi-track studio.
It is not a bad mic for the price ( If you want a real good one with studio quality mic it would cost over 600 bucks) but it is no comparison to a studio mic since I have worked in a recording studio. Now, you need to decide what you want, getting a studio mic alone does not give you the result you are looking for; it is like having HD TV and BD player but playing an ordinary CD. You would have to compliment the mic with many other products like a studio quality mixer, speakers and so on. If you are a home or hobby user, then go for this mic. This mic is quite good for its price. I would probably say, it exceeds your expectations.Arrived as promised in a frustration free packing. Also, make sure you buy a foam mic hood for the mic to save it from unwanted dirt and spit.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is , mine had a little dent on the body ( may be due to transportation) but it has nothing to do with the function but just the looks.
How do you review an SM58?? I've used these most of my life, and will continue to. Very durable, I got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) I also use a D5 (AKG - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup.
The first rule of microphones is that, "No one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  Rule two is, "Experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  I've used Shure SM58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  I primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but I have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.The SM58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use.  Some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the Shure SM-57.  The SM-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice.  For example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the SM-58.  People with softer or weaker voices will want the SM-58.The SM-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  This mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  The reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type Shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  On the other hand, the SM-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  While the SM-58 is certainly the number one professional PA vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  The live vocal mic that works best for me is the Shure SM-57 with a windscreen.  However for other people the SM-58 works better.  It depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  If you have a very deep voice, the SM-58 might be the second best choice after the SM-57 which has a better low frequency response.One certain advantage of the SM-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  This mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying PA squeal.  Another advantage of the SM-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  The SM-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  I've seen SM-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet I've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.All the pro-line Shure mics are top quality.  The pro line Shures also hold their value well.  If you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on eBay.  I would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  Senneheiser's EVOLUTION mics sound really good too and are worth a look. The SM-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.
This mic works better for some people than others. That being said it is the first mic I put in a lead singers hand upon meeting them. If it doesn't sound good then I try something else. I have no complaints it is my GO TO MIC.
I bought two microphones, a AKG D5 and SM58.  I like AKG D5 a little better than this because the vocal sounded a lot clearer and crisp on the AKG.The SM sounded muted compared to D5 without any sound modification out of box.  The output is also a little less sensitive than the D5.However I like the look of SM58 and it seems to be extremely durable.
In the immortal words that John Cameron Swayze used when hawking his Timex watches during the early days of live television, the Shure SM58 Vocal mic fits perfectly into that same category.Before I found a career as a film and television sound recordist and mixer, I played in rock bands and did live sound mixing. One of the very first mics we truly fell in love with was the SM58. Introduced by the Shure Brothers Company in 1966, the SM58 quickly rose to become the industry standard in rugged road mics that actually sound good to the ear and are nearly indestructible.The mic capsule is of cardiord (heart shaped) design which helps reject sound from either side. There is a 4K bump in it's frequency which helps vocals cut through stage noise. Construction is rugged, frequency response is 50 to 15,000 Hz, and the capsule sits internally on a foam shock mount to help isolate it from handling noise.We used to joke about the SM58 in that if you needed a hammer and you couldn't find one, just grab one of these, they are that tough. I've seen some of these on the road that you couldn't believe still worked, but they did and sounded great.The cage style pop screen gives the SM58 not only it's distinctive look, one that influenced many other mic brands from the day it was introduced, but it's part of the functionality. Internally lined with a layer of acoustic foam, the cage helps keep vocals pops from getting to the dynamic mic element. As a frame of reference, theShure SM57LC Shure SM57 Cardioid Dynamic Microphoneis the same exact mic and capsule, but without the pop screen.Shure also sells a Performer series mic, theShure Beta 58A Supercardioid Dynamic Microphonethat looks almost identical to the SM58 but uses a totally different mic capsule and transformer and has a different sound so try before you buy.The Shure SM58 is still considered the industry standard of live performance mics today and for the price, they really are a good deal.
There are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there.  Its all just so much marketing garbage. These mics are the best mic for the buck out there.  Anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a**.
The mic is well made (heavy on the &#34;mic&#34; end), but I have yet to try it with my pop filter and multi-track studio.
I use this cable for small home recording projects. I do not take the cable around to gigs or shows, as I am pretty sure it wouldn't last longer than a few months of heavy use. The sound quality is fine and the metal connecters feel a little bit flimsy. If your looking for something that is cheap and will do the job, this is your product.
Pay a couple bucks more and you get one from a brand like Audio Technica and you know it's going to withstand the test of time.  Mine is working fairly well but the attachments are loosening so who knows what's next.
The product feels a little on the "cheap" side, but definitely does the job the way it should- so that's all I care about. It was cheap, and came fast. I recommend it.
This was one of two I purchased. Also bought the 25' Length and used them on an assignment recently.  They fit my RODE Mic nice and tight, other cords I have bought didn't and the sound quality is excellent. If Amazon allowed a link I would give you a link to a video I just finished on the Independence of the Seas.  Go to my website and look for it...IPA IMPRESS dot Com
Not much to say other than it's a good cable. Good solid connections with no play. After consistent use, it's going strong.
No complaints, it's quiet enough and the price is right. Is it a Monster cable? No, but it doesn't cost as much either. I've used this on lead vocal tracks into a studio condensor mic for professional album sessions and it was fine.
I purchased this to connect a Sennheiser E825 mike with guitar amps. This requires, of course, the addition of a 1/4 inch adapter plug. The cable itself has worked perfectly and proved both durable and of a suitable length at least for jamming with friends and playing in small venues. Recommended.UPDATE: I marked this product down one star after a connector fell apart during what I regarded as relatively light duty. The set screw fell out and could not be found. I've had similar problems with other Pyle products. If you buy them, I recommend tat you get a micro-screwdriver set as well so that you can tighten te connector screws before you have a similar xperience.
Good quality rack screws that come with rubber washers to protect face of equipment.  Arrived ahead of estimated arrival time which is always nice.
Hey, it gets the job done and that's all I can ask for.  I tried several "cheapo" pedals, and this one was my favorite of them all.  While some had better casings (metal instead of plastic), at the end of the day I'm looking for a good sound, not a pretty pedal board.  The pedal seems solid enough, it doesn't take up much space, it sounds great, and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.AND, if you are like the typical musician, you are looking for something that's not going to break the bank.
Hello Musicfriends - This is built cheap but sounds great. Good controls too. For me in the studio/songwriting  its perfect but I would not exactly go on tour with it..... There is something about the knobs I still love, even if all my other digital units have a tremolo hidden in it... may be  the age thing...
it sounds great.  nice and warm and lush.  one of the better trems i've had the pleasure to use.  however, i hate the plastic housing, and how the input/output jacks are located.  I don't have heavy feet, so it will probably last a good long while on my board, but i really wouldn't want to put too much weight on it.
The title says it all.  I got it for $16 (free shipping with Amazon Prime), which is cheaper than my local music store.  I keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove.  With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used.  It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  And best of all... it works!
a couple of bucks more than dunlop...which i have not tried..i own a couple wish they were cheeper i would have one in each case..but it works fine..and is well made...arrived on time..enjoy
Like this camo capo's simplicity and its unique color.  My friend got a new one after seeing me using it, but his is a bit shorter than mine.  Mine works both uke & acoustic guitar, I have no problem to use it on single hand.  As the manufactor suggests for its duration, I don't clip it on the guitar when it's not in use. :)
I have had one for two years and no complaints, needed another for my travel guitar.  The lever arm is coated with a soft plastic sleeve which protects the neck, the spring is firm and in 2 years has not given up any tension. Finally on the string compression side the material is firm yet supple.  I take particular caution to make sure that I don't leave it on anything that would indent that material permanently...
I currenty use two types of capos - the Kyser one and Shubb capos.  Both are the most popular capos around but have different strengths and weaknesses.The benefits of the Kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo I've come across, doesn't require tension adjustment, and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use.  The primary benefit of the Shubb is that it has adjustable tension (and second, it's smaller).The main drawback of the Kyser is the lack of adjustable tension.  Because it's designed to work across the fretboard, it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets, causing frets to wear faster over time.  Because of this I prefer to use the Kyser on my less expensive guitar and the Shubbs on the guitar I baby.
Got what I needed - a basic capo for a good price.  The tension is a little tighter than I'd like, but works for me.  Covers all strings, and depresses them fully.  I don't use it often, so I can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!
I don't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo, but this one is quite good.  For those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use.  It does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built.  It is as with all capos,  important to take it off when not in use so the "rubber" does not get grooved.  This is just good common sense.  If this lasts a couple of years I will definitely purchase another.
It's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes I wonder if it fits too tightly, as when I use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes I feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well.
Good strong spring and good strong materials.  The only improvement I would make is the clear protector that holds behind the neck.  The protector needs to be longer.  As the protector ages it slips off the end.  If it had more surface extended from end to the base where it pivots it would help.
I have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently. The price is right for these, and they work just fine. My only real issue is that sometimes, they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you're going to bar, thus producing a sound you weren't looking for. Some of the higher end capo's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring. However, like i say, these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard, and are from what i can tell, the most popular model on the market.
Easy to use capo. Good strength - holds the strings down well.. Not sure that it's as good as the G7th capo, which I still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune, but the Kyser is much cheaper and does a good job.
I really like my capo, the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic, and it works as it should. However, I feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product. For example, I think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer, and rounded (the back side of a guitar neck is rounded, after all). The spring could definitely be tighter...I do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough. Also, the design is fairly nice, but it's mostly aesthetic...it's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.Don't get me wrong, this is a rather good product, and it's priced about right. It just isn't a high end product/5-star perfect.
These Martin strings (M170) aren't bad. They just are not the sound I was looking for. I ended up like the Ernie Ball Earthwood extra light instead. The Martin's are little shallow on the low end unlike the Ernie Ball. Other people will love them though. They are easy to play.
Martin makes great sounding strings.  I decided to use Light Martin strings (.12) because they sounded louder and better, and I could play them just as easy as the lighter strings.
This is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good.  I broke the high E on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily I had bought 2 packs at the same time.  So, I want to keep a completed pack for back up.  I have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session.  I have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter.
These are okay strings for the Folk Guitar.............nothing special but the price isn't out of the world either. Good buy for the money. Tried them on a Gibson J50 and they seem to do good.
I love these strings.  I bought a set awhile back for my Ovation, but never used them.  Then I came into possession of an old Yamaha acoustic guitar which was pretty beat up and needed new strings.  I put these suckers on there and wow was I impressed.  Even that old beater guitar sounded great and played easily with these strings.  So... I bought another set for the Ovation this time!
I bought this pick holder because I hate putting a pick between my strings to hold it and because you can't play with a pick in your strings. I originally thought this thing would be kind of large and go all the way across the headstock. Boy was I wrong. The picture is misleading.  This thing is tiny and barely goes across three string. It wedges under neath two strings and you can put two picks (maybe more if they are thin) into the wedges on top. Stays in place well and is very convenient.Only negative is I don't know how long it will hold up. I think maybe a thicker rubber rather than this foam rubber would have held up better. I can see this thing eventually losing tension in the pick holder wedges and dropping picks.
I love the idea that you don't need a pocket in your strap or elsewhere to store your pick. Further it will not add something else to find/loose in my pants pocket.
I'm using this right now on my acoustic and it does its job in respect to holding your picks. It was smaller then I would have pictured, but it still is a good product. It can hold light to heavy picks and its super easy to put it and take it off. Only problem I had was that it moves a lot when putting my pick back in. Besides that, its highly recommendable to anyone. I will definitely pick up more for my other axes.
Not too much to say, it's made out of foam, made to slip between the strings, made to hold two picks.  I have several of these, for acoustics and for electrics.  My son lost one before during a performance on stage so it is not that secure that it won't be dislodged, still, it does stay on majority of the time.  I do recommend this.  My son's guitar teacher calls this a "fancy little pick holder" and I've had people ask where to buy one when they see it for the first time.  One must also be careful, my son lost one of these so I know it is a possibility of it falling off.  He lost it after performing in a play on stage.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I use this to hold my picks on my acoustic guitar. Got tired of losing picks in mid jam, digging through pockets, scavenging for another pick. Now it's right there.
This thing does just what it was supposed to, i use it on my practice bass since i use any type of picks on that, and it does just what it is supposed to
I bought one of these to try on my Asher Junior lap steel guitar to hold two finger picks and a thumb pick. Worked, but it was difficult getting all three picks in one Wedgie so I ordered a second one. Between the two of them, between the 2nd/3rd and 4th/5th strings up next to the nut, works pretty good holding these types of picks (which admittedly, the Wedgie was not actually designed for). Liked it so much I ordered two more for my acoustic and electric guitar and one for my bass (the bass version). Only down side I see is -- they DO seem loose like they could fall out AND I doubt the picks will stay in place when I case my guitar (haven't tried it yet). But otherwise, worth the price and a good doo-dad to have around. Especially if you have a lap steel and need a place to stick your finger picks on the guitar itself (real help to me staying organized!).
I had been learning on a Squier for about six months and really wanted a better guitar. After doing research, reading reviews, and checking it out in a guitar store, I chose this one.It's much easier to play than the Squier, and it has a better sound. Like the Squier (but not as bad), it gets a little buzzy on the top strings. I suspect it might need to be adjusted, but I don't have a clue as to how to go about it.It's also a good choice for women. I'm a small woman, and I really like that the neck is smaller. It's also fairly lightweight.Overall, I'm happy with my choice. A guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. Maybe. I expect to be happy with it for a few years before I upgrade again.
I bought it 3 years ago here at amazon and I couldn't be happier.  This was my first electric and after over a year of owning it, I got a way more expensive Fender Strat and I still prefer how this Epiphone feels; it is really lightweight, a lot more that even other Les Pauls and the distance between frets is smaller than the one in other guitars I have tried, this makes it VERY easy to play, it stays in tune and it looks really REALLY lovely.I like it so much, that I decided to add a pair of Slash's Alnico IIs on it, that cost more than the guitar itself, this only made it sound incredibly awesome and improve the sustain, good ol' crunchy-bluessy rock.Call me cheap if you want and I wouldn't care, this is one of those items that makes you wonder, how come there's others way more overpriced and just don't find a way to justify that a "real" Gibson Les Paul will sound $800 - $1000 better.It wasn't until recently (after 3 years - I estimate somewhere around 1000 hours of heavy use) that it started fretting and that's why I gave it only 4 stars; but what would you expect from a $200 guitar...?  I'm sure this can be easily fixed by any guitar tech and it will continue been the sweet-tone machine it has always been.  If you're learning, looking for a first electric or just want a "practice" axe that will not dissapoint you, just go ahead and buy it, don't give it a 2nd thought and do it.
Purchased primarily for Rocksmith and it works very well for that.  Still learning how to play, but like the feel of this guitar.  Looks great and plays great.  Was packaged very well.  Only needed minor setup adjustments. I would recommend getting strap locks.
A friend showed up at our monthly guitar club meeting with this and I loved having an on/off switch right at my fingertips. Genius!I bought 2 immediately. The shorter one goes from my guitar to the pedal board and the longer one from the pedal board to the amp. Works like a charm and no excuse now for damaging amps or ears.Two issues to consider. The right angle plug was a mm or 2 short of being able to stick into my Tele and my Takamine. It would not seat properly and would slide out. I had to turn the cord around and use the right angle on the pedal board side, where it worked, but now the switch is &#34;down there&#34;. I don't think Planet Waves is the first connector that I had a problem with that so I dont blame them, but maybe stick with the straight jack if you are not sure. Second issue is simply that these little button-switches are fussy. You have to make sure you have it in the right position by looking at them - feel wont do. (If you see the white edge they are &#34;quiet&#34;)
I love this cable. It is perfect for making guitar changes without noise. The cable itself does not seem quite as good quality as my other Planet Waves cables but it is still better than most others. The switch is easy to use.
I like the product a lot. For me, the only problem is the time of the "sustainer effect".It is not so long as I thought. I though it would be like the piano's sustainer. But it's a good pedal effect. My guitar get a good sound with the "attack effect". Thank you.
As several of the previous posters astutely mentioned, 'you will need a noise gate to use this pedal'. I completely agree with that. And it will sustain your notes. It will actually raise the volume to make them sustain. But you will have extraneous hiss when the guitar is not playing to cover it up. The only way to get rid of this hiss is to use a noise gate. I use the NS-2 when I use my chain of pedals. That said, this pedals has some wonderful uses. Every note will have the same volume. You can hit the chord as hard as you like or as softly and it will play at the same volume. You can set it to sustain for days. Again, you will need a noise gate. There is nothing transparent about THIS compressor as there is almost all of my other compressors, but none of them are as "ACTIVE" as this one. Perhaps that's the price you pay for what this pedal can do. I recommend messing with it quite a while. You can do some incredible funk, jazz, metal vibes out of it.
The Boss CS3 is right for me, I have been using it with excellent results, I have many compressors, Line6, MXR, Behringer, Digitech, and although I alternate their use the Boss stands out on many rig configurations, it can feel a little bit overcompressed sometimes but in general a very good product, I highly recommended it as your main compressor, if you dont like it probably you dont know how to configure it, good luck.
It really pains me to give anything but a 5-star review to a BOSS product, since I'm such a big fan of their product line and build quality overall.  Those compliments apply equally to the CS-3 Compression Sustainer.  And it does do the job reasonably well without me having to worry about putting a less-reliable brand in my signal chain.However, there are some minor issues with this pedal that you need to know.  The two most common complaints that I see are that it adds "noise" to your amp and that it changes the tone a bit.  The former complaint is probably true, though if you're enough of a hobbyist to use a Compression Sustainer, you're probably already contemplated using a noise gate/suppressor, such as the BOSS NS-2.  Problem solved.As for the latter complaint (changes tone), that's also true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing if you LIKE the tone that results.  The whole point of the CS-3 is that it's supposed to cut out the extremes of your tone and sustain it.  This can result in a muddy, "neutered" tone, though you can play with the TONE and other settings to help it.  I also find that with the settings all at 12 O'Clock, the output is too quiet compared to other pedals at default settings.Really, while BOSS pedals are considered to be "expensive" compared to many of the other effects out there, the CS-3 should really be viewed as a "budget" or "entry level" compressor, when you consider that most of the quality compressors are either in rack units or something like a Keeley Compressor costing north of $200.  The best thing you can say about the BOSS (even compared to the similarly-priced MXR options) is that the CS-3 gives you a great deal of control over your compression for a reasonable price.  The biggest negative of the pedal, in my opinion, is that the resulting sound might seem a little too...compressed.But there are a lot of things you could do with a CS-3, and it works best paired with other pedals (chorus, delay, some distortions) that you're trying to smooth out.  Ultimately, it's a pedal that could have been better, though there aren't too many significantly better alternatives until you get north of $100 anyway.
Think of this as an artist's tool.  And for every job there is the 'right' tool.  Is this the best distortion pedal?  That really depends on what sound you are trying to get and what other gear/technique you are using with it.  If you are using bad gear or poor technique it will not perform miracles.  It will not make your 15 watt solid state Ibanez Soundblaster amp sound like a raging Orange Rockerverb and it will not make single coils sound like EMG 81/85s.  But arguing over what pedal is 'best' is like two painters arguing over what color is best used to paint a sunrise.  This pedal is good for a tight kind of distortion- but not so heavy that you can do modern metal if running into a clean amp - if that makes any sense. It it doesn't make sense, there are ample Youtube reviews you can check out before pulling the trigger.  It has been used by professional players like Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and Kurt Cobain. It is a professional pedal used by professional musicians.  It's built like a brick and durable as all get-out.  I found mine used for $20, but the new asking price is fair. I would like to see Boss start using true bypass instead of the buffered bypass they use, but admittedly I don't detect any tonesuck with it.  I've run mine into a tube amp on the verge of breakup and it can really get things cooking.  It also takes an overdrive or sustainer pretty well to bump the gain and get some singing leads.  With the exception of 'modeler' type pedals from companies like Tech 21, I do not think that any dirtboxes- this included- perform optimally when run into a solid state amp.  So if you are not happy with the way it is distorting your Marshall MG, the problem is in your amp.
This is a distortion pedal. It will give your amp a boost for solos and turn a clean amp into a dirty girl. It's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. The DS-1 DOES NOT warm up the tone in your amp. You can dial the tone in, but it's a pretty harsh sounding.That said - the DS-1 does exactly what I wanted it to. My amp gives me a nice warm crunch, classic rock style. The DS-1 gives me the 80's metal and punk rock sound I wanted, and it does so flawlessly.It took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the DS-1. It's BOSS, so it will last forever.Th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. Usually Amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.
This is a little more expensive than some other brands, but i think it sounds great and it's way more durable than a plastic pedal.I'm pretty new to electric guitar so i'm not really a distortion and tone expert like some other reviewers.  To me this this sounds better and is easier to adjust than my modeling amp, so I think it's a good purchase.
There's some element of nostalgia with the DS-1 that I've just never understood.  I know they're cheap.  I know they're incredibly durable (as are all BOSS pedals).  I know everybody had one or tried one at some point, and Kurt Cobain (apparently) used them with his Fenders.But I also know that I've almost never been happy with the tone I get when I step on the pedal.  It's incredibly thin and harsh, and lacks proper sustain, even cranked all the way.  I've used it on Marshall solid state amps and Vox tube amps.  Fender single coil pickups and guitars with humbuckers.  You can mess with the TONE and DIST dials all you want, but there has to be dozens of other affordable pedals, and even on-amp distortion, with a richer, deeper tone.Coincidentally, I also used the BOSS OS2 Overdrive/Distortion for many years, which is supposedly merges/blends a DS-1 with an OD-1.  That pedal isn't ideal either, but if I turn the knob all the way to "distortion", it's a much better tone than I ever got out of a DS-1.Then again, it is very dependable and usually only $40 (or less), so I can't really give it a bad review because it probably does belong in everyone's collection.  That just doesn't mean you'll want to use it all the time.
Good metal distortion tone with bags of sustain but sucks a lot of tone (most metal pedals do) and is moderately noisy. If you are looking for classic rock sounds you won't find them here. Can get muddy at times but there are plenty of settings to tweak to get the sound you are looking for. I find it useful for high gain leads and palm mute rhythms but note definition is not so good with chords. For the price this pedal is a good deal though!
I've had this for about 11 years now. Even with some of the newer metal pedals on the market, this pedal still sells well. Not to mention, it's probably also one of the most modded pieces out there. Any number of mods can be found online to change the sound. They're usually on the side of improving the stock tone, which I'm happy with.I've always liked the parametric EQ on this pedal. The variable midrange allows me to get Marshall or Mesa flavors. For most metal/hard rock music, the gain range is enough for me. If I need yet more gain, I punch it up with an overdrive, or a compressor pedal for a cleaner boost. Even without a boost, I can use it for death metal. I think if you play the tighter, more technical styles, it's better not to have too much gain anyhow.
To be honest, I was looking for a pedal that would give me distortion similar to Megadeth's first album KIMB. So far I havnt got a perfect setup on it yet, but ive got close enough to it. This pedal is great, only a couple notes I should make about it. Do NOT buy this pedal if your expecting to play classic rock, or just rock in general. This pedal is for metal. The battery drains like a MF. I dont understand why. The only possible explanation I can think is that I leave it plugged into guitar and amp, but ive had other pedals that wouldnt drain the battery unless its TURNED ON. I prefer just to get an AC adapter and not use batteries. Other than those few things iv had no problems with this great pedal.
First of all I want to say I love a tube amp distortion.  Overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be.  I run a Randall G3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state I've used or heard.  For recording I use a Peavey 5150 and its so sweet.  Tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.Recently I started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that I felt like could only be achieved through a pedal.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, I used the DOD death metal for years when I first started playing.  However, there is a downside.  Go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old AM radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250.  Quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.I chose the MT-2 because I know Boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using.  It gives a variety of sounds.  It can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones.  The controls make it very tweakable and I have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it.  Read the included book, look up some MP3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings.  It will help you tame this pedal into what you want.  Perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot.  There are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.I've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz.  I must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig.  Within 10 minutes I was pleased with the MT-2.  I used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.I say the MT-2 is worth an investment if you're looking for a big distortion sound from a little pedal.  Surely something guitarists should consider adding to their board.
This is a great pedal I picked up used, they can be had cheaply on the used market. I actually use it with both an acoustic electric guitar to get a little distortion and the bass guitar for some grit. The 2 EQ pots on the front panel make it very versatile, enough to use with a cigar box guitar also.The pedal can preserve bass signal and still be EQ'd for saturated distortion. The other reviews speak for this pedal both here and on other sites and one can see why it is so popular. I also other Boss Distortion pedals. Like most people, I own a DS-1 and an MD-2 which are both cheap and effective. I own a HM-2 Heavy Metal 2 which caters more to the traditional metal sound and I actually think this pedal is more versatile IMO with different guitars where you may not want a strictly metal tone.I also own an older 80's HM-2 Heavy Metal which will run circles around the metal zone for classic thrash and speed metal tones and almost any other heavy distortion pedal that I could never part with, overall i like this pedal, but it cannot top the older legendary Boss pedals.
This pedal was the mainstay of my effects for a few years.  It really does have a ton of range, although it only does one effect at a time, so you'd have to reach down and change the knobs mid-show in order to get the other variations.  My most commonly used setting was with the overdrive-distortion mix knob at about 2 o'clock, which produces a very professional sounding Grunge-type effect.  If you want any of those 90's sounds, excluding the heavier metal sounds, this pedal will definitely get you there.
For the money, I have no complaints.  The enclosure, dials, and footswitch are all durable.  Not true bypass, but none of the BOSS pedals are.  It doesn't suck tone.  This pedal isn't the end-all be-all overdrive, but with asymmetrical clipping it fills a niche that TS pedals don't. You lose a little low end when it is engaged, but that actually works pretty well for leads- especially with humbuckers or amps with a looser kind of 'classic' distortion encountered with EL84s.  As a stand alone overdrive, I prefer other pedals.  But where this pedal really works for me is as a boost to other dirtboxes or an already overdriven amp.  You get singing, harmonic leads when it is dialed in right.  Like any overdrive, you introduce noise when the pedal is engaged and things can get hissy while you are palm muting if you crank it too far.  I am a dirtbox hoarder and I like to rotate the pedals and try different combinations.  Lately, I am running this into either the V1 Cool Cat transparent overdrive (Timmy Clone - very, very nice) or the Behringer BO-100 (which is a dead ringer for the Boss Blues Driver) then into a tube amp that is dialed in on mild crunch (Jet City Combo or Palomino Combo).  As with any overdrive, this thing will not sound very good (IMHO) running into a solid state amp.  That's just not what it was intended to do. It was intended to drive preamp tubes into saturation but YMMV. Because I'm a cheapskate (and because these things are durable like bricks) I bought it used for $20, but it is well worth the new asking price.
It's yellow, its metal, its Boss.  If you want your drive sound to have definition this is the pedal to get.  The best OD I have ever owned.  Makes me want to see if my tone could cut board in half.
I bought this pedal used and have used it with both a Fender tube amp and a Marshall solid state using clean channels. I can get a variety of tones from it with different guitars, and reccomend it as a first overdrive or to add to a collection.While I have several overdrive pedals, this one is good at giving some basic overdrive tones while keeping the amps low end. I can get decent tones from a Telecaster and Les Psul by keeping the level and tone knobs below 12 o'clock and adjusting the drive to taste.The OD sounds great through Fender clean tubes and I also tried it with a bass guitar. With some adjustment of the tone and drive knob, the bass has an overdriven tone with a good drive.The other reviews here prove this pedal is typical and iconic Boss in build quality. I find the Boss pedals good for their purpose and have mostly modded the ones I've owned after some time, but I may keep this one as is and use it as a boost. These pedals last forever and I only paid $20 for mine.
As stated in the title, this adapter is what you need if you use your Danelectro a lot and are going through too many batteries. You can now plug it into the wall! As advertised, it keeps electric current hum to a minimum and has functioned fine for the year or so I've owned it. The reason I took off one star is because the wire is really thin and doesn't seem too durable, so because of this I have been very careful so it doesn't get broken. You might be able to find an off-brand adapter for cheaper but this one is made for the Honeytone so you won't risk ruining it.
MY experience with crybaby is it has a great tone.  More overbearing than the Vox or cleaner wahs.  BUT I know several people who have had problems with the switch, and I have watched countless others stomping on their crybaby in futile attempts to engage or disengage the pedal.I actually use a BBE and Vox since this frustration with my 1st wah.  But I am not sure that I am giving up tone in exchange for the headache avoidance!  I kinda think I am.  The VOX and BBE seem to have a brighter sound which is less "wah-ed" if you will.  It could be accentuated by me playing a Strat instead of the Les Paul Custom/Boogie combination I used with the crybaby.
My Cry Baby is about 20 years old and is the oldest pedal on my board. I have rewired it for true bypass and replaced the Potentiometer to give the Wah a broader range but it really doesn't sound any better. This pedal covers the &#34;White Room&#34; by Cream Tone perfectly. I gave it 4 stars because it hasn't been maintenance free. The pot came loose and the switch had to be replaced but considering the fact that it survived several hundred gigs in smoky dives, I probably should give it 5.
It is a good pedal, but it just doesn't have the sound I was looking for. It is great for playing funk music, but for us metal heads, the wah is just too weak. For metal artists, I would recommend looking elsewhere. I am going to look into getting an Ibanez Weeping Demon, or a Morley, or whatever it is Behringer is limping to the barn with these days.
I've had my wah pedal for a number of years now. What I can say is that it has put up with a lot of use, no problem with the pedal itself, mechanically. However, the cheap rubber feet were the first victims of perhaps taking a few cheaper short cuts on producing the product. That is to say, the rubber feet began to come off in no time. If you mount it on a pedal board, you will probably remove those feet and this won't be a problem. Also, the power supply that comes with it does a stellar job of powering the pedal. If you are like me though and place it in a pedal board where a unified power source makes sense and must use a different power cable, at least on my unit, the jack is not fitting properly leading to some serious shorts. Those shorts can make a crowd deaf in no time flat. What I have learned is that when using a different power supply to be sure the power jack is push ALL THE WAY in, otherwaise, ZAP. Other than those two issues, the power issue really no fault of Dunlop's if you use the supplied power cable, its been a great pedal. A classic that will surely live on.
does what is designed to do easy to use seems sturdy should serve me well for years to come ...was not too expensive for such good quality
I've only been playing ukulele for about 3 years, so I'm new to using a capo.  It seems to hold tight.
Costs about 2x as much as some cheap capos, and it's worth every single penny.  THis has a strong clip, yet does not damage my concert or tenor ukulele necks.  It won;t budge once you clip it, and it's low profile.  Made of metal, it should last a lifetime.I took off one star only for one thing: the hand clip portion of this does sometimes get in the way of fretting because it sticks out from the neck quite a ways.  Some other capos, like this oneJim Dunlop 7828 Russell Banjo/Uke Capodoes not have anything that you can hit your hand on when fretting.  Sometimes I try the Kyser on the opposite side, away from me, the player.  But, it seems to still hit my hand on some chords, just different ones.  That said, I can work around it, and it's a lifelong capo of fantastic build and keeps those strings from buzzing at all on all my ukes. If one was to have large hands, as I do not, this interference may be even more of an issue to consider.C ya.  Happy strumming.  Mahalo.
It's a good banjo capo.  Inexpensive  and it works well without squeezing the strings out of tune. End of story
In particular, I favor the Dual Design. Why? If the need arises, it's possible to use a regular strap that doesn't have the button locks installed. I have two of the black ones on a 7 string Ibanez RG7321, and Laguna LE200QBC guitars. I have spare straps for both guitars, and sometimes I lock those spares with the plastic Dunlop discs.I have some older bass guitars with similar Dunlop locks (the standard version), two of which had locks installed in the mid 1990's, and one from 2003 with the gold DD. All three of them have held up with no issues. I didn't need to re-tighten the screws on those guitars until about two years ago. Then again, I don't tour around the world like the metal stalwarts known as ... MetallicA. ;)
So I bought these because being Dunlop, I trust the brand. I dont even mind that they are sorta big and bulky. The only problem I have is, they scare the piss out of me. Its not a "tighten washer and nut" situation with what ive normally seen on strap locks. These have pegs that insert. Its so hard for me to trust these, I always have 1 hand gripped firmly on guitar even if just adjusting the amp I clench my guitar. So scared that the little metal balls things will just slip, peg fall out and ruin a $500 guitar. I havnet had a single problem with this system yet, and I never hope that I do. But if it happens there will be an update to this. Good product so far, just wouldn't recommend it. There is too much crap in the world to be worried about, strap locks shouldnt be one of those things.
The screws are too long for my very thin bodied Gibson SG Classic.  I can not find shorter screws which fall into the pin so that the straplock will work either---the heads are all too large.I believe I used these on my Gibson Les Paul Custom years ago, and they worked perfectly.  Not on my newer SG though--at least with the new screws it comes with.Fender Start appears to take the system well--only time will tell.
yes, if your willing to swap out strap locks with originals these work fine...i did have a problem with drilling new holes into my guitars...but its explained what  size bit to use so wasnt a big problem...i tried not to drill on most of my guitars  some fit without drilling some did not..good luck...good price welll made..
I tried this model a few years ago, and I never had a problem with them (once I got it installed), but I went back to the Schallers I had on my other instruments.  I thought (and this has been mentioned by others) that it makes the strap stick too far out from the instrument, which I thought looked goofy.  I also didn't particularly care for the push button release, and getting the locking part on the end of my thick strap was a challenge; these have a C clamp, not a nut, so there's no allowance for differing thickness. I also felt safer with the Schallers, which hook onto the end of the guitar strap button and didn't depend on a spring loaded button to keep the parts together.  As I said, I had no real problems with them, so if they look like they'd work for you, great.  As with all replacement strap locks/buttons, you have to make sure the screws are secure in the button holes before you start jumping off of drum risers, dropped out of airplane, or what have you.
After receiving theDunlop Dual Design Straplok Systemalready installed on my Gibson Standard electric(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, I decided to try installing them on my Gibson Studio electric (7.23 lbs.). Noproblem. Just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.I had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. Money well spent makingsure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. Besides safety I also like being ableto swap out my straps on my guitars. It's a nice convenience. If you are so inclined you can use the samestrap for all your guitars.If you are not sure if they will work on your brand guitar seek out an online forum and either search thatforum for the answer or join and ask your questions. You've got a pricy piece of wood there and will wantto take care of it properly.What I don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. Theydon't get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. That is why I chose Black for mysecond set. Helps keep the product's profile down a bit. Other than that, the product works asadvertised....NOTE: As of June 2014 I have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. Do rememberto check and make sure your hardware is secure. After repeated use the screws can come loose and therewill be trouble if this happens. Do NOT use any glue in case you need to swap out the Straploks in thefuture.
What's great about the Dunlop design:They work!  The only thing you need to do is ensure you've got them engaged properly at the time you attach your strap onto your guitar i.e. just make sure you established a solid connection then go ahead and gig your rear-end off without worry.The design encorporates bearings that allow the strap to freely move around/rotate on the post, which is exactly what you want.  The schaller ones (see below) have a major flaw in them from my family's experience.  We will never run anything other than this design going forward.What doesn't work with the Schaller Design:Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist have been using Shaller-style locks for a while now.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend. The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
Straplocks have been around for a long time, but now You can use the instrument with a regular strap as well, This dual design sold me on it..Easy to install on the guitar. A little difficult getting the lock mechanism installed on the strap, still only took about ten minutes to do.  The added security of knowing your 1200 dollar bass isn't going to hit the floor makes it very well worth the small cost of this item..
I use these on my basses and they do the job quite well.. They are easy to install on the bass and the strap.
I like these straplocks, but they were a little tight to get on a Levy's strap.  I did manage to get it on.  However, I found it was easier just to buy a strap for each guitar.
The Dunlop Dual Design Straplock System is a sturdy, fairly easy-to-assemble and easy-to-install alternative to guitar straps slipping off of instruments.  The screws that are used to attach the Straplok to the guitar are heavy gauge and pretty large--there's little chance that these are going to come out.  The locking mechanism seems like it is secure and should require little maintenance.  The only disadvantage of the Dunlop system to Schaller's system is that the the Dunlop sticks out measurably farther from the guitar's body.  Ordinarily, it seems like this should be only the most minor of inconveniences.  On an instrument such as a Hofner "violin" bass, though, or any guitar with a strap button on the back of the instrument, this makes it difficult to hold the body of the instrument against your body for support.  Schaller's strap locks might look a little more elegant to some players.  The Dunlop Straplok System is sturdy, should provide a long life of service, and can be found at a better price than several of its competitors.  Recommended for most guitar body styles
I know this is a great product.  I've had a set before.  I have to knock off a star because a part was lost during shipping that renders the product useless.  The product comes in a clam shell package.  For me it shipped with some heavier stuff that impacted the package and let it open some.  There are two retaining clips that slipped out and since the main shipping box wasn't fully taped up one slipped completely out of the box and is probably on the floor of some warehouse or truck somewhere.  I found the rest of the small parts in the box and the larger parts still in the clam shell package but without the one retaining clip the system is useless.The product is too inexpensive to bother with a return.  If I find a retaining clip that will work (I do have one to compare with) then I can use it.That said, I'll say again, the Straplok System is a great product.  I know, I've owned another set for more than twenty years!
A little story to back these lock's integrity.  I installed them on a Korean made Washburn WG-587v.  Incredible guitar after tweaking.  I did a guitar spin at a show and the guitar went flying.  The strap lock was still on the strap and locked into the holder.  The screw had ripped out of the horn of the guitar!  The screw tore through about a half inch of solid wood (and I epoxy all my screws in) before the strap lock broke.  Amazing.Nice, tough hardware.  The only complaint I have is that you must use screws with small heads if you choose not to use the stock screws provided.  Easy to install, just unscrew your stock strap holder and screw in the lock holder.  Attach the lock to your strap and BAM quick release system.  Fast to take on and off of your guitar.I would suggest getting a tough, thick leather strap with a nice reinforced eye to install the quick release button in, cheap lightweight straps will eventually start to tear.  Also, the button can be a slight pain to get on certain straps.I have now switched over to DiMarzio clip lock straps instead of the leather straps with Dunlop locks for many reasons and I am very happy, but this product is GRADE A! I always felt 100% secure with these straplocks.  Our bass player uses some expensive (and heavy) Fender basses and he loves these strap locks.
I've been using these Fender straplocks over the last year:Fender 099 0818 300 F Straplock ChromeThe problem with those is that they use screws to secure that part that is on the strap itself, and the screw will slowly back itself out and you get yourself a disaster. I've decided to try these because they use a "dual" system: you can use the lock on your strap, or just use your "regular" strap without the locking mechanism. I've only been using these for a week, but so far, I like them much better than Fender's. I think I will replace all Fender straplocks with these.I do agree with the others on the fact that the screws are of lower quality, and the screw heads will strip if you're not careful. When I was installing these strap nuts, I screw in a half turn at a time, and applied lots of pressure so that the the head won't strip. If you can get over the installation, you got yourself a pretty good locking strap.
These are good if you have a few of guitars and got a favorite strap.  Buy alot of extra buttons i got allparts.  seems really sturdy and well made.
I replaced the Schaller strap locks on my Strat with these. The Schaller ones ground on the connecting hardware to the point where I had to oil them a few times a month or I'd end up with an audible creak.Hands-down I like the Dunlop ones more. They installed in just a few minutes and the guitar feels very secure. No problems whatsoever. I just ordered my third set a few minutes ago.I'm a total convert - every new guitar I get is going to get a set of these put on it.
Dunlop is not the best strap lock system because it's a pain to switch which way the lock is pointing and people complain that the button is easy to unhook while playing. I can see the merits of screw on locks, what with the ease of switching the locks, but these work fine for me.
I don't know if this is a common problem, but i have these on both of my basses, and one of the arms that attaches to the actual body of the instrument is starting to show some sort of blemishing, like metal does before it rusts, it is literally only one of the arms out of 4 i have so i think it was just a random thing. The problem is that it makes it so my strap doesn't just spin free in it so the screw keeps getting loose, and one time (the first time) i didn't notice and it actually fell out. Notice i still like the product, this was just one of those things i think, so I would still recommend it.
I like this strap lock very strong very sturdy! Keeps things in place.. one problem.. The coating will wear out in a short time (a few months) and if you never take it off it might rust a bit on the inside. This might make it a bit hmm I don't want to say hard to lock, but you'd better make sure it is actually locked every time you fit it on by tugging on the thing to be sure, Mine has un-clipped a couple times because I didn't check. Our climate is humid so it's rust friendly which could contribute to why I'm having issues. However once clipped properly you shouldn't have issues! Great buy
.I BOUGHT A UKULELE  TO GIVE AS A PRESENT.  I KNEW THE STRINGS THAT COME EQUIPPED  ON NEW MUSICAL STRINGED INSTRUMENTS WOULD BE OF POOR QUALITY SO I PURCHASED THESE MARTIN STRINGS AS A REPLACEMENT.  I'VE USED MARTIN INSTRUMENTS FOR MANY YEARS, AM FOND OF THE MAKE AND QUALITY OF THE MARTIN PRODUCTS.  THIS WAS AN EASY CHOICE FOR ME. THERE ARE OTHER EXCELLENT STRINGS AVAILABLE.  THIS JUST WAS MY CHOICE THIS TIME.
great easily setup but some time i feel its not perfectly stop the P's, i don't know why but some time i have to keep distance for that issue
I'm not very familiar with how pop filters actually work, apart from getting rid of unnecessary peaks when recording. I have noticed an improvement in recording quality with this pop filter on. I don't know how it compares to other pop filters though, but this one seems like it works for me.
What a difference a pop filter makes, I use on a condenser mic, it lets me get a little more gain input, clamps on easy and holds good, the flex piece holding the filter could be a little more rigid but does the job. I like the way it looks when mounted on the mic stand extension, It has improved the vocal tracks. Just one more affordable improvement for the home studio.
Great quality and construction. Does it's job well. Only complaint is that if the design were a little more streamline. These bolt on with attitude and are a bit heavy. Overall, stays in place and does it's job well. A workhorse for sure.
When I bought these I was looking for pop filters to use with a pair of condenser microphones to help keep the wind pops from ruining a recording.  Once these are in position they work just fine, the problem is that getting them into position can be harder than it looks.  The device clamps onto a microphone stand and then you adjust the goose neck to get the filter where you need it.  The filter and the goose neck are fairly heavy and as such it was often a struggle to get the filter where I wanted it and to keep it there.On the plus side, the device looks nice and professional and it has held up over three years of use.
It works as a pop filter should and is a huge upgrade over my make-shift panty hose pop filter. What else is there to say?
filter works very well and looks professional. only problem i am having is that the clamp seems to work specifically with a mic stand or similar type structure.
this little guy has help me record with my Apogee One voices and amps, to prevent air-flow shock on diaphragm... wanna have excellent recordings? get one!
Yes, you can make your own pop filter at home, but you don't want to.  Why else would you be reading this?  Besides, it won't look this good.I've purchased three pop filters thus far in the last four months.  The most recent one I purchased was NOT this one.  I wish it was.  I thought I'd try something different, just to see the differences.  Well, I can tell you that there are significant differences between this, and some of the others featured here.The bottom clamp on this one features a rubber piece that grips the metal pole that you attach to.  The competitors that I've tried do not.  If you do not have this rubber piece, any clamp will tend to slip down the pole and not grip properly.  This is a huge mistake as this makes using a pop filter on a boom stand impossible.  Fortunately, Nady placed this rubber piece on it's clamp so this has never been an issue.The only complaint I have is the screen has actually popped out of the plastic ring a couple times.  A single dot of superglue fixed that.Compared to the other pop filters I've seen and used, this one is perfectly suited for any microphone and at a reasonable price you can't beat it.And yes, pop filters ARE A MUST with condenser microphones.  Just buy one now, save yourself the trouble.
It does what it's supposed to do. It's as well made as most, I think. They all look cheap to me, unless you get a studio professional grade. The screen pops out easily, but it will pop back in. It works well for my home recording.
I read several reviews of pop filters on Amazon and was surprised by how dissatisfied many were.  Finally I just went with this one and I'm pretty happy with it.  It seems quite servicable.  It is a double filter and attaches to my stand well enough.  The arm is just a little weak butit does stay put if you just don't bump it.  I guess there is a balance between stiffness and ease of possitioning it.  I think possitioning it would be a little easier if the arm was just a little stiffer.I can blow on it directly (not quite as hard as blowing out a cake full of candles) and I feel nothing on the other side and hear no wind rumble in my mic.So then, I'm gonna keep it and use it 'till it rots or gets lost.
Though I'd warn if you don't know about audio this does not mean you can place your mic right in front of you and have the pop filter magically de-esse the whole thing, but between the pop filter and a slightly off-center placement it seems to keep the majority of erroneous pops and esses's from making an appearance in any way.
works very well, keeps the popping to a bare minimum, easy to install, cleans in a flash, lightweight and works
I do a lot of podcasts and dubbing over videos, and after using this filter, the pop that occurs with P's and B's in the voice are basically gone. It makes your audio more professional when you eliminate these annoyances.
works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. but other than that works as intended.
For the price, this is one of the best pop filters. It easily clamps onto my stand and doesn't move around after I place it. However, there is one problem I've had with it. It can easily lose grip of the arm holding the filter. What I mean is that, if I pick up the mic, the arm will swivel away. Granted this was caused by me dropping it once, but before it was fine. So for a good price you get a filter that works.
A needed accessory for any vocal recording, period. My only gripe about this model is why the straight bracket part needs to stick out so dang far, since you can bend the arm out in any position anyway.
Good solid construction. It hooks onto the mic stand and works as advertised, i.e removes the pops from vocal recordings.
This is my second Spectraflex cable and I love them. I love their flexibility, options for colors and ends, build quality and price. I like to use quality guitar cables for a good sound but I don't need to spend a fortune on them to be run over on stage by roadies or ripped off because the cable costs more than some guitars do.
This is a pretty strong cable. I wanted something I can plug into my top loaded amp and the jack would stand out in case I'm sitting on the amp. the angle does the job. seams strong , seams like it will last.
I bought two to run from my amp to a lone pedal effect that I use with my bass.  The 90 degree ends go to the pedal and it makes for a non-intrusive smart looking setup.  I'm pleased.  I've owned them for a few months now.  No issues at all and they look good.
It is a fun little practice amp, and I agree with the praise it gets. The positives have been covered so I'll point out a few (minor) things I don't like.First of all the power button is on the back, which is annoying. The rest of the controls are on top, why do I have to grope around the back to find the most important button. Plus I keep it in a cabinet so I have to pull it out to turn it on and off.Next! I wish they'd just name the settings &#34;clean&#34;, &#34;overdrive&#34;, &#34;distortion&#34;, and so on. JC Clean, Black Panel, Brit combo and R-Fier mean nothing to me.Then there's another minor annoyance that the input is recessed. A 90 degree angle plug won't fit unless you run it around the back.Lastly, the amp is solid and rugged but that means it's heavy. Not heavy like I can't pick it up, just heavy for something called a micro amp.None of these are deal breakers, just things I find annoying. Overall I have to say I prefer my VOX mini 3.
This pupppy is pretty powerful just running off the batteries.  We've used it on a couple of gigs an it worked well with the volume only half way up.  We are not guitar players and are not using guitars with it.  We are using an mp3 player for backup.  The sound is not quite as clear as we get with our Roland Cm-30 (so only 4 stars from me).  The micro cube is a lot easier to transport and set up and it's nice not to have to load up cart to roll around.  Guitar folk will like this unit with the fx features.
Tone control didn't work so it was returned.  But it was pretty nice even though I felt the fret-board quality is higher on my 900 Gibson Les Paul but what can you expect.  If I had to order it again I would pay 140 more and get the SG 400 which has the quality pickups.  The sound is let's say... average.  Good beginner guitar, or a guitar that can be upgraded with new pickups.  The bolt-in neck didn't bother me but the SG 400 doesn't have that which is another reason I would step up next time.  Shape is ok.  Purely subjective.  I like the solid Les Paul shape now a little better since it's more conservative.  But the size is good and almost more comfortable than the Les Paul style.  Can't believe they can make a good guitar like this for only 160 bucks.  Also, even though I was tempted with the faded finish, the glossy finish is really nice.  This guitar will make a player proud.
love the case nice and simple, it really look exactly the same as the picture. highly recommend to everyone looking for a case.
I do some guitar repair work and one of my customers needed a LP case. I have bought a lot of stuff here on AZ so looked at this one and had it shipped to him. He says its great so that is my review.Prices are always great on AZ and Prime saves me money in shipping.4 stars is my tops, anywhere.
This houses your guitar and I have a couple humidipaks  in there because I live in a northern desert. Not many frills to this bag. It does the job.
Good quality bag for my Epi LP. Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories.
At &lt;$20, this is a great bargain, but it is a very basic bag. It fits my Les Paul Standard snugly and has back straps for easy carrying. These are also easily removed if they bother you. This Epiphone gigbag also has a zippered pocket for accessories (holds a strap, patch cord, but not much else) and features nice looking graphics.
This is NOT my first guitar. Nor am I breathless Epiphone supporter shouting how this guitar is the sonic equal of Taylors and Martins. It's not. Here's what it is: An exceedingly well-constucted, AMAZINGLY playable guitar. Fit, finish, feel and action were all VERY nice... Sound on the other hand? Let's face it. It's plywood all around. It SOUNDS like plywood. But that doesn't distract from the fact that it's a great guitar for $100 bucks.It's a fine &#34;first&#34; guitar. It's a great beach/camping/cabin guitar. Leave it in your car to practice at lunch. Leave it in the office. ANY guitar is better than no guitar... And this guitar is better than a LOT of other entry level guitars.Seriously consider changing strings the second you take it out of the box... New, premium strings DO make a difference.If your expectations are for a playable, rugged, affordable guitar you won't be disappointed. If sound quality is your primary concern, well... You are going to have to spend more than a hundred bucks to be happy.For my desired application, this guitar was great... I'm very happy with it and would buy it again in a heartbeat.
I tried this but ended up going back to Tortex.  I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  The Ultex has a little brighter attack though and wears out less quickly.  Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid.
These are nice, I like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as I am.  Once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  Much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  I also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  They stay in your fingers well.
The grip is excellent. But I prefer the 1.14 Sharps over these. These are sturdy and look like I won't be needing another set for quite some time
This product is excellent.  Cleaning is thorough and leaves no residue.  Made my little Martin look almost as good as new.
I was looking for a sound hole pickup and this came as one of the best and found it to be all I expected. I use it for practice and recording myself. I really like it but for the price I wish it had just a bit more otherwise its perfect. I have it on my 1994 Martin D-18  which has a big bottom end and no matter what it always sounds fine. I have had the pickup installed for four months and it is good.
These strings are very bright and full.  They sound great for a couple of weeks and then get a bit dead.  I haven't had any problems with breakage, just a loss of tone over time (seems faster than some other strings I've tried).
These strings are great sounding, and great looking on the fretboard, because they are bronze. One issue I had, was the 5th and 6th strings were too big to route more than once through the tuning head, but it still wound up very nicely. I would actually say that you might want to get the Extra Light gauge, but it's probably just my tuning machines, they kind of suck.
I am not a connoisseur but nothing great about these strings.  They have pretty good sound but they seem to die quickly.
arrived on time..packaged well. happy with purchase...they are your regular picks..will order again if needed. happy with purchase. hope you enjoy em...
I have tried few picks, textured, mallow color, and this bright green.  I like it bright color that is very easy to found, and 0.88mm seems right for me to strumming on an acoustic guitar.
Good picks, great feel and brings out sound loudly. Mostly for Electrics. I prefer the lighter sound of the Acoustic but these work very well with my friends Electric, Fender.
I absolutely love the feel of these guitar picks! They are so grippy, I haven't broken a single one yet, they stand out from all of the other junk in my studio, so it's hard to loose them, but I still do. If you have like a child, nephew, niece, sibling, or parent that plays guitar or bass you can't go wrong with getting these for them, or if you are a guitarist just playing the cheap little Fender picks that break if you strum a chord, and if you are lucky enough not to break them, they just slip out of your hands while you're playing. They are a little thin for rhythm playing however, and I recommend the .88 mm picks for that.
I have always used tortex picks. I like them a lot and they last forever (almost :)these were a little thick for my tastes. The red ones are a little thinner and give better action for strumming and also for fast alternate picking patterns.If you like a medium thick pick though, these are rockin.
This is the pick I learned to play with.Great feel, doesn't slip in sweaty fingers.Good tone, you can get plenty of use from one pick, as they hold up very well!
good deal.
Ever since I started playing the guitar, I've used the nylon Dunlop picks. They're better in a thicker size (1.0mm or larger) but the .73mm size is about the same thickness as a regular Fender pick. They're flexible and easy to pick with, but the biggest plus about the nylon picks is that they will NOT break. You'd almost have to melt one of these things with a lighter to harm it -- so one pack of them will last you yeeeeears.Also of note: the price keeps going up on these here on Amazon for some reason -- don't pay more than $3-4 for a pack of them, as you can get them at your local music store for about that.
I am a bass player so I like my picks to be a bit thicker and wider. I tend to Play with Fender 346 so I was pleasantly surprised when I found that this pick worked really well for me.
I would give these picks five stars, but I do have a couple of other types I prefer more.  Still, these are nice picks.  So far I've only used them on 12-string guitar, but I'll soon be trying them out on 6-string guitars.
cant go wrong with Dunlop pick, they last and don't break. end up losing them verses breaking. This .38 mm is a bit soft for my liking, will go a size thicker next time~
I ordered these because I bought a variety pack of picks from Musician's Friend and there was one lonesome very thin celluloid pick in the pack. I loved how it quieted the strumming on my acoustic dreadnought, so I went on the hunt for very thin picks. The celluloid one fell apart quickly, so I wanted a better material.These white nylon picks should last a lot longer. The non-pointed end is all grippy (textured), so it doesn't work great if you like to use the more rounded corners of a pick, but it does the job and I like it. The pointed end is very thin and slides off the strings nicely, but you can still pick with it if you're combining picking and strumming.I'll keep using thicker picks for picking-only songs and for louder strumming, but for more mellow strumming and to keep from bothering other folks in the house, these are great.UPDATE: I've been using them for more than a year now, and they are pretty flimsy for picking notes in a mostly-strumming song... but you can do it. This is still my favorite pick for strumming. Hope this helps.
These picks are nylon, so each one will last you a couple of years (as long as you don't lose them!!) this is thicker than the .60mm, so you can dig into the strings a little better, but still a hair flimsier than the Snarling Dogs .73mm picks (I know, they're the same size, but trust me these are &#34;flimsier&#34;), and the grip is ok. You can't go wrong here.
This nylon pick has great play feel.  It is stiff enough to pick individual strings and still feels comfortable stumming chords.
ive been using dunlop nylon standard picks since the early 80s. they have never let me down. very comfortable in the hand.
I'm an Irish-style DADGAD guitarist.  These picks cut through the string really nicely, and are great for driving rhythms.  I'm starting to lean towards the Tortex .5mm, though -- I think the roughness on the surface of the Dunlops adds a little bit of scratch to the sound that I don't like.  Still, great picks.
I think many/most guitarists are always on the lookout for new things and picks are and easy and cheap thing to try.  My favorite picks for the last ~8 years are Snarling Dogs Brain Picks - they're nylon picks that have a raspy "cat's tongue" surface that makes it super easy to grip.I've also had a few of these Gator Grip picks for a few years now and I like them quite a bit, but they're not my favorite.  I tend to use something around or just under 1 mm for electric and a bit less than that for acoustic.  These picks have a matte finish which makes it easy to retain your grip on them.  Sound-wise I don't find that they're significantly different from any other pick.  If they ever stop making Brain Picks these could very well become my #1.
This pick is great for strumming. Some people are complaining about the grip but they are better than celluloid picks in that regard. If you are looking for the best grip you need to find a pick that has a textured grip.
I'm glad I tried these, I wont order them again. I thought they might be a good alternate for my Dunlop nylon picks, not really though.Edit: Im nothing if not fair. My last review of these was in the context of my playing my Strat or sometimes my 335. I stand by that review. However, now Im playing my Godin 5th Ave and suddenly these picks are perfect. Ive gone back and forth trying different picks with my guitars. In the end these are the picks I reach for when Im playing the Godin.I will buy these again. I changing my review from 'Just Okay' to "Contextually Perfect". Ok I'll add a star, your right I should add a star. There!
These have been my favorite pick for years now but, I must say that they are not real pointy and I have recently been trying some pointier pick and I'm now on the fence...
I've been trying to find a pick which combines a good grip, the right string resonance for strumming, and enough stiffness for accurate picking and these picks might be the closest I've found so far for my style of playing. I'm a naturally hard strummer so I want a pick that I can hold more loosely, strum more softly, and still get enough clarity and volume. I want to give them 5 stars but I think that would only apply if they were perfect for strumming and picking - they're very good for both but not quite what I would consider the ideal pick for me if one exists. If I were perfectly satisfied with these picks I would never buy any other picks. For now these are my preferred picks but I will keep experimenting with other brands and types of picks in search of that elusive ideal.
I always find it interesting the different opinions about products.  Some don't like the sound, others say these wear out in a day (really -- do you play for 24 hours?).  Some say that the grip is good.  Here's my take -- for what it's worth.  I've listened to these with hollow and semi hollow body guitars.  Round and flat wound strings.  My general take is that these picks give a better, fuller, rounder bigger tone overall.  Compared to the tortex style pick material (1 mm for the tortex).  It's a bit hard to determine if the sound comes from the material, thickness or a combination of both.  Also note, I play with the rounded edge, not the tip.  So the grip in the center of these doesn't quite fit my grip style but it's still ok.  I do find that these get slippery faster than the tortex materials if my hands sweat at all.  I've been subjective in my comparisons -- but this is what I've found so far.  I find that they stand out, sound wise, for the guitars I'm currently playing.  The process of finding the "right" pick is never ending and changes over time.  Give these a try and let me know what you think.
These picks have a very unique shape and sound that have helped me play faster with a smoother tone.Unfortunately, these picks did not receive a five-star rating because of their price and lack of durability.  They wear down fast.  Mine are usually worn out after a day of use and I don't think I play particularly hard.  At around $4.50 for six picks, these are some expensive pieces of plastic.However, these picks are so full of awesome that I am compelled to pay a little extra.  I will definitely be buying more.
I bought these wanting to try the nylon Big Stubby but was sent the lexan /clear purple ones instead. I wanted to mention this because the item description is vague(PLYS PK) and the item pictured is nylon. I'm still happy with the purchase these have the same picking dynamics as the Jazz Stubby but they give you a much larger surface to grip.
I've been using these 2.0s as my primary pick for years now and I love them. The way the material surrounds your finger tips is unique and not found in a flat pick. They're very easy to keep a grip on and allow you to go after the strings confidently.You will however find that there is a sweet spot in the life of the pick's tip. When you first use them the business end is extremely pointy, sharp almost. After playing a bit, the tip begins to round off and is perfect for a long time. Eventually, it really rounds out and you'll want a fresh one. I typically lose them before they wear out and they are so nice, you won't care.
Real nice Guitar Picks. It came in a 6 piece pack, they deserve the Dunlop brandname because these things last a long time.
I like Dunlop products I used the purple tortex 1.14mm almost exclusively until I met up with this Jazz III.  And now my personal debate continues...  I like a thick pick and this Jazz III is.  I like tortex and this isn't but...I really like the orange color which makes it easy to locate if you drop it.  I rarely and I do mean rarely drop a tortex pick but this nylon might get a bit slick at times.They make 3 or 4 picks in this line with varying degrees of tip pointiness.  I like the pointy model the others have round and rounder tips.This is the new and improved jazz style pick and I am still trying to figure out if I like this or the trad Fender jazz pick.  Or perhaps having a few slightly different picks laying around isn't such a bad idea after all.
I tried three of these on a whim and they impressed me favorably. In fact, they were so good that I purchased ten more when I went back to the same music store. My favorites are mandolin picks like Golden Gate or Grisman "Dawgs". The round side of the XH Dunlop Gels gives me a similar attack and a nice warm tone. I would recommend these to anyone.
If for some reason you're looking for a pick with a specific color, this is a nice set. The bright colors make them difficult to lose.
I have used the Extra Heavy picks for many years but am still searching for that perfect pick. Its strong enough to play metal and some blues style rifts but not so strong it cracks and brakes. I do like the fact it wont turn to powder or fray while playing either but it does wear out fast when playing on heavy gauge strings.
They play well and hold up well(never had one break) They are my second favorite pick. But this pick is better in some songs than my favorite.
For keeping your guitar picks where you can quickly grab them the Dunlop mic stand pick holder is EXTREMELY efficient and useful ESPECIALLY when performing live.Always great products and always dependable.I also own the guitar maintenance kits and the capo.Not one product has let me down yet.My capo is 8 years old.
I put it on the boom of my mic stand. Tight on some, not on others. I need to put a shim on it for some stands to keep the picks in place.
Excellent product, simple and practical design,holds firmly inside the guitar mouth and keeps humidity levels in the safe zone.If humidity levels in your area go below 40% you simply need to provide extra humidity to prevent cracks.
I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier.After making a few homemade case humidifiers out of things like a travel butter container with many holes drilled into it and a sponge, I started thinking about how some of the cases separate the body cavity from the neck & headstock cavity inside the guitar case and not allowing the humidity to flow freely to all areas, especially the body where it is needed the most.Even though I was getting acceptable humidification in the case I was concerned about the body being dryer in comparison so I went ahead and splurged the 8 bucks on these. (I actually bought three of them.)I crank the gas heat up in the house in the winter and A/C in the summer, keep my guitars inside their cases and inside a closet. The humidity drops quite low, but the sponges remain moist for several days before I can no longer fight the urge to re-wet them. lol.Two great tips in one:Use a regular, more dense sponge, thicker like the ones at the dollar store. Cut them to size and stuff them in!Throw away the sponge when it starts to get yucky and don't worry about distilled water, unless you want to. I can't argue using very pure water compared to the possibly toxic crap that comes out our faucets, but for one dollar you can get a boat load of them after you cut them to size, and toss them away without any regard when needing replaced.Don't worry about the &#34;thing&#34; hanging in-between your strings. It will not damage anything unless you get the sponge  too saturated and it leaks. I will either squeeze the excess water out, or shake the container with the sponge inside until I am satisfied that it won't drip.The humidifier will not cause any stress or damage to your strings by spreading them when you wedge this inside your soundhole.If you ARE rough, careless, thoughtless, or stupid, you could possibly knock this loose and have it rub or fall out, but I would be more worried about the guitar and what it would take for this to happen. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause.The top snaps on by squeezing the sides to release little tabs that stick through the top cover. The sponge inside is quite small, and there isn't too much room for a much larger sponge. The device is simple and fairly solid. Treat it gently and it will last forever. You can easily clean the inside or run it through a dishwasher. If you give the inside a quick rinse every few fills, I'm sure it would be a decade before anything &#34;built up&#34; to require extensive cleaning or replacement.Keep an eye on it for the first few days and then weeks to get a feel for when you should be re-wetting the sponge.Try to keep the sponge moist when it's dry.I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks.This will take any guesswork out of the equation and give you fairly accurate readings inside your guitar or instrument case.Remember, too much humidity can cause your acoustic guitar to warp. Too dry and it will shrink and crack, split the soundboard (top) also leaving the edges of the frets sticking out like the backbone of a fish and quite abrasive!If you spent more than one hundred dollars on your guitar and live where it gets cold and/or dry, you would be negligent (if not careless) to spend the pittance to make sure your 'baby ain't thirsty', or worse...dead & broken!Hope this helps!
This is a simple humidifier for guitars with a round sound hole.  It would not work for an f-hole archtop or other types of instruments such as mandolin or ukulele.  Inside the sturdy plastic case is what appears to be an ordinary kitchen sponge.  If you use distilled water (as recommended) it should last quite a while.  The top comes off with a gentle press on the sides.  The dry sponge can be a little difficult to remove with fingers but tweezers or needle nose pliers work perfectly.  Don't push it all the way in after moistening and you won't have a problem.  I drip a little distilled water on the sponge, squeeze out any excess, and the assembled case pops in easily between the D and G strings, suspended in the middle of the sound hole.  They can't be seen in the photo but there are small ridges on each side that hold the top in place against the strings.  I've never had one of these move from where I left it.If the sponge isn't dripping wet you should never have a problem with drops of water in the guitar or case.  When the humidity is very low (30% or less) the sponge dries out in 2 to 3 days even if the case isn't opened.  As with most humidifiers of this type you will have to check every few days.If you have ever had a crack appear in the top of favorite guitar (or don't want to see one) use a guitar humidifier!  Especially during the winter - heating a house tends to drop the indoor humidity below safe levels (between 45% and 60% is ideal for most guitars).  Air conditioning can do the same.  For especially valuable guitars it would be worth buying a hygrometer to keep in the case but for most guitars having one in the room where you keep you guitar(s) is okay.  For many reasons it's always best to keep your guitar in a case or gig bag when not in use.  A humidifier is inexpensive extra precaution at those times of year when temperature or humidity changes quickly.
Works for me. But It splits the two middle strings way more than my peace of mind allows me to be comfortable with it. They made it thinner so it doesn't stretch the strings too much & as a consequence, it will only fit a thin sponge which dries easy as far as Arizona & California is concerned.Suggestion to Planet Waves: I think you can make it thicker but instead of splitting the strings, redesign the mount, say with a Velcro so that it's still hangs on the sound hall but it's attached to the strings. It's possible to attach your product in a different way because I've modified mine & to my personal preference works without splitting the screen.
This is good for now! Keeps my guitar from drying out, warping, cracking,! For the money it works! Recommend this product.
it does what it says it does.  only complaint is that sponge is very small and in very dry areas it needs to be checked and refilled 2 times a week.
I agree with the others reviews.  The sponge is too small and too thin but the humidify is small so it wouldn't fit any larger sponges.  Okay for the price.
That cloth... They should have included something that doesn't fall apart.Otherwise it's great. I use it as recommended by the container and it keeps the strings nice and conditioned, but I'm with other people here who commented that you can't really tell how much of the stuff is left inside. Good idea to keep more than one of these around.
This stuff will lube up your strings pretty well! The only downside is that it leaves tiny pieces of fuzz on my strings after a few times of use- but it comes with a little cloth that I assume is meant for this little inconvenience.
I am in agreement with others that state this is a must-have. I battled with fret noise on recordings and fingers dragging on the fingerboard. This really lowers the friction and makes for a much more playable instrument and supposedly protects the wood. I've used it on the back of the neck as well and it helps as much as on the fingerboard. I rub the entire neck down before and after I play. It makes the guitar smell like it came right from the shop, which I suspect is what they must've been using all these years and never told me, though I never did ask...foolish me. Since I've recently gotten into doing my own setups, where I've read many forums and posters have recommended this and I figured what the heck, it's less than $5.
I discovered this string lubricant many years ago and I concur with what most of the reviewers here have said about it although I wouldn't call it a string cleaner although you indirectly clean the strings if you use the cloth and like another reviewer stated you should also use the cloth to clean the undersides of your strings as well.  I unfortunately live in a very humid climate being only a little above the equator and so strings have a very short life here and so anything that can prolong their life is a real boon for a musician here.  I agree that the only downside is the inability to tell in advance that you are running low on lubricant until it actually turns dry but I guess given the price and the overall usefulness of this accessory, one cannot complain too much.  Now that mine has just run dry I'm going to delay a replacement purchase while I try out something new that I've just discovered called "The Swipe" which enables me to clean both the undersides and the topsides of my strings without chemicals.  If this works as well as advertised, I may still get Fast-Fret but for its lubricating properties which really helps make playing a lot more comfortable.Recommended!
Especially for the price, this is a great buy.  The strings on my acoustic were starting to get a bit loud when I would slide up and down the fretboard, and I was noticing quite a bit of lag when sliding too.  The only downside is that it would be much easier to apply this directly to the frets without the strings on, but the appeal is to bring life back to strings that aren't shining like they use to.  I just had to take a little extra time and care to get as much oil onto the fretboard and then make sure I wiped it in/off as thoroughly as possible, which required folding the provided rag and inserting it between the strings and fretboard and taking my time as I went from fret to fret.  Not a big deal though because the result was very pleasing.  The ease of sliding was tremendously improved and the strings sound and feel better than ever!  Take 10-15 minutes and do you and your guitar a favor...
These impact pads came very fast and do their job although one of the pad I received ive already warn through in less then 3 weeks
In writing a simple review for such a simple product there's only a few concerns you should have. 1. Would the adhesive dry out on this and 2. does it wear over time? The answer is it gets 4 stars. It doesn't dry out but I had to replace mine after 5 years because it eventually wore out. That's pretty good! Not perfect but pretty god!
I think this patch looks cool on the bass . I don't really hear any difference in sound ,But does give your drum head a better life span
It's comfortable. It's adjustable. The color was a good match for the guitar. Unless you regularly gig for hours at a time, why spend 50+ smackers on a strap when this one does just fine? Put the dough into the guitar, not the strap. By several colors for whatever look you are going for at the time.
I've only used it a few times but this strap looks like it's here to last. No frills, just a plain black strap.
What you see is what you get. It's cheap, It's basic, and It works. The best thing about this synthetic product is the price, and color options!
I like purple, and it is purple. The strap is sturdy. It works, what else needs to be said; it arrived timely, is decent quality, and a nice color.
Got three of these straps as we got tired of changing them whenever we needed one on a different guitar.  This is a great strap for the money.  They leather ends do not rub the guitar finish and the holes do not wear out as fast.  If you want to spend more money, you can and get a little better (leather extends higher on the strap on the more expensive ones -- nicer) but if you want something that is functional and looks good this is a good value.
I'm sure glad that I bought these straps, there not leather but are put together very well. I plan on using them as backups in the studio. The price was just right, cam quickly and I'd buy them again.
So perhaps I don't know what shade burgandy really is. Or the picture is a bit misleading. It is as stated, although the picture shows a criss cross pattern this is just woven. As too "DEE"s reveiw... the buckle doesn't seem to bother me. I am not calling him or her out or anything. My best guess, it's playing style. I myself play bass, when I first started I played on the 3" inch straps and found they bothered me, went to the 2" straps proplem solved. I am sure that at certain lengths it does become a bother. But for me and the way I play... No complaints.
I got these mics because I am in an environment where we needed the ON/OFF toggle on the microphone and - for us - it works great. These mics sound great for both normal speaking and singing in a small room. They sound similar to the Shure SM58 and we use them every day. They are still going strong.
I like the durability of it, and the on/off switch. it came with a carrying bag and a mic holder + adapter. its not as powerful and clear as i though it would be, but its far better than the other mics in the price range that i have used. i haven't tried this through a PA live yet. i just bought an Helicon voicetone and im hoping it boosts it a little. im sure i will have this mic for years to come and hopefully i can spring for a better Shure later on.
I just purchased the mic stand for my desk at home. It does the job well. If you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. Many adjustments to get just the right position. It's definitely not a performance mic, as it does feel a bit filmsy, but, you won't notice the flimsiness except for when you're adjusting it. Adjusting it is a tad tedious, but, you can get a really good position with the microphone after a couple minutes.I've mounted my Samson Q1U Dynamic Cardioid USB microphone to it. It works well for sure. Then, I attached the standard pop filter, and the microphone started tipping it over. Make sure the boom is aligned with a leg extension, or it will tip over if there's too much weight. Just find something semi heavy and find a way to attached it to the existing counter-weight, and it will be excellent. So this mic won't play nice with your large condensers + pop filters + shockmount at the start, but, just find a good counter weight and all will be well.It looks great, and will definitely be easy on the eyes in any room. It was a good investment, and all in all, you definitely get what you pay for. If you're hesitant on attaching a lot of stuff to it, then, I would recommend shelling out a couple more dollars for a sturdier stand.But atleast for me, it does the job, and does it well.
Just got this stand today.First impressions are always important, and this stand gave me a good impression.It seems to be made solid enough, not like some cheap off brand crap.The base is solid and heavy to keep the stand from falling over.The telescope mechanism is quite well made.Comes with a cable clip and an adjustment piece for smaller mic adapters.I got mine set up to extend up to 3ft tall. It's quite the perfect height for when I'm seated on my stool.One thing I did not quite like about the construction is the crew on rod to the base place. It unscrews easily when the mic stand is moved. Maybe adding something to keep it screwed in?Would recommend to others.Probably will be buying a few more to mic my amps and cabs.
The rosin does the trick, and it's cased in a nice wooden holder, so it shouldn't crack easily (unlike those round rosin containers).
I hope there had been a closer picture of the product.I was a little surprised when I got it because it doesn't look as great as I imagined.The white lightning is stamped on the black strap, the same goes for the GIBSON name on the end of it.Maybe it will get better looking in the long run.
I sent it back, probably due to my ignorance.  Has multiple patterns to collect sound.  Was a clear mike but I didn't detect any body to the sound.  Maybe a preamp would have helped.  I checked out many mikes and ended up with a Rode NT-1A which is probably similar in character.  My goal was to record my voice without color and this came close.  I wonder how this could have a zillion ratings of five stars?  Suspicious ratings to me.  Now that I have more experience I would be curious to check it out.  But since I found a good solution I don't think it's worth the effort.
this mic gives a great range of recording purposes! Seems well built and rugged, the only complaint I have is that the face plate on the front fell off after only a month of light use, they must use a cheap adhesive for it, I had to clean both surfaces and give it a dab of gorilla glue to get the plate back on
Seriously, this is a great pedal. I can't improve upon what others have said, but I will mention a few points.1. I use this after the preamp or dirt boxes for a lead tone, or to add more crunch to my Fender Frontman 212 when inserted in the effects loop. It's run before time based effects (delay, phaser, etc) for me.2. I sometimes use it before the distortion as a clean booster, while focusing one of the sliders to boost a few frequencies.3. If it gets noisy or "self oscillates" after a while, change the battery to a fresh one. Better yet, use an AC adapter.I found out about the last issue after reading a few Harmony Central reviews. Otherwise, it's been on my setup for about seven years. I take care of my stuff.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...I still think it takes a bit of brightness on bypass but when it's on it's great! I've been thinking on using it mainly as a boost for leads but it sounds so much better with it i can't seem to turn it off!it's light, small and it looks well built but only time will tell how resistent it is but hey for 30 bucks it's a great deal!This is a good EQ for an excelent price, not an excelent EQ so i give it a 4 out of 5 and look forward to testing some others danelectro pedals.
For your money I can't recommend the EQ enough. It's cheap, works well, and is small enough as to not clutter your pedalboard.
I've been useing this pedal for several years and it does the job.  Yes, it could be metal, and I wish the button gave a satisfying 'click' when I step on it.  For under thirty clams I can look past these things.  I have not had any issues with noise (crackling or oscillation).  I really have no complaints at all with it's performance so I am glad I didn't shell out 3-4X more money so I can feel more secure when I unlatch my pedal board in front of gear-snobs.  I don't think I need to run this pedal with every amp I own but it does a great job 'opening up the sound' of boxy or dark sounding amps.  When I run it in the effects loop of my Palomino V8 (great little practice amp btw) that little amp sounds HUGE.  Also great in front of my Blues Jr.  If you own an amp with a single tone knob (Pro Jr, Valve Jr etc) or if you find your tone stack lacking responsiveness you owe it to yourself to buy one of these. Even if you are satisfied with the responsiveness of your amp's controls, this pedal can double as a volume boost when playing lead.  Once my sound is dialed in, I leave typically leave it on and forget about it.  It's also pretty indespensible for shaping the sound of your amplified acoustic guitar-
These Danelectro pedals are great quality for the money. I use this pedal behind my dirt pedals for added flexibility and bringing out some more "brilliance" to the tone. The case is plastic, not very attractive, and perhaps not very sturdy. Also the button to push down for the effect leaves a bit to be desired -- it doesn't feel very solid. But I intend to use this more for recording than live use, so I'm not worried about that. Anyway, there aren't many EQ's on the market, and for the price, it can't be beat. I would recommend it.
Nice overall, with a good sustained ring from the steel strings (1-2) and a bit of a metalic sound on the wound strings (3-6).  I like the sound I get on my Yamaha acoustic.
I originally purchased these strings because of the 11-52 gauges. I wanted a set of strings that would have slightly lighter tension than a regular set of light gauge which is usually somewhere around 12-54. Upon installing these strings, I can't really see much difference in size from the regular light gauge, but maybe it's too small to notice with the naked eye. I'm not entirely sure that these strings were louder or a marked improvement over the old DAddario strings that they replaced. They might be a little brighter or have more clarity due to being new. The guitar that I'm using them on, is a small body with a nice mellow sound anyway, so everything sounds nice and smooth. Overall, I'm satisfied with the sound and performance of the new strings, but I don't think I'm ready to give up DAddarios yet.
Ernie Ball is really on to something with the Slinky series, offering a nice range of weights. I swear by the Slinky, after being conned into a a set of Mexican-Made Martins.
Heard good things about the Ernie Ball Slinky string set and decided to give it try on our son's Taylor GS Mini.  Replaced the worn out strings out of that guitar and he is back in business.  Honestly though, it is hard to really compare strings, these seem fine and currently I see no reason to try another brand.  In conclusion, I see no reason not to buy and install these again.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I have found the perfect strings and these are not them.I will use these for my lower end stuff I will probably sell anyway.  We all have our preferences but I'm not an Ernie Ball fan.  They're cheap though.
No matter the weight selections, I've found the Ernie Ball Slinky series a worthy pairing for my acoustics.  Theyy're responsive and twangy.
I like these 9-42 Pure Nickel strings ... nice tone, work well on my Stratocaster with Fender locking tuners ... great combo, even with ghost bends, slides, and pounding with Drop D and Open G tuning.
Decent strings I used for a beat up strat that I had. Nothing to special but it was good enough for that. I'd recommend these.
Same kind that come on all guitars from the Fender factory. Classic sound. I have switched to D'Addarios to capture that Frusciante sound.
i was pretty happy with them when i got them and finally used them and will likely pick up more once i need them.
I've used GHS medium bronze wound strings on my Martin D-18 for several years. I thought I'd give these Ernie Ball strings a shot after reading reviews. They are lighter than I expected. They are closer to "light" than medium. I'm not that impressed. They sound too bright and occasionally rattle on the frets. I think the next set I buy will be medium and probably GHS. You never know until you try.Update: I've gotten used to the 'sound' of these strings and I DO like that they are easier on the old fingers when playing. Pure Bluegrass players like to torture their fingers with heavier strings to get that mellow BG sound, though. ;) At my age I need all the help I can get, so I'll have to admit that I like do like these strings.
These just sound flat in comparison to Elixir Nanowebs and they don't feel as good either.I guess I just prefer coated acoustic strings.
I use these strings on my gig guitar because the are light enough I can play a couple hours without shredding my fingers but they are big enough to give it a nice warm sound
put them on my daughter's guitar, and she enjoys them.  anything would be an improvement over the dead strings that she was playing.i'll take ernies over martins, but not over d'addarios on my guitars though.
Fender came up with a fine electric guitar holder - one of two new models, the other for acoustic guitars. Well built, reliable, folds up, takes little room to care around. Ideal for gigs as well as studio and home. Solid performer. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
This is an good stand for situations where there aren't too many threats to your guitar (running dogs on the porch, reeling drunks at a bar). Get a heavier stand or a wall hanger if you have a fabulous vintage Martin or a handmade Henderson. Overall, well worth the price.
Not your average Giant Clumsy Guitar Stand, but it works. The only drawback is that it is literally not big enough to provide a very stable base of support. If you have toddlers or rambunctious dogs, or even fairly large cats, a larger stand might be a better choice. If your household is quiet, this is very much a good bargain.
I like the size of the stand and the flexibility.  Easy to put together and holds my guitar very well.
This stand folds into a pretty small package, but supports the guitar very solidly. You would almost have to INTENTIONALLY knock it over, I don't think a casual bump would do it. The only complaint I would have is that the guitar leans back a bit far. My other stands are pretty standard, with a vertical riser to support the neck, and I'm used to a more upright stance. Maybe that's just a matter of taste, but otherwise this is a great stand.
This item does the job. I don't have any real marks against it but I've seen better stands out there.
Fender's new Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is one of two new stands, the other is for electric guitars. Sturdy, reliable and easy to take on gigs or use in the studio or at home. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
It winds well and can cut off excess string thereafter. The design also includes a bridge pin puller that comes in handy. With some acquired technique this tool does a job.
I won't rant about a string winder..  They aren't that technical of an item but I do like the string cutter.  I do almost prefer the pin puller on the cheaper units but I am not going to be that picky..  This unit works just fine and I am sure that I will lose it before It breaks..
It works fine for the regular guitars but the bass guitar has these very wide tuning pegs.  This winder has a slot that will sorta fit across this tuning peg but it doesn't feel like it has enough of a grip to make turning it easier.I haven't had a chance to actually use it while changing strings yet, but so far it looks like it'll work as advertised in every other aspect.
i always keep these around during string changes. i prefer the bass version to this if you can find it
It works pretty well on my ukulele, however it left several dents and scratches on the tuners of my ukulele.
I ordered the product thinking it was going to be the answer to all my dreams, but alas, I was wrong. The winding apparatus works beautifully, but the cutter doesn't allow me to get a short enough cut on the strings for my preference, so I'm back to using metal pliers to snip the strings close to the post. All in all, a good product to have if you don't have pliers on hand or don't mind getting a closer snip.I cannot comment on the peg remover since my acoustic doesn't have pegs - luckily, the strings are fed through the slots on the back of the bridge, which I think is a much better design than guitars with pegs to hold strings in place. Each to their own, I suppose.
The winder works well for me, and the cutter is good to have connected to the tool (so I don't have to search out a pair of snips), but a spring loaded cutter would be less awkward.  Also, the bridge pin puller is kinda flimsy, and doesn't work well for reluctant pins.  I actually like my Dunlop winder better; this tool is longer so it comes off of the pegs a little more, but I guess that's the compromise of having a working cutter, so I won't be throwing away my other winder any time soon.
I found this tool to be convenient and better made than I anticipated, making it a solid value for the money.  No need for a collection of separate tools anymore.
This does a fine job of cutting even a thick E bass string. Very pleased. Also works to cut ukulele strings! Hooray hooray hooray.
I probably should buy another one for other guitars, but I carry in my electric case.  I'm sure the day I will need it, I will have acoustic with me!  I use different method for my bass, but this is perfect for 6 strings!
Its a nice pice,, easy to use and necessary when you change the string of your guitar,,, the only matter and its not a big deal,, is that make a squeaking sound besides that works perfect
I realy like the cutter. The only thing, for me, was the peg winder was getting in the way.With just a simple screw it comes right off. I much prefer it without the winder. Build quality is awesome. Sturdy and a bit weighty. Definitley worth a buy.
Primarily purchased to have a string cutter in the guitar case rather than going to get one from my tool box.Found the pin puller did not really work for me, so put my old string winder from 20 yrs. ago back in the case to use that pin puller which worked just fine. Seemed no matter how I tried, I was almost scratching the saddle tried to get that groove under the head of the pins and could never get it to work on a six string steel acoustic guitar.It seems that &#34;C&#34; shaped opening in the end is for stretching strings, and I find that is better done by hand. So really I just use this for the wire cutter feature.  And the string winder itself also works well.
I have used this winder now 4 times.  It does what it is supposed to do and adds to speed and efficiency of the task.
Not as sturdy as some I've used and seen floating around, but it gets the job done as advertised.  Not a terrible buy.  Construction is a bit on the cheap side, though, as it is mostly plastic and seems a bit fragile around the edges.  The clipper and winder work well, though, even though they are both predominantly made of the same lower grade material.  However, all you really need are the two functions, and they work.
I'm not sure how much extra utility you get out of the winder.  Maybe if you change strings a lot, then this could be a key part of you equipment bag.  The cutter part is nice, it is solid and effective without being too heavy, yet it does feel well made.  For the price, keep it around rather than tracking down other wire cutters when you need to change out a set of strings.
Stripped down one of my basses at the weekend, found this very useful, made stripping and replacing strings really easy. Large enough to fit the fender tuners. Have 2 new sets of strings on order so fitting them won't be as daunting a task as without this item.
This is a pretty cool item. I bought I thought it was cool and different. Is well worth the price and a good thing to have in your guitar case.
The winder makes a loud and ear piercing squeaking when winding fast. I tried unscrewing it and putting a little oil on the screw head but it didn't make much difference. I hope it goes away with use.The string cutter works like a champ. I was using a set of flush cut nips but they kept getting bent trying to cut the hard nickel and steel of guitar strings. These work much better. They don't cut the string they shear it off. I've done 3 sets of strings and no noticable wear on the cutter.
Nice quality and love the cutter. The winder is a little awkward to use. I guess I need a little practice. But the cutters are great.
Bought it to replace strings for my Taylor.Does all the job that I need it to perform.Winds the strings fastPulls the pegs smoothlycuts the excess wireDOES NOT SCRATCH MY GUITAR!!!the only issue really is that it squeaks a lot. can be fixed with some oil.
I purchased this before I have ever changed a string. While waiting for it to come - I had to change one. Youtube videoed how to do it. This tool came and while it is nice and I will be sure to use it, It is not a MUST have. But I had wire snips from my jewelry kit available. Not everyone would have those. This will work great! It is sturdy and small.
This is a handy little tool. The winder is nice and the clipper works well. It doesn't pull the bridge pegs out so it doesn't get five stars from me. And don't be too rough when winding or it will break.
This combo string winder, peg extractor and string clipper serves all three purposes adequately. It fits easily into a gig bag and is light and easy to handle. It is inexpensive enough that I have one in each of my gig bags and cases. In some ways it's like a bic pen, it's cheap enough that if you leave it someplace or lose it you can replace it.
Every guitar player should own this tool. instead of having half your tool box out just to restring your ax all you need is one tool.
I got this for my daughter, a begining guitarist, she has been playng for 3-4 months. She absolutely loves it. The product works perfectly and is durable. The downsides are it's a bit awkward to turn, but easy to get used to. It is very hard to accurately cut the strings.
Overall, I like this winder.  It's handy having the wire cutter built into it.  But when I am winding new strings, it often slips off.  Since I am using one hand to hold tension on the new string, I would prefer this to hold on more securely so I don't have to put it back on several times.  But all in all, it's a lot better than winding by hand, and it seems sturdy.
It beats doing it the old fashion way and the cutter is sweet, but it could be better.1. It slips off if you go too fast, but I thought that was the purpose of using a gadget like this.2. It didn't come with much of any instructions, so I was using it wrong at first. There is a big and a small slot.3. The cutter is so that I pinched my finger during use. The cutter works great, you just have to be careful.4. The screw that holds it on keeps coming loose. Sure I can tighten it, but it just means the design could be better.All and all it's one of those must have gadgets, but it does require a little discipline to master. I hope the next version comes with a soft, rubber insert so it doesn't scratch the chrome off my turner pegs. That and maybe they could use a long screw and some Loctite to keep it from coming loose. And well, maybe they could offer it in more colors to make it easier to find. Everything I have seems to be jet black.
The string winder with a string cutter and pin puller is an excellent design. It will be very useful when installing new guitar strings with all of the items needed for the job.My only issue is the shipping charges for such a small item. The shipping cost were almost as high as the cost of the item itself making the purchase of this item an unfavorable purchase price for a single item. If you need an additional item on an order from this seller you need to check the shipping cost or you will not be getting the good price advertised for the item and may consider purchasing it elsewhere.
It's nice having all of the tools on one device. The pin puller is very slim and works better than the puller on the basic string winders. I like to trim my strings and the cutters also work well.
I like this string winder, and it is convenient having the wire cutter there too, but the &#34;bridge pin puller&#34; is too small, and doesn't work on my instruments.  That's why I gave it 4 stars instead of five.
When I first saw this item I wondered:  Why is the regular guitar version $6.99 and the bass version only $4.99?Suddenly an amazing clarity came over me and I realized-- the bass version only has to tune FOUR strings instead of six.  So it costs less because we don't need to use it as much!But then I remembered there are 5 string bass guitars and I thought, okay... shouldn't they have a $5.99 one for 5-string bass guitars?Sadly the universal clarity became even more muddied when I realized with some dismay that there are even 6-string bass guitars.  Will this even work on a 6-string bass?  After all, that's 2 more strings than its intended purpose!These perplexing questions aside, I find this to be an excellent and ideal tool.  Its function is three-fold:1) String winder2) String cutter3) Peg pullerSo no more running for the wire clippers to pull a peg or cut a string.  All the tools you need to change strings are in this one reasonably-priced tool.  Made by D'addario, the quality lives up to the brand.  It's solid, the wire cutter and peg puller well designed.  It does everything it's supposed to do, does it well and is of good construction.PROS:  Good strong well-designed unitCONS: The winder is held on by a single screw and there are numerous reports of that screw coming unscrewed during use.  I would recommend putting a drop of super glue down in the screw thread area to secure the screw and prevent that happening. Because of this design flaw 4 stars instead of 5.I note that there are reviews here as old as four years... and it appears this device has undergone design changes during that time.  Some say the head bowl is so deep it can result in scratching of the guitar head.  Others report it being so shallow it slips off the keys.What I believe is that it is a mistake to sell the BASS and STANDARD GUITAR version on the same page.  From what I can deduce from the reviews, it appears some folks have inadvertently purchased the BASS guitar version, which does indeed have a wide and deep cup, and did not realize it.  Imho, the two products should be listed on two different pages for clarity.  It's obvious from the reviews that some folks have accidentally purchased the wrong unit.Some have reported the peg puller being "metal" and scratching the bridge.  The one on mine is vinyl and while it is hard enough to scratch the bridge if one isn't careful-- the same holds true for needle nose pliers.Bottom line is there is some responsibility of the user to pay attention to what they're doing, don't get in a rush, and be aware of the need to protect their instrument while using ANY modification tool. I suspect if one is going to get in a hurry and try to change strings 0 to 60 in 5 seconds... they may wind up damaging their guitar.  Turn on the light, put on reading glasses if necessary to see... and take your time and this device should work fine.  Be aware when reading reviews that many seem to be out of date (dunno why the company didn't simply start a new listing when redesigning the device).
I hate string noise and a dirty acoustic. This kit covers all the bases from the fret board to the body. My favorite acoustic guitar is over 40 years old and it looks like a brand new guitar and no annoying string noise when I am changing chords or fingering the fret-board.
Unfortunately, the first one of these I ordered from Amazon arrived with two of the bottles having leaked their contents all over the place. Take two! The second set I received was in great condition, and I'm really surprised with the amount of product you get for the low cost. This kit literally has everything you will need (except new strings of course...) to keep your guitar looking and sounding great.
The products work great, applied them to my new Les Paul Ukulele for protection. The strings that came with my ukulele were junk so I decided to replace them with aquila strings. Prior to doing so I decided that I would like to prep the fret board. The frets seemed a little rough and the rosewood looked a little dry to me so....I ordered this kit to see what it would do. It comes with both fret board cleaner and even a very fine grit emery cloth for the metal frets. I thought I would try the emery cloth on the frets and was very pleased with the results. The frets are now very smooth and shiny and the rosewood fret board looks like it is much happier after a little drink.The polish for the instrument brought out a deep luster...but remember a little goes a long way so the wax should last a very long time as I am sure the other products will too.The cloths are very soft and should not damage you instrument. Mine came soaked due to the 02 bottle leaking upon arrival. That is the reason I did not give this product a 5 star. It looked like the package was damaged prior to shipment since the out side package was pristine and the product was protected well inside with adequate padding.I am now going to work on my Gibson Les Paul Custom Guitar and I am sure that I will be very happy with the results!Great product which would deserve the full 5 stars if it was packaged a little better.
The Dunlop Guitar Fingerboard Kit arrived very quickly and was put to the test immediately.  I am pleased with the product.  It makes my guitar look new again.  I will definitly look into their other products.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick service.
I cleaned and oiled the fretboard on my straocaster the day after I received the product. The cleaning product worked very nicely but the oil was hard to get out through the applicator. The fretboard turned out nicely though so I decided to give it a 4 instead of a 3. I have to say though that I believe a big bottle of eye glass cleaner to clean the fretboard with and a good furniture polish would work just as well. Since you only use a small amount the kit will last a long time so it isn't a bad buy. Just remember it isn't recommended for a maple fretboard and could damage it. If you want to use this type of product then I recommend this one.
Has everything you need to keep fretboard in condition.Works well,Seems to hold up well also(treatment lasts for awhile...)Emery cloth for polishing frets is nice,worth $20.00,for sure.....
This set is not for everyone! In fact, you might have to get the neck adjusted after installing this set.  While I can see rockers laying down overpowering riffs with these my goal is to get the lowest action I can on a jazz box.  No question about the quality, though, these hold up the same fine standards as the other Slinky sets.
Awesome strings, did what I needed them to do (Drop A/B). Good tension.Only con is that Ernie Ball strings seem to wear out fast and lose tone. So for now I'm good but in a few weeks I'll need new strings. In which case I'll probably go D'addario or Cobalts.Still, decent strings if you need cheap strings fast.
So these are heavy strings that work well. I did have an issue with the strings messing with my bridge on my guitar but with some more springs it worked well enough.
I have finally discovered that the &#34;perfect set&#34; is a moving target. As arthritis creeps in I find myself playing heavier strings with a lower action, and these work in that respect. Another advantage of usiung this set is that it beefs up the treble side without making the bass side too boomey. (Telecaster, anyone?)
I use earnie ball strings as my backup strings. They don't have as nice and clear a tone as my d'addario or curt mangan strings, nor do they have the life expectancy, however they are cheaper and really easy to bend. Since I can't afford to restring with the more pricey strings every single time, I go with these when I'm practicing. They do break alot when I play some crazy solos, which blows, and is the main reason why I'm not giving them 5s. (No it's not my technique, I've never broken a string on any other brand strings I've tried.) When I'm in the studio recording, I prefer, like I said before, D'addario or curt mangan strings, however to save money, I practice with these strings and I think it's not a bad method, as I go through strings like doritos (I eat doritos alot).
This isn't a review of these strings so much as a warning or caveat for those of you playing guitars with floating bridges (usually for a whammy bar) and not using these heavier strings already.I wanted a little fuller sound than the 10-46 slinky strings (aka regular slinky) and the idea of some driving base appealed to me so ordered the beefy's. I strung them up but had a hard time tuning the guitar. Every time I got the higher strings in tune, the lowers would go down as much as a half note. It took awhile to realize that my floating bridge was coming off the body as I tightened the strings. So I pulled the back plate off my strat and set to off tighten down the the tensions screws. I made about 5 adjustments each time retuning the guitar to check my progress. The final time I tightened them down, the high E string broke. Since these were my only beefy's, my day was done with these strings. However, given how far I tightened the tension screws, I think I would have had to purchase an additional tension spring (not too expensive or difficult to install if you have the inclination to do it) to get the bridge flush with the body.As I said, this isn't a knock of these strings. I never really got a chance to play them. Just a heads up for anyone moving up to these heavier strings. It can be quite a shock the first time your see your bridge sticking out at a 45 degree angle to your guitar and if you aren't careful, you can damage your guitar.
I was loking for a particular sound that I jsut couldn't find with lighter strings. This set was perfect and I was able to re-create the sound Iwas looking for.
I wouldn't recommend tuning these strings to E however, because the intense amount of tension it takes to tune these to E can cause permanent damage to the neck that not even the truss rod can fix. The highest I feel comfortable tuning these to is E flat. If you are doing anything at or below Drop C sharp, these strings will work out great for you.
What you gain in string life with these strings you loose in tone. I'm not saying the tone is bad, but it's not as good as quality strings with no coat. That having been said, I'm pleased with them as a string for guitar practice. They last for months without a change in tone. I don;t play much in public venues, so it is not a problem for me to change strings when I do.
There's NO SUCH THING as a "best string".  From experimenting over the years, I've found that, while I have "old standbys" that will be the first thing I try, often there is a string that is just right for a particular guitar and it varies from guitar to guitar.Coated strings have become all the rage over the last few years.  They're expensive, but they last a lot longer, especially if you have the kind of body chemistry that causes them to corrode quickly.  Also, they minimize the amount of finger noise you get if you slide on the strings.Elixir Polywebs were the first coated string.  The coating is much heavier than that of other strings.  This produces a much less bright, more muted sound.  I have an old koa guitar that is so bright I can't stand it with standard strings.  The Elixir Polywebs tone it down to the point where it's perfect.If you're looking for a darker sound, then Elixir Polywebs are definitely worth a shot.  If you want a coated string but prefer the brighter sound of uncoated strings, then you definitely don't want Polywebs.The 4 stars applies if you want this particular type of sound.  If you don't want this sound, you could end up awarding them 1 star.
great strings, deep rich tones from both highs and lows, a very good value for the dollar and customer service is second to none
I used this strap for the first time during a rehearsal last night. I typically practice sitting down without a strap when I am alone, but stand up when rehearsing or performing with a band. I had previously used a very expensive 2" padded leather cradle type strap, which I really liked. I sold that banjo and the strap with it, but recently re-acquired another banjo and wanted a good strap, but was not willing to pay the $80 again for a premium padded leather strap. I saw all of the great reviews for this strap and the affordable price and took a chance. I am glad I did.This strap may not be as elegant as fine leather, but it is made extremely well and feels very durable and substantial in its construction. What blew me away is that my full tone ring banjo, which weighs about 14 pounds, literally felt half as heavy. It is no joke. At first, the feeling was unnerving, because the strap has some elastic give to it. You get this dual sensation of a) the banjo feeling super light and b) as if the banjo is going to sink to the floor. Paradoxical I know, but that's where the magic of this strap is. It is almost as if the banjo is floating in front of you, but in reality it remains very stable when playing.Like I said, the build quality is outstanding. My only critique of the design is that it is very modern and non-traditional, so you also have to get used to the contrast of a traditional instrument, like a 5-string bluegrass banjo and the newer style and design of this strap.This is not just a good strap for the money rather it is a great strap at any price point. I think I might try these on my electrics (though I already have literally hundreds of dollars invested in a stable of those high end padded leather straps).
Amazing strings, they last longer feel better on the bends than any other. They have a smoother feel and a nice bright sound.
I have had them on my Loar Guitar for a few weeks and they seem to work fine.  We will see how long they last.  I have used Elixir for electric and while they do last longer I wish it was a bit longer.
I've used these strings longer than any other strings I've tried (about 7 years).  Last year I switched to D'Addario EXP16's because they sounded better on the guitar I have now, but still keep a pack of Nanowebs as a backup.  Here are my pros and cons of this string:Pros:+Easier to fret and play than other strings.  I don't know why; I looked up the tension stats on these strings and they seem to be equivalent or higher than other strings.  But they certainly are easier to fret (press down) and play than any other string I've tried, including other coated ones.  The coating on the Nanoweb strings is thinner than the Elixir Polyweb series, but still feel very smooth and even 'slippery', as some people remarked.  They have very little string squeak.+Last longer than any other strings I've tried - maybe because of their brightness, these strings mellow with age (as all strings do) but never really sound dull.  The only reason I saw to change them was when they became overly dirty or broke, usually every few months of regular playing.+Very bright sound, which cuts through well playing live with a full band, and livens up the sound of cheaper guitars.  However, this can also be a con (see below)Cons:-Cost more than most strings, including other coated strings.-Can sound overly bright, especially on some higher end guitars.  They tend to dominate the sound of the guitar, which is good for cheaper guitars without quality woods or construction, but not so good for a guitar that already resonates well.  For this reason I switched to the EXP16 phosphor bronze string for my current guitar. The EXP16 is coated but has a more natural/dark sound that complements the 'woodiness' of the guitar better than the Elixirs (although not as easy to play).-Not available for export outside the U.S.  When I was working abroad, I used to buy these from a U.S. company who would ship them to me.  Elixir changed their policy to prevent this, so I ended up switching strings because the cost of Elixirs abroad was so high.
Lately I have been experimenting with various make of acoustic guitar strings.....to the less and also most expensive strings.  I find the Elixir excellent. My testing is ongoing and cannot give the Elixir a top rating yet. That may change along the way.However, I believe that guitar strings are a bit like food and wine.  What may appeal to my palate may not appeal to someone else's palate.  Therefore, strings that may sound good to my ear may not sound good to someone else's ear.My ears remain attentive to future string sounds.  I also love the d'Addario make.  Which I purchase through Amazon...always.
I've been using Nanoweb and Polyweb (no idea what the difference is) Elixirs consistently for years now on my Martin Jumbo Cutaway.I periodically try out other brands whenever I see something that might compete, especially when another "extended life" or "coated" string is released. I would happily bail on Elixir at $13 a set if someone offered a cheaper option that worked as well. In fact, I was quite optimistic about the $9 D'Addario EXPs until I heard their tone begin to evaporate after a few days like any other string. Nothing that I've used up to this point has gotten close to challenging the quality of the mighty purple box.The sound you get from these on Day 1 is crisp and beautiful as expected. That's not where Elixirs kill the competition though. It's after 20 hours of play that they show their strength. You will still hear fresh, bright tones from them when any other set would have already crossed into the dead zone. In fact, I typically start breaking them before they begin to sound too dull. I play relatively aggressively and use palm-muting constantly, allowing skin oils to eat right through the strings at the bridge.Saying that the tone lasts 3.5x longer (as stated on the box) might be a stretch but there is no question that you get at least double the life out of these at less than twice the cost of alternatives.If you are an occasional player or a music shop owner, these are a no-brainer. The coating is extremely effective at combating the effects of time and oxygen exposure. For the everyday, aggressive player you will simply get better tone and longer life.One nit-picky point of criticism: the packaging is an issue for me. WHY would any manufacturer still utilize tree-killing paper envelopes that allow strings to get stale? I'm seriously asking! I've got to be missing something here. A shred of plastic sealed around all 6 strings is greener, more cost-efficient, and it keeps the strings fresh (thank YOU D'Addario, I'll never leave your electric strings). I would happily buy Elixirs in bulk if I had faith in their shelf-life. Complaints about these snapping prematurely are probably valid, happening when someone gets a set that's been sitting around for a while. Think of them as a perishable and buy them from places that move a lot of units (like Amazon :)
Time will tell if they last longer than strings 1/3rd the price. Visually, they don't appear any different than cheaper Bronze wound strings. I was expecting something different, but as far as sound goes, the strings tuned well and only required some stretching 3 times to get them to stay in tune, even after playing &#34;smear notes&#34; on several songs. My problem with cheaper strings (De'Angelo) was they would tarnish or rust quickly, the winding would come lose and bare the inner string over the fret marks on the guitar. The company claims these are treated to prevent corrosion and should last 3 to 5 times longer. I'll know in a few weeks if that statement is true or not. Since these are literally triple the cost, I'll know if it was worth the extra expense. Hopefully these are made in the USA instead of China like most other things we buy in America. Good or bad, once I see the longevity of this set, I'll add to this review at that time.
These are perfect. Hard to beat strings. They last, keep in tune, and keep their tone. They don't need any string cleaners either. So you can save money on that. An obvious noticeable difference between the Medium gauge and the Light is that these Medium gauge are not recommended if you like to finger-pick a lot.  But boy.... Are they bright! Enough to blow the spruce tops from pine trees!
These do not last as long as they say they do but they do last longer than most strings.  I like them.
These strings have great tone and feel.  They seem to maintain the tone and quality for a long period of time.
I really like these strings, because I have sweaty hands that tend to make the strings on my guitars corrode and rust very fast. I can play a guitar once, and leave it there for 2-3 weeks, and the strings will be rusty and nasty when I return to it. I now rub down the strings thoroughly after each session playing them, but this stil happens.Then I happened across these Elixir nanowebs. They are great. I no longer need to rub down my strings so thoroughly, and they stay rust and gunk-free for 2+ weeks (of regular playing). However, I did encounter one strange thing. While playing at a rehearsal, my E-string just popped and broke, hurting my finger a bit. I was surprised, because outwardly the string didn't look that bad.So that is the downside. With regular strings, you can tell the string is near the end of its life b/c it looks really bad. With these, they may still look okay but be close to breaking. Made me a little cautious.I still prefer these 100% over other strings, though.
Elixir strings are my favorite choice of strings for all 8 of my Guitars. They are smooth and bending is a breeze. They last longer than most other brands I've used. I use a little Finger Grease Spray and I would recommend them to anyone.
Good strings for my electric guitar.I liked the product a lotClean sound, easy to change and much more.
Sound great, last much longer than any other string I have tried.Worth the extra $$. Give them a try.
I put a set of Elixir Nanoweb custom light strings on my main acoustic guitar maybe a couple of months ago.  Although I don't play gigs on it, I play the guitar just about every day, or maybe every other day.  The custom lights are wonderful:  great durability, nice tone and projection, easy on the fingers.  I bought a set of the Elixir extra lights for a Laguna 3/4 size travel guitar I have.  The reasoning was that the lighter body guitar with a shorter scale could use lighter strings, thereby putting less stress on the body.  Compared with the light D'Addario strings that came with the guitar, these have a more muffled low E string.  The A string, too, doesn't project as much as the standard strings.  Although I've not tried the extra lights on my full-sized acoustic, I suspect that there, too, the lower strings would not have the presence or ring of other brands.  Even with the custom light set--where the lower strings are a heavier gauge than a normal light set--the bass notes have a slight hint of that muffled quality.  The thing that most players of Elixirs seem to talk about is the playability and the durability.  They are smoother feeling than non-coated strings, and certainly don't degrade because of perspiration nearly as quickly as regular strings.  The other thing that's important to know, though, is that the Elixirs are excellent at holding a tune, once they're stretched and broken in.  That being said, I'm not sure that I would put the extra lights on the Laguna again because of the bass projection issue:  a small guitar has little enough bass to begin with and these strings don't help.  As you might have guessed, though, I'm thoroughly convinced about the custom lights on the full-sized acoustic.
My husband got these and they don't get dirty as quickly, which is a plus.  Initially the sounds aren't as clear as the uncoated ones, but it wears off after a couple of hours of play and you wouldn't know the difference.  He'll buy them again.  No difference in putting the new strings on from the regular kind.
I'm not a pro by any means.  I am enjoying this guitar.  It has all I expected it to have in terms of playability and range.  It _may_ tend to overdrive a little bit.  More than my other guitars (again not a pro).  One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it.  A drop of wood glue fixed it.  Had I paid $300 or more for the guitar I'd have been upset, but as is that was an easy fix.My biggest complaint is that the finish on the body is thicker and less &#34;natural&#34; that the image appears to be.  It's pretty enough, and fine for a $100 guitar.  But I really wanted &#34;natural wood&#34; and it isn't.  Otherwise it would be a 5 star.  I play it every day.
I'd first like to say that I bought this guitar on Amazon for about $65, a lot cheaper than it's being sold now (currently $111). It's a wonderful guitar for an inexpensive solidbody, but it looks a little different than the picture would lead you to believe. For one, the guitar doesn't have a "finish," not even a glossy clearcoat -- it's solidbody wood, sanded smooth and given a deep wood stain. Secondly, the guitar is pictured as being much lighter in color than it actually is. The photo shows it looking almost like a red colored wood; in reality, it's a much darker, deep brown, akin to coffee.This does not, however, affect its playability, which is wonderful. I have a bit of buzzing on one fret, but that can easily be fixed with a good sanding and polish. The guitar can also be strung and tuned easily, though with any guitar of this body style you'll have to continually tune-and-retune until the strings will keep a tuning. It's a very heavy, sturdy guitar, and for a solidbody with two humbuckers you'll likely not find one that sounds as meaty and smooth.
I was a little reluctant to try the EVO XM as I have a Vendetta and the tuners are junk.  Fortunately this guitar does not inherit this issue.It's a beautiful looking guitar with very nice setup.  Action is incredible.  Almost too low for those that do a lot of stretching but great for those that are into fast riffs.  The difference in tone between the neck and bridge pickups is great and the pickups are very responsive.Hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point.
Recently, I was building a Telecaster project.  A friend recommended using the 4 way switch instead of the stock 3 way switch.  This allows you to have the three positions normally found on a Telecaster,  bridge only,  bridge + neck in parallel, and neck only.  It also adds the ability for you to add a setting with the bridge and neck pickups in series.The result of this added position is that you get a higher volume output from the guitar than in the regular bridge + neck position and  a slightly higher top end output.  This is clearly a case of &#34;your mileage may vary.&#34;  I've been used to the traditional 3-position switch on my other Telecasters.  I'm a bit indifferent to this mod.  If I was building another guitar, I would probably use this switch again.  It does what it is supposed to do and it is within a couple dollars of the 3-way.  However, I would not change out a working 3-way switch for this.  For me, the added benefit just isn't worth the effort.
I didnt have my research done correctly and ordered these because i wanted &#34;vintage&#34; for my &#34;relic'd&#34; build. Clearly my mistake that these do not fit the cheap necks sold here on Amazon. But no worries, Amazon sells adapters to make the &#34;large&#34; holes in the neck fit the &#34;smaller&#34; vintage tuning key posts.1 star off for not looking like the higest quality. I'm happy though and this was a good purchase at the right price.
Used on an old tiesco 3/4 size guitar i refurbished for one of my grandsons. Guitar tuned easy and holds tune well. He plays it for hours at a time
Not a drop in replacment for many Fenders. I installed these on a Fender Marauder and needed to drill holes in the head stock. You can't see it really well in the picture but there is a metal plug on the bottom next to the screw hole that needs a hole to fit into.I sweat some bullets and used the smallest drill bit I own, and stuck a piece of tape 1mm from the tip so I wouldn't drill too deep. It is important to make the hole STRAIGHT in line from the screw hole so they don't go on crooked. I also had to drill the screw holes about 2mm deeper because the screws that come with this go deeper into the headstock.Now that they're installed I can attest that the guitar holds it's tune better and it's easier to tune. Before it would not respond for many pegs until twisted too far then it would suddenly break lose and be too sharp/flat. That happens far less now.
These work much better than standard stamped trees. No problem with Ernie Ball strings going out of tune quickly.I did notice in Guitar Center, some of those spendy &#34;American Strats&#34; have the cheap stamped out trees, and non-locking tuners.
If you are replacing your old butterfly trees, you can use the same holesclip and sand off the alignment pins, as they are not really needed, and justadd another hole to your headstock.Good trees for the price.
Arrived quick. These are good replacements or upgrades. Work much better then the other style of string trees.  I would recommend this.
String trees are a great inexpensive way to upgrade your standard tele or strat with accessories found on more expensive or custom shop instruments. Just remember you will have to drill for the guide posts.
The lil suckers are all about tuning  stability. Those other style string guides just aren't the same because the string binds too much. Gave them 4 stars because I don 't like the little nibs in the underside. I filed them off.
I works as advertised.  What can I say?  It's inexpensive and does what it's supposed to.  Just buy it and move on.
I really like this over the capo that came in my guitar bundle from Austin Bazaar, so after some research online and talking to friends, I bought this capo.It goes on easily,comes off easily and does not mar the finish of my guitar. Downside, seems like it does not put enough pressure on all the strings. I will play with it some more and see how I like it over this weekend.Let me know if I am missing something about this capo that I should know. Thanks!
I use this primarily when setting up guitar and measuring strings by locking down on 1st fret and taking measurements from there.
Wasn't expecting much for this price. But I was surprised. Have been using mine now for about 3 months with no problems. Workmanship seems good. Does a good job not great of putting equal pressure on the strings but overall it has been a good product. I also have a more expensive Capo just like this one. They look as though they come from the same factory. More expensive is not always better.
great stuff to have for a great price&#8230;i like it! highly recommend to everyone must have for those who loves to play guitar.
I used to use a Schubb Capo, but started using the Dunlop Trigger a few years ago and never looked back. The fit can be a little tight, especially higher up on the fretboard, but I personally like this, mostly for the fact there are less moving parts (compared to a Schubb) and the fit is nice and secure.
Works as described.  For the price I have no complaints at all. Clamps firmly and easily, doesn't move or slide around on either of my electric and acoustic.
The only negative to this well made capo is I wish the tension was slightly less.  I find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  It will work out just fine though and I will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this.
Liked this capo it worked fine. You can double this as a hand exercise device since it has a great amount of tension.
I am a beginner guitarist, I am happy with this capo. It works good and that is all I need. The fit and finish seems like quality also.
I've had a few of these my life time because people always steal capos.  What the hell.  Anyway, this capo works well.  I've only used it on Gibson and Fender electrics, and it does a fine job.  Some of the rubber padding will eventually come off as glue wears off, but it does not affect the capo-abilities.  I'm sure there are better ones, but for me, this works well.
Simple to use, works well on the Squier Strat. I'm not much of a guitarist so this is my first capo and I don't have anything to compare with but the quality is way up there.
Nice cushion on both sides,  on-string and the back of the arm. Stays very firm on the arm. It'll stay still even if you accidentally bump on it while playing.The 4-star is just to alert that it may be a problem for people with not so strong hands, like kids,  as the spring is very tough.
A quality, low-cost capo that is so easy to use that does a perfect job and claps on the guitar strap out of the way when not in use
Although it is touted for acoustic guitars, it works well with my Ibanez Electric as well as my dreadnaught and acoustic/electric. The spring is tough and it holds securely. On and off is a quick process if you have the hand/finger strength to operate it. I rate it 4 stars only because I just received it and haven't had a chance to use it much. But, I like it so far. It was delivered quickly. It does the job. I'll update after I've had it for awhile.
This is actually the first capo I have ever owned, as I am pretty new to playing the guitar. That being said, I paid close to $14 with free shipping for this capo, and I feel it is a good value. It feels well constructed, like it won't break if I drop it. The capo fits nice and tight on all six strings. Ample padding mitigates any marring of the guitar's neck. The spring mechanism is plenty tight, but not too tight to easily move or remove the capo single handed, even while playing. The capo is sleek looking, and a bit smaller than I was expecting at 3&#34; x 3&#34;, but I have no frame of reference for comparison.Item was shipped on time, and packaged in the original Dunlop packaging. Part number: 83CB, Made in USA! No counterfeit here. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will answer as best I can. Thanks for reading.SPO
Grips the neck well and keeps the strings immobile even when strumming real hard. Feels a little awkward trying to put the capo on with one hand, but I guess that's how all of them are. Works very well on acoustic guitars
I've always been a fan of these Fender Classic picks. They just feel right, wear very well, and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my Telecaster. I also think the price is pretty fair.
The Fender medium is my second choice for picks.My first is the 'Just Strings' pick that is the exact same shapewith a softer (less scrape) feel on the strings at half the price.Pick choice is like guitars and amps; everyone has a different opinion.
Even though the title says "Acoustic Guitar Case", it's obvious that this is a case for A-style mandolins. I chose it because the lining looked a little deeper in the photo, and the reviews were good. Sure enough, the lining is soft and well-padded. The hardware works as it should, and the build quality is almost perfect. However, when closing the case, a small amount of jiggling is required to make the top seat on the bottom properly. Just a slight push-pull motion will allow the top to snap in place, then everything is as it should be. The case fits my A-type mandolin perfectly, and provides the protection needed to safely transport it in a car trunk or other place where it will be bumped around. The slight mis-fit of the top and bottom is not a big enough concern to warrant returning the case. It serves its purpose well, at a reasonable price.
Great case very well made and has great padding construction seems to be good and I have no complaints about this product!!!!!
This shape give the strumming hand a better grip on the pick. I sand a bit from one of the points to give it a shape more like the classic heart-shaped Fender pick. The stock rounded point dulls the attack on the string. Good for strumming rhythm, not so hot for lead.
I bought these as spares (and they look really cool too!). I think everyone has used Fender Mediums at some point; these are no different. Reliable, last a while and more important they're inexpensive!
I'm a little surprised at this one. Just today I was emailed confirmation that the picks were shipped, and I found them in my mail box the same day. I like fender mediums because I use them on both bass and guitar. Good picks! Clean edges, good feel, good duribility, nice tone.
I have played guitar for most of 40 years and have used about any type of plectrum made. I have used coins and washers at times.My favorite pick for years was a Fender heavy and then I went for the really heavy brands like Dunlop or Clayton but found they are way too heavy and were eating my tone. I went back to Fenders and then found I like the medium best.Fender makes these in the coolest colors now so I went with them. Price them at a store and you will come back here.These came from GO-DPS which is no big deal as I shop on AMZ enough to know they use secondary sellers a lot of the time.However, I ordered a lot of stuff the day I ordered these and the full exhaust system was in my house 5 days later. These didn't show up so I contacted AMZ which goes back to GO-DPS. it took nearly a month to receive an envelope containing 12 picks. It didn't kill me not to have them - I have a million picks, I just wanted to see these in my hand.That said, I will definitely buy these again in the future and go for the different colors.Great price, great picks.
I received all twelve picks, which came in a small ziploc bag with an attached Fender tag. The color is great. I needed a thin pick for some softer picking on acoustic. These work great, though do not offer as warm a sound as rubber or felt picks. I find them to be the perfect compromise between heavy and rubber. The picks were reasonably priced and shipped via "prime", so I found them to be a great value as someone who only plays casually. Thanks.SPO
Researched around for a highly recommended capo and the result is the Shubb.  This is a capo that while is not easily adjustable to slide up and down like other spring types, it's a great capo and very durable in construction and material.  Like a good guitar that is well cared for, this is something that's great to hand down to the next generation.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I already owned a stainless version of this capo with a roller instead of the plastic tip on the adjuster screw. I like that one more and overall quality seems better on it, even though pricing was similar when I bought the first one. And the rivets on this one allow the parts to move sideways so they don't line up just right. But when I put it on a guitar it seems to line up okay, and that's the important part.
This strap looks really great and fits just as advertised........it's just that it gets in the way (for Me and my chording skills) mounted as designed and shown. I altered the mounting manner to accomodate MY style and it functions fine.(Looks great, too) High quality and compliments the Martin Name and reputation really well. I feel that it's a good deal and  recommend it!
I compared this cable to the monster studio pro 1000 cable i also own. I prefer this more as i play live and it does a good job in handling noise snd also has a no questions asked lifetime warranty. Just take your broken cable to your local guitar center and they will replace it. I got 4 replacememts over 3 years. Worth the higher price because of the warranty. The 100 dollar studio pro doesnt do well live compared to this rock cable as the studio pro sucks up tone snd only sounds good for recording. note, this cable has high mid range so if thats what you like go for it
Nice cables.  So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet.  Also have the Planet Waves Custom Series cables that work just as well for less money!  I'll have to see over time which brand out lasts the other.
I thought I was using good guitar cables but I kept getting intermittence with one.So I tried this Monster cable. It eliminated the problem.My only minor complaint is that it is very stiff. This is minor but no matter what I do it curls up unless you have it fully extended.I would still recommend it though.
This is definitely a high quality cable. However, my experience with this model and the less expensiveMonster Standard 100 Instrument Cable 21 ft. - straight 1/4 plugs S100-I-21model has shown me that the only difference is one is "prettier" with its gold colored, bling fittings. Sonically I found them to be the same - or to my ears anyway.As you can see by the tag above this review Amazon has verified that I purchased this cable (as well as Amazon verifying my purchase of the less pricey model on my review on that product page.)I initially purchased a pair of these cables for my keyboards because I had invested a significant sum into those instruments and wanted nothing but the best cables. I purchased the standard cables for some low end instruments including an old Squier Jazz Bass and a new, but very inexpensiveEpiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, Vintage Sunburst, neither of which to my mind warranted top of the line cables.Much to my surprise, when I started testing each cable on each instrument (all through the same amp to keep things equal), I could not discern any sonic difference between both Monster cable models. Same manufacturer, but different models. To be sure, this more expensive model looked "cooler", but when it came to sound - no discernible difference (that I could detect anyway.)  More perplexing is the molded stress relief ends on the less expensive model seem to make that one more reliable!My recommendation is test both this one and the standard model side-by-side before plunking down extra money for no added value beyond looks (which, I have to admit, may be a selling point on stage for some folks - no shame as long as you know what you are paying extra for and why.)
I haven't had an issue with this cable yet, and the guage of the wire connecting the plugs is very thick and high quality, but it takes a while for them to stop coiling up. Like the title says, the timeless combo of Neutrik & Mogami is better. If you're wondering how to get Neutrik/Mogami cables cheap, make them yourself. It saves you so much money!
The plastic is pretty lightweight, but it is a big help.  I keep various guitar picks, clips, pencils, etc. on it which kept falling off when I just set them in front of the music.  Glad I bought it.
Piece of plastic with no bracing. Due to design, will not attach to stands that have a turned lip on the shelf (which is most quality stands). I used double-sided sticky tape -- problem solved. Gives me a place to stow my guitar picks, tuner, capo and pencil and as such, is an invaluable accessory. Worth the 6 bucks, just be aware you may have to improvise when it comes to attaching it to your stand!
quiet, almost hum free - clear respose - no volume control doesn't befront me because i use it to record & to play thru a PA where either I or someone else keeps the volume under control. It tends to be bass heavy, but a slight eq revisit more than compensates for that. I had used one in the past, this is a more solid unit & fits movement free in the soundhole of my guitar & also in two others i use here and there. great job. great value. got herre quick in a nice little carry bag & I will update if problems come later - don't see why or how tho
The pickup itself is very nice and pretty easy to use but the plastic thing wrapped around the cable really annoyed me. How the heck were you supposed to take those off without damaging the cable? Anyway, the pickup sounds very nice and i'm happy.
This is an excellent-sounding pickup.  I've had it for about six years.  Good sound throughout the spectrum - full lows and bright highs, without too much emphasis on either.  At the price it sells for, I consider it a bargain.The drawbacks:1) You need to be pay attention when installing and removing - you can damage the sound hole on your guitar if you're not careful.2) No volume control.If you're looking to occasionally amplify an acoustic guitar, this is a great, cost-effective way to go.
Easy to use. No metallic hiss you'd normally expect. The only real drawback is the lack of presence when it comes to the bassier strings. It takes some skill to EQ things to the point of normalcy. If you're uncomfortable dealing with EQ, this might not be your best bet. Otherwise, a wonderful product at a great price.
Good strings, though in 1 use I didnt notice any significant improvement over the standard Diaddario phosphor bronze strings.
this are probably the best sounding guitar strings without breaking the bank.  I have made them last up to 2 months...still obtaining decent sound.
These D'Addario "EXP16 Phosphor Bronze Light" strings for acoustic guitars produce decent sound and are designed to last longer than "normal" strings. We have two beginner guitar players in the house and we are very hard on strings, so these are a good choice for us.We are very pleased with the way they sound, feel, and last, so will likely pick up these again the next time we need to replace the strings.Recommended!CFH
I recently sent two of my Ovations back to the factory in Connecticut for re-work (I just plain wore them out), and they came back to me with these strings on them.  As soon as I took them out of their case and strummed them, I immediately called the factory and said "thanks for the fantastic job on these guitars, and by the way, these are the best sounding strings I've ever played, what exactly are they?"  I might experiment with the EXP15s, but by and large, these EXPs are my new strings.
These strings last a good long time and are rather inexpensive. the tone is clear and bright. I have used D'Addario for years
After playing for years with Elixir Nanoweb 80/20's, I decided to experiment with a few different coated strings. I tried the Elixir Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze, Dean Markley Alchemy Gold Phosphor (now discontinued) and these EXP16s. Ultimately, I preferred the Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze the best, but the EXP16 are cheaper and the difference didn't warrant the extra cost, so I decided to stick with these for now.  I wasn't a fan of the Alchemys because of their rough texture and high tension. The EXP16s are smooth and have a very playable tension, although not as smooth and easy as the Elixir 80/20's.  As far as longevity, these seem to last me about 2 months, which is on par with other coated strings I've tried, except for the Elixir 80/20's which average about 3 months. Uncoated strings last me about a month.Depending on the style of play, I prefer brighter or warmer strings, but I'd rank the EXP16s somewhere in the middle. It's a good balance for both strumming and fingerstyle. Even though they don't project as well as the Elixir 80/20s, they have a very agreeable tone without some of the harsh overtones. For live use with a pickup I'd be more inclined to use the Elixirs, but for unplugged or mic'ed use I like the tone of these.
While I love and trust D'Addario strings, i am subtracting one star because, I really like the packaging for other strings when they have individual packets.  For my acoustics, I do not always change out all the strings at once.  I think the bass strings get changed more when they start falling off on sound.Anyway, these are classic strings that I grew up with, but as I get more involved with playing, having the flexibility of individual envelopes for each string becomes more an d more appreciated.  Especially if you like to save your single strings for use.
I like them, but these strings are probably not for everyone. The EXP16s do provide a crisp, bright sound almost leaning towards metallic. This tone is actually refreshing on my old shallow-bodied Ovation. However, I have to imagine that on a dreadnought or jumbo this sound might be quite different.While I was not expecting it, my favorite aspect of the EXP16s is the playability. The play is a little more elastic than I thought it would be, and they are amazingly easy on the fingers.The only downside that I experienced with the EXP16s is the fact that, while giving once on the guitar, they are a little brittle off the guitar (I almost snapped my E getting it set up). Other than that, the strings are just a little squeaky. I personally like a little squeak, but at the current price point, I don't think that it would be a deal breaker even for those who don't.
I've been playing guitar for years and personally I would prefer Cleartone or Elixir strings. I bought these for my little sister and she loves them. They have a really nice sound to them. I feel like you could probably get some pretty equivalent strings for less money but my sister is very happy with these.
doesn't last as long or sound as bright as Elixirs but these are half the price. Good bargain though for $6.99.sounds all right to me, bright and well balanced sound.My little brother can't tell the difference since he's new, but it works well on his guitar.
These strings last and they moderated some of the booming I get from other strings. I use the  EXP Phosphor bronze on my other dreads.
are hard to beat when it comes to durability. (except the steel ones).  I use it when I travel on a plane especially
A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. My friend had a Tele custom made for him and needed a case so I ordered this one and it hits the spot. The neck is cradled in there nice and the guitar doesn't move at all. My buddy likes the case so I am happy.Nothing gets 5 stars - there are no generals present.
This is a pretty good stand and is relatively robust for its compact size.  Opens easily and folds up to a fairly small footprint for storage/transport, and it cradles the guitar nicely.Two minor issues:1) Personal gripe - the git leans back a bit more than I would like.  Makes it more difficult to hug a wall and ends up taking more 3D space than it really needs.2) Product gripe - the two footer bars are not quite level with each other, so it rocks just a little bit.  However, with a solid body electric on it, even a little rocking can be a really bad thing.I like OnStage and own several of their products.  They are well constructed and a good value so I have no doubt I was just unlucky with this one.  I've been applying a little persuasion to even it out and it's getting better, but with the relatively robust construction it just doesn't want to give much.  Kinda sucks that it's not level out of the box, so 4 stars.
This is a good stand that can be used for both electric and acoustic guitars. The upper brace has an interesting way of securing the guitar neck making it unlikely your instrument will topple over. The stand can be used with or without the upper brace. On mine, the wheel that locks the upper brace in place is not as locking as I'd like it to be. Also, the &#34;feet&#34; don't spread as wide apart as I'd hoped. A few more inches would have been appreciated. All in all, a good but not &#34;perfect&#34; stand.
As stated it's a bit heavy which causes problems when used on a stand with a boom, but it's a decent product at a fair price.
Frankly, I'd never heard of a "pop filter" until my popping p's and b's came into consciousness at the same time that this device popped into my field of view on an Amazon web page.  I'll bet that a couple of layers of women's nylon stockings would be just as effective, but this contraption pretty much purges your elocution of the offensive phonemes (they're called "plosives").  I'm still hearing the "s" phonemes (sibilants) along with some guttural artifacts ("back" vowels prefaced by an "h" that ignite a momentary gargling effect), but this filter doesn't purport to be able to do anything about those buggers.As for the price, after seeing the gooseneck, the base, the generous-sized screws, etc., I'm prepared to say that  this one is fairly valued (I doubt that the Shure or Blue pop filters, at almost double the price, offer anything more than brand-name status).  The hardware and build-quality are about as solid and heavy-duty as you could wish for.  (I know I'll never be able to blow it away.)  Unfortunately, the clamp seems designed to fit on a mic stand rather than a computer screen, which is almost a half-inch too thick.
Not much to it, does what it should, holds a standard mic. Pivots in 1 direction only. Not the best build quality in the world (actually fairly thin plastic) but for $5 what else can you ask for? Should last a few months at least.
This is a great pedal to have in your setup, for those times you want a clean sound that will cut through the mix, yet will not just sound blaringly loud and undefined. I used a Boss compression pedal for many years, and the Dyna Comp was definitely a refreshing step in the right direction. It just sounds more organic, and less sterile than the Boss Pedal. I also think in this case, less is more, as far as the controls are concerned.
I don't know if its me, but i cant get any clean sound when this pedal is on, i use this for booster, really sounds good! use it too when i want to get feedback from my amp.also it comes with an anti slip sticker that you can put underneath the pedal.i recomend this one.
This stand is solid built, and for the price you cant beat it. The only minor problem I have it with it is that it begins to get a little wobbly once you start to bring it near it's max height.
I needed a couple of extra boom stands instead of a regular stand for a couple of my cymbalsand set these up and I am pretty happy with them.. They could have been a litte taller, howeverthere pretty good duty and do a good job for the money.  You could do better however you willpay quite a bit extra.  I would buy more if I needed them.
Durable, yet lightweight and sturdy. And, the price is right. Pacific hardware is excellent, right up there with Tama. I would buy this again.
Decent stand as long as you aren't abusing it. With any discount item, a few shortcuts were taken to keep the price in line. I don't plan on moving it so it works for me.
I needed a solid throne to replace my IKEA computer stool I've been saddled with for the past year. The stool is heavy, easy to assemble, and works as it should. I don't have any long term usage to report but I've seen reviews complaining the stool eventually loosens and will rotate which would be annoying if true. But at this fairly low price point you can't complain about much, and it's better than the real cheap thrones.
Well built.  The adjuster end is deeply notched so it can be set for a wide range of angles in about 8 or 9 degree increments.  (10 possible positions between upright and horizontal)  Best for setting up drum mics as it would hold position better than a gooseneck. I'm using it in a vocal mic application as it pushes the mic a tad further away from the  stand to give  me a bit more room.  But there is no counter-weight here so its best used at shallow angles.  If I was playing a thicker instrument like an acoustic guitar, or if on-stage energy has you moving a lot more, I would opt for a boom stand instead.
I'm quite happy with any of the "On Stage" brand stuff I have.  Like I said, this thing is solid, well built, good quality, and they thought of all the little features you need ... jamb nut at the top, little nylon tip on the thumb wheel so you don't scratch up your post ... just good stuff.
I was in a local music store the other day and noticed a huge stack of these cymbals, with a few examples mounted on stands to try. While they're not as rich as Zildjians or Paistes or other more expensive cymbals, they do have that trashy sound that you look for in a China. And at the asking price, who can resist?
This is a very good TS type pedal at a great price.  The ability to adjust treb and bass is nice.  The enclosure is metal, the knobs feel sturdy, and the switch has a durable feel.  This is an analog pedal an the only Digitech pedal I've ever contemplated keeping.  I ordered this pedal through Amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal.  If you don't have a TS type pedal this is a good, cheap choice. Personally, I didn't think it sounded any better (or worse) than my other TS type pedals (Behringer TO800,Joyo Vintage Overdrive,Deltalab TO-1,TS808 and TS7).  As I indicated, I have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol.  I opted instead for the Dano Cool Cat transparent overdrive and I am very happy.  If you don't have a TS type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a TS808, you may want to check this out first.
I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound.  The overdrive is quite good.  No, it can't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $48.00, it's an absurdly good buy.
This pedal is beyond loud. It's to the point where if you crank this pedal with a 15 watt amp with an 8&#34; speaker, you will get noise complaints from the end of your neighborhood. To match it up with the clean tone that I get out of my amp, I have to set the level in between 1 and 2.
I have a Boss OD which I realize now matches well with my little Vox tube amp, so I use this Bad Monkey pedal when I go direct for low level or headphone playing. Good price, good tone, pretty versatile, but I like the mid boost and harmonics I get from the Boss. The BM might work better with solid state.
They cancel out sound just like they say they do and are comfortable. I have to take my glasses off when I use them, but other than that exactly what I thought they'd be when I ordered them.
Price:Very reasonable price for what they do.Comfort:These stay on your head very well and are comfortable, I have not noticed ear irritation yet.Noise reduction:These are absolutely stellar at noise reduction. These block so much sound, you no longer have to blast your music to hear over your drums. They also don't distort out side sound. Some over ear headphones distort outside sound horribly.Sound quality:Crisp mid and high range. When it comes to the low end, these are lacking. And if you blast your music the low end distorts. But they block sound so well you don't have to blast them.Why not just buy in ear head phones, and over ear muffs?I have tried this many times due to not being able to find good head phones. It is very annoying, doesn't work very well, and looks pretty dumb too. These head phones are a much better solution.
I got these for noise reduction, barking dogs, loud trucks etc. They work well for that. The only drawback is that they fit very tight on my head. After a time the pinch is bit much. I have a small (7-1/4) hat size too. However, the price was great, and the sound is good. I'm no audiophile, but do play guitar, mando and dulcimer, and for me these phones deliver a good, well rounded sound.One other thing, these headphones are made for the studio, not for outdoor use.So, if you can deal with the pinch, I highly recommend these headphones for noise reduction and sound quality.
these do a good job of isolating out the sound.  They work very well.  Would recommend it to other people
I am a professional musician, keyboard player, and keyboard collector (mostly vintage poly analog, but also a ton of mono phonics, modulars, and built your own kit units (shrugging, ambik-) etc - not that that has a lot to do with a pedal, however, I do live the life of a person surrounded by keyboard instruments that I use to make my living.  have purchased every brand and style of pedal (for the purpose of this, we'll stick with sustain.).Compared to other units, it is heavier than most and I find the point where sustain engages to be just about right comparing electronic to acoustic.  It is just an on/off switch, so no half modeling here,The only reason I gave this unit 4 stars instead of 5 is because Yamaha decided not to include a polarity switch and alienate perhaps 20% of the market who will get home and , if they hadn't thought to check, may be stuck wi a pedal that sustains when not being used and stops sustaining when pressed.  A backward sustain pedal is not fun.  Many manufacturers include a simple polarity reverse  switch that would eliminate that potential headache.These days, most keyboards have the option to switch polarity internally either thru a global bemusement or by sensing whether the pedal is engaged at startup and adjusting accordingly (never press the sustain pedal while turning your keyboard on, you may very well cause an issue you don't expect and are confused by - turning on and off again without the pedal depressed will clear everything up in those cases.)So - build quality, excellent.  Durability - excellent (I've had a bunch of cheaper pedals - used on stage - break  at the switch point or at the jack), this Yamaha endures.  Design - some older pedals used to have a flip out rubber footrest that was supposed to make the pedal more secure- I don't see that much anymore, but, so long as you aren't on glossy hardwood, this will stay I place with no issue.I've read a few reviews that give this pedal a bad rating because of what appears to be a change in a global setting on a keyboard, or something similar,  All a sustain pedal consist of is a momentary contact switch, engaged when contact is made by depressing and completing the circuit, and disengaged when the pedal is released.  There are no electronics - so - if it doesn't work, there are three points to look at 1) unscrew the jack and be sure that the wires coming from the pedal are all  connected to the metal posts inside the housing. There are usually two wires of differing color.  if one is disconnected, the pedal will cease to function (and, in rare instances, cause the keyboard to sustain all notes indefinitely.  This is easily corrected with a soldering iron and a bit if solder - jacks are points of strain so it isn't inconceivable that a wire could come disconnected. 2) The switch itself it either out if adjustment or is damaged.  The switches in the Yamaha pedals are of good quality and unless you received a faulty part, would be unlikely to wear out with normal use. I have, however, needed to take the pedal apart and made an adjustment.  this was easy and a quick fix, even with limited tools.  The third option is 3) the keyboard has had a change in a global setting causing the pedal t operate in reverse.  This can be corrected by consulting your owners manual and reading whether your keyboard has a software polarity &#34;switch&#34;, if it senses on startup, or if you pedal simply stopped working altogether - doing nothing At all - it is #1 or 2 or a problem with the jack on the keyboard (HIGHLY unlikely,,but I've seen it happen.). Hopefully this helps some who have posted questions.To conclude - a nice pedal for the money, much better build than the m-audio (decent, just not as nice as the Yamaha - certainly not a bad unit)/on stage (if they can't get most of their mic stands right, I don't trust them with even basic electronics...) or generics.
This was my first guitar.  I've had it for about 5 or 6 years now.  My wife bought it at a local "center" from the recommendation of one of the teachers.  I taught myself to play on this.  First the good:  This instrument is a good beginner piece. It has a nice full sound and does not take steel fingers to make acceptable sounds.  The tone is very rich and will having even simple chords sounding great.  The fit and finish of the piece is amazing for the price. It looks great and had no rough or unfinished areas.  The frets are smooth and finished and the fingerboard feels good.  Tuning is a breeze and this will hold tune very well.  Often only a tweak or 2 before a practice session is all that is needed.  I have never had it go out of tune while playing (even when stringbending!)  As you get better the true beauty of this guitar starts to shine.  It is amazingly playable.  From simple melodies to serious chord jams this instrument handles it all!  The only real compliant I had (and the reason for the 4 stars) is the stock strings aren't the best (IMHO) for a beginner.  I'm pretty sure they use heavy strings as stock and sure they produce a nice deep rich sound, and WON'T break, they are BRUTAL on new fingers!  I would invest in a lighter set and switch them out pretty early on.  The only other minor quibble is the bridge seems a bit light duty and their is a tendency to get some string slap on the lower strings.  All in all this is a great deal for the beginner- or even advanced players that just want an extra guitar around to jam on when they don't feel like dragging out the expensive units (like playing around a campfire, or outdoors)  If your a beginner just starting out- this is a great route to go as the guitar will continue to give great sounds as you advance!
When I was looking for a Bass Case I just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. This fits the bill perfectly. It's not really a case that is meant for heavy travel (like checking it a the airport) but it definitely will take good care of your bass during normal travel. And the internal compartment is really nice for storing straps, cables, strings, etc. For the price this is an excellent case.
These are by no means touring cases. They're inexpensively made, which is a good thing because I hate to pay for a case that cost half of what the guitar cost and I don't tour. That said, they do a great job at protecting guitars that aren't out on a stand. I've got about a dozen guitars and when they're not gonna be played anytime soon I want to put them away in something more substantial than a gig bag. These do very nicely for that purpose. They are certainly more than capable of taking an instrument to a gig, but I wouldn't put a pricey guitar into this case if I new baggage handlers or shipping gorillas were going to be handling it. So, I recommend them, but be aware of its limitations.
It works well as a standard clutch, as a drop clutch its very iffy.  the top part spins around when you hit the lever so you have to grab it and move it back so you can hit it again.
Honestly it took a few adjustments to get it right, but now it works great.The black handle is a quick release to be used with a drum stick while playing. After a few tries I got it a good angle so it can be hit while being played.Height adjustment was also important. If the latch is to high, it will not grab the hi hat and bring it back up. Too low and it does not sound right.This replaced horrible Pulse Hi Hat hardware that shook loose every few songs, so I am completely pleased with it.definitely worth $13.00
good product  great price  works well so far  bought 2 for the price of one of the others  free ship  one for the road  one for pratice
My 8th graders are literally beating the crap out of these sticks. They are good and reasonably priced.  The principal is mad at me because I told them that a real drummer plays constantly, so the walls in the halls, cafeteria tables, and classroom desks are getting pounded constantly.
sad right?i do play instruments (guitar & piano) some drums but it's not why i bought these drum sticks.My old roommmate stole my drum sticks so this was the next cheapest thingthey play well on the pads.i'm sure they'd have nice action off a snare drum and high hat in real life...
I have always liked these sticks. They are solid, look good and feel good. You will always get quality from vic firth. Only downer is they seem to break faster then some sticks such as Vaders.
The build quality could be better - ideally the nut needs to be replaced (the cut is a rush job) and the neck needs to be reset (there's a gap that indicates that the pocket wasn't completely cleaned out when it was put on) - but what do you expect for this price. It is however a playable instrument right out of the box and if you're willing to invest another $50 or so it can be a great starter guitar for a.young (smaller) player or a.nice travel instrument.
I very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews.  She's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar.  It was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging.  The only thing I have found so far that sort of disappointed me was that there were some dark stain blemishes on the white pick guard. Trying to get the stains off with a damp paper towel didn't work so I took a special soft, damp sponge made to remove stains and gently rubbed it over the spots.  They came off but the finish on the plastic pick guard is dulled where I had rubbed the stains off.  That sort of irked me.  However, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me.Despite the blemish episode, it fits her perfectly.  I tried to tune it using a clamp-on Snark tuner.  That didn't work at all for some reason so we went to Guitar Center and bought an electric guitar tuner which you plug the cord into from the guitar.  That really worked well to tune the guitar.  The tuning pegs (gears) were stiff and a bit hard to turn.  When I change the strings I will adjust them to make them easier to turn.  The strings the guitar comes with are very cheap so I'll need to change those out soon for a much better set, but they'll have to do for now.I plugged the guitar to my old Crate amp and it sounded pretty good.  The knobs on the front of the guitar turn well an did what they are supposed to do.  It's easy to control the tone and volume from the guitar without having to dicker much with the amp.  My daughter had a great time getting used to it.  She's a great classical guitarist (I teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her.  My old Strat is just too big and heavy for her and this black one looks good (despite the dullness that only I can see) on her and she was awesome playing jazz guitar in her school concert the other night.  Since this guitar is so inexpensive and is just right for a smaller person, I really can't find anything major wrong to say about it.  I'm glad I bought it, just wish it didn't come with the stains.  It feels solid, well-constructed, and not very heavy.  I like playing it too!I've ordered a really good gig bag, new cord, a Pignose amp just for her and of course, a bunch of new electric guitar strings.  She'll find the small stuff in her stocking this Christmas!  I can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!!
Thank you Fender for a really fun instrument that fits my size...and thanks to all of you that recommended it for just that reason : )
I wanted a 12 string, but did not want to spend a lot of money, this guitar fits the bill. The finish is much darker then the pictures online show. GREAT SOUND from this bad boy. This is a BIG GUITAR, once I figured out how to tune the 12 string, it really DOES NOT GO OUT OF TUNE.. After I few hours of play, I retune it and its marginally out of tune, I thought at this price the tuners would be of poor quality, while they are not grover tuners, they get it done.The downside for me is, not the guitar's fault.. this is an inexpensive guitar and a FANTASTIC entry into 12 string playing, this Guitar is hard to play below the 15th fret as there is no cut away, but that is true of all guitars using this body type. Now that I have had it awhile I would love for it to be acoustic/electric but again.. for the price, I was expecting an inferior guitar this tool plays great low action. Im keeping it.
I knew I did right by buying the DR-212. It's great and stands up to much more expensive of it's kind.I have lots of Gibsons as well as Epiphones and frankly I don't see any difference to speak of. If anybody wants a durable acoustic 12 string with fine sound you'll find it in the DR-212.Best of Luck to allRegards,Roger  Epiphone DR-212 Acoustic Guitar, 12-String, Natural
its cheap and the quality its great cant complain. i will be buying more of this in the future for other guitars.
Easy to mount, solid grip on guitar. Only detractor would be that, with my guitar at least, it hangs kind of far from the wall. This obviously is a factor of what you hang from it though. An acoustic would clear the wall nicely, my solid body electric sits a few inches away from the wall.Silicone coating on forks and retaining bands get a good grip on the guitar, without marring even soft wood.I very much prefer this to having it on one of the 'accident waiting to happen' stands on the floor.
it is a good purchase.  I expected a bit more heftiness but it does the job.  I would like the plate to be heavier, seems a little flexy
This has the largest top of any of my stands, and it is the one I use when traveling / gigs. The top doesn't fold like some of the more expensive Stagg  Hercules stands, so if you're using it for gigging, that may be something to consider. I have to lug an 88key weighted piano around, so don't mind lugging this.
I left my trusty Manhasset behind on a job and was about to replace it when I came upon this alternative offered by Amazon.  As banged up as a Manhasset can get from week-end warriors like me who simply throw it on top of everything else in the backseat before the long ride home, I've never had one fail on me over the past 40+ years.  There's nothing on the stand that the user can even adjust, yet all of the moving parts always seem to retain just the right amount of tension, preventing 5-10 pound folders from lowering the top half or causing it to dip forward.  But the "rub" is their non-adaptability.  The feet on the base are permanently attached as is the upper tray holding the music.  Consequently, these ubiquitous, well-proven stands can sometimes be a challenge to pack in a crowded van or sedan, especially with a couple of keyboards, amps, instrument stands, and other requisite gear on board.This is where Amazon's On-Stage Music Stand becomes attractive (of course, it doesn't hurt that it costs less than a Manhasset).  It permits you to fold up the legs to a position parallel with the shaft as well as to completely remove the upper shelf that holds the music.  Consequently, it's much easier to find a convenient place--whether in the trunk or on the floor of the back seat--for packing the stand.  Simply "slide" it into position.The drawback--apart from durability issues that some reviewers have warned about (be careful not to over-tighten those set-screws!)--is that this thing is heavy.  Frankly, I was expecting a lightweight stand, at least compared to my old Manhasset, but if you've owned or been around the latter, the first thing you're likely to notice with the stand pictured here is a palpable, substantial addition in weight. At the same time, with the moving parts and the set screws (topped by plastic, rotating, serrated wheels), the On-Stage stand doesn't give me the same amount of confidence in its durability as did the Manhasset--in other words, I'm very less likely to become careless with it and simply toss it on top of the gear-pile after a long, exhausting 4-hour gig.Bottom line: the On-Stage appears to be a good value--a truly heavy-duty stand (in most respects) that'll do extremely well as a practice stand in a studio or living room and that packs up conveniently for traveling jobs.  But don't expect it to lighten your load or, simply because it's heavier, to last longer than a Manhasset.If you do a lot of traveling and don't plan to put one of those 1000-page piano folders on the stand, there's at least one truly lightweight (albeit plastic) stand that's worked out really well for me (perhaps needless to say, some haven't--they fall apart or they're so ingeniously designed that it takes 15 minutes simply to disassemble them and put them back in their unforgiving, pint-sized cases).  But the Peak stand is made to hold up (in turn, it holds up relatively heavy music books) and has served me well for several years (just as I was about to condemn the stand, I called the company, they responded immediately by sending out a critical plastic piece that had become warped, and the Peak stand has been problem-free ever since).  It'll cost you a bit more, but not as much as some folks are willing to spend in exchange for losing a few unwanted pounds.
These strings are okay, but nothing special except for the price, which is a factor when changing twice a week. I don't play enough to need changes that often anymore.So I've become more particular about trying to match the string to the guitar. This doesn't mean that these strings are bad, it just means I might prefer Brand X Pure Nickel on one guitar because they're darker and Brand Y Steels on another because they're brighter and Brand Z on yet another.So give these a try and if you prefer them it will be best to check on price by the case of this or any string that you prefer because they should be changed twice a month at least, if you want your instrument in top shape. A bad guitar can make a great artist sound only good.
Keeping in mind the difference types of guitars and pickups, these D'Addario strings are good strings for all around use. They are suitable for rock, punk, country, and funk. Sure, you could spend more on "boutique" specialty strings to give you that exact "vintage" sound, but these strings are just fine whether you play in the bedroom, garage or club.I like the light guage .010's because they are easy on the fingers, but are still beefy sounding compared to thin sounding .009's and .008's.
I bought these strings to try on my guitars. They sound good on a variety of models, like SG,Les Paul, Rickenbacker. They have a melodic tone and good intonation, and they seem to be lasting and staying in good shape.
Obviously these aren't top of the line strings but I used them to record a track in drop C and it sounded awesome. After about a week they started losing tone and started collecting skin.D'addario is awesome if you keep in mind that they're on the cheaper side.
I absolutely love using these strings (10-46) on my Telecaster and Stratocaster. They just lend to that awesome Vintage tone and seepage that people like me go nuts over. If you're looking for a replacement set of strings, you simply cannot go wrong with the EXL sets here on Amazon.
What can you say about the best of the best.  I wouldn't use anything else on my guitar to get the best tonal quality from it.  These strings seem to last longer than the others I've used.  I highly recommend them.
Hold a tune very well, and sound good. The seem to have a bit less tension than other brands strings of the same gauge, but thats ok.If you dont wipe them off after playing, they wont last long. But I always do, and I change strings often, so that isnt an issue for me.Overall, some of the best strings available.
My son has been a guitarist for seven years and loves these strings. Not a single one has broken since he started using these three weeks ago. These strings tend to repel the dirt and dust even with heavy play the strings look very good. He has been getting less callous on his fingers. The tone produced by these stings is very good especially considering the low price. My son has a very heavy hand but these strings are well made and withstand play from any style.
The gauges are identical to Ernie Ball Regulars (yellow label) but the D'Addario's string tension feels stiffer, which is nice for slide playing. I like my action medium-low, comfortable for straight playing and bending, solid intonation for chords, yet not too much fret rattle for slide.I usually stretch the heck out of Ernie Ball's after putting them on because they have so much spring in them. I deliberately left the D'Addarios unstretched overnight and found they settled in nicely without much stretching at all. Their new sound is quite bright as advertised, but has far less of what I call `new string jangle', which is fine by me. As a kid, I'd sweat that off in an hour but these days, playing a number of instruments, it can last awhile.There's a string tension chart, handy for designing a custom set and each pack has a serial number.  I'll admit I'd never considered the possibility guitar strings were worthwhile targets for counterfeiting, but apparently that's the case and D'Addario provides a web site lookup to verify your set. If you do come across fakes, if you're willing to report it, they'll provide you with a genuine replacement for free.I've used D'Addario phosphor-bronze acoustic strings on guitars and mandolins for over 25 years and swear by their quality and consistency. I've used Ernie Ball's on electrics for even longer. Habits can be tough to break but, as my playing has broadened out from my rock roots, I find it interesting to experiment with different gauges and windings. Finally nailing a sound and feel you've been chasing after for years makes it all worth it.
Been using these for years.  I like the Regular Slinkies, too, but it seems these tend to last longer.  Or, it could just be in my head.  Either way, I am happy with them.
These bright sounding strings are easy to play, hold up well and rarely break.  One of my favorite strings for my Les Paul.  I tend to go with Ernie Ball Super Slinky's on my Strat, but these would probably sound nice on a Strat as well.
I didn't give 5 stars just because I know there are better strings out there, but these strings are a great value and wouldn't hesitate to buy them again. In fact, I have already bought them several times. One little thing I appreciate about these strings is the different colored ends that makes them easy to identify.
For a good, basic set of regular light gauge electric guitar strings, it's difficult to go wrong with D'Addario's EXL110s.  The range of thicknesses generally works well, and D'Addarios tend to be pretty consistent.  Some other brands may offer special features that go beyond what you get with the EXL110s (e.g. coating, super brightness, and so on), and some players prefer a slightly heavier or slightly lighter gauge string (e.g. sets that start with 9s or 11s), but for most purposes these work great, hold their tuning well, and seem to last pretty well, too.
The D'Addario sets are good stuff. I got turned onto them about a decade ago by a coworker. The color coded ends are great whether you are new at changing strings or just want it more automated if you are an old veteran. With stretching, they stay in tune fine. The unknown truth about non-nylon strings (and maybe even them, too) is that there are only a handful of string makers, and D'Addario actually makes them for other companies (Gore uses them for their Elixir series, and just adds the polyweb coating). I also use the GHS standard .010 sets, and they are good too. My faves are the Ernie Ball sets, but they rarely go on sale. I don't remember who makes what strings for what companies, though. With offshore production a standard thing now, it's no telling where they actually come from anyways. I DOUBT that GFS strings are domestic production, for instance.
These strings are good. Nice tone, last a decent amount of time, and they're cheap. Color coded ball-ends make it easy to string without having to pay much attention. I use these on all my electric guitars now, where before I used Dean Markley 11-52 (mostly Les Paul scale) - I moved to these when I got a strat-scale guitar. I don't remember why I picked these, other than they are cheap and readily available everywhere, where Dean Markley can be hit or miss.
To be clear: I am quite the newbie guitar player.After i managed to break a string on my electric guitar, i decided to try and tackle replacing the strings myself, as most guitarists do. Things went alright, but on trying to tune the thinnest string, it broke. I just figured it was something I did, and wasn't the products fault, so i grabbed another string from another pack and that one went on fine. Overall, i've played quite abit with these strings, and have yet to break another one. Pretty good sound quality, and i like the idea that they pack the strings in a moisture-resistant package to prevent corrosion.
These have good tone, but I can't see much of a difference over other brands at the same price point. I initially experienced buzzing after the string change with these but I needed to adjust the truss rod. Came in a timely manner from Sam Ash. Thanks!
I bought these strings at a local shop for a Fender Telecaster on reccomendation from the guitar tech. These work well with the Telecaster tone and string through design. I like the tones I get from these and the price is very good. I do know that Ibanez uses XL's with all of their new guitars and I have used these srtrings with an older strat and they last a long time and stay in tune without issue mostly due to their basic fundamental design.I am not loyal to any string company, but I find that different companies work well on different guitars. I am a big DR string user with my other guitars which require thicker strings, so using 9 guage is new to me.Originally, I went to the shop for some EB super Slinky's after snapping the high E string which were sold out and went with these and could not be happier. I may buy the same strings next time, but I see Telecaster players using GHS Boomers in 9's, so that is also an option for the future.
Daddy's never let you down. I like their longevity too. I don't switch til one cuts, so they last as cheap as I actually am.
Fits very well on my les Paul 100
I replaced the factory strings on myDean Playmate Avalanche Junior Solid Body Electric Guitar, Metallic Silver, 3/4 Sizeand what a difference in sound.  These strings seriously rock.  I also use D'Addario strings on my ukulele and I've had great luck with those. They withstand a lot of play and I don't have to replace them often. The best part is, the sound is so much brighter and louder.  Definitely recommended.
I have been a faithful user of D'Addario strings since a well meaning obsession-starter recommended them to me at a local music store.  Compared to other brands of nickel strings that I've used, these ones just feel "cleaner" than the others. They have a clearer sound, and seem to hold their tune better than most.If you're looking for acoustic strings, you can't beat the phosphorus bronze for warmth and clarity.  But if you're looking for electrics that are reasonably priced and sound clean, look no further.
Great strings at a great price.  These strings have a nice sound to them and they aren't the flimsy little strings you normally get for you guitar.  Nice sound for a nice price...
This was a good purchase.  My son has discovered guitars and music and when he needed strings, Amazon was his go-to place to buy them.  He found exactly what his guitar needed and at a good price.  He's very happy with this purchase.
I have an Epiphone Dot and I installed a Bigsby V5 on it.  I could not find a gig bag for semi hollow body guitar so settled on this one due to the price.  And a previous reviewer said his Dot with Bigsby fits.  Well it fits, but just barely.  The guitar fits snugly in the plush lined case.  I have to turn the arm of the Bigsby around, facing down, to close the case.  I think the case probably pushes the arm down a little bit even in this position.  I probably wouldn't store my guitar in this case for long periods cuz I'd worry about tension on the strings.  Otherwise I like it.
The shell and the lining of the case are perfect: hard on the outside, and soft on the inside.I opened up the box and my Epiphone Dot slid right in.The only thing that worries me is that the hinges feel a little cheap, and the lock cold be beat with a bic pen.I'm not traveling around with my guitar too much, so that's not a problem for me, but I would worry a bit if I were checking it on an airline.Otherwise, it works perfectly for what I bought it for - protecting it in my mancave / basement from dings and scratches.
As a lot of Epiphone owners have learned, cases designed for the Gibson ES-335 clones won't fit Epiphone guitars, as the Epiphones have a slightly larger headstock. This case, however, fits my Dot Custom like a glove. The padding is perfect, the top is arched to precisely fit the guitar, and the build quality is better than you might expect at this price level.
It's survived my clumsiness and I can load it with 4 pounds of guitar books without it breaking a sweat.
Made in the U.S.A. was a great thing to see. Nothing but Chinese CRAP for sale anymore.(I'm looking at YOU N.A.F.T.A.) Sadly, not as nice as the ones I remember from high school band class.Plastic attachment clutch and EXTREMELY thin gauge metal. Who knows what REAL QUALITY would cost these days?Still, I do feel good knowing that an English speaking, tax paying U.S. citizen got to meet his house payment making these.GOD Bless the U.S.A.
$49 for a $199 microphone at Amazon? May not be the best mic out there but for home studios, this one marks the spot. Get it if you're on a budget.
Everyone has there opinions. I was told these were great strings by some and others tell me the quality control has slipped after the passing of John. What I can say is the strings go on really brassy bright for a few days. They slowly mellow out and seem to last a long time. Sound really nice on my Taylor 410CE.
I usually use Martin SP's, but I decided to give these a try. I'm pleased with them, but I would not rank them above the SP's. I did a little recording with them and I have to admit, they sounded a little brittle.
I have a few Planet Waves products and I can safely recommend them.  This is no different, it works, I have no issues with the product, if you are looking for a peg winder,  or any accessory, I'd recommend you look at Planet Waves among your research in brands.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
A big help on the workbench when working on either guitar or bass.  Seems sturdy enough.  I side on safety so I use a soft cloth for extra protection, but this item does what it was designed to and should last a long time.
This gets the job done but because it is lighter you do a bit of &#34;chasing&#34; the guitar around.. All in all gets the job
You know, if you do guitar work, you need a neck stand. Some sheets+stand units cost $50. This was what I needed and it was cheap. So far so good.
I do all my own guitar maintenance, which means that my guitars have to lie on the bench with the neck elevated for me to change strings, etc.  I had been using a roll of paper towels for that purpose, but the cardboard tube inside would flatten and cause the headstock to hit the bench.  So, looking around on Amazon, I found this handy little device.  It's small, works well, and fairly inexpensive.  My only quibble is that it could be a little bit more robust.  Perhaps if it were made of metal covered in soft plastic instead of the all-plastic construction.  But don't get me wrong, it's still pretty strong... just don't put too much weight on it while using it.
This little geegaw is a stable tripod stand to hold the neck of your guitar while you restring it or perform other work. It folds into a nice small package you can store in the gear compartment of most cases. The rubber pads on the neck end prevent scratches and the feet keep it in place on the table. It may be best to invest in a non slip pad to place under the heel of the guitar body for protection and to prevent it from slipping around as movement can topple the stand if you're not careful. Sure, a suitably sized cardboard box or stack of books will also serve that purpose, but what else would you spend the $10 on?
This pick is so good to play electric guitar! It is heavy and small, what gave us attack. Make the sound clean and bright.
I always use the 1.00mm for guitar, had to test them with bass strings... they turn out to be great!
I bought this specifically for a GT-100. It fits, snuggly, almost like it was designed for it. There is enough room in the front pocket for the power supply, input and output cables and maybe a little more. I was also able to put a 3/4&#34; binder in on top of the GT-100 which sort of protects the screens and knobs a bit more, and provides a place for the stupid lead sheet binder than never fits in my other cases.This bag is a good size as just an accessory bag to carry along with a guitar and a combo amp if you have a couple pedals and cables, or some odds and ends you want to bring along.Pros--------Looks like the same basic quality as my other gator bags-GT-100 Fits like a snug glove (with just a little use it will be perfect)-Front pocket- Reasonable priceCons-------- They cost reduced their logo from a thread stiched logo to a cheap vinyl like silk screen or iron on patch. (unlike product photo) and it doesn't match all my other gator bags. Not a big deal, but worth mention.- Other similar gator bags I own have a wrap around padded handle that velcros the two handles together once the bag is closed. This does not.Overall good product, but would have liked that other padded wrap around handle and the &#34;non cost reduced&#34; logo.
A snug fit for the POD HD 500. Knocked one star off because the weight distribution is a little awkward when using the strap on my shoulder.
Works great for my acoustic dreadnought.If I had any complaint it would be that there's nothing to prevent the lower part of the guitar from banging against the wall. It would be nice if they had an option for something that could hang down off the hanger - a little cushion - that would go between the wall and the guitar. No reason I can't make something like that on my own, though.Edit - 9/24/2013 - Just got my first classical guitar and realized that the wider neck won't fit into this hanger. Nothing worth complaining about, but just something to note - if you need a hanger for a classical guitar, this isn't it.
Wall hangers are good space-saving ideas, but I'm one of those who thinks they can stress necks, depending on the body/neck weight distribution and balance. I made my own hanging bases - just a carved slab of wood, really - to support the instrument from the bottom. The top hanger now just serves as a rest, but depending on the guitar's balance I'd recommend a heavy rubber band or something to stretch across the prongs if there's any tendency for the guitar to tilt forward.
I have two of these.  They hold a variety of guitars just fine.Since the blocks are square, make sure you get them aligned with a wall or ceiling so they don't look crooked.  They seem to come from a variety of wood - mine are not a matched set even though I ordered two of the same part.  They have different wood grains.
Holds ~8-10 picks depending on thickness. I stick it on top of my amp so ive always got a pick close by.
It only holds 5 heavy picks but to be fair there has to be a spring in there so its ok.  The tapered design might be to make picks eject easier?  I never owned one of these so have nothing to compare to.  Except.  I did get those wedgie pick holders and those are definitely the way to go for picks on guitars.  These are good don't get me wrong.
This Dunlop "Ergo Pickholder" is so convenient for storing picks directly on the guitar. This is a great way to always have picks handy, especially if you drop one while playing. Here are my observations:+ Small Size; is fairly unobtrusive when mounted to the guitar+ Easy to Attach; just peel of the paper backing and stick it where needed+ Good Capacity; easily holds 6 picksMy only note of caution is that if you overload this and then fumble pulling out a pick, you are likely to get more then one dispensed in your hand. Try it once or twice and it is easy to avoid.RecommendedCFH
I purchased this pickholder for my son who has a nasty habit of leaving things in places they don't belong.  The holder keeps his picks in a place he is sure to find.  Best purchase I have made.
Very nice, smooth, no sharp edges, not much bigger than the picks it's holding (it holds about 10 of my favorite thin Mel Bay picks) ... the only issue is, the spring clip that pushes the picks to the top, is a little too strong, and was warping my thin picks, but I just put one very stiff pick at the bottom of the pile, and it's fine.
Nice little device.  We'll see how long it lasts (a cheap little plastic thing really) but so far it does the job and holds about 6 or so medium picks easily without issue.  I use it with the medium dunlop picks.  Glad I got it.
The pick holder work as described. I have not used the adhesive to attach the pick holder to my guitar yet but it stays attached to the head piece by sliding it between strings from the tuning pegs on the head piece. It is only sized for a standard size guitar pick so if you use small picks or large picks it will not hold your pick. It works well for standard guitar picks and will hold 5 or 6 picks if you like different thickness picks you can have a variety of picks that will store on the guitar or other pick instrument.
This is fine as a general stick-on inexpensive pick holder. It doesn't hold very many picks, but it really doesn't have to. I would give this five stars except that I really prefer the Planet Waves LED key chain/pick holder over this. It costs more but has more functional value to me. If all you need is something very simple, and you have a surface you can stick it on, then this is fine.
Designed to accommodate most "standard" shaped guitar picks, this Dunlop pick holder is handy little spring loaded device, for storing picks.  You can mix brands and types, but how many picks can fit inside, will vary from around three, to perhaps a dozen.  As a guide, about 10 Dunlop 0.60mm nylon picks will fit, but only 4 Dunlop 1.50mm Delrin picks.  Even thick irregular picks like the Dunlop 3.0 Big Stubby will fit, however the total number will be greatly reduced.Build quality is good, but forcing too many picks inside, could cause the spring to fail, or the seam to split.  A piece of double stick tape, shaped to match the pick holder, is included.  The tape does a barely passable job of hold the device in place.  I stuck mine on the backside of the headstock of my guitar, and while it stays in place, it's pretty wobbly.Color options at this time seem to be limited to black, but if you have DIY skills, you could paint it whatever color you like.  This is a decent buy, below the two dollar level.  I prefer this model over theDunlop 5505 pick holder, because it seems to be sturdier, and I like the more rounded appearance.