Not much to write about here, but it does exactly what it's supposed to. filters out the pop sounds. now my recordings are much more crisp. it is one of the lowest prices pop filters on amazon so might as well buy it, they honestly work the same despite their pricing,
The product does exactly as it should and is quite affordable.I did not realized it was double screened until it arrived, so it was even better than I had expected.As an added bonus, one of the screens carries a small hint of the smell of an old grape candy I used to buy, so for reminiscent's sake, I cannot stop putting the pop filter next to my nose and smelling it after recording. :DIf you needed a pop filter, this will work just as well as the expensive ones, and it may even come with a pleasing aroma like mine did!Buy this product! :]
The primary job of this device is to block the breath that would otherwise produce a popping sound, while allowing your voice to pass through with no noticeable reduction of volume or high frequencies. The double cloth filter blocks the pops and lets the voice through with no coloration. The metal clamp mount attaches to the mike stand secure enough to keep it attached. The goose neck needs a little coaxing to stay where you put it.
Nice windscreen protects my MXL mic and prevents pops. Only thing is that the gooseneck is only marginally able to hold the screen in position and requires careful positioning of the clamp to avoid sagging.
This pop filter is great. It looks and performs like a studio filter. If you're recording vocals this will eliminate the pops that gets recorded when you sing.
So good that I bought another one.  Love the heavy cord and gold connectors.  Bass sounds great.  I just learned last night how to coil them up.  I guess I should read instructions more carefully.  But no harm done, still works great!
I have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. The lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. Simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.
Perfect for my Epiphone Sheraton II.  Monster cables are well constructed.  I have several and never had any problems with any of them over the years.  Got this one because I wanted the 90 degree plug.
Monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. This isnt their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. You cant go wrong with Monster Cables.
Monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. I initially purchased a pair ofMonster Rock Instrument Cable - 21 Feet - Angled to Straight 1/4-Inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar I thought I'd pinch a few pennies.  I am so glad I did.I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.Bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. You may find, as I did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.
I love it, I used this for my Yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, I would recommend it to anyone
I bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. It does just what I wanted it to do.
wanted it just on looks alone...It is a nice looking cord... I know it will perform...as for Sam Ash ...this cord was packed in a mailer inside another box with my Roc n Soc... his shipping team do great work..never any complaints from me... I love Sam Ash.. thanks Amazon
I've been using these cables for more than 4 months and they are holding up pretty well.  For years I used seemingly indestructable guitar cables that were made for me by an electrician friend.  When they finally gave out, I got in the habit of using the no-name cables that are always on display near the register at Guitar Center- really more of an impulse buy than something I put any thought into.  After the third or fourth Guitar Center cable failed from light use I decided to try these cables.  Not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better.  I am not terribly hard on my gear but my cables tend to get twisted as I move around and the cheaper ones  eventually fail mid-cable.  I don't mind spending a few extra dollars if the cable is a little more durable.  This cable is actually cheaper- $12 or so shipped- and it's holding up pretty well.  These are actually very reasonably priced for 18' cables.  There is some kind of limited life warantee on this product but I haven't needed it.  Five stars for a nicely made 18 foot guitar cable that costs $12 shipped!Incidentally- these cables are shielded and are meant to connect your instrument to your amp's input.  Do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab.  You want to use unshielded cables for that purpose.Edit-  More than 6 months has passed and this cable is functioning without any issues.  The price on these things has gone up significantly and although the cable is highly recommended, there are probably better values from Hosa, Monster or Planet Waves-
Fender cords look great and work just as well. By adding the word California to the description I'm sure to sound like the Beach Boys...
The Fender 18 Feet California Clear Instrument Cable - Lake Placid Blue  is a very good extra cord for a good price.
Got this cable to run a rockband keyboard controller to my M-audio profire 2626 to control midi in Pro Tools. Works great! Firm fit, solidly molded ends, reputable branded cable.(a bit on the thin side, but i haven't seen to have any issue due to this or anything. Couldn't go wrong for $5 at the time of my purchase and prime eligibility.
When I was searching for MIDI cables for my ART X-15 foot controller, I came across these Hosa ones, and they were $2 dollars each! As they are now $6, I realize I would still be happy with that price as well, as they are high quality plastic and metal connectors, and work flawlessly. You must realize that they are only 5 feet, as I overestimated it and now wish they were longer. For any connection from racked sound modules, this will be perfect.
The ends of the midi cable look and feel like quality. Connection is secure, no worries about uneven connections, it also detaches without a hitch. Highly recommended.
Just trying to find a midi to midi was a task, and you have to make sure the pin config is correct.  This one is a good product and works just fine
I bought these to go from my board to the amp. We use them for a mobile church so they take a beating. They are still going strong.
Sturdy cord and plugs, inexpensive, good value. I don't require professional-level equipment, so this cord serves my purposes well. Satisfied with purchase.
Use it every week at gigs.  Solid, no problems with the solder joints.  A good quality cable at a very good price.
This was exactly what I was after. I have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. Before I used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. I highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.
I bought these because I really had too long of mike cords for my solo live show. And these are really nice cords if you have a home portastudio recording studio like myself. Who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place? I bought two because I use a Digitech Live 2 Harmony processor and two XLR mike cords are required to make it operational. Good price here too. Hard to find just 10' mike cords. Usually longer ones are only obtainable.
I've used a lot of cables and I always come back to HOSA, they are indeed some of the best audio cables in their price range on the market.
Nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends.  Should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what I needed to connect my tube preamp.
Good quality cable and sounds very good
Zero issues with this cable so far.  It feels fairly cheap and light weight but it has survived for months of plugging in, unplugging, and packing between practice spaces.I'll update this review if/when it breaks.
Realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar.I have had it for a few months and so far it has held up pretty well
I bought this because I wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. I'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. It's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price.
Seems sturdy enough, and no noise issues, so I'm pretty much satified with it; it doesn't leave the house so I'm not asking it to handle a lot, but with reasonable care it should last a while.
I'm not a professional, but have been playing for many, many years.  This is the best cord I've ever had, though I'm sure Eric Clapton has something better.
This Hosa Cable is very well made, with good quality connectors and a nice long length. My son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. This 25' cable gives him flexibility to move around and it is sturdy enough that it can take being stepped on and pulled around.The cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable.Highly Recommended!CFH
Bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. It seems to work well, no issues in the first couple of weeks.
I have found Hosa cables to be an excellent value. More expensive cables may be more rugged, but for the price, I'm very happy with the Hosa's I have purchased.
This is good cable. Excellent 1/4&#34; plugs. The lugs and solder joints are covered with heat shrink material, which will hold everything in place for years. Grade A+ cable at a very affordable price. Definitely  going back for more. The 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft.
Pretty crappy cable. It works and gets the job done, but after purchasing this product and using it, I will shell out the extra bucks for better quality.
I use this cord in my church to run from my pedalboard to my amp (which is in a soundproof box). The cord is reliable and clean sounding. I like it and have used HOSA products in the past with confidence. Excellent cord. Hopefully this review will be usefull to you.
These cables have taken a beating the last few months, and have served me well with no problems..Real metal ends, not molded on, with high quality silicone jackets and strain reliefs at the connectors..
In my opinion it does not hurt to have extra guitar cables around. From experience they tend to just die without notice. I have a feeling this one will last a long time. It is built sturdy and sounds really good.I recommend this product.
Hosa guitar cables work great. Never had any problems with them. I own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.
This product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price.  I have absolutely no complaints.  This is my first experience with the brand and I am not disappointed.
Good quality guitar cord.Very low noise, repairable, effective strain releaf,thick rubber cover!! This is a great buy, under 10 bucks for a quality cord.Of course I just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable.If I change my mind about anything I will update my review.For now, I would say, buy one!!Joe
This is a good solid cable with no problems. When I'm on stage, I like a longer cable but at practice I don't need all the extra length tangleing up on everything...
This guitar cable is very nice.  It looks high quality and has the white ends.  Fantastic deal for this cable.
This item is well built and I like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. These aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well.
This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price
Hosa Cable GTR210 Guitar Instrument Cable - 10ft. is a High quality Instrument Cable, but low cost, won't break the bank. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
This is your basic, black electric guitar cable but it works great.  So far the connections at both ends are solid and the sound from the amp is great!  Nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough.  If problems arise later with this cable, I will update this review, but as of now there has been no problems whatsoever with this cable.
I never really considered a cheaper cable, I was always taught to get the best I could afford. When this showed up in a cable search on amazon, I jumped on it. I figured I had nothing to lose.To my surprise, this is an excellent cable, with good build quality and a strong, thick jacket that inspires confidence. The sound through it is identical to my Monster cables, and it cost one quarter the price....hmmmm, guess I should have tried to figure this out myself instead of listening to &#34;snobs&#34; for so many years. I will never do that again.This is worth the money twice over, try it out for yourself and kiss overpriced cables goodbye!
Hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. I've trusted them for years, I can't think if a single Hosa cable I've owned that's failed.
Hard to day too much, but it works great. No issues to speak of. It does the job perfectly well
For the price, this works really well. I see no faults. It can unscrew pretty easily, but this is hardly a problem right now.
This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft
I was looking for a long cable to perform live with my band and i'm glad with HOSA quality. It feels reliable and without adding noise.
These are Good cables at a good price!! Not sure they would hold up to heavy use, but for practicing at home they are really great!
very sturdy, high quality with little to no feedback, i use it for performing for my friends and they all love it
Unless you're going to go for the very top of the line most expensive professional chords, these will do for any medium sized venue.
I have many lengths of these Hosa cables and have neverhad a problem with them.I am not an active musician, so have not put any of them throughthe riggers of what happens on stage; so I cannot comment on thistype of usage.In my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) I have come to realize, thatyou should ALWAYS have extra cables (just like strings) with you, aseven the most expensive cables will sometimes let you down.
Works great on my 100 watt Amp. Almost compares to a monster cable. And with Its length Its plenty of Room from your Guitar to amp. GOOD PRODUCT!
Good cable, as good as any expensive brand. Thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. No complaints at all.
I own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there. I've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so. I use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet.
the cable is great for connecting directly to the computer microphone to record live without a console or mixer...... its great  i recomended
Bought this to hook up a Beta 58 to a Panasonic G2 DSLR and a Kodak Zi8 for interviews. Works the way it's supposed to. 90 degree TRS is a nice touch. Good price.
Just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. What can you say about an adapter cord?  It is well made, good construction and sound from my DSLR with my mic is superb.
Well made, XLR 3 pin adaptor to mini.  Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job.
The listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo XLR is.  Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires.  This cable is configured to be a stereo unbalanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced TRS cable.  This item is not a mono balanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced mic cable.A little bit a soldering can fix this connector by moving the red wire from ping #3 to pin #2 with the white wire.  Pin #3 then ties to pin #1 with the ground wire.
First, the reasons why I awarded this five stars: the construction is uniformly excellent. Both ends have strain reliefs, the 1/8" connecter perfectly mates with the plug into which I insert it, and the XLR end is a quality component.I purchased this specifically to transform the third channels in myPowerwerks 50 Watt Personal P.A. Systeminto something more useable. This greatly expands the functionality and versatility of the portable PA by allowing me to plug in another mic. Since I have three of those units daisychained I was able to significantly enhance the entire system with this simple adapter.Another reason why I love this is it's noise free. In some environments in which I play there are sources of electromagnetic interference that cheap cables will pick up and transmit. I have not had that problem with this one, so it's another plus.Overall I am very pleased with this adapter and actually purchased a spare in case I damage or lose my primary one. It's a bit pricier than others I considered, but I feel that the quality and peace of mind are worth the premium.
I use this cable to run a extra line from microphone podiums to a zoom H1. This adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. I own several of these and love them.I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. Also check out Hosa's sinlge XLR to double XLR splitter.
Great stereo sound out of the keyboards.My keys had a single 1/4&#34; stereo out so this cable was needed to get it to convert to a true 2 channel stereo so we could EQ it properly and it worked like a charm. I highly recommend this cable.
Another quality product from Hosa.  Just what I needed for an insert patch from my mixer to EQ.  I always like slightly longer length as I can always zip tie back but hard to stretch!  No noise from this cable!
When I ordered these I wasn't expecting a whole lot since the price was under two dollars for a nearly 10-foot cable.  It turns out the quality is quite excellent and these cables are not flimsy at all.  I plugged them into the mixer and waited to hear some static, interference or buzz to explain the low price and all I got was a nice, clean signal.  Highly recommend these to anyone with a mixer that needs an insert cable.
These are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. Especially considering the price, these are brilliant. I was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but I trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that Hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge Monster Prices.
On my mixer, I have send/returns on the same plug using a 3 wire TRS with send on the tip, return on the ring, and a common ground.  But my effects boxes like to have separate 1/4" TR ins and outs.This is the perfect cable for just such a hookup of things like the behringer sharkBehringer Shark FBQ100 Automatic Feedback Destroyerto the 1202-vlZ3's send/returnsMackie 1202-VLZ3 12-Ch. Compact Recording/SR MixerI probably will order a second cable having seen how well the first one worked out on a send/return.
I still operate in an analog environment quite often, so I end up using lots of inserts. I have 8 channels of compression, limiter, gate and expander, plus various EQs and effects processors that need to be routed and applied to specific channels. I have an insert snake that I use as well, but the individual insert cables (of differing lengths) that I carry are lifesavers that make me a more efficient soundman during setup and a more flexible soundman during the show!
I use these in my home studio as INSERTS and they work great. No complaints.On a side note, I always clean all my cables with CAIG DeoxIT Gold G5 Spray Contact Conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. I also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments.
When you need an audio insert cable, you need an audio insert cable.We custom manufacture insert cables for custom sound-reinforcement fixed installations.  For  mobile rigs, such as mixer cases with processing gear, it's simply not cost effective, and Hosa is our go-to brand for reliability and durability.  There are other brands, but our reputation is at stake.Hosa allows us to maintain our good reputation, while lowering our labor costs. Thanks for such a dependable product, Hosa!  Thanks for such a great price, Amazon!
I play my I-pod through a small guitar Amp.  Great way to wake up the kids.  Works perfectly for the purpose.  Keep in mind small end for I-Pod is stereo and large end that goes into amp in mono.  If needing a stereo jack at both ends get something else.
plugged it in and it works to connect a mono line out to the stereo input on a Lepai amp. not much else I can tell you
I bought a few of these to hook iPods/iPhones to live stage sound systems, most of which are not in stereo anyway, so why use stereo-to-mono adapters or 2 separate channels when it's not needed? Perfect solution, seems durable.
I carry this in my bass gig bag so I can plug my phone into the mono aux-input on the back of my Genz Benz bass head. Handy for rehearsals when the band needs to listen to a track while working out an arrangement (my bass cab is full range fEARful 15/6/1). Before picking this up, I used a couple of cables / adapters to go from stereo 1/8&#34;  to mono 1/4&#34; and it often seemed I never had quite what I needed on hand.
It's hard not to love a cord that carries electrons all the way to the end. Not sure what, other than complete failure would take stars away.
Cables are cables. They usually all work. And with Amazon, you will always find the best deals for the same quality.
Picked up a cable to test on my new pedalboard, and I couldn't be happier. Doesn't suck tone, cables are sturdy, and they sound great. This replaced a normal straight 1/4 inch cable and saves so much space on my board.
If you need some 6" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. These cables are perfect. They deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. What more could you ask for?!
Bought this Hosa Pedal Cable for our son to interconnect his guitar pedal. It works well and seems to be durable. It hasn't given him any problems so far. It doesn't appear to change the sound quality or tone. Great product.
Good little connector cable.  Well constructed, durable, built to last.  I would recommend this cable to connect stomp boxes. Worth it.
These are great cables. The only con I could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. Most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down.
exactly what I needed to connect 2 distortion paddles to my amp...do yourself a favor, always order threw Amazon dealers! I placed an order threw onlinecarstereo.com and had to report a scam operation to my credit card co....their customer reviews were terrible, yet I made the mistake of placing n order...right before my eyes they changed their BAD reviews to add good ones....
These are great patch cables especially for the price. They don't suck any tone they are reliable(I've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.
This is a very good cable. I don't forsee having any problems with it. It's just right for hooking my pedals together eithout the mesws of long cables. If you need this get it. The price is right and shipping was right on time.
This is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget.  It works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected.
I typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. Never an issue. No loss of tone. Never breaks or fails. Quality product for a good price.
Really just some inexpensive and yet durable cables to link your stompboxes together. As of yet, i havent had one go all crackly, which, considering they get frequent use, is pretty good. Often, cheap cords die within a year or so. Every electric guitarist keeps a stock of these things, and this one in particular is cheap and accessible. I probably have around twelve of them.Enjoy!
Hosa patch cables are the best for the buck. Great sound and flexible. I'm a firm Hosa cable fan. Love these little guys.
These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.
I use this adapter on the interface/mix board end of 1 channel of my XLR cable snake, to change 1 channel into my monitor return. I plug an XLR to Female 1/4" stereo adapter to the other end to create a headphone jack at the musician end of my setup. Now I can record with 6 channels, and monitor with 2. (It's an 8 channel XLR snake). Why do I go through all that you ask? because I have an 8 channel XLR snake, and instead of buying another snake, why not ADAPT the snake I have? hence the word adapter... :-P I love it. It's a great tool to add versatility to your setup, no matter what you're doing. Definately recommend this product to anyone that would happen to need to change an XLR to balanced 1/4" stereo... It's high quality, and very solid, I definately expect this to last me a long time.
I purchased this to work with my ION system and my shure mic. Arrived as expected, very solid great fit. It works!!!!
This has come in handy many times in my studio Z108.net. We love having it around. Good quality affordable price.
Its affordable and it works.  Its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input.
For the price, can't beat it.  Works as well as any $15 - $20 one I would have bought at local guitar stores.
Just a basic female XLR to 1/4 inch male adapter. I use these so I can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one PA.
As expected from Hosa another great product.  Solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone.
I use this to run a single, mono XLR shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my Tascam DR-40, which saves me a step in post-production.  The quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do.  Good price for a good product.
This is a solid product. I ended up not needing it so... I returned it. However, it worked fine and gets the job done.
This Dual splitter works perfect. I own a live event video company and I shoot a lot of weddings. The most important part of video is the audio. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. I always say, half of video is audio. For years I used to run a line directly out of the DJ's mixer to get my audio. The issue with doing it that way is during introdustions you will get the music the dj is playing and the words they are speaking. Often though, the signal is to hot, the music is crap, or the dj says something stupid. With just the DJ's voice I can edit the way I want and compress time. This product has improved my productions beyond it's price sold. I use them to run a separate clean audio line from a DJ's wireless systems to my own audio recorder. They work perfectly and haven't failed me once.
This was recommended to me by the top engineer at Genz-Benz bass amplification company.  Andy said that this product is far superior to any other.  He was right.  Fixed the scratchy potentiometer on my Shuttle 6.0 amp.  Also fixed the effects loop jacks, which had become oxidized and were causing my amp to intermittently lose 90% of its power on gigs.  Not good!  After several gigs worth of testing, both problems are resolved!  Andy said that this product actually works better over time once it has been applied since it has a lubricating, cleaning and coating effect on the components.  Wow!  And no, Andy does not own stock in, have affiliation with, or represent in any way the manufacturers of De-Oxit.  Nor do I.
This thing is like a magic Spray! Hah!Seriously... I used this on noisy hinges, car doors, etc.I really bought it to clean the POTs (volume controls and knobs) on my Guitars, pedals and equipment. It really does work and gets rid of the static noise you get when you turn your volume control on your radio or guitar for example.
I bought this product to use on my amp pots. It restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps.It doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!
Before you pay some tech to fix the knobs and switches on your guitar, stomp box or amp, try this.  95% of the time, this will take care of the problem.  If your amp cuts in and out, also try spraying the effects loop and pushing a 1/4&#34; jack in and out of the socket a dozen times.  The very first can I bought probably paid for itself a hundred times over.  Good stuff !
I deal with quite a bit of electronic musical instrument gear from guitars, basses, amps, FX, MIDI gear, etc.  Over time most of it starts suffering from scratchy / noisy pots (knobs), input and output jacks that are crackly, etc.In the past I've tried some Locktite electronics cleaner, which is provided in a similar can. It would rarely work.In contrast this has cleaned every piece of gear I've used it on saving me from having to physically replace the pots and jacks. It's really like magic in a can.
This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff.
Fantastic stuff....I sprayed it in my bass guitar's pot and now its like new. Wish I had found this stuff sooner.
What was it, brillcream? a dab will do ya?Something like that -This is all you need for contact cleaning. Worth the coin.
I used this on my guitar Tone and Volume pots and it clears up the crackle.Feels a little oily, but gets the job done and you don't have to replacethe potentiometers.
Use this alot on all kinds of electronics. It gets crackling knobs going again. I've use it for years. recommend
The pots on my bass has become &#34;scratchy&#34; so I sprayed a bit into them, turn the pots back and forth a few times and no more noise. Great for what I needed.
For the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. Good to keep as a spare in the gig box.
i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,
We bought this Mic and a spare for our son's guitar amp set-up for his mixer. It seems to work fine, and comes with the Mic cord, We decided to go for the model with the on=off switch based on other reviews, and haven't yet been disappointed.
There's nothing complicated about this purchase. It's a cable. It works. It doesn't cost a lot. It's a great deal. Get it.I use it every week, and it still sounds perfect. Then, again, I never mistreat my equipment.
I only do test recording with this digitally to get a better Idea of my learning process from the other side. It gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw I have.
I use this for Video Exchanges on a guitar instruction website. It's perfect for vocals, podcasting, video recording and so forth. Shure makes excellent stuff. What's also great is you save some money as an XLR cable is included. I'm very happy with this purchase.
This microphone is great for singing with a PA and an electric guitar. I sing worship/praise songs and southern gospel and it is very smooth in the mid range and when you get up close it enhances the bass nicely. I don't think it is the same as an SM58 but it is exactly what I need. Built to last and it is a Shure.
Just got this, have used it for recording and rehearsal, it works well so far and I will revise the review if that somehow changes in the next few years.  Right now, though, I'd say great product.
good mic for simple live stuff that isn't too expensive.  it gets a good clear sound and has an on off switch that helps with all kinds of things
This is a proven classic.  Using it to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet.  Sounds fantastic and is solidly built.
This is the #1 mic you should get, recording or live, instruments or voice, it always come through  with a great sound and seems almost indestructible.looking forward to work with it on future projects, can't believe it took me so long to get one of those
Although this mic is now considered primarily an instrument mic, that was not always the case and I've actually preferred this same basic design for live vocal use since 1970 when I bought my first one which was then known as a "Shure Model 545 Unidyne III."  That mic got stolen about 2 years ago, but remarkably was still working at the time it got boosted and I was still using it when I needed one with an on/off switch function.  I've owned or used countless modern day SM-58's and SM-57's along with dozens of other mics over the years from all manufacturers.  I have a fairly deep baritone to bass type voice and I don't need to get closer than about 7 or 8 inches to a SM-57.  To me the SM-57 sounds similar to the $469 Shure SM-7 studio vocal mic if you put a windscreen on it and get about 2 inches away.  I'd only use an SM-7 in a studio environment though because they are slightly more fragile and over four times as expensive.  By design the SM-58's require you to get much closer to the mic to get a full range sound than with the SM-57's.  I prefer the SM-57's over the SM-58's for vocal use because they sound crisper on the highs and they sound fuller on the low end.  The SM-57 sounds more natural on vocals and never sounds muddy or muffled.  The SM-57 has one of the most pronounced proximity effects of any mic I've ever used.  If you tend to shove the mic down your throat you may benefit from the less dramatic proximity effect of the SM-58.  If you are ever going to use an SM-57 for vocals I'd recommend buying the Shure A2WS windscreen with it.  That genuine Shure windscreen fits precisely and locks securely onto the SM-57.  The SM-57 will pop like mad without one.  The only possible drawback to the SM57 as a vocal mic is that there is no model available with an on/off switch these days.  I can't find a modern SM-57 with a switch anywhere.  However, if you've ever tried using a mic when you forgot that the switch was in the off position it probably just became a liability. For my money, the SM-57 is the best all around microphone of the past two generations for stage use and some recording purposes.  For studio vocals I'd use an SM-7, which really doesn't sound all that much different from the SM-57 when the built-in variable EQ on the SM-7 is set the way I like.  The SM-57 and it's predecessors are to me the best all around microphone since 1970 and certainly the most enduring and durable.  You can not go wrong unless you get too close with no windscreen.
Good all around mike. If you are looking for a solid mike to start your studio, I recommend this one. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. Best mike for the price and purpose.
Seriously?  The Shure SM57 sets the standard, which by all other instrument microphones are judged.No kidding.  They work great with guitar (for a REAL acoustic guitar sound, drums, congas, tablas... You name it..  if it's an instrument the SM57 delivers.I hear it's good for vocals as well.  When the President gives a speech, the SM57 is there.In my experience a vocalist better have above average pipes to use the SM57.  The SM58 is better suited to those who lack vocal projection (most wannabe's).For instrument sound reinforcement...  bar-none... the best.
If it's good enough to track Tom Petty's vox on the heartbreakers albums, its good enough for the rest of us. Sounds great on amps and perc. Dropped one from a 12 story building a few years back into a parking lot and it barley dented the housing and still works 100%. My drummer still uses it on his kit and I never told him haha (hope he doesn't read this review!) It's a shame the new mics coming out (wireless stuff they make: IE Presentor, PG seies, digital series etc) are such flimsy pieces of garbage. This is the last of the cool from Shure.
There's a reason every mic cabinet has at least one of these (and if it doesn't, it should).  This is a great all purpose dynamic mic, I use it for instruments, vocals, even field recording sometimes.  The SM58 has a frequency response that is supposed to be more tailored towards vocals, but that doesn't mean that the 57 can't handle a voice.  They're pretty much the same mic as far as I'm concerned, and for the average amateur recording engineer or home studio practitioner I think you'll find the same thing.  And if you're operating at a level where you refuse to use them interchangeably, then you probably already know what you're looking for.  I'll be getting a 58 to add to my personal cabinet soon, but if you're like me and wanted to spend more on a nice condenser before filling out your dynamic mics, you can't go wrong here.
I use this for recording guitars as well as live vocals.  I've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged.  I couldn't be happier with it.
I bought this for my teen son for Christmas. He loves to play his bass and sing along. He had a different Shure mic and it was totally flat compared to this particular model. Nice and clean sounds, plus it seems pretty sturdy. We did get him a mic stand and it fits on it perfectly and stays put. Shure knocked this one out of the park.
these are my preferred mics for practice and gigs... an all around tough mic....great for all your needs...I highly recommend them..
The industry standard for live performance, the SM58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason. These are the only microphones that I perform with, and the on/off switch makes it easier so I don't have to power down all of my gear when I am done practicing...I just turn the mic off.
legendary performance indeed! works perfectly, extremely easy to set up, very good sound, good price, that's 'bout all you need to know!
Great all around mic used for vocals.  No frills, tough as nails, and great sound for live music.  If you're buying your first mic (or switching from a cheapie) and intend to use it for singing/vocals, this is a mic that any musician would probably recommend without hesitation.  I've never used another one since the first time I switched from a cheaper mic (that came with some bundle) 10 years ago.  I depend on the smoothness of my vocals to carry off songs and this mic reproduces the warm sounds I like perfectly.  You can stand 3 feet away and really wail, or get up close for some bass response, or anything in between.The SM58-CN comes with the mic, 25-ft cable, cable tie, carry pouch, and mic clip.  The standard SM58 does not have a switch (one less thing to break and I don't miss it)  but the SM58-S does have it for a few dollars extra.
I've just got the Shure SM58 microphone.As expected, this is a real workhorse of microphones; the sound is clear, crispy, robust, high quality product.Also, I've bought it at Amazon and they sold through J&R; Music and Computer World which is an excellent supplier. They shipped in less time than expected.I'm a really happy customer now.
no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. use it all the time.
A nice addition to my recording home studio!  I recommend it for any one who records ballads or light classical music.
I made the mistake of thinking I could save forty bucks and get by with the Shure PG-58.  I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P.A.). Whatever the reason, the PG-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the Roland Cube / Peavey amps I try to employ it with (I use a 1/4" adapter with the XLR connector that comes with the mic).  When I borrow a Shure SM-58 mic from someone, the difference is instant and dramatic--it's a far more efficient (i.e. louder) mic, producing a full, clear sound, and without additional pre-amplification, demonstrating why it's the most popular microphone in the world.  For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch.  It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members.  And even if you're an instrumentalist, it may be wiser to select the SM-58 over the SM-57.  The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. Above all, the SM-58 has proven itself to be the Sherman tank of microphones, simply unparalleled for ruggedness and durability.[I see a review cautioning the consumer to be wary of "this seller."  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns.  But anyone who returns an SM58 probably had no business buying it in the first place.  They are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility.  In fact, it's the very popularity of the SM58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators.  Consumers require choice, but with the Shure SM58 there need be none.]
This is a well made, low noise and low cost cable. Unless you make a lot of money with your recordings, this will do just fine!
Didn't know what to expect for under $10, but it proved to be worth the gamble.This cable appears to be well constructed and it works fine for me(amateur use, infrequent setup/teardowns).It's a decent 15 feet long, and has a locking button on the female end.I'm quite happy with it.
Everyone develops personal preferences over time for one reason or another.  I have a personal preference for the XLR ends with the really fine threaded plastic cap on the outside (first to slide down the cable) with a 4 legged gripper underneath that slides next down the cable and pinches down as you tighten the plastic outer cap into the metal housing with the solder contacts causing the gripper to strain relief most cable diameters.  Unfortunately that design isn't used here, but I chose to award the 5 star rating for value because you get 15' of good quality shielded cable with 2 XLR ends (M and F) for well under $1/ft.As for pinout it's straightforward, pin 1 is tied to the metal grip and shield and connects between both ends, while pins 2 and 3 are run isolated between both ends.  The end design chosen uses the single set screw connector (the tiny one that gets lost so easy if you need to take it apart) and the rubber bumper design on the back which I haven't had the best of luck making quick changes in the field with, however for interconnecting equipment on a temporary basis these cables are an important starting point of any audio engineer's kit because they will be used not if but WHEN the need arises.Another favorite of mine is the 6 pack of 3 foot male to female cables which do use my favorite XLR ends mentioned above, which amazon will rush you:GLS Audio 3ft Patch Cable Cords - XLR Male To XLR Female Black Cables - 3' Balanced Snake Cord - 6 PACK- these are very easy to open an end, change phase, lift ground, or input someone's oddball source signal.  Having 6 on hand means you won't quibble over cable costs before the show starts and that channel will be in the final mix.Back to pyle's product here, I basically took away 1 star for not using the easy to open and re-wire XLRs but gave them a star for value in the product since it's 15 feet long and will reach between my mixer and most anything else inside the booth for under a buck a foot.  It's also great when someone yells "it's too short I need a cable stretcher at the podium!" and quickly adds 15 feet of noise free movement to a stage snake that either wasn't planned for or got moved/quit working.  For the price they have saved many installations from being torn up or rewired which means no surprises opening the next showing.I finally equipped my cable kit with the usual XLR to  RCA, 1/4 TRS, hi-z transformers, and the above mentioned 6 pack of 3 foot cables to quickly gain access to the XLR terminals if need be, plus 2 of these 15 foot cables mainly to solve distance problems, and a roll of gaffer's tape for good measure to prevent tripping hazards.  I used to have 2ea 50 foot XLR cables but no sooner than the box was opened one became a permanent addition to the stage snake so now I have one left for my kit. With all that I had to build an emergency XLR to 2.5mm TS all metal shielded connector for a mike input on short notice so a soldering kit with misc plugs got added to my cable bin.  Even though all this was under $100 it has saved the day more than once and made the show go on, so a bit of "what if" thinking and judicial purchases can make you look like the miracle mixer in the black painted room and justify your existance when the owner's daugher's toy musicbox becomes a channel in the house mix thanks to some quick cable magic.My last cable advice is never deconstruct something you custom made.  It will no doubt be needed again, and since you made it you'll know why, how, and where it was used before, thus you save time not recreating a past fix rather pulling it from your magic box of tricks and solving the problem.  People think you can hook anything up where others tried and failed furthering your staff position.  My only exception goes to cables that violate every standard and didn't serve to fix the problem like that phase reversed ground lifted XLR 4 pin stereo Y splitter to dual TRS female cable I made for the harmonica duet where the performers had nose rings and lip bars pierced and kept getting static with their mics when they held the harmonica up to their jewelry.  I chalked that up to being part of the intended musical signal, wondering just how much it hurt to play with all the piercings scraping along the harmonica when I setup my monitor speakers to listen to just that (stereo) channel in rehersal at the console.
This is a great chord for anyone needing to not spend the money on a high quality chord... It's no PEAVEY but it works just as good...
I bought a pair of these cables and they work just fine.  There doesn't seem to be any noise and they seem to be built to last.  They do what they're supposed to do.
well made and the perfect length for my needs. the shielding was great as well. the end connectors were well made and strong.
Like most products on the market, depending on where and how the item is used, your experience may vary. For me, this cable is going to be used on a semi-stationary mic stand in my project studio, and thus far, it's done nothing but an exceptional job. I tested the cable with a few different mics and in each scenario, the signal was just as strong as the some of the other, more pricey cables out there. Would I purchase this again? Absolutely!
The extra length gives me more flexibility and maneuverability.  Cord works well and hasn't been any problem, to date.  Plugs directly to the system, or my mini-amp.  Works well.
I have to tell you guys, these XLR cables that I have received recently are by far the best quality cables I have ever encountered in my entire music (professional) life.I would suggest these cables to any one of my colleagues.
Got a packet to try but I found they are better than the Gator screws that came with my case! My equipment is very secure. Highly recommended.
They are screws. They screw in and hold things. To say that they did less would've gotten the 1 star. I like them.
Excellent rack screws with washers. Its fit very good to rack holes. Good presentation and well packed. I will buy again.
So far the ones I have used have all threaded nicely into our 16u rack. There are exactly as described and do the job. What more can a guy say about a little box of screws? Maybe I should post some pics of the little buggers in action?
Pros:* They look very nice.* They cause much less wear than the 2nd hand rack screws and washers.Cons:* More expensive and I had to wait a few days longer than it took my rack equipment to ship.I'd purchase these again, but I now have 25 but only need 16 at the most once my rack is filled.
I replaced all the stock mounting screws that came with our sound rack cabinet with these, as they were nearly invisible with the black rails and mounting plates. The plastic washers also seem to protect the finishes better than metal washers on the equipment I mounted. Inexpensive, and worth it.
Donr be fooled by the imitations... should be their slogan. There are some real junky ones out there and these are great, love the washers, life savers. Thanks!
Great rack mount screws. Rubber washers are perfect, lets it give your item that tight fit without worry of the screws working out any time soon. I use them on my portable desktop rack with my mobile DJ equipment and they have held strong.
Other than that, when you need 10-32 rack screws, these are the real McCoy.  Wide enough pan to grab the ear, narrow enough to clear that next piece of gear!  Thanks, Raxxess!
There are other rack screws out there, but Raxxess makes the best quality screws and soft washers available.
Well if this review survives the censors just know that these are great screws when you run out of the original screws you were supplied with your new rack.  They work.
Mics are like pants, you have to find the right fit. This one I like for my vocals live. I sing fairly low and airy - works great for me. Also used to mic resonator guitar through a tube mic preamp live, very sweet sound. I prefer it to the 58, seems a bit more bright and natural. Might purchase another one eventually...
Why drive a Pinto when you can drive a Cadillac? This is the industries best mic as far as I am concerned. I had a Shure SM 58 like everyone else owned but there is no comparison between this mic and a SM58. SM 58 is garbage compared to the Beta 58A. Spring for the extra bucks and be happy. That's what I always say.
I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. The SM58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the Beta 58A is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. The SM58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the Beta58A is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. If you're used to the SM58, then the Beta58A can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.Pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - I play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a SM57 or a SM58.
Yes, it costs considerably more than the SM58 and I'm not sure if I could pass a comparison test between the two, but I love this mic!  To me, it sounds slightly brighter and clearer than the 58s I have used in the past.  If you are a musician who is strapped for cash or trying to make ends meet, get the 58.  If you have the extra dough and want a confidence boost, go for the Beta.  I would buy this again.
I'm an amateur sound tech. We've been using SM58 in our church for years now and our singers/song leaders liked it very much than the other mics that we've had before. Our singers are growing and we needed addtional mic so we thought of this Beta58A because of the good reviews. When I received it I cannot wait to test it myself and whoaaah.. For me, it sounded better than SM58. My songleaders have tested it and guess what... they dont want to use the SM58 anymore :)
While the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone seems to be the running staple for live performance vocals, and rightly so due to its comparative value and amazing quality in sound and craftsmanship, the Beta 58A needs to be given its due. The Beta 58A is an amazing dynamic microphone that might alleviate some of the stress associated with its more cost efficient cousin. That is, the Beta 58A, in the confined live scenarios in which I have utilized it, has demonstrated a much broader sweet spot and completely eliminated some severe feedback issues. For vocalists that like to pull back from the mic a touch to really belt those sustained high (or, really, any) notes the Beta is a dream. This same effect helps if one is experiencing sibilance or "popping" complications and needs to sing past the microphone as opposed to directly into it.While I wish that I had a better understanding from a sound engineering standpoint so that the technical specifics could be expounded upon, I can confidently say that the Beta 58A is the best vocals microphone that I have ever utilized aside from higher end condenser mics in an isolated environment. Quite honestly, I would not be at all surprised if the Beta compared well even in confined recording situations. The bottom line is that the Beta 58A might be more expensive than its popular cousin, the SM58, but it is worth every penny. Anyone who has the opportunity should give it a chance to demonstrate its superiority. Six out of five stars!
The Beta 58A along with the original SM58 are industry standards, that's well known. As a general purpose workhorse for live vocals they are by far the most popular tools out there. Quality venues throughout the country commonly stock these as their go-to house mics. In fact, I noticed Betas all over the place at a small theater (with a high-end system) that I played at just recently.I had used the old 58 for years before moving to the Beta and there is certainly a noticeable difference between the two. The Beta is definitetly hotter, with a more sensitive response. Your vocals will cut into the mix strongly and with more clarity than you might be used to. Mids and highs are picked up perfectly when singing a few inches away and there is a subtle low frequency roll-off to avoid that boomy, muddled sound you typically get when hitting low or quiet notes up close. You definitely need to stay within a close range though as the pickup pattern is very tight. This is a good thing because extraneous noise and feedback is effectively rejected."Built like a tank" is probably a bit overused when describing products but Shure's vocal mics truly earn that title. They can take an enormous amount of abuse and never falter. Toss it around, drop it, bury it under other stuff, etc., NO problem. When you are maintaining a bunch of music gear, it's nice to have tools that you never worry about. For that reason, I'd highly recommend getting a used one if you can find a deal. Chances are, its in working order no matter what.
I actually replaced a BOSS TR2 with this pedal. Does everything it is supposed to do without the "perceived" (that's was they say) volume loss typical of many tremolo pedals. If it's perceived, then how do you explain how good this sounds? I have since had the pedal rehoused in a metal enclosure with a better switch because I was scared of breaking its plastic housing when switching it on and off.
When I first started setting up my little studio, I wanted something that didn't break the budget.  I tried a couple different combo pedal boards, (Digitech 500, Boss ME-70), but quickly realized I wasn't getting my sound and the money was quickly drying up.  With not much left, I tried a Tuna Melt as an example of Danelectro.  Who would think?  This thing is stunning in its ability to manufacture vintage tremolo sounds, as are most of this line of pedals.  I now own about 12-14 of these of all types, and have never been dissapointed save it's very hard to chain them without a lot of noise.Then I got into guitar building, and they all got put away.  Lately, I have been trying to make time to improve my playing skills, and joy of joys! I am rediscovering all these pedals and I absolutely love them.Forget the FAB series, they are not so hot.  Buy the old style as the Tuna Melt, or the big metal ones like the Dan Echo.  You will NOT be sorry!
It is exactly what you need in a capo! You can cover all six strings, move one string over to get a drop d tuning or turn the capo upside down to get a partial capo (though a bit of adjusting may be needed to get the strings held down.).All in all, a great capo that is well made and will last forever.Kyser is an awesome small Christian company and I really like their products and supporting them with my purchases. :]
Love these capos and nice that you can get them in other colours.  Prevents you from getting yours confused with some one elses.
My son needed a Capo, expensive at music  shop where he takes lessons.  At Amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price.
I like it, it works well with my takamine acoustic jasmine s35 guitar. And it looks good. Overall, I recommend.
Quick to clip on and off. Really... Is there anything else to say? What else do you want it to do?These suckers are wonderfully reliable.I've had one for about 10 years. The only thing that went wrong with it was the removable rubber on the "bottom" of the capo became damaged because of my own neglect. However, for a $1, keyser sent me a bag of a about 6 of them. Can you go wrong? NO!Great product!
This Capo looks great and does the job. It does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions.
Purchased the 6-string Kyser capo when I meant to get the 12-string version (slightly longer, stronger spring?), but find that this 6-string Capo not only works great on my 2 6-string acoustics, but also works on my 12-string acoustic with a little adjusting.  Quality seems top notch, design is simple and effective.
I've owned the same one for 10 years and it's still going strong after many gigs. The spring tension is just right.
Basically because they are the easiest to squeeze in my opinion.  I have big hands which may be part of it.
high quality hassle free design.  Very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force,  but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing.  Very happy with this purchase.
I've seen and used many different types of capos over the years and they range from the very cumbersome and difficult to use to the easily breakable but I've never used one as convenient and as well constructed as this Kyser one.  It is by far the best I've ever seen and I've been using it for years now and it still works fine.  It makes moving the capo quickly a cinch and the gold doesn't corrode or tarnish making it look like new even after all these years.Very highly recommended!
It is very well made, is easy to use, and holds down the strings just fine.  It is well protected as to not scratch or nick your guitar.
Durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.
This capo is as good as I've ever used and its in pink which perfectly matchs my shell pink strat. Great deal.
Easy to useGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
I've played guitar for 5 years. Seen many different capos, but none that quite satisfies me as the Kyser.You really can't go wrong with this capo. It is very mobile, easily adjustable, sturdy, and durable.What's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 String capo and still turn it around to use it asa Cut capo. The transparent rubber piece does the same job.It comes in different colors also.I own the black, silver, gold, and camo Kyser capos.I also own the Cut Capo for other styles.I recommend it!All the capos I've had from Kyser are still in great conditions.Use them all the time at church and at home
I started using Kyser capos a couple of years ago and have never looked back since. I now own several of them and have not had any problems with any of them. They work great on acoustic and electric guitars and they have survived the many children I teach lessons to even though they get treated rather rough at times. Great capos. You won't be disappointed.
I originally bought this for my guitar and it worked very well for that, so I tried it out on my 4 string uke and it works just as great. It's so much better than the elastic capos. So, it's doing double duty and going strong.
This style of capo CAN throw your guitar out of tune if you don't put it on right. When used correctly though, it does it's job just fine.
I can only repeat what everyone else has already said: this Kyser capo is designed and built very well. It's easy to put on and adjust, and just as easy to take off. There are probably a few capos out there that are a bit flashier, but this is still pretty stylish. And the price makes it a real bargain.
I bought a 12 string one in blk.  Love it for simplicity and needed it so I didn't have to keep searching for the other.  Got gold to remind me it is for six strings.
I have used a few different capo's this is far and away my favorite. Very easy to take it off, holds the strings tight. What more can you ask for? Does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive.
It does what it says. It a Kyser Quick Change capo. This capo is great for changing keys in the middle of a song or anytime you are in a hurry. Highly recommended.
I am very pleased with this purchase. The strings play very clearly with zero buzzing on any position between frets. I can dramatically hear and feel the difference than when I used a cheap $5 capo before. This is well worth your pay :)
My husband usese this capo almost everytine he plays his guitar. His old one lasted about 10 years. Worth the cost.
Long time Shubb user, but decided to try something different.I think I've found how lazy I am. I ended up using the Kyser more often than the Shubb because of the fact that you can put the Kyser on the peghead.Reaching my hand to an always available position on guitars (i.e. the peghead) for the Kyser turns out to be much more convenient than reaching to something that is not on the guitar and that could change according to situations, e.g. maybe just by my side on the sofa in my living room, maybe a table or the floor in some other places, for the Shubb.
These Capos are wonderful. Perfect all the way around! long lasting and backed up by the company. I have three!
I bought this Capo for myWashburn D10. It works on my Orlando classical guitar as well. I wanted a capo that was simple to operate and wasn't too expensive - and the Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo fits the bill nicely:[Update 7/25/10: My Orlando guitar was stolen. Boo Hoo!!!]- Easy On, Easy OffThe spring mechanism makes it easy to put the capo on or take it off.- Rubberized ClampsRubberized clamps helps prevent the Kyser from scratching or marring the neck and the frets.- ErgonomicThe arched arm with the weird-looking loopy looking thingy and the other straight arm help you to firmly grab on to them without slipping so you can easily and quickly remove or reposition the Kyser Capo.- DurableThe Kyser is made from durable aluminum.[Update 7/25/10] I've had this capo for almost 3 years and it's still working like a champ! (According to Amazon's Instant Order Update for moi, I got this capo on  November 22, 2007.)- The Same Capo Colbie Caillat Used in BubblyCheck out the music video! It's the same capo Colbie Caillat used inBubbly!---The Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo is excellent! I don't think you can go wrong with this one!
Probably the best kapo out on the market. Very high quality and a sleek look. Easy to use, what more could you want?
I use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome. I like to put the capo on the first fret and when I play a song I made, it sounds really really good. The capo is very easy to use as well.
The package arrived on time. This is the best capo around and works great. Does what it is supposed to do.
works great. Just clip it on and jam out.forget the screw on type, and spend the few extra bux for this one.  you'll be happier, trust me.
I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons.  It is lovely.  Clear shard silk screening.  The capo itself is really good.  It is very snug on the strings.
i got pink cause nobody would steal it, and we all know how often capos get stolen from people pink is great
This capo is awesome, it looks and feels very nice and premium, it works on all of my guitars not much more you can ask for.
These are good for the average guitar player who doesn't want to much strain or pain on there fingers. Not the fullest tone, but you wouldn't expect that with extra light strings.
I have an electro acoustic Martin (second hand but without a scratch). I got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. Is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good. Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.Recomended
Strings are not just strings. Guitar strings are another very important part of playing GREAT Guitar. And all Martin products are second to none.
I replaced a set of strings that were very used with these Martins.  They are, as named, very light.  They are easy on my fingers and give great tone.  Quality company, great strings, great price!
I ordered a couple sets of this strings so I would have some extras for myself and my 6 year old son who is just starting out on guitar. this strings have good sound and hold a tune well. the best thing is the price is great. Like I said I am usinging these on mine and my sons guitar and my son was breaking string from playing to hard, but with these string it does not break the bank to replace them as needed.
The name Martin says it all & has for many,many years.Grab some extras because you will want more, Great price,great strings.
I love these strings, and use them for all of my acoustic playing. Best of all, I can find them here for $3.49 per set, so I'm not dumping a bunch of money on strings all the time. Easy to play, and they sound great.long lasting if you take care of them by wiping them down every time.
these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven I use them all the time
Good strings with good sound.The Extra Light is easier on the fingers - but they sound thinner too.Go for the Light gauges for more solid sound if you can handle the pressure.
I am yet another one of those "Forever Beginners" when it comes to playing the guitar. Never mind that...these guitar strings made second hand guitar sound so much better! After putting in new pegs and re-stringing with these strings...it sounds so much nicer! More richer! Now I see I need to replace the saddle and bridge on it as the pegs keep coming loose. I think that once I do this and then re-string these same strings on it...I will be set to go!I like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! I also have small fingers and hands.I intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.I recommend!
I restrung my Martin 0-16NY with these strings and found them to be excellent.  As a new guitarist,the light strings were very easy on my sensitive finger tips and have a very warm and rich sound.
Even though these are folk strings, I put them on my 35 year old dread and they sound really good.I hope they last longer than some of the reviews indicate.I also wipe them down after playing to minimize tarnishing.So far so good
Great,great sound. The sound of these strings is different than any other strings you could get. They also teach a guitar player to use a lighter touch while playing to produce beautiful sounds. Well worth it.
I really like these things.  I don't stick tape and stuff to guitar body which if they do make a double sided tape similar to post it notes might be a good idea.  Bought a few while back and just bought a few more.  If you drop a pick there is another right there.  Have fun.
Excellent simple product. Fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. Easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. Has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves.
Since I bought these little gadgets everybody playing guitar around want them.I use to misplace my picks all the time when playing and now I do not have to look around for them any longer as I know where to find them.  I like to use different gage picks therefore.  I have ordered more for Christmas stocking stuffers whicdh will be enjoyed by my friends.
It's a lot smaller than the picture makes it look, but that's a good thing. It serves it purpose and fits snugly between the strings on the headstock.
I have been using these for months now with 5-string bass. I think these are even more useful for bassists than guitar, as I often find myself playing with fingers, then suddenly a "pick song" starts and... where's a pick? I usually have to offset it, and with the tuner placement I can only fit one pick, but I still find them indispensable. And no tape or other sticky stuff!There is also a model made specially for bass. [Updated] I now have the bass model on all of my basses. It is definitely better for thicker strings.The guitar model is now on my Gibson Explorer. I do love it, but the "spreading strings" on the headstock makes it less secure than is perfect. So, still highly recommended if your headstock has a "straight through" design, not so much if you have a jackson or other radically angled headstock. (They should make a Metal Edition for that. :) )
I was thinking it may affect the ability to tune properly, but it seems to have no affect at all. Super audiophile tone hounds might say it affects the resonance and sustain, but just take it off when recording. Very handy to have two picks with you at all times. It's great not to have to make a trip back to the mike stand to get a pick or having to attach something with sticky tape to the guitar's finish. Me likey!! Price can't be beat either!
I've played string instruments for the better part of 55 years... Starting with a cheap Tijuana Wood box as a 5 year old, progressing to Martin 6 and 12 string Acoustic guitars, and a few electric Fender and Gibson units.... All good in their own respect.I decided to treat myself to a Les Paul for my 58th birthday but, not having the financial resources to buy a $3,000.00 git, I shopped and shopped... Finally settling on this Cherry Burst LP-100.It arrived in perfect condition, the slightly smooshed outer packaging notwithstanding. It was even "sorta" in tune... but a quick dial-in with the electronic tuner brought that right.Simply put, Nice guitar. After allowing the strings and neck to settle in together, I spent a few hours a week later adjusting string height, intonation, and pick-up distances, and now this LP *ROCKS* !!!If you're going to spend mid-range $$$ on a fine practice / performance guitar, you can't go wrong with this one, kids - Two Thumbs Up ![Suggestion: A Fender Mustang 1 or 2 amp makes this guitar sound even better...]
exactly the same as describe here, love the sound and easy to play. great price for excellent sound, highly recommend to everyone.
I bought this as a present for my daughter to learn guitar on. She absolutely loves it. Everyone that has played on it over the past few weeks loves it. You can't beat this for the price!!!
I have been playing guitar for over 30 years. I've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. My wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this guitar. It is a solid, well built guitar. The finish is beautiful. The pictures do it no justice. It sounds incredible. It has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. The clean tones are nice and warm. The neck is fast. No fret noise or hums. The pickups are really nice. Its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. From blues to hard rock & metal. I would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. You cannot find a better guitar for this price. I would have expected it to cost much more. I am extremely impressed with this great guitar. You can bet, when I add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. Well done Epiphone!!
I have been playing guitar since I was 6 years old (over 3 decades) and I must say this was a very pleasant surprise.  I haven't had an electric in years, and didn't have the budget to get a Gibson, so picked up this Epi Les Paul 100 instead, along with a Fender Mustang I Amp.  Great combination.  This guitar has a very sloid feel, and came set-up perfectly right out of the box.  All it needed was tuning.  Unlike others, I didn't feel that the strings I got needed to be changed right away, but probably within the first two weeks you will want to change them.  Replaced mine with Ernie Ball "Not Even Slinky's" and couldn't be happier with the way this thing plays and sounds.  Great sustain, beautiful harmonics, the clean tones are warm, can get nice blues tones out of it, and superb thrash metal too.  Very versatile.  It does not quiet do country or jazz, but it wasn't really meant to.The action is extremely easy, fret board has a great feel to it, good width on the neck, not too slinder but not too thick.  It just feels good in your hands.The finish on this product is very nice.  One thing though, the pick guard is kind of a tan / cream off white color, not bright white as pictured, but it still looks great.Also, not mentioned in the description, but this does come with a 12 foot cord, but it's not the best quality.  Would recommend picking up a new one when you order.Overall, this is well worth the $500 that they list as the MSRP.  At less than half that its a steal.If you are considering this instrument, don't hesitate.
Well, the Epiphone Les Paul came in earlier this morning!Am I impressed? U bet cha!This thing is simply beautiful! It arrived well padded in a double box. Initially, I spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if I could spot any flaws. NONE! Not a finger print on it anywhere! This guitar is extremely well made and put together right. It was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. The neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. I put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the &#34;money&#34;!It's considerably heaver than than I thought.  I would imagine it weighs about 10-14lbs. I have a strap ordered and on the way.The maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. All the metal hardware appears top quality as are the Duncan pickups. This Epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing I ever had.  Your hand floats over the frets!I don't think you could get a better piece for the price point.
This is one awesome guitar!  I also purchased the Fender Mustang I Amp, Epiphone custom case (fits like a glove) and Planet Waves Planet Lock Leather Guitar Strap (comfortable and very secure) which made for an UNBELIEVEABLE combination along with Rocksmith 2014.  I cannot imagine anyone being disappointed with this combination.  The only problem in my household is....who gets to play next.
Waited two months before reviewing my les paul 100 to make sure there were no issues.  I am very happy with the guitar.  It came well padded and was in excellent shape.  It was set up well and has played well out of the box.  Just did my first string change making sure I used the same gauge of string and didn't have to make any adjustments to the guitar.  Played as well after the change as it did before.  Was a little nervous about an online purchase and not being able to play the guitar before buying but when you live out in the sticks and it's a major trip to get to a real guitar store you sometimes take your chances.  Anyway it all worked out as the guitar is very easy to play, free prime two day shipping, no sales tax, and saved about $80 in gas it would have taken to make a trip to buy one in a store.  The savings in gas and tax paid for about half of my new Mustang 2 v2 amplifier.The only thing is on the epiphone site it states all their electric guitars include a cable in the box.  This one did not and from reading their forum it seems it is almost a normal thing for cords to somehow disappear before reaching the customer.  It is not a big deal to me but I thought I'd mention it for those thinking of buying a epiphone.  When I ordered this one I wasn't really sure if a cable would be included or not so I ordered one at the same time, I'm glad I did.
First off, the shipping was fantastic. It shipped the very next day and came VERY well protected in perfect condition. It is an extremely well made and solid product. I think a few people have given this Les Paul a rep of just being a "Starter Guitar". Trust me when I say, I have no problem leaving my Les Paul Standard at home and taking this one to a gig. It plays well and the sound?? INCREDIBLE. It even has a great acoustic sound to it when not plugged into an amp. I can't say enough good things about this guitar it's that good. If you're thinking aout buying this guitar, don't. Just buy it!! BUY IT!!
It'd been about 6 years since I've had an electric guitar. I traded my old one off to pay a debt and just never returned. I decided recently after moving back to my home town that I was going to get back into playing electric guitar, only this time I wanted it to be more than a &#34;hobby&#34;. I fully intend on doing local gigs for fun and some side cash and this guitar will EASILY deliver.It came in perfect condition. The action is set perfectly and I don't have any issues with buzzing strings. It comes with clear (black) control knobs, which I'll likely replace with something a bit prettier. But overall this is a great guitar. It even sounds amazing, it really does have that ballsy sound of a LP..... because well 0_o it IS a LP. Its no Gibson, but it IS a LP!Very happy with this purchase!!!!
I am editing my previous review on this little guitar after taking the time to properly set it up, dial it in and play it for a while.  I edited yet again as someone didn't appreciate my "gloating" over other guitars I own.  Sorry to offend YOU.I made a knee jerk review (again) right after I got this.  But in all fairness I received my Gibson Les Paul on the same day, buying IT from my local music store and professionally set up, ready to go.  I was comparing apples and oranges, so to speak.  But now, even after comparing them to each other, they really aren't that far apart.The Gibson is the best guitar I've ever owned and made my previous comparison based on it.  But this little baby is now my second favorite.My other review was NOT FAIR!!!!!!  I paid a lot more for the Gibson and 149 bucks for this Epiphone.  Dollar for dollar this little Ephiphone is a steal!!!!  WOW!!!I must honestly admit, the edge goes to my Gibson, but not by as much as you'd think.  This little Epiphone is an outstanding guitar, regardless of price.  If I were to play them each blindfolded I would never guess one was $149 guitar, ever!  The tone of the Epiphone is much like the Gibson Les Paul.  It's easy to play, comfortable and has a sweet sound.  I can either rock out with it or mellow out and play the blues or classic rock.To be honest, I will probably play this Epiphone a LOT more than the Gibson.  After all, if I ding this one up I haven't broke the bank.  I think I'll tend to use this one a lot more than the other.I am very happy with this Epiphone Les Paul and will proudly play and OWN it.  I am amazed they can make this thing for the money they charge.  I may purchase another one and put it away as I'm sure the price won't stay this low.  PLUS, I'll get another one in a different color!!  You can never have too many guitars..  I am going to an a pickguard to this one.  The finish on it is outstanding and I'd like to keep it that way.If I were thinking of learning to play the guitar, this one is a no-brainer....BUY IT!!!If you're an established player looking for a really nice practice guitar, I'd buy this one is a heartbeat.  I was shocked at how sweet it sounds, how good it looks, how comfortable and light it is and how well it plays.  Sure it was way out of tune and required a few height adjustments but now it is FANTASTIC.New rule for me, no writing reviews until I own the product for at least one week!!!!!
this is a beautiful guitar...the finish is amazing...and the tone is very clear...if you can't afford several hundreds or thousand for a les paul...this is a fun and very good guitar for the money...has 6 strings,,,from e to e...and if you know the g chord you will have lot's of fun...the volume control goes to 11 ,if you want to kick it up a notch...(only kidding)
Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, EbonyHello again. I have written a review on this guitar just after I purchased it and now it's been over a year and I still stand by my positive review. I own about 8 guitars now and this guitar is one of two of my favorites. My other favorite is a Dean electric 12 string.  When I hold and play this Epiphone Les Paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something I could take on stage but it doesn't have the cost associated with a Gibson. What's also amazing is that it's still around a $150. It's well worth the noney. It stays in tune and it high quality. Well worth the money. I just purchased an electric/acoustic Epiphone ukelele today for my Chiropractor. I will review that later. If you are looking for a Les Paul guitar this is not one. Not his typical style although Amazon does sell one for about $250 so don't let the name fool you. It's still a very nice guitar though. Very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. I highly recommend this guitar. Buy it!  Thank you.
I've been playing for over 40 years. I currently own 60 or so guitars. My problem with LP's is they feel like a boat anchor around your neck, I've bought and sold quite a few. Another problem with real LP's, you only get one chance to drop one, just see how many used ones have head-stock repairs. They ARE beautiful guitars but not comfy for me to play. I deal in used guitars, picked up an Epi Special ll along with several other guitars at a resale shop for very cheap. I didn't mess with it until I was ready to set it up for resale. I fully expect to do a fret level on most guitars, even a lot of higher end guitars need it. I found on the Special ll the frets were actually very well done (Chinese version from 2011) and only needed a slight leveling (would have played fine without it but I am very picky). It didn't take much to get it set up, small truss rod adjustment, new set of 10's for strings. little bit of adjustment to the bridge, cut the nut a bit....note it played well the way I got it, just like my stuff perfect. Got it set-up and plugged it in to check the electronics and that's when I started to really become impressed with this guitar. Cheap pickups are supposed to sound muddy with no character, these sounded pretty good, actually very good, nice and bright with a nice tight bottom end. I check sound also by cranking up a backing track to stage level and playing a few tracks. It cut through really well. I noticed while doing this test that the volume had a very nice sweep to it and didn't lose any highs when turned down. The tone knob was also very usable with a good sweep, very nice. I popped off the back cover to check what was in there, full sized pots, maybe not the best quality but much better than expected. I normally upgrade electronics on my personal guitars to get the controls to operate the way I like but no need to fix what's not broken. Yup, I said "on my personal guitars" because I am keeping this one for myself. The neck is very fast and comfy, it's NOT a boat anchor so my shoulder will thank me. The tuners are the lower end trapezoid type but turn smoothly with no backlash and keep the guitar in tune fine, once again if it ain't broke don't fix it. Please note that most tuning problems are from a binding improperly cut nut. I've set-up hundreds of guitars and almost all of them need nut work, doesn't matter what price point you are at. This also has a bolt on neck. A lot of players say you have to have a set (glued) neck. I feel glue actually deadens the sound a bit, I prefer a good solid bolt on to transfer sound, IMO. I have found that the quality level of the low end foreign guitars has become very good. I know that corners have to be cut to get to the price point of these budget guitars but all in all the Special ll is good to go right out of the box with just a little tweaking. My advice is to go try one, my taste may not be the same as yours. There are a lot of good value well made guitars now-a-days, I just found at this price vs quality ratio the Epiphone Special ll really is special. Get one, get it set up for a few bucks if you can't do it yourself, and you will have a good instrument. Oh did I mention this is a very good looking guitar?
If you are considering this guitar, I have to assume you're shopping for an electric guitar at the lower end, not trying to decide between this and a Gibson Les Paul Custom.  It is in the category of beginner/intermediate guitars that I rate this a 5 star instrument.I really couldn't find anything "wrong"  with it.  Yes, it has shortcomings as compared to the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls, such as having only two controls for volume and tone, rather than four, which also means it has a slightly different look that the famous Gibson.  But you weren't planning to try to fool anyone, were you?  Beginning players would be well advised to focus on developing their skills and honing technique, rather than fussing around with tone controls anyway.The sound is good, and I found the appearance and finish of mine to be just fine.  The pickups are surprisingly good.  The same electronics are found on some of the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls.  It was no great surprise to find that the strings are no good, although it would sure be nice if they didn't cut corners on such an inexpensive component that is also integral to sound quality.As for fit and finish, reading the reviews has convinced me that there is a lot of variation in both, and it is luck of the draw whether you get one that was made on a Monday after a long weekend of partying.  For several reasons, if I had this to do over, I would not buy it online (nor would I buy it from GC).  Better to inspect the actual guitar you'll be buying, and don't be shy about asking them bring out another one if you don't like the first one you see.I discovered too late that my local music shop would have sold me this guitar for about the same price, but they would have included a full professional setup, including string change.  You are likely to find a similar deal where you live, because the smaller shops are having to do more and more to compete with the Internet and GC.As it is, I took my guitar to the local shop and paid for a setup.  It had some intonation problem, the action was too high, and as others have commented, the strings on this guitar need to be changed immediately.  I asked the luthier his opinion of the tuners, as I'd read a lot of people trashing the tuners.  Bearing in mind that he had a financial incentive to steer me toward replacing them, he instead assured me that they were fairly decent, and advised against changing them unless a problem develops.Out of the box, I was a little unsure of my purchase.  However, now that it's been fully set up  and new strings installed, I am quite pleased with this guitar.  I don't believe you will find a better guitar, or even close, at this price level.I did a lot of shopping, and considered guitars up to $500 for my first foray into electric.  I was tempted to go with something more expensive, on the theory that in a couple years, I'll want to upgrade anyway.  Now I'm glad I chose this one.  For one thing, this is a guitar I'll always enjoy having around.  There is nothing cheap or toy-like about it.  In 2-3 years, my tastes may change.  I may want something completely different down the road, and now I still have that option.  Had I gone with a more expensive model, I'd feel locked in.  No good!BOTTOM LINE:  If you're shopping for a guitar in this price range, I think you'll be pleased with this guitar.  Buy it locally so you can see the exact guitar you're buying, and negotiate to have a setup included, because it will almost certainly need one.  Have it set up right, install some quality strings, and you'll be very happy with the Epiphone LP Special II.
Pretty sweet guitar for the price. Sounds like and plays like a Les Paul. I really like the vintage sunburst color (It's more orange than what the picture shows). The strings were setup on the nut close to the fret board the way I like it already when I got it. I just replaced the strings with heavier strings for personal preference. Overall, sounds and looks awesome! Would recommend it for anyone on a budget that wants the sound of a Les Paul.
My axesEpiphone LP Studio deluxe plustopFender MarauderTakamine G320Squier Standard StratSquier Standard PJ bassBeen playing 20 years.I had a Squier bullet and it was a cheap guitar I didn't care about that I could keep next to the couch to play rocksmith with. But it got old and I wore the frets out so I needed a new cheap guitar for rocksmith. I picked up the LP special 2 in black at Guitar Center for $130 and they kicked in free strings.Bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.My LP Studio had it's pickups replaced with the Zakk Wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. Imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. Considering this thing is almost the same prices a Bullet Squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. You literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the Special 2.....Sound: 5/5Two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.The pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.The pickups are high output and feel like AlNico more than Ceramic. Not sure which they have.So much sustain for a bolt on neck. I was shocked.Build Quality 4/5I did have 1 problem with the high E tuner. I didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4" up out of the headstock. When I discovered this I loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.Intonation required no adjustment.Action was exactly the way I like itNeck was straight with no fret buzz or excessive bow.The finish was perfect. No nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.Neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. Damn good for a bolt on.Hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.Back bending headstock and 3x3 orientation mean no string trees which makes tuning much more stable.The bridge is similar to my LP Studio with the tunamatic setup. Individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, IE can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.Weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but I soon got used to it. No pickguard and it doesn't need one. Lots of relief between strings and body. You won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. Makes it easy to clean too!Truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.Frets were smooth, rounded, and played nice. Could use a little buffing for silky smooth but not rough.Neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. I would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.500k pots and side body 1/4 TRplug keeps the cable out of the way.Overall 5/5Came with hex keys for setupCame with an awsome poster with all the Epiphone guitar modelsCame with a nice bumper stickerNo manualBody was packed in foam shroud with foam blocks, about the same as any other $150 guitar.Summary: This guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument I own. It sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. IT's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. The frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical Affinity or Bullet (2 squiers in this price range).I would say this guitar is suitable for all styles of music. I did blues, metal, country, and pop. The pickups are humbuckers which means they are darker and higher output than a Fender, not as much of those nice Fender bell like tones and chime but it makes up for it with power and clarity.One thing I like about Epiphones and Gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. This makes it VERY easy to palm mute and play with high gain. I lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my Strats the damn volume knob is in the way.As an experiment I took the pick up pole scews out of the bottom pickup to see if I could get a single coil sound out of it. What happened was a mess because of the parafin wax which got EVERYWHERE. The tone was a little brighter and output a little lower, still no hum but you wouldn't fool anyone into thinking it was a single coil. I ended up putting the screws back in.I will likely put my LP Studio stock pickups back in (hell yeah coil tapping here I come!) and move my EMG 81/85's in this LP Special 2 and make myself a nice little metal guitar.Do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. It's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years.
This guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box.  I am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth.  I am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading.  This guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture.  So expect it to be a different color than what you order.  See customer pics.It comes with strings installed and almost tuned.  The volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use.  The tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming.  My only gripe is that the high E string gets caught on the top pickup when I'm playing hard, but maybe I'm just a novice.  I will say that it's very easy to play.Everything on it is very adjustable which I also like.  The only BUYER BEWARE statement I can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it!
I purchased this when it was on sale during the Christmas season - I figured that for the asking price at the time I could not go wrong.My expectations were frankly low. I had heard nothing but horrible things about Epiphones, with the main complaint being they would not stay in tune. Other complaints included poor overall quality and terrible playability. What I received was the polar opposite: I received an instrument with a strikingly beautiful finish, and one that stays in tune (amazingly it was close to being in perfect tune when I unboxed it.)I am not wild about the strings that came stock, but I am a drummer and suffer the same disappointment about heads that ship with new drums. I guess guitarists expect to change strings on a new guitar the same way drummers do when it comes to heads. In the near future I intend to restring the guitar withD'Addario ECG25 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Light, 12-52, which, while thick, should make the instrument jazz-friendly. I realize that flatwound strings will require a new set-up and intonation, but considering how good the guitar is and how relatively little it cost me, the new strings and work will be an investment.Out of the box, though, the action was reasonably low and the frets appeared [to my novice eyes and fingers] to be properly dressed. I have already invested in a good - but not great case:Guardian Hardshell Electric Guitar Caseto store the guitar (I also uploaded a customer-provided photo on this page that shows the case and how well the guitar fits.)For the record, I use the following amp, which I have also reviewed that is a perfect match to this guitar:Kustom Defender 15 Watt Class A Guitar Headthat I run through aKustom  The Defender 1 x 12 Guitar Extension Cabinet for 5H Head.Bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. The price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year.
Listen,If you want an inexpensive guitar with great sound and easy playability, buy this one.  Period.I bought a black one to leave in the trunk while I was at work, in case the guys called for a practice session, so I wouldn't have to go all the way home to pick up my gear.I have other, way more expensive guitars, like a Gibson ES-335, Dean 12 string, and a Fender Strat, but I gotta tell you, I like this one soooo much I play it more than the others!  No kidding.And if it gets banged up, so what???  It costs a buck thirty!  Buy another.  In facte I bought 2 others with different finishes, just for a cheap change up guitar.Dig it.
I'm updating a previous negative review. I had some issues with this guitar when it arrived. I couldn't get it setup, the action was very high and I couldn't set the intonation. Notes at the 12th fret were very sharp, and I couldn't lower them with saddle adjustments. I missed one vital checkpoint, the bridge needed to be lowered. Setup is finished, and I can now agree with most reviewers. For the price, this guitar is far better than any others in the price range. I know my grandson will enjoy it, at least for awhile. If it ends up as a dust collector, I'm not out much on the purchase price. I'll add it back to my own collection, and upgrade the electronics.
I purchased this guitar after much thoughtful consideration of other possibilities, but the nearly universal high marks for this particular make and model finally persuaded me to go with this one, and I do not regret that decision.First of all, it is a beauty. Initially, I was a little disappointed in that very little wood grain shows through the orangish finish. (My guitar was made in China, which may account for the darker hue.) I thought I had wanted a lighter color, but the more I look at it the happier I am with what I have. Second, this instrument is no light-weight, either in heft or playability. It is solidly constructed, very well put together, and plays like a dream. (I lowered the action until I encountered some fret buzz, then backed off the adjusting screws just a bit; that's basically the only adjustment I've made, or likely will make.)It's been barely a day since the guitar arrived and, as yet, I've only played it unplugged. I can't wait to hear how it sounds amped up.
I have been playing for about 7 years now and have a Tak Jasmine Acoustic and a Jay Turser Strat knockoff.  I really love the Les Paul sound but my pocket book is not large enough for the Les Paul price.  I've read just about everything I can on these Epi's and finally went to my local Music store to try one out.  My initial impression was somewhat mixed.  The sound was good but the action seemed "off"  After playing a few scales and a couple easy chords I began to get a feel fro the action on this guitar.  Then I switched from the rear pickup to the front and BANG there was that sound I was looking for.  Classic Gibson Les Paul sound (in all fairness the amp was setup for a strat).  After playing around a bit more I asked to try one in the cherry finish.  They unboxed a new one for me and WOW this guitar looks AMAZING!  I sat down plugged it in and played a bit. Instantly I was in love.  The action was perfect (despite the some what heavier strings than what I'm used to).  The sound off both humbuckers was classic and playability of this guitar has to be tried to be appreciated.  Tuning is a breeze, and is held as well as any other guitar I own (I always retune before every session anyway).  Epiphone really did everything to capture that Les Paul sound in a economy guitar.  Yes I know you puriest will point to the bolt on neck, the cheaper humbuckers, the flat top construction, and the basswood body.  I point to the angled headstock, mahagony neck, rosewood fret board, and Gibson electronics.  I love the simple volume and tone controls (yea a little more knob spinning when switching between pickups) and the tun-o-matic bridge and tail piece is gonna make string changes a breeze (so much better than having the try to thread thru the body).  Even with my somewhat limited practice amp this guitar still sounds amazing, oh and the sustain from it well lets just say I hit a low E last night before I went to bed, and I think it is still reviberating in the amp this morning (lol  If your looking for a Les Paul sound at a discount price- consider this your answer. Oh and my local shop was able to give me this guitar at $20 less than any place else, AND they will do a FREE setup for me after I've played it for a while (so far it's been perfect out of the box).
Wow, you would have thought this was the Holy Grail when it arrived at my house.  My son practically ran to the UPS man when the truck pulled up.  He is thrilled with this guitar.  Great purchase.
I got this guitar at Guitar Center, i was scared to get this guitar from amazon because of a review saying it looked like a toy, so i wanted to see it in person, i saw it, i tested it out at guitar center and it was amazing, its better than my other les paul special ii, this guitar plays great, its set up very nicely, the pickups are very nice, the electronics work perfectly, i have no problems with it, but the guitar is very beautiful, i would highly recommend getting it, i just dont know if anyone elses will be the same, not all guitars are made the same right?
This is my third circuit breaker cable. I play in church and no one wants to here the "POP" if I have to leave the sanctuary. Why three: 10foot, 15foot, and 20foot depending on the setup for the group - I hate cable jump rope. I really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand I use.
So far I am a very satisfied customer with this cable.  For what is worth, while I have used these cables before, this is the first one I have ever owned, so I am no expert.
A nice concept that actually works, The cable is very nice, too with an adequate gauge. Try it out for yourself!
Wow, these cables are made really sturdy. And the noiseless feature is priceless. Definitely a real good value for the money.
30 feet of cable for what I paid for a 10 footer from my local guitar shop.I highly recommend!
I'd chose this cable cause I own an older one with the angle plug and needed another longer cable with the straight end. I like the idea that you can cut the power  and remove the cable from the instrument with having  mute the amp or mixer. I recommend this product to anyone who likes the ability to disconnect without doing anything else.
I purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. I only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. It sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. The controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. I have played "boutique" chorus pedals, and the Boss is loads better in every way. You will not regret this purchase.Pros:-easy to use-no hum-small-sonds awesome-indestructabecons:-NONEIf you want an awesome chorus that has been around forever, will last forever, and sounds incredible, get this.
I bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after I got my first guitar.  I've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound.  It's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound I want.  You might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet!
Very very good product! I have no complains about it.  Definitely a great buy and a Must have in your pedalboard.
First, let me start by saying this pedal has been part of my setup for nearly 7 years now and still looks/sounds as great as the day it came out of the box.Its a Boss product, which means you are going to pay for what you get.  You get the best bang for your buck with Boss products.  Solid, rugged construction that is built to last (no chance of breaking one of these things) and an outstanding analog stomp box with a genuine sound.  Good customer support as well and if you ever feel you need to sale your Boss pedal, resale prices are always good.While this pedal is capable of hundreds of tones and sounds (chorus is one of the most useful and versatile effects in my opinion)  Here are some of the best uses I have found.1. Tweak the pedal just to thicken your sound and give that 2 guitar effect.  Perfect if you want to fatten up that really heavy chorus in a song and make it sound really full.2. Dime out the speed and depth for those crazy out of this world Korn type effects.  This is a really handy pedal for imitating tones of other bands because it can do so much.  There are a lot of bands tones I can come close to exactly matching, tones that took them 2 or 3 pedals to achieve.3.  Liquify your sound and give a beautiful tone to cleans and leads.  This pedal will help simple parts that would normally go unoticed stand out.  If you play any kind of Christian music you will soon learn it doesn't matter what you do as long as you put chorus on it.  Walking in on Sunday morning and turn out some Slayer while using a chorus pedal and they will go nuts.  Chorus is just one of those effects no matter what type of music you are playing, you will always find a use for it, so there is no excuse for not adding this pedal to your rig.In addition you have some great features, easy access battery compartment, accepts a 9v power supply, works well with both guitar and bass, 2 out puts so you can run to 2 sources if desired, and all the controls you need to really be in complete control.  You HAVE to get this pedal!
Sweet chorus, I have the CE5, the CE20, a CE3 and this one. This chorus is my favorite, it sounds just right, the analog CE3 is awesome but too weak, Boss should include a level knob instead of a stereo control, anyway this one is a keeper!
OK... I am a pro musician & rely on gear that will stand the tests of the road. I was using an old Ibenez Chorus Pedal (one of the first to hit the market) of which I did not use much basically due to it's used for certain songs. I upgraded from using 2 separate pedal boards to a single unit & decided to buy the Boss CH-1 Super Chorus to add to the collection. After my first gig I removed the Ibenez Chorus Pedal because of the tonal superiority of the Boss unit. I am certain there are units that may boast of being better but, I have found through my 40+ years of playing that more money is not always better.Great tones! Easy operation! And it is the best bet for the money!
Man this is perfect! Some people says that the cs3 is noisy but I thinks that depends on what type of electric conections you got at home or place you play, if you don't have a independent circuit for your pedalboard there's gonna be a lot of noise, most of all bcuz of the compression (obviously)... For me this is PERFECT, doesn't make any noise with my conections... Tottally recommend this!
As a pro musician, I am always on a quest for better tone to expand and comply with different gig situations. I had a bad experience with a few Compression Pedals through my years only to toss them in the closet & give up on the thought.When I upgraded my pedal board, I decided to give the idea of adding a Compression unit to give my G&L; American Legacy (Stratocaster style guitar) more sustain at lower volumes. Boss is the company that dominates my effects board... I rely on their Chormatic Tuner, Digital Delay (2 of them), Line Switch & Direct Box almost every night (for gig & Practice).With a somewhat negative attitude going into this I had a great surprise to find that I really, really like this unit. It did what I wanted & then some! Great tone & sustain oozes from this little box & stays in the "On" position for most of the time I am playing my electric guitars, especially any Stratocaster styled guitar I own.
Guitarists have become a bunch of cork-sniffers. There are so many players more concerned with the name on the headstock of their guitar and their amp and the endless "boutique" pedals in their collections that many seem unable or unwilling to give a listen to "stock" gear, or anything that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.The fact is that if you're a gigging musician, and I am, you come to realize that all those subtle, detailed nuances of tone that so many want to obsess over get lost in the band mix, and in the poor acoustics of wherever you're playing.  Yes, we want to sound good to ourselves because that's inspiring, but frankly, I don't need $200+ dollar distortion/OD pedals to be inspired.I haven't owned a DS-1 in a long time, but recently got one because I was looking for a distortion pedal on a budget.  Frankly, I'd forgotten how musical this pedal is.  With the distortion set to minimum (it never gets clean) it's a good, moderate-gain overdrive that still lets your guitar's basic tone get through.  I play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing.  With the gain at halfway you get great AD/DC crunch.  And even with the gain maxed out you still get excellent note definition on chords.  What more could you want?  Sure, it's "old school" rock distortion. The usual "may not appeal to metalheads" caveat applies, maybe. Combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want.I also have a Barber LTD (great, relatively cheap "boutique" moderate gain OD that doesn't break the bank) and a Visual Sound Route 66, which is a tubescreamer clone (with much more gain) and a compressor in one pedal.  Both the LTD & Rt 66 have the usual TS9 midrange hump, though much less pronounced on the LTD.  What's refreshing about the DS-1 is that the strong mids are there, but the overall tone is not in the same realm as a tubescreamer, so it can sit well on a pedalboard and bring a different flavor to the party.  The tone on the DS-1 can get very bright, but as I indicated I play with single coils, and I have no problem finding sweet spots on the tone knob - I generally run it around 9-10:00.Overall this pedal is a steal - look around and find a used one for a good price. I'd considered a modtone Speedbox, but decided to go with the generally bulletproof Boss instead, for basically the same price.  I couldn't be happier.
I have had this pedal for about 15 years, just replaced the old one a month ago. It distorts sound, not quite the way you would imagine though. This effect sounds really good through a fat cab or a larger amp that can let the cabinet give the tone a little color. I use it through a Epiphone Valve Jr and a Marshall 2x12 stack with JTM45 on top and its fine. This thing through a Champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a EQ pedal.This does just what it says it does. One Volume knob, one tone, and one distortion knob. CRANK IT.
This pedal is a must have for any pedal board. I love the overdriven sound of this pedal in that it has a distortion element but not so distorted single notes are lost in the fray. Thirty some odd years and counting and still one of the best.
This was the first pedal I ever bought when I started playing guitar 15 years ago.  It's still in my primary set up!  The sound it puts out is very balanced:  you can get a subtle overdrive-like sound out of it, or a high-gain hard rock/80's metal sound out of it.  For those looking for insane crunch, this isn't for you.  Anyone that wants a nice, versatile pedal, this IS the one you want!
I find that if I play this pedal along with my Boss Super Chorus pedal, my guitar with Tex-Mex pickups captures a lot Gilmour's sound tonality.
This pedal has been on the market for a very long time and it was a smoking deal for a Boss pedal at $40. The pedal works great with almost any guitar pickup set but sings with my EMG powered Schecter and tube amp.Different distortion levels can be dialed in and to my surprise, it works good with a bass although bass players know they will lose some bottom end.The guitar universe always raves about Boss and the distortion pedals and how any guitar player should have one of the distortion pedals. Buy it and experiment with the gain and settings and find your favorite tone.I may buy another one and mod it to use with my bass.
This is the best deal ever my first pedal was a zoom 505 gfx and it was really electronic and synthesized sounding alot of echos and stuff. Honestly the best effect it held was the phaser/jet pipe effect. I got this today and man it sounds so crisp clean and evenly distorted. It does the job distortion and sustain best buy for a best price!! bodow!!! from Trinidad!!
I love these pedals. Inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking.This pedal received the gain and JCM mod.I will purchase more of these and will mod each and every one of them.This pedal is also good stock for a lead boost. Love this pedal.
I know, I know, many people hate on this pedal, calling it &#34;stale&#34;, and &#34;generic&#34;. The problem that they have is that they simply haven't found the right settings on the pedal and the amp, because, after all, the settings on both the amp, and the pedal do make a difference. One thing to note is that it is a bit on the quiet side in my opinion. I have a Digitech Bad Monkey, and I set the level on that to 2 so it matches up with the amp. With this pedal, I have to crank the level to make the clean tone the same level as the distorted tone.
This is an excellent distortion pedal for people who want a traditional rock sound. I use it with a Fender Mustang amp and an Ibanez guitar with good humbucking pickups. It's very easy to use and rugged. If you play metal, you might want to get the HardWire TL-2 instead; that pedal delivers more distortion (an insane amount, if necessary) and more tone control, but it's also more expensive. But you can easily boost the distortion achieved by the DS-1 by using it with your amp on an overdriven setting. The DS-1 is an excellent general purpose distortion pedal. I don't know of any other that achieves this level of quality in the same price-range.
First off I am no expert on these things but I can tell you in the brief period in which I have owned my DS-1 I have enjoyed playing/practicing a lot more with this pedal.  I have a Fender wannabe guitar, and a Fender Sidekick 10 which means my gear isn't the best but the pedal produces a wide variety of distortion and tone changes which keeps me interested.  I am having so much fun that I don't even notice my fingers hurt anymore.  Honestly, this is an essential buy when starting out along with headphones and a cord extension so the police don't come a knockin.(update Sept 2012)It is a year later and I have a much better guitar and amp and a lot more knowledge.  I am glad I got the DS-1 but for other reasons.  Sure it made me enjoy playing and practicing a lot more but I soon found the sound was off considering I like more blue and classic rock.  Again for the money I dont think you can beat it but more importantly when you have a few buck you can send it out for modification from Keeley.  Initially I had wished I went with and overdrive (OCD or Boss OD-3) but with the mod done by Keeley I have a super flexible pedal that cover just about all the sounds I need.  In closing, spend the $40 buck and get this....and then when you start wishing it could do more send it off to be modified and you will thank yourself later.
I have a lot of pedals...  In fact, I have 2 distortion and 2 overdrive pedals (though only the MT2 and the OD3 are regularly in my rig.)  This pedal won't give you a "cranked up tube stack" sound.  No...  Instead, it's very edgy and smooth as can be.  It has a mid-sweep knob on it to help sculpt your tone.  I usually use it as a mid-boost for solos.  You'll find that you get amazing sustain and a huge sound that you won't be able to replicate (easily... I'm sure the huge Boss distortion box comes close, but for the price...) with any other pedal.
I bought mine used three years ago and it works great. It works for a Metallica, Pantera type sound. You can also get good rock sounds with the gain turned down and eq. adjusted.
Its a great pedal, sound really crunchy, I got a peavy vyper sometime I use this If I want a crunchy style, but the amp I got is really good and has its own distortion styles, I use the heavy metal config on this pedal, I recomend it to anyone... does not introduce noise, I run it on the stock battery, it still works, you can make your guitar sound like Metallica or Megadeth, of course it also depends on a lot of things, like pickups, amp, etc..., I also have a very old little peavey practice amp, this blows away the distortion that it has with less noise and gives it a new life.Listen to it on the Boss website, I heard to it and then I thought the sound was not going to be similar because of the equipment used by them, but it does sound really really close. regards. forgive my english... not from the U.S
BY FAR the best distortion pedal out there. No doubt about that. Several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. I also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. It's great for medal. It have a nice punch to it along with a great &#34;cut&#34; so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. There are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. AMAZING
Bought it as a gift. Friend loved it very much.
I love BOSS pedals. I owned a DS-1 (Distortion) and a MT-2 (Metal Zone) for years, and loved them both. This one, is a good "meet in the middle" of those two. It's great if you want some really good bluesy distortion, or you can crank the color and get some thick distortion.As always, this pedal is very well constructed and sturdy. I love it.
very simple, very user-friendly,and the feature that is most important i think, versatile. the OS/DS and drive knobs allow you to chose between a very different bunch of tones. and also, for the money, a great deal. 100% recommended.
I first used this pedal when my green screemer died. A friend had and os-2 on hand and let me use it. I had used Boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. So I plug into the OS-2 and I was pleasently impressed with the range of distortion and overdrive the OS-2 pedal produced. I play through a '59 fender bassman and the mix of those tubes with this pedal produce some very sweet tones. I have also played this pedal through a solid state amp and I am still impressed. I have spent years searching for a pedal that could produce a nice tight churnch with a warm and low bottom end, my search ended with this pedal. I highly recomend this pedal to any rock, blues, metal, country, or punk guitar player.
This thing freaking rocks! I LOVE this pedal. I can't stop using it. Sometimes I just play long, drawn out chords so I can listen to this amazing tone [in combo with distortion on my amp - it's perfect metal!!]
excellentI like I am very happyI am looking for money for the following purchase for amazonthe pedal boss arrives in the time necessary thank you
I picked this up in order to boost my gain on my amp a bit.  It does a wonderful job of that (Drive set low and the level set high.  Tone set to taste.)  The additional noise it produces is relatively low, so you won't have any excessive staticy buzzing sound to deal with.  As with any other Boss pedals, it's well made and reliable.
Bought one of these 15 yrs ago used and it died a couple years back. This is one of my favorite overdrive pedals ever. Smooth tone, the right amount of gain, perfect to push a tube amp. Plus there are now dozens of (DIY or pro) mods available which add a lot more potential. Recommended.
This is a standard on my peral board along witht he Blues Driver.  This little yellow box is the most bang for your buck you are going to find in an Over Drive pedal.  It is tough, sounds like fire, and will serve you well.  For $50 there is seriously no better deal.
I use this pedal all the time now even more than the DS-1 . Great chrunch for the buck From classic blues to rock its very eash to dial the sound you want in.
I held out from trying the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive for many years.  Like many guitarists, my first distortion pedal was a Boss DS-1, which was durable and aggressive, but also extremely frustrating.  I might have formed some negative impressions about Boss, when it was probably unfair to do so.The SD-1 is widely owned and very affordable (usually around $50).  It's similar in a lot of ways to the Ibanez TS-9 Tubescreamer, except that a Tubescreamer reissue costs twice as much.  A lot of guitarists consider the SD-1 to be more of a "rock" overdrive, while the TS-9 is more of a "tube/blues" effect.  There's probably some truth to that, but both of them are excellent pedals.However, the SD-1 really impressed me with its transparency and versatility.  You CAN simply plug into it and use it alone with a clean channel.  But that isn't necessarily the best use for the pedal - it excels as a "booster" pushing an already overdrive amp, or stacking with other distortion/OD pedals.  One of the best settings is turning the Level all the way up and the gain all the way down.  This adds just a little bit of grit to your tone, and really sounds great.A feel that lot of people give the SD-1 mediocre reviews for reasons that aren't fair.  You hear things like "it cuts out too much bass", when that's really what the pedal is supposed to do.  The midrange hump, when set up properly, can take away the muddiness of your tone and help you cut through a band during live playing.  And, like I said before, I feel as if it's MORE transparent in retaining elements of the clean tone than the TS-9, though preference between the two is entirely subjective.But you also know that it's a Boss pedal, which means it's as durable as they come.  The thing will stand up to years of abuse, and can be used in any number of roles.  If you're looking for a single pedal to make a small amp sound "big", there are probably better options in this range.  (Try the under-appreciated MD-2 Mega Distortion, or the excellent Joyo Ultimate Drive).  But if you understand what this pedal is supposed to do and use it for that purpose, you'll understand why this thing has been popular for over 30 years.
Great as a booster, as others have said. For solos, it'll boost your mids and your signal. As an overdrive, it's great, kind of a midsy, Marshally sound. It does suck out some of the low end, but you can fix that on your amp or board or whatever. It's a Boss, it's solid - and a great price. Remember, this is overdrive - not distortion. For distortion, look at other Boss pedals.
I have several overdrive pedals, some of which are much more expensive than the BOSS SD-1. For a long time I overlooked my SD-1 and used other pedals. But when I went back to trying the SD-1, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this relatively inexpensive pedal is superior to some of the pedals I had been using. I don't mean merely that it's "very good relative to its price"; I mean that it's "very good--period." It easily outclasses some pedals for which I paid much more. The price for this pedal sometimes goes down to about $45 on Amazon. At that price, it's an amazingly good deal. Note: This is definitely an overdive pedal; it will not deliver metal distortion (at least not by itself). If you want to ride the crazy train, look elsewhere (like Deltalab's Metal Distortion pedal). What this produces is smooth old-style overdrive. It's excellent. It sounds especially good through a dash of chorus. I plug my SD-1 into a Fender Mustang II amp and turn on the amp's chorus; the result is delicious. I've used the SD-1 with both single-coil and double-coil pickups. Both sound good, though, not surprisingly, you get a heavier punch with a humbucker. But it sounds great with single-coils too.
Forget all the volume drop comments.  There isn't any and it does not color your tone one bit.  I have tried a couple miniature novelty pedals. They were more like a boost volume and tone pedal with tremolo thrown in.  I wanted something to dress up slow ballads, and of course "Born On The Bayou".  This pedal goes from nice subtle background effect to deep depth if you want it.  And no variance in your guitar tone or volume when you click it on. I play a lot of acoustic solo and this really is a nice addition to change up my sound here and there and not over do it.
Sure there are fancier Tremolo pedals out there, but I've always been a fan of the Boss TR-2. It's got a more mellow and vintage Fender Tremolo output, and suits my playing to a T. Pair this beauty up with an Electro-Harmonix Cathedral Reverb pedal, and get lost for days. Definitely worth the reasonable cost!
This tremelo pedal works nicely and it's great when you're playing through an amp without tremelo. Problem solved! The price was also very good.
This is a great Tremolo pedal.It is very quiet and when used correctly, there is absolutely no signal drop or volume drop whatsoever.You can blend the Tremolo type from a smooth sinuous pulsing waveform to a sharper edged "on/off" type tremolo.Tremolo varies the volume of the sound. It does not vary the pitch.You have control over the "depth" or "amount" of effect, and you can control how fast the effect pulsates the sound.A very simple, popular effect that I wouldn't want to live without in some form or another.Pretty teal green color.As with all Boss products they are built like a tank and generally last forever if they are not abused or damaged.I have no idea how fast this pedal eats batteries because I use a power supply.There is no on/off clicking when depressed.There is no added hiss, hum or distortion.The battery compartment is easily accessed without having to unplug anything.Simply a great effect and quality product from Boss and tends to hold its resale value well.
I've played this pedal for a while now and really dig it. I'm old school, Fender Blues Deluxe reissue and Strats and Teles, this pedal has a great, warm, organic feeling tremolo that I use a lot. You can barely bring it in for some warmth, or really crank the speed and depth for a great sort of rotary speaker effect.I'll use it with the rate set at tempo for a song and record clean guitar chords up on the middle of the neck. This effect will give you a nice almost Hammond B-3 type of organ sound.
This is a superb tremolo pedal: [1] Its dials allow for enormous control of the effect. [2] It's very sturdy--an often-noted feature of BOSS pedals. Further, [3] it's utterly easy to use, [4] allows for both 9v battery and power supply/adapter operation, and, most important of all, [5] it delivers beautiful tremolo. (Note: It comes with a 9v battery installed, but it does NOT come with a power source/adapter.) If the price is more than you're willing to pay, consider the DANELECTRO COOL CAT TREMOLO. This also delivers good tremolo, but it does not allow for as much sound-manipulation as the BOSS product; it's still quite good, but the BOSS takes the prize. I paid about $75 for mine and have zero regrets.
I own three units capable of tremolo: Boss TR-2, Line 6 MM4, and the Boss SL-20 Slicer (like a tremolo on steroids). Plus my amp is a Twin Reverb so it too has tremolo. If you are unfamiliar, tremolo modulates the volume as if turning it up and down rapidly.The Boss TR-2 is the simplest of the three stompboxes to operate, with three controls: "Rate" of modulation, "Depth" of modulation (how much does the volume vary), and a "Wave" shape (jagged, square, or somewhere on a continuum in between). Unlike the other Boss stompboxes I own (CE-5 & PH-3), the TR-2 does not seem to compress sound so that it seems like you're "playing in a fishbowl" (as another reviewer puts it).The "Wave" control is what gives the unit its sonic versatility, so it is a nice feature to have. Most tremolos have it, but not all. For the price, it can give you a decent set of classic tremolo sounds with nothing too crazy. It is the unit that Tom Morello uses on "Guerilla Radio," and it does well with tremolo classics like the Smiths "How Soon Is Now?" I hear no volume drop problem like other reviews suggest, and this is something I am sensitive to because I generally turn modulations on/off over the course of a song rather than leave them on full time.Like all Boss stuff, the box is sturdy and I like their big, quiet footswitches over any of the little, clicky ones on other units. The color is a sort of a dull military dark green, not the most attractive thing but not bad either.The small Boss effects do not come with a power cable, so you will have to factor that into the cost. Boss instructions tell you that you need their particular adapter, but I don't know anyone who says this is a must. I run it off a pedalboard power supply and it seems to work fine. If it didn't I would not buy Boss product period.Bottom Line:(1) Gives a decent array of basic tremolo sounds, nothing crazy(2) Not a bad price (factor in a power cable)(3) Simple to operate(4) Nice casing and footswitch; drab color
Wanted a way to plug in my BOSS ME70 to save on batteries. Didn't want to drop the money on a BOSS PSA, so I got this one instead which does the same job, just for less money.
I got this to power my Danelectro Honeytone amp since it eats batteries like candy.  It's a power adaptor, so it isn't too exciting, but it works fine.
I use this mostly with my Honeytone mini amplifier and Reel Echo tape echo simulator. Works very well with no problems. A lot of Danoelectro pedals may eat up batteries and this is a great alternative when you have access to Ac voltage outlets.
I was having some problems with my Ego Compressor comp getting noisey, sent it back and found out that It Had been using a slightly drained battery, so I got one of these and it is great, nice and quiet again, half the price of the boss one.
This is the best little guitar pedal adapter I've used, and I've used many over the last three decades. It's exceptionally quiet, which many are not, and it puts out 9.6 volts, which will drive your pedals a little more solidly than all but a brand new alkaline battery. And you won't have to buy a new one every dozen hours!I've used this on a splitter to drive three pedals, but at four and up I can hear the current drop a bit. Still, that's a good thing because it reminds me that tone comes from my fingers, not a box on the floor. But it sure is nice to have some Gilmouresque delay, and a little extra gain driving the tubes, and this is the best 9v adapter for pedals available that I know of, including the Boss ones. Dan has released some cool, well-made pedals in the past 15 years, and this little wall wart is a worthy companion.A very good deal at 15 clams.
...is a must if you have any of the Danelectro/FAB pedals.  As anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, this is the solution.  You get one of these and hook it up to a power splitter (Search for Visual Sound One Spot Multi-Plug 5 Cable) and you are good to go for up to 5 pedals!  No more battery swaps, no more searching for a 9-volt every 5 minutes...
What can I say lower priced than most and very low distortion I could Not hear the hum but for multi pedals to save on cost I use a godlyke power supply but this Is a good power pack.
Got this to use with the Behringer compressor I ordered with this. They are not indicated as compatible but it worked great! Price was right. I already own two and had no problems. Quiet. No hummmmm. Buy it if you need a wall wart.
My first wah was a Morley Steve Vai Bad Horsie. I loved it. It's a switchless pedal that I put through hell. I had it for 3 months before I had to send it back cause it broke. It's still an ok pedal but I wanted the ability to leave the pedal "open" to achieve a certain warm sound. That's when I went looking at the cry baby.At the local retailer they had several different kinds of cry babies set up. I put this one against the Hendrix, Classic, and 95-Q cry baby pedals and this basic one sounded by far the best. The only one that sounded better was the 535Q but at over $200 it was out of my price range. I paid $97+tax for my GCB-95 cry baby and it was worth every penny. I don't even touch my Morley anymore. It's cry baby all the way
I've been using a Crybaby for going on 30 years now.  Some guitarists claim that having them in your signal chain affects your tone in a negative way.  Well, I've never noticed.To me these always feel perfect.  Also, you can adjust which part of the sweep you're using very easily - ie if you want more treble or bass you just the little "comb" that moves the wheel on the pot.I've tried other wahs.  Morley doesn't do it for me, and the Vox is very good, I just have always gone with what I knew.  No complaints with the Crybaby.
I got this pedal cause is not so expensive, and I love music. I used to play in big concerts but no more but I can tell you that for the price is good who ever wants to have some fun and learn how to use a pedal.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...Now that's a Fun king wah wah!!It's big, it's hard and it's heavy but when you turn it on you understand why this is the original. It sounds exactly like how i always imagined, like in all those records...This one gets the big 5 for being everything i wanted it to be!
Great pedal, but if you pull it open and put in a couple of cheap mods, this thing is absolutley rediculous!  It's a boutique pedal with only a little time and solder.
In my opinion this is one of the finest pedals to exist. The crybaby is still on my pedalboard and will be for as long as I can foresee.
WaWa pedals come and go, and get modded and re-thunk....But I always wanted an original Cry Baby... So this was a birthday gift to myself.Not disappointed.Down the road I MAY add some of the gazillions of electronic mods available now to personalize the sound, but for the time being I'm gonna enjoy this pedal "As-Shipped".Very Good Buy, Great packaging, earlier-than-expected delivery - Thanks Amazon !
Sounds like my original.  Enough said.  Great pedal and it is still built like a tank.  I do appreciate that on this version, one can use a pretty standard AC adapter. A+.
this is my first petal of  any kind.  I had read that the Wah shoud be your first so I went with that.  glad I did.  this Wah petal is so much fun.  you can make as many cool sounds as your imagination will allow.  It is hours and hours of fun.  the sounds are great.  I have had no problem with performance.  it works as it should.  I highly recommend this petal.  it's price is attractive as well.
I love this wah. It's just perfect. I really can't find any negative about it. It's just a perfect standard wah. You won't regret this purchase at all. Just put a good analog fuzz after it & you're good to go.
I've got a MXR MC404 CAE for my concert line pedals... but this one is the one I use for local gigs and home use with Fender Telecaster and Hot Rod.
Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. A great pedal, well made!
the orig, still the best! do you like guitar music? chances are good you know the sound this pedal makes. it is the one. my only stand alone outside a multi effects unit
The Cry Baby has proven itself since the 60's. It is a very well made pedal that is a must have, if you play any classic rock. It takes a bit of practice to master, but when you have mastered it; you can take your music to a different level.
Some things just don't need to change. Some Wah pedals try to tempt you with built in fuzz, eq, or other wacky add-ons but WHY? I'd rather have one pedal that does its job perfectly than a pedal that does a bunch of stuff but sounds less than great. The Crybaby is a great effect to have for any style; everyone from Jack White to Jimmy Hendrix have used some incarnation of this pedal. It's a must have and that's really all there is to say.
I keep a capo in each instrument nothing wore than showing up without one. I am using this on my Martin 12-string. The spring holds tight but can easily be adjusted with one hand.
Best 12-string capo I have ever used--and that's over decades.  Works easily and flawlessly.  Very well made.  Five Stars
This is my 6th Kyser capo.  This one for my new Ovation 12 String CC245 is what I needed.  I always recommend all Kyser Capos.They last forever and do not lose the strong holds.
If you play 12 acoustic you gotta get this one.  Just a hair longer on the padded area which is what  you need.  You can tell them from the 6 string version by the ridges being much closer together on this one.
This capo does exactly what it should.  It clamps the strings tight to there is no buzz and it does not change the tune of the guitar when used.  I have 4 Kyser capos, one for each of my guitars and will never buy another brand.
This is for theKyser Banjo/Mandolin CapoThis is one of three capos I use for a ukulele.  It works, and is my second favorite.  I can park it on the headstock of my ukulele, and it is easy to add, move, remove. With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used. It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  I like how the trigger portion sticks upwards, and does not get in the way like myDunlop Trigger Banjo Capo, Black.  My favorite is still the G7th capo.  This is a close second to the G7th.My only nitpicky complaint is how it is not eligible for Amazon Prime.  UPDATE:  I just saw that this capo is eligible for Amazon Prime.  Free shipping for Prime members!!!For the price and quality, this Kyser capo works on a uke. Highly recommended.
works great, stays out of the way... cant ask for much more than that. (and expect to get it) the price was half of what i was locally.
It says for a Banjo or a Mandolin but ukulele is the first instrument listed on the box. It is just the right size to clamp over four strings and taking it on/off is really easy.
A very strong capo..too strong for bigger instruments, but works good on ukes and mandolins and banjos with not too thick of a neck.  I have several of these capos, one for each instrument.
Bought this for my husbands Mandolin and he loves it, it works great, we swear by Kyser that's all we use on our guitars is Kyser capos, great product, no complaints and the price is worth it.
Works great with my Baritone Ukulele.  Same quality as my full size acoustic guitar capo.  Easily fits in my ukulele case, too.
It's a very cute little capo. It works great on my ukulele and mandolin but of course it's hard to use because when you get into the higher frets the frets are VERY small. But it works.
I use this capo all the time on both instruments. A friend of mine saw it and asked me to order them one also. I did and they love it!
I have several types of capos, this one seems well built.  A little bulky for 5 string banjo especially if you are fingering near it.  I really don't need to change that fast so use it very little, might use more in a performance setting but that is a ways off.
You can never go wrong buying a Kyser capo.  They are made to last and really do what they are designed to do.  The great thing about this capo is that it fits both my banjo and mandolin so I don't have to have a seperate capo for each.I also have a capo for guitar made by Kyser and I can tell you that works just as well.  You can never go wrong with a Kyser.  Not only that I like the idea that it's an US company.  I've had some cheaper capos and they just don't do the job.  They either don't press down on the strings hard enough or they wear out too quickly if they get used much.  This Kyser will last a long, long time.
I've been using one of these Kyser's for a good while now. I only have one so it usually stays with the mandolin but works just as well for my banjo. If you never used one, it's makes it MUCH easier to change keys although I usually only use it when I'm playing chords, when I solo I like to play with open strings and this makes it a breeze to pop off and put back on. With a little practice you'll be able to do it quickly without having the strings buzz.
This is such a nice bag for the price.  Nicely padded with an ample zip compartment that can hold your snark, capo, or whatever.  There is a handle and a shoulder strap.  Plus, it is reallly a nice looking bag, black with a little white trim in front.
These are the best strap locks in my opinion, good quality, easy to install and remove, secure, and they look good.  All my guitars have these locks on them and I'm very satisfied.
best strap locks ive ever used, dunlop has always had great products.easy to install and i highly recomend them to any bass player
Almost dropped my bass on the floor a couple days before i got these bad boys. When I put them on I felt confident that I wouldn't have that issue anymore. It's easier to strap up because of the quick release tab. This should be every bassist/guitarist's best friend.
I had to actually follow the instructions and drill holes as specified, then it worked like a charm!  Glad I got them, much less hassle tuning up for a gig.
These strap locks were easy to install and use right off the bat. You may have to drill deeper holes into your guitar in order to use them. Just follow the instructions and you can easily attach and detach your strap whenever you feel like it.
I've tried a few different straplock options and these are the best. Not only do they securely hold the strap to the guitar they also look pretty good. Highly recommend.
Great product, I've use them before and have always thought they were top quality.  They aren't much larger than the originals that came with the guitar and that extra piece of mind is great!  Easy installation without any modification (at least on mine) and they connect/hold very solid.  Just make sure the buttons are all the way in or you could have mishap ;)
they work well. For me, the instalition wasn't that hard, it took me maybe four or five minutes. The screws provided were a bit bigger than my BC Rich Avenge Beast's stock strap system, BUT when you read the directions and lube the screws up with a small amount of bar soap (or wax- i used the bar soap though) the installation becomes easier.Once you put your strap in, its NOT comming out unless you try hard to undo the system, lol.If you need to clean your guitar strap, take off the locking pin and use a flat head screw drive to pop off the retainer clip. Its a quick and harmless way to do it and it may take about a minute or two to undo both strap locks. Its not that hard though and the reward is worth it.
No complaints about this hardware.  Easy to install with patience, easy to use.  The click on/off system securely holds your strap, and prevents the strap binding from slipping off the post.These work like a light switch...on/off, so I'm not sure how you can rate them as poor.  There aren't really any directions, so it takes a little mechanical knowledge (just a little...it's not rocket science) to make them work.Quality metal, secure function, and easily replaces posts on instruments already equipped with standard strap posts.I've installed these on a 3/4 Hoener, Full Sized Squire Acoustic, and 2 Fender Strat's.
Very easy to install, rock solid, and in my opinion, look much better than Schaller locks.Grab a set, you wont be disappointed.
This product is a must.  Why?..... because it makes strap install and removal so simple and reliable,...and when the strap is clipped into place it is secure.  I've owned numerous Straplok systems on the various bass guitars I've owned, and would not ever own an instrument without installing this system.
I have two sets of these for my straps.  The push button action is most convenient vs. fighting stubborn leather openings, especially if new.  The gold finish matches my instrument's hardware and they are sturdy and durable.  Works for me!
It's worth a few extra dollars and a little extra time to install these. It sure beats fixing a cracked neck, headstock, or guitar body after a guitar slips off the strap pins and falls for a great height!
Oh Yeah, Love this item, sleek looking and very easy to maintain, would definitely buy again for next strap, thank you Jim Dunlop.
I have had these on a Les Paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars.  Does what it says it will do - keeps your strap locked on.  I have had zero issues with these.  The installation takes 2 minutes, and has stood up to countless hours of play.  Highly recommended!
these dunlop straploks are amazing! never had them fail on me, and always gave me a good piece of mind knowing that my guitar is safe from hitting the floor on stage or at home, they stay secure when done properly, I've looked at other strap locks and tried some others but the dunlop ones just seem to work, and work well.
Very high quality they look as nice as my Fender originals .  Make sure to take your time installing them correctly and consider using a quality wood glue / adhesive during installation.  You want to make sure they can be removed at a later date without damaging the guitar .
i've had these straplocks for a few years now and they haven't failed me once! i love them, and i never have to worry about my guitars getting damaged from a strap falling off or so. they rotate in full circles, and are super durable. you should buy them for all your guitars, and you'll never have to worry again. they are also very easy to use, and &#34;install&#34;.
This is the first time I've used the Dunlop Straploks system.  I've always used the competition.  These work just as well.  I guess you just have to make sure you lube the little ball bearings once in a while.
I have never owned a Straplock system prior to owning these Dunlops, and boy am I amazed!  Every straplock system I've used in the past, on friends' guitars, semi-permanently mounted the strap to the guitar - often with extra ties and all manner of things that made it impractical to detach the strap on a whim.  In contrast, these locks have a mechanism that make it trivially easy to pop the strap on and off - it's great!  Better still, the hardware fit almost perfectly into my existing screw holes, making installation trivial.  And the new posts are so close in size and shape to the old ones that I think I could slap any strap onto my guitar in a pinch, using the posts like the OEM ones.  This is a great system, and I would highly recommend it for anyone who uses a strap on any electric guitar.
I've been using the same Straploks on all my guitars for the past 10+ years.  I have not had one fail on me ever.  Just be sure to tug on it after you put your strap on to make sure it's on right.  I've struggled with the C clip in the past, but what are you going to do?  It's a one time thing when you first install, so it's no biggie.
Quick snap on and off. Sturdy.  If it is not convenient, it won't be used.  In this case, it is very convenient and easy to use, hence, your prized guitar will not drop to the floor by accident.  Well worth the money spent!
Installed on two guitars and I love them! I can switch out many different guitar straps without worrying that they will fall off. Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
These are great.  I have these on all my guitars.  Only problem is the clip on install to the strap.  If you can't get it done google for install videos which will show you how to use a pliers to push the clip into place.  Once installed you are good for life.
I've been using these straplocks for over 10 years now and never had a guitar or bass break free on me either live or in the studio...they simply work and cost next to nothing to boot. Folks, this is the best insurance you can buy for protecting you precious instrument from popping off of you strap, even if you do some serious gymnastics on stage it's not going anywhere. This is a must have, just buy it!
I'm in love with the dual design system! It works extremely well and allows me to switch between straps easily and quickly. There is one downside to this system, as the strap that is used will be fairly far away from the guitar itself. Which might not be a bad thing considering wear and tear on the guitar from the strap. There was one hiccup while putting this together for the first time. One component, which was this thin but big washer was pretty hard to install and the directions weren't much help either. The directions did have it on there where it is supposed to go, but I didn't know the name of the piece nor could I readily find it in there. After that, I installed this into my new guitar and strap and, I was ready to go. I HIGHLY recommend this! It is much easily to switch out straps w/o the possibility of striping the screws or boring into the screw hole and cracking some of the wood in the process.
I have used Dunlop Straplocks for 32 years. I bought the original style years ago for my Strat, Les Paul and Partscaster; the last two having the most weight.These things have lasted through gigging and anything else i can throw at them with no problem. I ordered strap pins only a few months ago to put on a few more recent guitars and one of the push button locks finally went out. It was on the strap I used the most for the heavier guitars so I got some mileage out of that thing. I ordered a whole set of new ones here last month and put the locks on a new strap and the buttons on another guitar.I suggest these over the other brands - watch what touring bands use. These things lay flat and there are no protruding parts to catch. If you happen to be without a strap with locks on it, these new pins can be used like regular pins but are larger so a strap will be pretty much secure.The price is good, price them anywhere else and include shipping. I always buy strings, picks or other stuff to get free shipping.
Good Quality, great price, easy to install, easy to lock and unlock, fast delivery. Better than going to the always overpriced Guitar Center.
I always purchase Grovers for my guitar straps but my 2014 Gibson Les Paul Standard Plus had a bigger strap knob so I bought this Dunlop and it fit the guitar perfectly. A good guitar is a big investment and you owe it to yourself to protect your investment with a good strap locking system.
I went a long time convincing myself that I didn't need these.  I had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance.  These solved the problem.  I still check, but they just won't pull out or release.
These guys are rock-solid and really easy to install. Any time I get a new instrument I change the stock buttons out for Dunlops!
I have these on my Jazz Bass, my guitar player has another brand. We were playing a HUGE downtown street gig in Altanta and were throwing T shirts to the crowd. Bending down, picking them up, then throwing. My guitar player had a different lock system, and his $1000 Les Paul fell to the stage, completely knocking it out of tune. Mine stayed locked perfectly...
they work. its great not worrying about dropping your instrument on stage. ive done it  it sucked! worth every penny!
Have them on four guitars. Never a malfunction. Easy installation and use. Watch out for bridge interference when screwing in the back lok. Might require a slightly shorter screw on some basses.
These are really great guitar locks!! I use them on all my guitars, and I would highly recommend them to anyone!!
These work just like you want them to.  But a new strap and put these on right away.  It's worth it.
i have purchased 5 of these strap locks. i would recommend them to all. they work good. very solid hold. thanks
Again I feel line I work for Dunlop.....I don't just love the products .all my guitars and Basses have these locks
I put a pair of these on every guitar that I own.  I have a lot of extra strap clips around since I have many more guitars than straps, but these are great; they are all plenty tough, and if I find myself with my Straplok'd strap, it's nice that these work fine with a normal strap in a pinch.
Do as the manual says, lube them up every so often, and these will work like a charm. I got these after an unfortunate incident with my strap slipping off of the strap button, and taking a chip out of the binding. The black ones work well with most finishes, and it works with most straps, as long as the ends aren't ridiculously thick. Inside of the box, it came with 2 screw sizes. One thing to note however is that these make the strap protrude much farther out of the guitar than normal. No biggie however, as most straps are adjustable, so just adjust for the change in strap position, and you're golden!
My bass had original-equipment Dunlops on it, but they were silver-tone, whereas all my other hardware is gold.  And after 30 years, they looked kind of dirty and tarnished.  So, I knew it was time for a new gold set, and I couldn't be happier with their look and quality.  I have used that other S-brand on other instruments, and really prefer the Dunlops.
About 4 years ago,  one of my friend dropped his bass and its body broke in half. that bass had regualr strap button, ever since then he use this dunlop straplok system. i recently built a bass myself and i install this one. it's very easy to install, very straight forward to use it. it holds my jazz bass without any problem. i would buy this from now on for all my electic guitars.
These are the ONLY straplocks I use, and I have them for ALL of my guitars.  They are the only ones I trust.  They are solid, secure, and they look great.  And the push button release makes them pretty convenient too, without sacrificing security.  Love 'em!!
This the second set of strap locks that I've owned. They are a little difficult to attach to the strap if the thickness of the strap is a bit on the thicker side. The quick release and secure connection are great.
I hate spending 13 bucks on a couple little pieces of hardware that probably cost 13 cents to make, but its better than the 20 bucks local music shops want for this same set.  Overall they work really well and look sharp.  They fit perfectly on my Schecter Hellraiser.  Very happy with my purchase.
I play guitar and keyboard and, sometimes, I need to quickly put guitar on my back to play keyboards. I would not do that without this straplok.
The first thing I do when I get a new instrument, is put a straplok on it before gigging with it.They're easy to install, I haven't had one fail on me yet.I have straploks on nine instruments right now, and I just ordered another for my new bass...I can't recommend them highly enough!
I&#8217;ve used strap locks before and never found any to be easy to attach or remove but these are well made and easy to use. Very secure. The best I&#8217;ve used so far.
Strings are half the battle with stringed instruments. A bad pair of strings on a nice instrument sound awful, and a good pair of strings can make a cheaper instrument sound tremendously better. Either way, stringes drastically effect the sound of an instrument at any price point. These strings make my cheap ukulele sound not-so-cheap, and I imagine they would do even more wonders on a uke of a higher price point. I also play guitar and Martin is one of my choice brands for strings so I figured they wouldn't let me down when I decided to play the ukulele - I was correct.
I've been playing the uke since before they became popular again and must confess I own a quiver full of the addictive things (ranging from plywood beaters to a solid wood art object with an electric in between). Over the years, I've tried several different brands of string. The truth is there was nothing wrong with any of them. It's just that the Martin M600 strings seem a little bit more compliant than the others and this allows me to tease out a bit more articulation and tone. Given that string changing is a frequent occurrence with multiple instruments to fuel, the Martin string set's relatively low cost is a nice bonus.
Great replacement string  for your ukulele, great to have on hand in case or replace your strings after you get your uku.
Works as it should. Nice materials and I think it will be durable. Simple to attach to your mic stand and adjust as needed. It will improve your recordings, getting the pops and sssss out of your sound without having to do sound processing as much anyway.
Don't even hesitate buying this thing. It's everything you need. It's a pop filter. It clamps on to anything that isn't over about an inch and a half in thickness.It gets the job done. Buy it.
For the price, this is the perfect pop filter... really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile...
no complaints.  attaches firmly and does the job.  Can't beat it for the price.  Order this with eyes closed.  Great deal.
Pop filter works great. This really eliminated many subtle flaws I had with audio recording. Granted, you can make a make-shift pop filter using a hollow ring and nylon. But the adjustable clamp is really...well adjustable so fits many unique mic placement situations. Plus, although it is flexible, it is also very sturdy so don't worry about and vibration noises coming from this.
This works fine, although the mount is a bit weird to me... but I see that most are the same.  As a pop filter it works perfectly and I was not able to hear any clarity loss or sound coloring.  Just pop filtering through black pantyhose !! lol
Wow the reviews for this thing are a little ridiculous eh? Some people pay for silver and expect gold ;)Okay, so I bought this because I do app review videos for a blog and my Blue Snowball mic was picking up the awful "pop" sounds that this is supposed to filter "hard P, hard T, hard B, S, and a few others." So I got this. Here are my pros and cons:Pros1. It works. I tested in Sony Vegas pro with and without the filter. The "pop" sound is completely removed with the filter. Which means it does what it was designed to do. 5-stars. It does not affect voice volume at all, just smooths those rough edges in your speech :D2. It looks nice. Attached to my Blue Snowball, it looks like a professional product. It doesn't really matter since I work from home and not in a public place, but it's nice to know I can show it to people and it "looks nice"3. The clamp, bendable arm, and everything work appropriately. The clamp is designed to hold onto a bar and not a flat surface. So mounting this to, say, a desk probably won't be a stable as attached to a round thing, like the stem to a mic.4. I don't know why people think this "isn't sturdy"...I mean you're not going to the local rink and playing hockey with the darn thing. The build quality is quite excellent considering that it's 2 fragile screens attached to plastic and metal.Cons1. It's pretty big. I used to shorten the stem on my Blue Snowball and stash it in a cubby hole in my hutch desk for easy storage. I can't do that anymore with this pop filter on it. Now it's become a permanent member of the front of my desk.Outside of this thing doubling the space my Snowball takes up, I have no complaints about this pop filter. It works well, it attaches nicely, it does what it is supposed to do, it looks nice, and the quality is good. This should be the last pop filter I have to buy for a long time.
Filter is of good size (6") and easily comes apart for changing the fabric (I will probably use panty hose) if it gets torn. Other than that it works so what more can be said
What my headline says. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Removes those annoying popping P's out of your recordings. Until you can afford a Sennheiser condenser microphone that has a built in pop filter than you're going to need this. And the price was right too.
it keeps the spit off the mic and looks cool when recording - it does great at keeping you mouth off the mic so you dont breath it out and fits great on the stands with easy clamp
Peter Piper Picked A Pack of Purple Peppers - test passed, no &#34;puh&#34; sound to be found on the recording.
When you record singing, you need this to prevent the pop sound. It is definitely worth it. It also makes you looks professional.
This pop-filter rocks. I like it a lot, does well compared to lots of other filters I tried. It's got a nice look too.
Use this for home recordings and some voice over recordings for work. I like the long neck on it and its a double filter so you get a tad bit extra. I tested it against my single filter and it did make a difference, as expected. It makes sense that if you have an additional layer there it will filter more effectively, but I wasnt sure if it would effect tone or highs, and I didnt notice either effected.
This was a great investment for my home studio. I've been able to eliminate the majority of pops coming from my Condenser Microphone. I should of bought this a long time ago!!
I use it with an Audio Technica 2020, it work very well, the filter stays in place and it really improves the quality of the recording. Not much else to say.
I love this pop filter!  It is every to attactch and doesn't scratch the mic stand as some pop filter clamps do.  The adjustable arm is very flexible, yet sturdy to assure you of proper pop filter placement.
Tested this on my Blue Yeti USB Microphone and could tell the difference with the POP filter on right away. Good investment.
There too many required words to type for a product that doesn't need that much explanation.  It mounts to any mic stand and is formable to any position you need.  sturdy.
Well thought out unit that does what it says it will, drop all that POP! I really like the way the clamp connector is rubberized to protect the finish of your mic stand. And being that it is rubberized, it allows you to adjust the filter to the mic without having to loosen everything up because rubber has an inherent &#34;give.&#34; And this is where the flexible arm allows you to fine tune the filters proximity to the singer, allowing you to do what you do best -- Sing! And then; and now for the really important part: everything stays where you last left it. Hell, even my cats can't do that, and they're porcelain.
Very sturdy and awesome pop filter. Adjustable to any length you want and just a great pop filter! I would recommend this to anyone!
This filter arrived very quickly! I use it with a Scarlett mic and it does exactly what a pop filter should. Good purchase.
These are high quality cables, both construction wise and in audio quality.  I use these shorter cables if I have to run bits of my rack to external amps/units, ie: unplugging and plugging in a lot, and I find these cables stand up to more abuse than the average cable.  I'm satisfied.
Good Quality cable and price. Works as good as those expensive 99 dlls cables.It does not make any noise
Sometimes I have to run a longer cable to a snake if I'm doing the big band thing. Otherwise, I use this cable at every show. Love it.
Looks vintage but works great at a great price. As good or better than my Monster cable for a lot less money!
got this short cord to go from amp to waa! It works perfect for it I own a few Spectraflex cables and they are all fine
Rugged ends very flexible seem like this cable should hold up very well , does not tangle which is a real plus if you tend to move around a lot , connectors seem to be heavy duty , time will tell but I would assume that this cable should last a long time .
After suffering through crackles, lost signals, and all the rest, I decided to heed the numerous positive reviews of the Spectraflex tweed cable and purchase one through Amazon.com.  Because the new acoustic-electric classical I received as a gift has an end-pin outlet, I bought the Spectraflex with the right angle connector.  Although I have been using the cable for only a few weeks, I am very impressed.  The connections on all the guitars and basses on which I've used it are sure, with no loss of signal, no crackles.  Perhaps most impressive is the fact that I can turn the right angle connector around and never have any change of signal.  Finally, I can be confident that when I play, something will consistently come out of the amplifier.  By the way, the old-school tweed look is a plus, too.
Spectraflex makes great cables. I bought this right angle 10' red cable for my older Ibanez guitar. This cable is built to be extremely durable, is made in the USA, and comes with a lifetime warrantee. The 20 gauge construction and rugged nylon braiding makes for a very low noise cable, and the connectors are very secure and feel quite substantial (especially compared to a cheaper Fender cable I had been using that required almost constant tightening.) Though Spectraflex cables are not the least expensive (nor the most expensive,) they are a great value and I am definitely a fan. I recommend this cable without reservations.
I purchased three of these (three different colors) to make a mini-snake for my keyboard to their Di's.  I typically used Mogami 2524/Neutrik, but need cakes while in the road (I usually roll my own to exact length).  These have worked well, quiet, no handling noise, seem well built (I treat cables well, so I don't really test them with under tough circumstances) and hopefully will remain in their spot for the foreseeable future.  They are used 6 nights a week, and after 50 uses, no problems.  I recommend them (plus, for live, the fabric cables in different colors are great for easily identifying which is which for a road crew member who might not know audio well.).  Nice pieces...
I keep this cable on my pedal board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. I've posted a photo on the pedaltrain Mini page. The right angle connector is great to exit the last pedal on the board and the straight connector goes into the amp. I use a Mogami silent cable -Mogami Platinum Guitar 12, Straight to Straight with Quiet Plug 12 feet- for the input to my guitar, but I can't justify paying a LOT more money for the side that goes to my amp (it's not getting bumped around, plugged and unplugged, etc.). This cable works perfect for it's purpose. Oh yeah... and it matches my tweed amp!!
I'm a professional musician and love these cables, they look great and perform great and feel a lot tougher than the rubber covered cables I've been using
This has become my number one cable for my Carvin bass. I gig with it a couple times per week and it has been rock solid. I only use something different if I need a longer reach. And I love the tweed cover. Very satisfied with this one.
I've had this little amplifier for a few weeks and I couldn't ask for a better practice amp. It's amazing how loud it gets in an otherwise quiet room, but it'll get drowned out pretty quickly when you add competing sounds. It's rugged and portable, and it's fun to play around with some of the effects. The fact that it runs on batteries is a huge plus.
Might work well for recording too when you take the output jack.  Speaker is acceptable quality but can't be compared with a Fender amp as this one has 5 watts and a small speaker and the other has 10-20 watts.  I'm opting for the convenience of the size.  I got this after getting a couple smaller amps and headphone monitor plugs since it has both and was better sound with good effects.  I like the 'brit' setting.  I sound like a rock star with it.  Good product for practice or recording.  You could get away with microphone to amplify it for a gig.  But for around the same price you could get a Fender amp.  This product works for me and the quality is pretty good.  Other mini amps and similar accessories are toys compared to this.
There are several types of practice amps. High end modlers (Line 6, G Dec, Vox VT) that can still run $400+ and are typically overloaded with features. The low end tubes (Fender Blues Junior, Bug V22, Peavey Valveking, etc). These typically are more stripped down (in features, not neccessarily quality). And then there are the micros. I always thought they were just a notch above toys, the sort of amps found in a prepackaged guitar set up from Wally World at Christmas.Boy was I wrong...I needed a portable amp for my son to take to and from practice after school. It was important to me that he could schlepp his own gear. He's not a big kid, so even 15lb. amps are pushing it(plus a gig bag and school back pack). That was initially what brought me to the Micro. Not sound or features, just the smallest possible amp for my little virtuoso. Turns out this is an AMAZING amp. The tone destroys the Line 6 and the features crush the Vox Pathfinder (6watt?) or Bug V12. And the Fender frontman - not even in the ballpark.Each of the models are distinct. The cleans are sparkly (more trebly) and the high gain models are very articulate. Obviously this isn't a loud amp, but that's not all bad. You can get everything this amp has to offer at reasonable volumes. It also can be battery powered (the life is suprisingly long), includes a regular wall plug, headphone jack, built in tuning fork (which is kind of lame) and a series of onboard effects that can be run simultaneously. For example, I was able to crank up the delay and tremelo and pull off some Dick Dale surpher licks with suprising accuracy.Don't let the size fool you. I honestly thought it was nothing more than a toy and I couldn't have been more wrong.  There are several big websites and it's tough to find any negatives about this amp. Quality sounding and durable for a great price.Oh - and the red - if you can find it - looks pretty sweet too.
Great little amp. I had to take my Ampeg Jet in for a maintenance and I just love this little practice amp. I enjoy using it with both my Fender Strat and my Rickenbacker.
I bought this amp to replace a Squier SP-10 that came with my guitar.  The Squier had no effects, just a clean channel and an overdrive button.  I couldn't afford a bunch of pedals, but I wanted some effects so I could get cool sounds from my electric guitar.  I saw the reviews for this little amp on Amazon and decided to give it a try.  It is Awesome!  For such a small amp, the output is plenty loud for practicing at home, and it runs on batteries, too, so I can take it anywhere.  The effects are better than I'd hoped for.  This is certainly not for the pro who performs onstage or with a drummer, but for an intermediate level guitarist (like me) who just plays for his own pleasure or to please his family, this is the amp to get.  It has several modeling functions and you can choose between chorus, flanger, phaser, or tremelo while still adding either reverb or delay.  I'm one of the growing number of retirees who decided to pick up the guitar and learn more about it now that I have the time.  I don't need the deafening stacks that the kids like.  I love this amp.
The MicroCube came with new AC Adaptor that supports 110V and 240V. Now I can take it along and use it in Europe/ Asia and USA.I saved $30 from buying another AC adapter that supports 240V.Happy Customer!
A good solid piece of equipment! It sounds as good as it looks and it is absolutely beautiful! The description listed slight wear marks on the back, but I had to really look hard to find it (one). It came as well packed as a brand-new guitar and looks like one!
For the money you can't find a better deal.  I am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along.  This is a great playing guitar for the money, comes packaged extremely well and high quality all around for the price.
I bought this at Guitar Center and now wish that I hadn't.  The reason I said this is that I would have rather saved the taxes, but oh well. Now on to the guitar itself.....This was the second of my three Epiphone guitars and for someone who isn't a professional musician, I still want to sound like one.  The sound from this SG is true to its big brother from Gibson. Awesome crunch and great sustainability.  I can take or leave the kill pot.  The electronics, mainly the switch could use some replacing.  I'm not complaining, I just noticed some extra noise when switching pickups..  For $169, you can't expect to have the top of the line.To sum it up, I love this guitar.  I keep in E flat tuning and it stays.  To me, a guitar with this sound and crunch deserves to drop it's tuning a little.
i love this thing!!!  action is perfect,  great sound,  good feel, easy to play i highly recomend this
At first it look small for my guitar but it fits perfectly with my Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul Electric Guitar
Now-a-days I just search amazon because they have always got what I want at reasonable prices. This is no exception. I am not a musican but wanted a case to carry my Epiphone Les Paul Custom Pro to the guitar guy for setup etc. This was was better then I expected. It is sturdy outside and nice fusion inside with a tight but not too tight fit. In other words great all around. I know it sits on a self with many other guitars when I take it in to the guitar guys so I am perfectly confident that it is well protected. and it is lockable (with key)If you are looking for a more then good case for your Epi LP just get this one. You will not be disappointed.Also. I ordered it on a tuesday and it came the next day. No special shipping. Maybe it is my locations but that was great too. Well packed.
Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected.
I ordered this for my Epi LP Special 2 and obviously it fits like a glove! Beautiful interior and a comfortable padded handle. Solid hinges and even comes with hinge lock on the center hinge.
Basically, this case is very sharp looking - made with good quality materials. The inside of the one I received was grey fur. The case would probably take a beating over time, but its not a SKB case. Nice enough that I wouldn't check it at the airport. Survived a trip in a moving van from Philly to Boston.Would definitely recommended if you need a case that your Les Paul fits very snugly and safely into.
This case it built really well, it has really nice plush interior... storage area for picks-strings-tuning fork-etc in the neck, it DOES have a lock on one of the latches. The case actually kind of stuck the first few days after i got; so much so that i thought it was locked with the key inside when i first got it. Turns out thats actually impossible to do with this case unless you have an extra key... so dont worry. Just dont be an idiot like me and give it a good tug when you get it.Above all it fits my Epi LP perfectly... as it should! hehe.
Its a tight fitting case. I am a proud owner of aEpiphone Les Paul Custom Proand it fits as snug as can be. When I ordered the case I assumed it would be made for my guitar. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. I am sure I received a new case. Being perfectly  protected as it was, it hadn't a mark on it so.As far as the construction, it not a flight case by any means. It looks as though it will hold up to at least some abuse and still do its job, to protect the guitar. My guitar does not move in the case due to its perfect fit. With this said, over time there is a possibility of wear. I would predict the buckles may be the first to fail. And then handle doesn't look as durable as it could be , we'll see on that.Overall this is the case for the Epiphone Les Paul. I saw the Gibson case and I just don't see them as superior enough to justify paying more. I am satisfied with my purchase and I think most people would be. Five stars for now. I will edit in the future if necessary.
Very nice case for the price.  Solid construction and perfect fit and protection for my Epiphone LP.  Would definately recommend.
Hello, I bought a Epiphone Goth Studio guitar and I also bought this beauty. I'm very satisfied with the quality of this case, as it makes my guitar looks very nice and very nice protected.
this case is the best i've ever had...very plush on the inside, and hard construction on outside is very strong...the handle extreamly soft to the touch...i guess all my other cases just don't measure up to this one...it even locks...if your guitar fits...but this for the quality!!!
The case is hard on the outside and soft on the inside as it should be. The pocket inside is nice for holding accessories. It does include a lock on the middle latch, but somehow mine eventually stopped working, as the lock isn't very good quality. The lock cylinder itself fell inside the lock and can no longer be used. Otherwise great case, highly recommended.
I use this for my Epiphone Zakk Wylde Custom Les Paul. It fits perfectly in the case, one of the best cases I own and have seen, the carpet is awesome, also has a pocket in the middle, what holds the neck up, and can fit a strap and even a pedal. Very durable case and seems like the younger brother of the more expensive Gibson case.
An affordable guitar case that fits my guitar perfectly. That's all there really is to say, if you need a sturdy guitar case  for a Les Paul styled guitar and don't want to spend a butt-load of money, look no further.
I bought the bigger version of this for my Riviera P93 and this case is just as plush and protective- best deal going for a brand new case - I just wish they had these for more brands-
I could not believe the quality of this case, fits my Epiphone Les Paul 100 like a glove.  Very plush interior, plenty of storage and very durable.
I'm not much for brand names on my guitar cases. I figure it tells would-be thieves what they're getting!  I sprayed a little matte-black paint over the Epiphone logo. The case itself is quite sturdy and the inside is very plush. It fits my Line 6 JTV Variax in a very cozy way. Great case for small cash!
Ordered one of these Gig Bags for a new Les Paul - the hard shell cases are back-ordered, and I didn't want the guitar just sitting attracting dings and dust.Fits a LP Studio perfectly, has room for small items in an outer zippered pocket. Does the Job !
If you're looking for something to protect your guitar until you can afford a good hard case, this is it. For the price, it has better padding than I expected and is equipped with carrying handles and a shoulder strap with metal buckles and snaps. Good deal for the price!
This bag is light, with two back pack straps, a pocket for accessories, excellent quality material and a good quality zipper.  If you just need something lightweight to protect your instrument this is it.
This bag fits my Epiphone Les Paul II electric guitar very well...but no room to spare.  The outside pocket is too small for sheet music, but works for small things like a tuner and short cable.  I prefer a bigger pocket, but aside from that I can't complain.  This gig bag looks really sharp, and has two shoulder straps for convenient carrying.
Rugged, robust, flexible. Couldn't ask for more in a momentary switch. Like all Boss products it will probably last longer than me.
I got this for use with the Boss DD-20 as a tap-tempo. It does the job well, it's a little big for what it is, but definitely worth having with a delay pedal
No problem at all.Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thak you very much!
I'm using this footswitch to control a drum machine. it does the job and i've had no problems with it
I could not beat the price. The pedal does what is suppose to do on my Dynamic Wah guitar pedal. It is well build and I can use it on other Boss and Roland gear. Also, it not to big. It does not hog up a lot of space on my pedal board. Very happy with this item.
nuff said.works great.latest purchace is used as a trigger on my drum machineused the CODA kick pedaltrigger a boss sound moduleplay it all the timealso use one on my Vocalist.  and eff mute.  and chan change.like the option of NC or NO.  saved my gig just tonight when one of my Midi controllers lost it mind an needed NO instead of normal NC.
Summary for those who don't want to read the whole thing: This is more than worth the money. If you're a beginner looking for a first guitar or if you're experienced and are searching for a backup/travel option or anything like that, get this. Do not hesitate. A cheap guitar doesn't ALWAYS mean a POS!Alright, full story/review:So, when I was a kid up until my early teens my (insanely talented and self-taught) older brother helped me learn how to play guitar. I got pretty decent but somewhere along the way I stopped and I've regretted it basically every day ever since then. Recently, I decided to stop internally griping about it and realized I should actually DO something about it. So, here I am.Having previously lived in a house with multiple guitarists, I have heard the sounds of expensive guitars and I have heard the sounds of the cheapest guitars (like a typical beginner's First Act). I knew there was a middle ground and I was determined to find it. I got way more than I bargained for.I began my quest knowing that my funds were limited. There was no way I could afford to dive right in and buy a high end, top of the line Fender or Martin like I had had the benefit of learning on back in the day. I knew I had to go cheap, at least for now. I began scouring the internet in search of the best rated budget guitars. After an exhaustive amount of research, I chose this one due to the positive reviews and because all of the demos I'd pulled up on YouTube were excellent. Plus, Epiphone has a pretty good reputation in general.Despite the positive reviews, I was still a bit leery; buying instruments without actually handling them first is always a bit of a gamble. Even if it sounds nice and plays well, sometimes a perfectly solid, functional instrument just doesn't FEEL right. As I went through the checkout I silently reminded myself that I could send it back for any reason. I went into this fully knowing that there was a good possibility I'd just have to bite the bullet and buy something better, even if costlier.Well, it arrived earlier this week and I am not disappointed. I certainly didn't expect perfection and I was convinced that I would find some kind of error, if only cosmetic, with such a cheap guitar. I am here to tell you that I have not found anything wrong with it. Even if I had (unless it drastically affected the sound/playability of the instrument), it would still be worth the price.Along with the guitar I bought some new strings (Martins) because 9/10 times the stock strings that come on instruments are awful. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the stock strings are more than usable. I see that some of the other reviewers disagree. Maybe their strings were older or maybe it's just preference, I don't know. All I can say is that the stock strings on my guitar were not at all corroded/old. Shockingly enough, the guitar was pretty close to being in tune right out of the box! It doesn't seem to have any trouble staying in tune, either. All of that being said, it wouldn't hurt to pick up a pack of strings just to be safe. I mean, I'm sure that when I do finally put the Martins on I'll be even more mind-blown than I already am with the way it sounds.This guitar has a full, rich sound, plays comfortably (the low action helps!), and has zero issues with buzzing or dead frets. Oh, and contrary to what other reviews have said - YES, it DOES have a truss rod. While we're talking about its positives, let's not ignore the fact that it's also super attractive with its shiny black finish. There isn't much about it that would give away its price. No, it's not a $1000 guitar but it certainly doesn't play like a $100 guitar either! I don't regret this purchase at all. Even in the future when I progress and upgrade I will definitely be keeping this lovely gem!If you're still unsure, do what I did and listen to some demos on YouTube. I doubt you'll be disappointed. (Pay no mind to the reviews the guy on the GearWire YouTube channel did. He clearly doesn't know what he's talking about and I, as well as everyone else in the comments section, was sure to express my feelings about that, haha! One user even claimed Epiphone should sue him!) Check out the video reviews by the users/companies GoldHat3, SamAshMusic, GigGear, and ShadowFW.My only complaint about this guitar is that I didn't buy it sooner!Good luck on your search, I hope this review has helped!
First off; let me start by saying I bought this guitar because it was only $100 and I was board on my deployment and wanted something to brush up on before I return home.I DID NOT: expect good quality, sound or comfortably from this guitar.I DID: want something cheap I could toss around and use out here in the desert without worrying about it getting beaten up or trashed.When I unboxed this guitar I was floored! The hardware is much higher quality than I had expected by far. The strings it came with weren't complete crap, but I swapped them out for my favorite set of strings: Ernie Ball 2406 Ernesto Palla Nylon Black and Silver Classical strings. The guitar sings beautifully; the tone is rich and vibrant.It's quite comfortable to play, I have no problems playing up to the 16th fret without this guitar having a cut away. I'm not a big fan of the pick guard that has the Epiphone 'E' on it, so I will probably end up removing it; but the sunburst is really nice looking. I have received many compliments on the look of it already.OVER ALL: this guitar is a really great instrument for the price tag. GET IT!Also; I'm buying a hard case to take it home, or shipping this guitar back home to myself because I want to keep it as part of my collection. My original thought was to buy this guitar and leave it out here at the Rec tent for other people to use after I'm gone. Even if I do decide to leave it out here; I'll be buying another one when I get home!
It is my son's first guitar and he is learning on it well.  It is still in great condition. good quality Guitar!
this thing plays great!!  action is low but does not buzz, very easy to chord.i highly recomend this guitar.
Well constructed with quality woods, saddle/nut and bracing. Neck and frets are straight, level and do not snag. This guitar rings like a bell, stays in tune and is light weight. Do not let the low price fool you but do not expect the guitar to come set up to your tastes. Any guitar that you buy will need to be adjusted to your style of play. The strings may be too high or too light or whatever, just be ready to do a tiny bit of work to get it like you want it then it will serve you well. Do not buy a Luna, Davidson, Main Street, or any other 'no name' - get this one.
I normally use nylon picks but do some songs with flatpicking intros and the nylons were to flappy. These picks keep a nice bright tone, very little friction on the strings - so low string noise. Enough grip to stay put in hands well too.
I've been buying Dunlop pick for at least 15 years now, and I love the feel and the grip. The picks last for a really long time, and I would recommend getting several thickness' for different applications. But for sitting in a room playing around, with my acoustics and electric guitars this is a decent all round pick
Sounds great. I own 5 different gauges. I like the gripping surface. .90 is my favorite gauge and the rounded tip is super fast.
Guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  Especially on acoustic.  These are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  They have a long life and do brighten your tone.  Freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape.
I love the pick attack with these.  I have used almost everything out there over 20 years of playing and have settled on this pick as my go-to choice for acoustic guitar.
Didn't think I'd be compelled to review something like a guitar pick, but the Dunlop Ultex has really impressed me thus far.  I use the .60 thickness, which is equivalent to the orange plastic Dunlop pick.  The orange pick is my favorite for acoustic and most electric playing, but they do wear down and fray on the edges, and have a little more friction that I'd like.This Ultex seems very resistant to wear and has surprisingly little drag over the string.  I find the matte finish very easy to grip and hold.  It gives just enough to use for smooth strumming, while being rigid enough for individual notes.Some reviewers have noted that they crack after some use.  If that turns out to be a problem, I might reconsider my review.  But out of the box, they perform as well as any pick I have used!
Grabbed these on impulse as I needed some new ones. Normally I used the old Fender Medium or Heavy picks, but I gotta say these are great. Stiff but flexible enough to maneuver plus they glide nicely. Not sure what could be said to prove it, but they just feel great.
I've used the Tortex picks for a while now, and have been really happy with them. This pick however, takes it to the next level. Very strong and great bite for a relatively thin pick. I use the .73 for acoustic and the same holds true. Great product.
This polish was recommended in one of Dan Erlewine's books and it works great.  It really makes the natural high gloss finish on acoustic guitars pop.  The effect isn't as noticeable on darker finishes though.  It really helps on the back of the neck too, makes it slippery and fast.  Highly recommended.
I got this to clean my Washburn acoustic guitar, and it worked great. I used it to clean off the fingerprints and grime, and then would buff in a circular motion with my soft, lint-free rag, and it would act like a polish. The finish sparkled afterwards, even in the light. Great product.
Ive been using this polish since the early 80's. It doesn't smell the way some do and works fantastic on all of my guitars. Wonderful polish and has not hurt my guitars. What has hurt my guitars is me dropping them or sweating all over them, but this polish? No way. Martin knows what they're doing. I use it on my expensive nitrocellulose finishes.
Used it once, but once was enough. Had been using Gibson Polish, although it worked fine, just couldn't force myself to use it on my Martin Veterans Model Guitar.
this is the one that everyone told me I should use, being new to guitar I figured one polish (car) has to work well, that was very incorrect on my part, this is for the delicate woods and preserves them far better than ordinary polishes
I bought this for my son to clean his guitar with. He really likes it a lot. It works very well if you use it with a microfiber cloth. I would buy this product again!
put it in my Fender dreadnaught and only wish i have held out for the the next step up in quality with the mic as well...  Love it to death, had it pertinently installed and love the sound and the versatility.  the built in volume knob it a GREAT tough.  I could go on, but there are reviews on you tube that will do a better Job than here.
I like the fact that it can be &#34;partially&#34; installed with the cord coming out of the sound hole or it can be easily installed on a more permanent basis by cutting the cord to length and running it inside the guitar body through the end pin hole (which will have to be enlarged a bit).  Either way, once plugged in, it sounds great.  This pickup maintains the great acoustic sound of my guitar, a Blueridge BR-160.  I installed some Fishman &#34;under the saddle&#34; pickups in a few Martin guitars and this pickup sounds just as good, if not better.  If you don't mind the pickup visible in the sound hole, this is the way to go.  Another nice thing about it is the ease of changing out the batteries as compared to the undersaddle type pickups where the batteries are attached to the inside body of the guitar.
Great pickup, combined with the Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. you will have an excellent experience.  Even the pick up by itself into a quality amp will make you happy.
What can I say? These are probably the most well-known pads available and probably the best. This was the best price I could find on Amazon and they arrived as described via very prompt shipping.
Ok, so I just installed these things for my KRK 6's (no stands...just sitting on two other speakers).  What can I say?  The bass, which previously had disappeared in my studio, is now present again!  My monitors sounded kinda thin before because I was losing so much energy to my desk, but these things have made a ton of difference!  My stereo image even feels wider now!Sure, they're a little pricy, but hey...THEY WORK!  If that's what they want to charge for them, and people continue to buy them, I'm cool with that!  I'm happy with the reults my $40 got me!5/5!
These really do work great. No more desk vibrations and the sound out of my monitors are very clear now. I do only wish i could of found these in a smaller size since they are way bigger then my 5" monitors. If anyone knows where to get smaller ones let me know. Thanks!
These MoPads are pretty amazing. I recently just purchased the Atlantic 33935701 Gaming Desk so I had a feeling that I would need these pads.These pads are a must for an amateur recording studio setup with little or no acoustic treatment. Sitting your monitors or speakers on these pads will produce an even better quality sound experience and they also will get rid of unwanted bass vibrations from your desk. I love that you can use the extra pads to angle them any way you want for your set up. These pads make my bookshelf speakers sound AMAZING. It's like I'm using actual studio monitors. At $40, you can't go wrong with these pads for you studio. It is a MUST to have these.
These are laser cut pads for your studio monitors. I feel more vibration from a hard drive spinning on my desktop than the sounds coming out of my speakers. And they look professional too.
Just what I needed for my Home Studio Monitors that sit on the table next to my Computer and my DAW system, was surprised at how many different versions I was sent, they all work well thanks heaps......
The reviewer who wrote that that these are "cheap foam" worth $5.00, doesn't understand or appreciate the quality of these speaker isolators. A/B these with some $5.00 cheap foam and you will realize how good these Auralex isolators work. I am using a pair of Behringer Truth active speakers that weigh 33 pounds each. These isolators not only support them very well but solved a big problem I had. It seems my speakers were "audio coupling" with the console they were placed on making the console vibrate with the spaekers and muddy up the lower fequencies.My problem started when I noticed that my mixes sounded good on other systems except for the bass frequencies around 80-125 HZ. Apparently my Behringer speakers were not accurately reproducing that fequency range and I was EQing that range badly to compensate. I didn't hear it when I mixed my Hafler M-1 speakers. I was about to give up on the Behringer Truth speakers but I really thought that they sounded excellent on every other frequency and are very detailed in every other range. The Behringers also had all the power I needed (active speakers) and can be played really loud in my studio without any distortion. Except for what I can only describe as a muddy or not clearly detailed low end, I love these speakers. Fortunately I was at a friends studio (a great pro studio) and I saw that he was using the Auralex Isolators under his speakers. He said he loved them. I bought them and placed them under my speakers and remixed a project I had been working on. WOW!! What a difference. It was an immediate difference. The bass is now nicely detailed and that muddy tone is no longer there. I had to reajust the EQ on the lower frequencies (cut them back to almost flat)on the new mix. I immediately bought a 2nd set for my small Hafler speakers. Why take a chance that they were also not reproducing accurately. These isolators are a great product and problem solver that saved me from buying new speakers and discovering that I still had the same problem. "Cheap foam"?? I don't think so.
Some will argue that these are not necessary for your monitors, however as somebody who has worked in music for more than half their life, I can assure you that, whereas they're not life or death, they do make a significant improvement on the listening process, especially in your project studio. No, they're not going to make your music sound any better, but they will give you a more detailed and accurate bass response when your monitoring. Even cooler is the fact that the pads come with 2 extra pieces of padding that will essentially let you customize the position of the monitors in that you can angle them up or down ever-so-slightly. Lastly, although my monitors fit perfectly on the pads, I can't help but to think that if my monitors were any larger, I would need a second pair, especially if they were positioned horizontally. All and all, overpriced or not; they really make a world of difference.
As a guitarist who's had the opportunity to work at Guitar Center (back in 1999), trying each type of string on the market was a fairly inexpensive and easy task.  While I'll chose D'Addario EXL's for electric, Martin SP are my top choice for acoustic.  The sound and reliability are unmatched for the money.  They also have a neat bronze shimmer to them...  Granted that's only aesthetic.
Ive been trying different strings for years!!!  Ive been stuck on elixirs for some time now and wanted a change.  These are very bright and clean!!!!  very playable!!!
I have tried different brands and weights of strings in search of the ones that would give my guitar a clear, bright, yet robust sound, and I found that in the Martin MSP 4050 SP strings. I knew I had found, &#34;my strings&#34; after a short time playing with these. They are light on the fingers, sound great, and priced right.
I bought these to put on my really old Martin acoustic. The guitar still sounds amazing, and these strings certainly fit my budget, and provide a great sound.
These are one of the best strings I've used. I'm a blues guitarist so they take a beating well. Very much worth the cost and I thank Amazon for having them!
These are good strings, for a good price.  I have purchased these strings several times and they sound good and last a long time.
These strings retain a good feeling for a long time, well past the point of them needing changed because they've lost brightness.
But these seemed to work well on the guitar I was re-stringing. My son thought they were great and he knows quite a bit more.Recommend.