Shame, they scam you into "donating" to a charity and then opening credit union account (which requires a deposit). All before they process your information and finally deny the rewards card.feeling scammed and very dissapointed.Hope at least the charity was real.Beware
I agree with the other reviewer that getting the 50$ gift card is a pain. I contacted discover customer service and they said that I had chosen the option for lowest APR at the time of my application which automatically invalidates the option for receiving the 50$ gift card. I don't remember choosing any such option and I'm 99% sure there wasn't any such option. Also, what was told to me by the discover agent isn't mentioned anywhere on the credit card page (on amazon). This to me a *false* advertisement and I think amazon.com is more at fault here.
Note the 1 star goes to AMAZON, the Discover Card gets 5 stars.I signed up for this deal because I had already been looking into the Discover More card because of all its cash back incentives, also the 0% apr deal sounded sweet. I have "good" credit (score is around 700) and I did not receive the 0% apr deal, I got a lesser deal of 3.99% for the first 6 months. The cash back is great, there are usually 3 categories in which you can earn an extra 5% cash back (this month it's movies, groceries and restaurants), there is also a discover "store" (kind of like Ebates) where you can earn up to 20% cash back from different stores, all purchases no matter what get you at least 1% back.I've had nothing but awesome experiences with Discover's customer service so far - one more perk is that I always get to speak to a rep in America - when I call their customer service # it tells me which state's office they are transferring me to.My only complaint is not with the card, but with Amazon's offer for the $50 gift card. After my application and first purchase using the card with Amazon I never rec'd a confirmation or anything saying I'd receive it. I contacted Amazon about this, they told me to contact Discover, I did, and they told me it was Amazon's promotion, not theirs... I showed Amazon the reply from Discover and they finally told me they'd apply the $50 gift card to my account within 48 hrs. Even though it took a few days of emailing and a couple of minutes of chatting with customer service with both Discover and Amazon I am pleased overall with both of their customer service teams. I just thought anyone applying just because of the gift card perk should be aware of the tiny hassle they will have with actually getting it.EDIT 6/2: After being reassured that the gift card would be applied to my acct within 48 hrs, 24 hrs later I receive an email from Amazon saying that I wasn't getting the gift card because they know nothing about this deal and I should contact Discover... absolutely ridiculous, HORRIBLE customer service on Amazon's part, makes me want to take my business elsewhere.EDIT 6/4: After chatting for about an hour with a rep over the weekend I was finally issued a $50 "promotional credit", she too tried to give me the runaround but I was persistant.
I applied only because of the 0% for 15 months.  Got approved but when my card came in the paperwork said 0% for 6 months.  SO I called Discover.  They told me the offer I applied for was UP TO 15 months.  However nothing on that page says UP TO 15 months.  It mentions the interest rate change depending on credit worthyness which is not an issue with a 750 credit score.  They transferred me to another dept that basically said well you can apply for another Discover card that has the 0% for 15 months but we cant do anything for you on the account you were approved for.I got off the phone and cut the card up.  I wonder how many other people signed up thinking they got the 15 month 0% intro offer only to get an approval slip showing 6 months.
I filled out the application, and yes I have EXCELLENT credit! Within seconds I was denied the card with some lame ass excuse. Amazon, why are you advertising this card?
DO NOT SIGN UP for this credit card, I did and I never reached the application for the Visa credit app! You will get pissed off due to the long drawn out process of filling out a membership before the Visa. GO for the Visa Amazon card.
Honestly, You Suck. In a world of instant gratification from the use of forms of credit and redemption you truly lick the boots of everyone else out there.If you get paid to provide this service I suggest you BACK UP to collect that paycheck... Sorry Service.
I just cancelled this card after discovering a bogus charge from somewhere in Mexico.  I got lured into the card with their discount come-on about a year ago, and continued to find unexplainable  charges following subsequent zero balances.  The last straw was today when I checked my other Chase Visa statement and discovered this fraudulent charge on the Amazon Visa.  I called Chase, they were not able to identify the so called business and cancelled the charges.  Then I cancelled the account.  If you already have a Chase account don't let yourself get sucked into this one.  I spent some time researching this issue around the internet and discovered a few more very similar situations.  Sorry to rain on anyone's parades, and  I hope this situation will not occur for anyone else.
use this card with cation . I F USED ACOUSTICALLY THEN THERE SHOULD BE LITTLE PROBLEMS ,GET CARRIED AWAY AND YOU LL BE PAYING IN ON THIS CARD FOR DECADES. ALSO REWARDS? THAT'S A BOLD FACE LIE I HAD LET A FAMILY MEMBER USE THE CARD SINCE THE LIMIT WAS 900 AND I NEVER ASKED FOR AN IN CRESS  HOWEVER WITH THERE FULL KNOWLEDGE OF MY LOWERED CREDIT CARD NEEDS AS A RECENTLY INJURED,AND DISABLED INDIVIDUAL,THEY ALLOWED THE LIMIT TO SOUR TO WELL OVER 500 DOLORES BEYOND THE AGREED 900, THERE BILLING WAS BAFFLING AND OFTEN CHARGES WOULD NOT APPEAR AT ALL, THE ONES THAT DID WERE SPORADIC AND SOMETIMES CAME MANY MONTHS AFTER PERCHES OF ITEMS,MY TBI,BRAIN INJURY, HAS NOT MADE CALCULATING THIS ESOTERIC DECEPTIVE FORM OF BILLING A . IN RETRO SECT IF I HAD KNOWN OF THERE CONVENT CRYPTIC BILLING STYLE , I WOULD ALWAYS LOG ALL MY PURCHASE SINCE I NOW RELIVE I FELL INTO FALSE SENSE OF SECURITY GRAY ZONE.I HAVE CONSULTED A ATTORNEY TO QUESTION THERE TACTICS BY REQUESTING ALL THE PERTINENT DOCUMENTS , COMPUTER RECORD DATES OF CHARGES , DATE  AND EXPLANATION FOR CREDIT INCREASE AND WHOM  REQUESTED IT. THE ATTORNEY IS A COLLAGE FRIEND WHO NEW ME BEFORE THE TBI EVEN THOUGH THAT PERSON HAS LEFT THIS WORLD HE HAS COMPASSION FOR THE SHADOW OFF A ONCE DIFFERENT MAN WHO WAS CHROMATICISM, BUT NOW RESIDES  IN ANTISOCIAL ZOMBIE. HE TOLD ME  I COLD PAY HIM BY CUMMING OVER FOR DINNER SOME TIME .(IN A WORLD OR RAPID CARNIVOROUS BEASTS THERE ARE LAMBS THAT TERRORIZE THE PREDATORSDON'T GET THIS CARD TOO MANY BETTER ONES ,AMAZON IS FANTASTIC SITE AND IN NO WHY DO I MEAN TO IMPLY ANYTHING  TO THE CONTRARY  THIS HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEM
It's a piece of crap.  High interest and hard to cancel once you open it.  Never again will I get an amazon card.
The interest rate on this card stinks. Not worth using except (if you must) on the cheapest item purchases. Be careful you don't get suckered in with an offer, then find you cannot immediately cancel an item. That service, or lack of, sucks also. I paid off my first balance, for duplicate items after I found I could not cancel an order even immediately after placing it. So, stuck with duplicate items that used up the "$25 Gift Card" promo. Just stick with the free standard shipping on orders over $25 is my recommendation.
The Amazon.com Rewards credit card works but I immediately lost the username after having to sign up with a completely unique user name & I had already went paperless. Now I can't get on-line & I have an account hanging out there.  I can still get balances by phone but this is turning out to be a real hassle if I cant get on line. I paid my payment but I am also now getting a $30 fee from Scoresense that I never bargained for.  This is turning out to be just another difficult & expensive piece of . . .
When I applied for the card it says $50 gift card will be provided upon approval of the card. My card was approved and I was surprised only $30 was added to my amazon account. Amazon link still reads of $50 gift card but in reality they only providing $30 as gift card. Called the customer service and they said they can't do anything about it. I always purchased things from amazon and never realized amazon do things like this. They advertise one thing but provide something completely different. I would not recommend this card.
Having this card does not yield any discounts or free shipping. There is no difference between amazon visa card and other credit cards.
Stop asking me to review every last little thing! This is a credit card with a very high interest rate. The color augments my eyes. What's to know? The single star is for junking up my inbox with requests to review everything I buy with it.
BEWARE before you sign up for Amazon Chase card,my 2 reasons were- 1) a low interest rate as stated as low as 13.+%, 2) for the rewards. BEWARE, the Chase Bait and Switch- Bait with the as low as 13.+% and then actually charge you 21.%- I called Chase customer service for explanation-They proceeded to tell me the reason I was being charged 21% was based on credit worthiness....I have several credit cards that give me rewards CITI card only charges 16.+% if i am worth to get 16% with CITI why was i not worthy enough to get the 18% - Agent proceeded to tell me because Chase offered such great rewards and no annual fees...that was the other reason it's 21%..... I said this was the lamest explanation i have ever heard i reminded the agent that this is almost ceiling interest-and the only way to get ceiling is to make one payment late.. CITI card no annual fees and they have better rewards and 16% interest. I make a practice of being an informed consumer, sad to say i fell for this bait and switch - needless to say I will pay off this card and never use it again.. I get better rates using my Amazon Store card - Disappointed in CHASE behavior and tactics - and that they attach their tactics to Amazon good reputation...this is a Sad thing Amazon - to be associated this type of tactics..MY Opinion Amazon find another Credit Card company to be associated with, I'm sure other finance companies are more worthy.
So Far I have decided not to apply for any of the cards listed on the Amazon site.  They either have tricking point programs or require a credit union membership that requires a fee and/deposit.  With that stated, I will use my money to purchase my item with my debit card.  I thought I would like to be rewarded for being a long time Amazon customer but it doesn't look that way.  Thanks for reading.
In general, I have been satisfied with the card, and I use the points for Christmas shopping.  However, a few months ago, someone opened a new Amazon account with my card number, and used my saved points to purchase $80 worth of stuff from Amazon Marketplace, without any notice to me or any mention on my bill.  When I finally noticed this, I spent hours on the phone with both Chase and Amazon, and in the end, neither company seems to think that this is their problem.  Chase says that I have to take it up with Amazon.  Amazon says that I have to take it up with Chase.  Either way, I'm out $80 for purchases I didn't make, and because they were made with reward points, they don't fall under the standard "dispute a fraudulent charge" rules.
I applied for the card seeing $50 off for the purchase worth of $500. I am sure that I have good credit score, but online application didn't get approved(always get approved with other banks!!). So this is absolutely nonsense and cheating customers like us. Offering a discount/coupon but didn't provide it in time...Bad experience with Amazon!!!
I applied for the Amazon Rewards Visa because they were promising a $50 instant credit to be applied for your purchase. I wanted to use the credit for a pair of shoes that was sort of expensive but it was the last one in my size. However, after they got my information an announcement popped up saying that it may take up to 30 days to be approved. I have an excellent score and no credit issues so I can't explain why they don't disclose from the beginning what their terms are. In the meantime, the shoes that I intended to buy are no longer available (it was the last pair) so I may very well cancel the card. False advertisement, they just want to trick them into applying for their credit card.
I have been attempting to purchase books with my Amazon card, and it keeps declining. It has worked previously, suddenly I'm being declined & don't know why. Will someone from Amazon contact me?
If one uses it, be prepared to be charged interest from day one.  Carry a balance, you pay interest.  Period.  No grace period.I dumped them and cut the card.Amazon should be more careful with whom they partner up.
Im very dissapointed as that instant bonus was never added to my cart nor there was an email sent with a redemtion code or any of that sort.
I CANNOT STAND CHASE  YOU WILL HAVE TO WALK ON WATER TO KEEP THE LOW INTERST RATE OTHERWISE ITS THE REASON FOR THE POINTS
What a rip-off.  The card offer says the discount will be applied to the total purchase instantly, but that was a lie.  I have excellent credit, but was my application for the card was not approved instantly as I was lead to believe.  I went ahead and placed my order, against my better judgement, but will no longer shop at Amazon.  I don't want nor do I need the card, but it's been extremely diffiuclt to contact anyone about this.
Quite honestly, this has been a huge pain in the *ss. I got the card on a special Amazon deal, bought my Granddaughter a Kindle for her birthday, and never received the card. Then, they kept adding interest on, which I could find out by looking online, but couldn"t pay the bill because-I NEVER RECEIVED A CARD!!!! tried explaining this to person @ the credit card company-paid bill in full over the phone, told them I refused to pay all the fees, beacause I NEVER RECEIVED THE CARD!!!! Have I received the card? Noooooooooo I noticed on my credit report that it still shows that I owe the money, WHICH I DO NOT!!!!! VERY FRUSTRATING EXPERIENCE dealing with these guys! DO NOT RECCOMEND
Got this card for a large purchase which went wonderfully. The card? Not so much.FIRST: after 5 months have STILL not been able to get the online service to set me up an account to make payments.SECOND: one time I was able to make a payment with the automated phone service, but after that it wouldn't work.They tried to transfer me to customer service because SUDDENLY they don't recognize my account number. And the kicker on this problem, after waiting to be transferred, surprise, customer service is FRICKING CLOSED on the weekend and after 5....you know when I'm off work and able to do personal business.THIRD: finally asked to speak with a 24 hour rep, IN INDIA (such an easily understood back and forth!), and find out its additional $35 for that magical service!Closing this monster immediately!!! DOES AMAZON REALIZE WHAT POOR SERVICE GE CAPITAL PROVIDES???
I'm a die hard loyal Amazon customer.  I decided to take advantage of the Amazon Visa Rewards card a little over a year ago.  I have excellent credit, I pay my bills in advance, I also have a Slate card with Chase.I called Chase today to lower my interest rate and was told they were as low as they could go after being sent to the second "customer service" (I use this term because that's what the call themselves) representative that I could barely understand due to a very heavy accent and inability to even pronounce my name correctly.  I asked to speak with a supervisor, I was transferred, the supervisor that came on the line said there was nothing they would do for me I explained I've been a customer for over 15 years and have never missed a payment, she said it didn't matter and the law says they can't lower the interest rate in a very snarky tone.  So I closed my account which usually a customer service rep will say oh no, I'm sorry, can I do anything to change your mind etc. nothing she just said I closed your account and you will still be responsible to make the payments (like I didn't already know this) she said "have a great day" and hung up.Needless to say my Chase retirement fund, checking and savings accounts etc. are now being closed and moved to a company who does want my business.  I have never experienced good customer service from Chase I don't know why I thought I might today.Sorry Amazon, you rock, but I'd change my banking/credit partner if I were you before you damage your reputation from the company you keep.  All is not lost, I called Capitol One and they reduced my interest rate by 7% so now you know what's in my wallet!!!!!
Points to cash isn't good enough to make u wanna keep the card. Prob just gonna cut it up .
The link to the Chase site from Amazon does nothing after entering password. Go to Chase site and it says doesn't recognize our computer (both my wife and I access the account from separate computers). The site never sends an email or dial the number to give the enhanced security code. Try reaching a human to get help. Joke!
I applied to get the $50 credit towards a purchase.  I have a credit score above 800.  I am retired but have an annual taxable income above $100k.  I have no debt.  I was not instantly approved and told that I would be notified in 30 days after their review.  I did not want another credit card, and only wasted my time filling out the an application to get the $50.00 store credit.  Amazon can kiss my ass.
Let me begin with Chase, I've deal with it many times since my college time. It often doesn't show up front as Chase. My problem with them is that they periodically not sending you your monthly statement so you would end up with late fees.The last time, of course, is the Amazon awards card. They didn't send me the first statement so it comes with a late fee and didn't get my $30 of award in the next statement. I call and let them know my concern so they told me they canceled the late fee and put my reward in the &#34;amazon wallet&#34;. Well, I really don't know where is my &#34;Amazon wallet&#34;. The next statement shows again the late fee + some. I concluded that they are b.sting me. So I just ignored them. A while later, collection department or agency called me with a $400 bill and I told them they got the wrong number. If Chase shows up in my credit report, it really doesn't matter at all since it doesn't seem like anyone take them seriously, because I was approved for a credit card afterward easily.
Never received the $50.00 gift card as promised but I certainly received the credit card! Needless to say I will be cutting up this card ASAP.
You go to Amazon, you place your order-OK, great. Check-out. They ask if you want to use your Rewards Points. Great, OK, I'll use them. Box Checked! Discount Applied! Pay. Total $0.17. Wow, Great Deal... Let's keep shopping... Next item. Book to read. Great. Let's Pay. OK, would you like to use your Rewards Points. Sure, apply those points. Total $1.95 after Rewards Points are applied. Yes! Hooray, more shopping... Next item. Mp3 Player. Checkout. Would you like to apply your Rewards Points? Sure! Box Checked! Checkout. Pay $10.44.WHOOPS! FOLLOWING DAY MESSAGE: "Your attention is required to continue processing one or more orders on this page."AH-OH! What's happened?"Important Message"Before we can proceed with your order, your credit or debit card's issuing bank requires you to do one of thefollowing:* Update the expiration date on the card you entered. &lt;All's Good - Date is VALID>* Choose an alternate card from your account. &lt;Why? I have PLENTY of funds available!>* Enter a new card number. &lt;My Amazon.com REWARDS card is fine!!!>Review Order. PRESS &lt;TRY THIS CARD AGAIN>~~~~~PAY NOW~~~~~ NO POINTS AVAILABLE TO MAKE PURCHASE. So, where'd they go? Call Amazon. 44 minutes later, all they can tell you is that CHASE is at FAULT. Talk to CHASE. They say "Let's get Amazon on the phone."  We're connected. "Give me your Order Number. You start 111-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx - "Hello? Hello? Are you there? HELLO...?" &lt;SILENCE>So, after OVER AN HOUR of trying to hash-out the "PROBLEM" they HANG-UP on you! NOT SO GREAT! They've now stolen those REWARD POINTS YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD, and you are back to paying full price.WONDERFUL SYSTEM AND ACCOUNTABILITY - Pass it off to the other guy. TIME TO WRITE THE PRESS RELEASE ON HOW CONSUMERS ARE CHEATED OUT OF THEIR CHASE/AMAZON REWARD POINTS - BUYER BEWARE!
My career is in law so I always know to read the very tiny print before applying for or signing ANYTHING. This is just good practice for everyone. However, regardless of fine print and being a smart and responsible consumer, there are banks out there that will scam you and use underhanded tactics to get as much extra money from you as possible (especially CHASE) and you won't find these methods in the fine print.A few examples: Chase is notorious for "forgetting" to send a monthly credit card bill and then nailing you with a very high late fee for EVERY DAY you are late. Most of us juggle many bills every month so it's easy to overlook the fact that a bill is "missing", especially if you pay bills the old fashioned way via mail (not online) which is my preference. I repeatedly was on the phone with Chase trying to sort out the issue and kept being told that they sent an invoice, which they had not. I kept detailed records of all of my dealings with Chase and 5 (five) out of the 12 (twelve) months of JUST ONE YEAR they conveniently "forgot" to send a bill and then nailed me with high late fees for every day until I realized the bill was missing (I payed around $300 in late fees the first time this happened because I was not aware the bill was missing for several days). I eventually got wise and wrote the due date on my calendar every month so I could pay in time, bill or no bill.Another tactic Chase likes to use is to process your payment LATE so they can nail you with late fees, regardless of when the payment is 'received'. On many occasions, I sent my payment a week or more before the balance was even due and was shocked to see late fees for late payments. When I inquired about this, and had the representative look at the date the check was sent and stamped 'received', I was told that sometimes it can take 7-10 days after receiving the payment to "process it" and it's the 'processing' that counts, not when payment is received. I was shocked and so angry. So even though I paid not only on time but EARLY, I was still nailed with late fees (for every day they did not process my payment) because they purposely held back on processing my payments in a timely manner in order to charge me more money. Typically, payment processing takes 1-3 days, not 7-10+. The real clincher is that they did not do this every month-it was inconsistent. Some months they 'processed' my payment almost immediately. Other times they took 7-10+ days. This made it very difficult to know when to send payment because they intentionally (and cleverly) kept it inconsistent. Needless to say, I paid off my card quickly and told Chase where to stick it.These are only a few of the issues I had with Chase Bank (I still have the records I kept of their wrong-doings and the file folder is at least two inches thick). I will NEVER NEVER NEVER use a Chase credit card or bank with Chase. They DO scam their customers with a variety of 'clever' underhanded tactics like those mentioned above. So even if you read the fine print, it won't save you from the way they unethically (bordering on illegally) do business. The Amazon reward points just aren't worth the hassle. Find a different credit card issuer-it will save you from many migraines and an extreme drain on your pocketbook. I hope this helps. I wish someone had told me about how Chase does business before I was issued a credit card from them. What a horrendous experience. And threatening them with legal action (and this is coming from someone in the field of law) is pointless. More than one manager I spoke with actually laughed at me and told me to go ahead and try. Their legal department is massive and there just aren't enough laws to protect the consumers when it comes to credit cards and banks and their underhanded practices. Which is why threatening them with legal action will get you nowhere but broke. Keep that in mind as well. I am disappointed to see that Amazon has chosen CHASE to partner with.
I have given almost 100% loyalty to Amazon, purchasing everything I need personally and in my business via Amazon if possible, including food stuffs.  And Amazon rewards me with a Chase card with fine print that basically says your likely to never earn points. Read the fine print, the merchant has to have a "category" (mystery word used by unethical institutions) that matches Chase's category AND the merchant has to go out of their way to apply a code.  I spent $1400 on my new Amazon Rewards card and from that money earned no rewards.  So I moved to Amex, stopped many purchases I use to make on Amazon, went to iTunes for music and vids.  This card is not worth anything it claims to be.
I kept waiting for my statement (electronic) and when it didn't arrive I paid an amount I thought was the total. Statement never arrived that month. Next month it arrived with a $49 interest charge. I called about it but I got the nastiest woman who didn't speak English well, telling me I should handle my financial records better. Anyway, bottom line, never used the card again. They probably do that to a lot of people, don't send a statement then jab them with interest the next month.
Of course this card is convenient - you can purchase your favorite things from Amazon with just a click of a button!But the convenience is not worth it.  The interest rates are the highest on this card than any other that I have, and multiple calls in two years, several pay-offs and recurring uses,the Customer Support group will not work with you as a valued customer on any negotiating rates.  The offshore representative AND the manager you escalate to will monotonically read off the same script that there is NOTHING they can do for you.I call B.S.Aside from the interest rate, the insurance for this card is terrible too. I had an item purchased using this card, and then stolen. When reporting it to the insurance company along with a police report, they responded back to me that they would not cover any of it.Above all, the service is disappointing.So:- Poor Service- High Interest- Shady insurance company policy/decisions- Sad RewardsBut, +1 for convenience.
Rate is too high. I called CS and they said this is the best rate they offer.
I'm sorry Iever aplied for this card the intrest is way to high I'll keep the card only because ti will hurt my credit. No I will never use this card again my credit is to good to have to pay that much intrest.
Let me tell you about my experience with my Chase card.  I called and cancelled my membership to the premier program.  my bill on my chase card was $79.99.  When I cancelled my membership I asked about my bill.  I was told that I did not NEED to make a payment because I was cancelling the membership.  Then I get a bill from Chase, charging me $25 LATE fee for a balance of .99.  99 cents!!  Seriously?  You have got to be kidding me. I called immediately and complained and got the $25 late fee for a .99 charge removed.  I will probably never use this card again.  First experience really sucked..
I was happy to get my purchase with the discount, but the interest rate is way too high and I don't think I will be using it much
I've never encountered such a sloppy application system.  I've never been denied before and, now that I think of it, just received a GAP card with several thousand on the credit line (which gave me the idea for books...), yet two seconds after sending I get a message flashing briefly about it taking longer and that they'd email me within a day.  Whatever.  But I've heard nothing since, and now with those books sitting in the cart, do I buy them with a different card and forget the $50 discount?  What about all that personal information I sent to them?  I've never thought Amazon was shoddy about anything, but checking four days for a response, I'm beginning to worry if they have scammers grifting info.  Surely Amazon can't be this negligent.I now see dozens of similar reports posted here over the last week.  Info entered, nothing heard since.I'm going to have to call them directly.  If they don't know what's up, I'll demand to have the whole thing pulled.  So far no $50, but days of concern my information is "out there".  If you've got excellent credit, this feels strangely dodgy for Amazon.  I'd wait a long while 'till they clear this up.
This is the worst credit card I have ever received and reinforces my distaste of even having a credit card.  My card was denied at a post office as well as at a major casino/resort in CT despite having a very low balance and never missing a payment.  The reason my card was denied at the post office was because they sent me out a card in my married name - I received the card and called to activate it yet they never seemed to notate the system so my new active card was denied.  When I called to speak with someone about it, I told them I was at the post office right then and there and then they told me that it was denied because I tried to make the transaction over the phone.  Even though I just got finished explaining that I WAS STANDING OUTSIDE THE POST OFFICE.  Next time my card was denied, their reason was because the address they had on file for the casino/resort I was at, did not match their records of the address they had on file.  Classic, right ? !Their customer service departments don't seem to be located in United States and the people that you do speak with either read from a script, are rude or are basically clueless in what you are asking them to do and you end up on hold for ages which in my case always meant wasted minutes on my cellphone plan because I would have to call them from outside the place of business to inquire as to why the card was denied.  Being denied is also extremely embarrassing and all Amazon Chase has ever done to rectify is throw me a few measly miles to shut me up.  I am very very disappointed in Chase and I tell all of my family and friends not to bother getting the credit card.  What a joke - too bad the joke is usually on me.
I signed up for this card because it promised a quick approval and $50 instant Amazon credit. It has been several days and I am still waiting. The window for me to purchase the item I want is slipping away while I wait for Amazon to fulfill their promise. I would warn people away from this card and the false promises made by Amazon.
Shame on you. You offer me a great deal on a credit card.  The card, it turns out, charges 2 and a half times the interest  I pay on my preferred card. The you switch my account with Amazon to the new card, without asking me first.  I must, of course, wait for my bill in the mail, and make certain I do not carry any balance. This does not sound like the Amazon I have grown to trust and enjoy for past several years.
The interest rate is higher than any of my other cards and the points you get are not worth keeping the card. I am going to close this account.
I tried to apply for this credit card. I live in Australia....but it doesn't say anywhere that the offer is not available to me.I wasted twenty minutes trying to figure out how to lodge the application.....
you make it to hard to access your account-- ?? trying to incur late fees.. 1 month I sign on no problem next bill pay is nowhere in sight
I applied for the Card because of the offered instant credit. I was approved and it said do not apply again. Afterward I was unable to make any purchases with the card. After speaking to amazon support and chase support, chase finally told me that I would have to wait 7 to 10 days. The promise of instant credit was the whole reason I even selected this card and applied.
Chase bank is not a company I will do business with. They bought out Washington Mutual and raised my ladies credit card interest from 13%-30%  with no notice or recourse.
I have a credit score of 790 and when I called for a rate reduction I was told no. Also, I have a car loan through chase and EVERY time I try to pay my credit card bill online, it routes me to my car loan. Sooooo irritating. Once I pay it off or transfer the balance I will cancel it.
My initial bill didn't show up until less than a week before it was due.  Repeated calls to Chase were frustrating, they would take no ownership of their billing issues. The email saying the bill was coming came a day or two before it showed up in my mail, but Chase claimed it had been mailed shortly after the billing close date.  Their only basis for this claim is that is how their system works and it is never wrong.Paid the bill online from my bank, never got the follow up bill showing credit. Follow up call drew the same excuses from Chase customer support.  Finally just cancelled the card, as well as another card I had with Chase.You would do well to chose another financial partner for your credit cards.
I filled out to get the amazon credit card, never heard back to see if I was approved. It seems to me like you get the results right away. I have spent a good deal of money at Amazon for a number of years .J.D. Bergen
HTC Sensation 4G 1520 mAh Original Standard BatteryI recently ordered a new HTC Sensation from "Wireless Concepts" It arrived without the standard memory card which comes included in all new HTC Sensation 4G models. Worse was still to come, when I charged the unit and switched it on, the phone did not switch on. After many attempts I contacted "Wireless Concepts" and they said they could not replace the phone until I had returned it (such trust!) as this was their policy.I returned the phone on the 16/9/2013 and it arrived at 'Wireless Concepts" on the 24/9/2013. It is now the 30th September, and I have heard absolutely nothing from them....worse still they have stopped communicating with me altogether! So now they have my money, they have the phone which they will no doubt repair and 'palm off' as new to some other unsuspecting Amazon customer!Do not deal with these guys, they are dishonest and underhand in their dealings!David Black - Amazon Customer.
The only credit card I ever had where someone was constantly phishing it. I do not believe this to be a secure card. Too dangerous to have and take a chance on having
will not be doing as much business with amazon like I once did, since amazon decided to screw their customers in Ga. over.
This credit card is dangerous to your financial health.  If you open an &#34;instant account&#34; to pay for a large ($500+) purchase, you will get trapped in Fraud Unit Hell.  Then, when you cancel the card and pay for your purchases using a different VISA card, Chase's Retention unit will approve the charges after all, even after they're already paid!  Your next incredible event will be a bill from Chase for transactions that were not paid by them!!I kid you not, this happened to me in December 2013.  Stay far, far away.
Apparently having over a 700 credit score with over $20,000 in available credit and zero balance makes one enough of a credit risk to not grant credit to.  I was approved for a Disney card from Chase several months back and the credit limit was $700, hardly enough to book a Disney Vacation with which was the main purpose of applying.  Two months back while I was at Sears I applied for a Sears Citi card to get money off my purchase.  $6,000 with an instant approval.  I have waited 2 days and so far havent been contacted yet by Chase about the application which isnt right since I have a fraud alert on my credit report.  Do it every 3 months on purpose.  So I am guessing they have declined my application.  Not a fan of Chase and will never bank with them.  Might even stop using my Disney card because of this.
The sign up was a scam.  It said to sign up for the card and get $50 off your order.  I have good credit.  It immediately said it could not decide immediately, yet LESS then a day later I was approved via email.  Then when I received the card there was no mention of the $50.  I CANCELLED THE CARD IMMEDIATELY.
Why is it so hard to pay the bill  It should be a little simply  I cal the number I get a recording I just want to pay the bill please
I was doing really well with the card at the beginning.  After awhile, I began to notice that I was being charged a fee.  I always paid my statement in full each time it was sent.  I will not pay an annual fee on any credit card nor will I pay a fee to have a card just to purchase a product from any company.  We will not buy a membership to purchase items from Sam's Club or Cosco or any other marketing business.  Why should we pay for a membership to buy a merchants product?  There is not that much of a discount.  Not good business. This is our honest opinion and one that we live by.
I got this card for purchasing a Christmas gift to get the gift card discount.  However, I have not yet recieved my card or a bill.  I tryed calling a few times and the customer service reps are not very helpful.  I sure it is killing my credit to have this outstanding balance, but I cannot get a bill!  Grr!
The interest is set to high. A rewards card should have more benefits if the interest is this high. Good idea but poor return for the money.
I received the card approved which I appreciated, however, the riduclous inter4est rate for a person as I with an excellent credit scroe sucks, the no 30 dollar gift card sentSO watch out for what your promised you might not receive the fabricated promise and the interest rate is a killer.
Won't be using this card can't even get the $50 gift right I only figure what else they will screw up
This program is free for the first couple of months.  Then you get nailed with a whopping annual fee!  I had to cancel.
Just received my card. Went out to see what the percentage was. Wow...what a surprise. Thought I would get 14% with my credit score which is very high. Don't know what you need to get the 14% but I got 19%. Must need a solid 850 for a credit score to get the lower %. This was to replace another credit card that was a few % points higher. Needless to say I have no intent of using this card.
I applied for this card when they ran a 6 month of no interest on purchases over 149.00. When I got my first statement I got hit with a 21% interest rate on my purchase. I called Chase who is the service provider who approved me and they told me my credit score was not worthy to receive the promo rate, but that I did indeed get qualified for 2500 dollar credit limit. Makes absolutely no sense. They told me I should have read the fine print.I would NOT recommend this card service company to anyone. Customer service is the worse I have ever dealt with.
Screwed by Amazon on order. Made me get this card that I didn't want!!! Due to Amazon's ordering, I ended up with an extra Kindle I didn't want and couldn't return due to their customer service person who didn't have any idea what I was talking about or how returns were handled.  Will never order again from Amazon. And now I own 3 Kindles and have a credit card I didn't want and more bills to pay!!!! Piece of crap.  If you want to sell more, that isn't the way to do it!!!Very dissatisfied customerDianna Ray
I was making a purchase of about $150, so the $50 for the application seemed like a good deal this time around. I have seen this offer for a while and decided that this would be a good time to apply. After submitting the application it stated that it could not process the application due to some reason. The reason was not stated and I also did not receive an email stating any concern or reason for the delay. The statement mentioned that it could take up to 30 days for any type of notification. Just be aware that the instant may not be so instant. After going through the relatively short process for the application I was really disappointed and felt a bit deceived. It is possible that I fat fingered something but even if that happened their should be a way to quickly resolve those kinds of issues.
I don't like having my purchases from Amazon automatically be charged to this card.  Previously I have gone through PayPal or have it charged to my current card which I pay off each month.  NOw I have an extra bill that I have to pay and often it is a very small amount like $4 when I purchase Kindle additions.  I plan to cancel the card.  I tried to change where the charges go but it only allows the Amazon card.
I have applied for this credit card a week ago and still haven't heard if I was excepted.  I am feeling a little nervous about giving personal information online and not receiving any conformation.  Is this a scam?Doreen Fettig
Card has not arrived!!  I cannot find it on-line.  I am going to be extremely upset if I must pay late charges.  Not worth the $50 credit.
Wow, I thought I was an intelligent guy, but I wound up with this. I got this to get no interest financing on a new camera. Oops, it is a variable rate card that does not apply Amazon's promotional offers. I have no idea how this application popped up from links in the promotional offer's link, but I'm stuck paying interest. What can I say, I'm a sucker!
My wife had this card and for reasons not germane to this review, had been carrying a balance.  When she managed to sign up several clients in quick succession in her business, we decided to pay off this card and close the account.  She paid off the entire balance nine days before the payment due date.  In the Terms and Conditions, in a section titled, "How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases", it clearly states, "We will not charge you periodic interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month."  Yet when a new statement was posted a few weeks later, interest on purchases was being charged to the account, contrary to the Terms and Conditions statement.We prepared a document with cut/pastes from the Terms and Conditions and the current and previous statements and called Chase two days later to dispute the interest charges.  As soon as we questioned the charges, without even getting a chance to cover the points in our prepared document, we were told that since she has been a customer in good standing, they were going to wipe the charges off the account and complete the closing of the account.Credit card companies very rarely rescind charges that are legitimately owed to them.  Obviously I can't prove intent but I'm VERY suspicious that these charges were applied with the idea that less attentive people will simply pay them.  As soon as it appears to them that you've actually read the Terms and Conditions, they appear gracious by wiping out the charges.Beware.
The card is a mystery.  Who issues it, where is it, how do you check the balance.  Of course Amazon is no help, not answering email inquiries about the sign up bonus/credit card as well.
I happen to like certain credit cards but others are not good. This one is not good. The customer service is horrible, they will place your card on hold and then not only not tell you, but when you call to ask why things are being declined, they'll have no idea why. Until you call THREE times. By then, all the items I had purchased for Christmas were cancelled and there were only 3 of the 20 things I had ordered were available. I missed out on some great, unique and amazing gifts that I was really excited to give. I realize it's only stuff. But it took me no less than 2 weeks to clear up the issue with Chase's customer service. That is unacceptable. I am going to pay off this card and then close it.
Card claims rewards paid on gas purchases, but the 2% has never shown up in the &#34;reward&#34; payment. The only rewards paid so far have been the Amazon purchases.
i did not get the card but it was registered as a payment option, i used it to buy xmas gifts. i got the bill on january but still no card. i did what they told me to do to pay, since i didn't log in till january 1st(payment due) the card wasn't registered anymore, i did everything i could i called, emailed, googled, etc to find out how to pay and nothing. they did not respond to any of my emails nor calls. still now i am not able to pay and they still don't answer... i gave up!
if you are desperate and have bad credit then the high rate may not be a problem, i just payed off the card and cancelled it.
Got it haven't even use it, don't plan on using it or even activating it.  Really ticked me off that I had appled for it 2 other times and the only reason it got approved this time,  because it was during the holidays.
Amazon should align itself with a financial institution that has the same values they have.  I give Chase Customer Service half a star.  We always pay our statement in FULL and on time with Auto Pay.  There was a glitch in my bank transfer last month.  Instead of working with us on fixing the accounting error, they nailed us with $125.00 in charges. After trying twice to rectify the error without success, I have resigned myself to closing my account. We will never use any card product again.
after being treated like I'm stupid by the online chat service, I learned a lesson, "the computer" knows everything. so I cancelled the acct.
This card's most worthwhile feature is the no interest for x months on a purchase.  The interest rate is 25.99% - ridiculously high.
I used this card and never received my amazon points so I will no longer use this card. Supposedly I was to get points for each purchase, but the points never showed in my amazon account. I will cancel this card.
I purchase through Amazon Credit card thinking no interest for purchase above $599. After I received my chase statement, i did not see anything like 0% interest for 12 months. I called customer support of chase asking for the 0% interest free and CS told me that there is no promotional offer. I felt like I was riped off for my purchase now paying High interest rate. I can't belive this fraud.
I have never not been approved for credit. Since they don't want to approve the card immediately I don't want the card and I want them to get rid of my information.  Where is a telephone number.
I signed up for one of these cards online when ordering.  For some unknown reason I was told it could take up to 30 days and I would not get the $50 promotion applied to my order but it would not let me cancel the VISA application.  There is no reason for them to not immediately sign me up.  My credit rating can't get any better it is just a scam to get you to give Chase your private information and then when I called Amazon and Chase to just cancel the application no one would help me.  They state that the credit card process has to go through.  They have no intention on giving you the $50 dollar promotion just want to get your private info which I feel very uncomfortable about and no one will help you!  I have never ever had a problem with Amazon.com but they need to go over this credit card promotion as it is just a SCAM!  Again I have never had a problem with Amazon.  Amazon tells me that this program is run by Chase but Amazon does need to review this program/promotion.
I chose to apply for this card because of the $50 off your order offer. I had selected some photography equipment that I could have purchased for less money from a different store, but the $50 offer put the sale slightly in amazon's favor.I applied, I was approved, I selected this card as my method of payment and I received no $50 off of my $1500+ order.I immediately utilized the help function (chat) to no avail, I basically donated an hour and a half of my time and skipped lunch only to get the &#34;You should receive an email within 24 hours&#34; answer.Guess what? 48 hours later and no email, no answers and still no $50.I didn't need another credit card.I had to choose 1 star to share a review here, but I'm telling you, it's zero stars.
Earn bonus points toward purchases when you use this card.... Not very true. Used this to purchase $400 worth of items. Points earned...$0!!! Not a big fan!!!!
Before I could even activate the card there were unauthorized charges on my account. I called immediately to cancel the account and explained that I did not want another card. Of course they opened another account without my approval. I then spent another 30 minutes on the phone getting rid of that one. I had to be transferred numerous times to get a rep that spoke clear English. Very disappointed.
I wouldn't have bothered applying for this card if I'd known then what I know now. I will be cancelling this card and making use of my other rewards card. This is just a marketing scam in favor of Chase Bank.
I love amazon so I got the CHASE card and a nice $30 credit.  Planned to use this card only for amazon charges, I never signed the card and it never left my house.  After 5 months of use, I saw a $150 charge for a very unclear product. I called Chase and they gave my a TEMPORARY credit while they looked into it.  Two weeks later they send me detailed information about the product, problem was I could not even read what they sent me ( simple screen shots printed from the FedEx web site and the product wed site).  Product turned out to be exercise DVD at $150 sent to an address that is not mine and in another state.  I was asked if I still want to dispute the charges by faxing them a form.  I called them pissed off and said I can not even read what you sent me, they had to explain what was on the screen shots sent to me, I said yes I want to dispute this and asked why I have to fill out forms and fax them in.  I was told I would not need to fax in the forms.  MY QUESTION TO CHASE IS HOW DOES A CHARGE END UP ON MY CARD WITHOUT SOMEONE GIVING THE CORRECT SECURITY CODE ON THE BACK OF MY CARD?American Express would not have allowed this, and if they did, the issue would have been over on my part with the first phone call.My request to amazon is to partner with AMEX.
Amazon train wreck or just a debacle?  I never would have guessed if from Jeff B and the boys.  Who knew?  Never got a bill nor a card (so I don't know my account number to pay it).  They called four times per day while I was on vacation (who takes their checkbook on vacation???) Took ten minutes to make payment with automated system. Come to find out my bill isn't due for another 12 days.  Took ten more to wait for customer (lack of) service to cancel card.Amazon needs to put some thought to this feature.  Why not integrate into your system?  I expect better from you guys.
I have been a faithful customer for years and have always paid on time in full. However, last month I submitted my payment on the due date (12/19) and it didn't post until 12/20. I did not receive any alert of a late payment. However, on my statement tack on the bottom was a interest charges and a hidden late fee.  The charges were over a $100 even though I paid in full as I have every single month. I spoke to two customer representatives that could offer no advice, except if I canceled I would lose my rewards points. So I will be canceling my cards after I have used them.
I also received a message stating I would get an email the next day regarding my application. It is now 8 days later and still nothing. I called Chase about the issue to make sure my info was actually going "somewhere". The woman said it takes 7-10 business days to process the application for credit. Then the card or a letter of regret will be mailed. The number I called is 1-877-242-7372. So far, I do not like doing business with Chase. If approved, I plan to close it after receiving the free gift card.
First i receive a new card.....Good ! It was nice but i didn't receive any gift card which one is $30 or $50 .I don't known why did everyone can have it.
My credit is immaculate, I have never been turned down for a card and I ALWAYS get approved within the hour. The ad spoke about a supposed "Instant Approval" for internet applications and made it sound like a two week determination period was unlikely. Now here I am days later and I had to call them to find out about my application because they never sent me the notification email on what the hold up was. So after 15 minutes listening to an automated machine I find out via prerecorded message that I will not receive the notification until 7-10 business days after applying and I have no way on asking why. Also the notification will come by snail mail. So much for "Instant", huh? And from what the other reviews are saying I guess I can forget about getting that $30 gift card even if I am approved. I should have known better when I saw "Chase" was involved.
Cannot access purchase with points on Amazon, keeps sending circular references that say you can only see pout balance at checkout, when you try that it says you can only see balance at checkout.There are a lot of 1 star reviews, this is one more - take them seriously.
I was told I'd get a discount on my order of $50 or more if I was accepted.  My order did contain some items not from Amazon directly, but more than $50 of my order WAS from Amazon. I was applied and accepted, but the discount was not applied to my order. I called Amazon customer service and was assured by the rep that if I went ahead and submitted the order, the discount would be applied. If for some reason it DIDN'T, she said, she would make it happen on her end. I agreed and submitted the order. Not only was the discount NOT applied, but the rep told me she was sorry, but powerless to give me the discount after all. I accused her of deliberately lying to me in order to get me to place the order, and she tried to placate me with a $25 discount (even though she earlier had claimed to be unable to give me any discount). I eventually did get a $50 credit I could apply to a later order, but I don't appreciate dishonesty from any company.
This sounded like a good card until I compared the high rate with the other moderate rates I have on my reward cards with other companies.  I don't use it because the rate is not in synch with the current market.
Your interest rate is way too high. It discourages me to use it . I would like to have it lowered so that I would be able to use it without worrying about the high interest.
I applied for this card to receive a special promotion and then the merchant I was dealing with could replace the item that was defective and I cancelled this card account because I did not want it.
I applied hoping to get an instant decision(as advertised) along with $50 credit but to no avail.  Was disappointed because I wanted the credit to be applied to item I was purchasing along with getting points for the purchase.  I have EXCELLENT credit and was shocked and concerned to what happened to the information I sent via the advertisement???  Will never do that again!!!
i applied, ready to purchase, needing my $30 credit towards the current purchase.  i have never been turned down on a card, always accepted immediately, but upon this application, i was told it would take up to 30 days to get an answer, get a card.  i don't want the card now, nor will I purchase the items on amazon now, and i can't find any information about how to cancel the application. completely misleading.  i've shopped with amazon just a few times and every time i am disappointed.
I regret that I ever applied for this card.  First I made the mistake of not being careful enough to know that it was the default card for my purchases.  Second I was billed for not paying CHASE because I was not looking for billing from them and ended up paying late charges something that no more than $15.00 dollars.  My mistake I canceled the card and will not reapply.  Regards.
Watch the dates- I signed up on the 3rd on January.  Because I read the fine print I knew my bill was due 3 weeks from the date of purchase.  After calling today- this is what I learned.1) my first bill will be printed and then mailed out Jan 22nd- so I might get it by the 29th.2) my due date to pay my bills are the 19th of every month.See the issue here?I paid off my card- in a local bank and canceled it.  I have no time for stupid billing to steal my hard earned money.Shame on Amazon for promoting this business.
If you like Chase Bank, give it time, you won't someday.  They're pretty good at bait & switch interest rates so keep an eye on the interest rate applied to your balance.  Better yet, pay it off in full any time possible.  Also, verify on your credit report that they closed your account (if you ask them to close it), sometimes it doesn't actually happen, the account (and credit) is left open which can cause you problems later when you apply for other credit.  Really surprised that Amazon doesn't use a better bank to handle their cards, I respect Amazon and this is somewhat of a head-scratcher that they continue with Chase.
I got this card thinking it would beat my other cards in service. I found out on the statement there is no description of the items I bought. I do keep up with these purchases in Quicken but if I have to call a service rep every month to get a description of what i bought? I'll just keep this card in my fire safe. Thank you very much!Regards, Jim j
So my wife and I purchased over half of the Christmas items for the kids this past holiday on Amazon.  Amazon was running a 0% interest for 6 months special.  We spent over $1000 with amazon on that order.  Two of the items we ordered were defective and really a poor quality so we returned the items.When the first month&#8217;s statement from Amazon showed up, I noticed they charged me interest.  Well, to make a long story short, when I returned the two items my total for the order was now below $1000.  Apparently that was the threshold amount to qualify for 0% interest.  Now we was $100 under that threshold.This is B.S.  So, to no fault of ours, because two items were defective and needed returned, Amazon yanked the 0% interest without telling us.  Even though we still spent $900 with them, that wasn't good enough, they had to yank the 0% financing.  If we would have known this wasn't going to be 0% interest, there were several items we could have just gone to Toys R Us and bought cheaper than what Amazon had them listed as.  For convenience because it was 0% interest, we bought them from Amazon.Never again.
I was a victim of identity theft, and because this card allows you same day credit access on new credit cards, a fraudulent card was opened in my name and had a balance created on it before it even showed up on my bureau report.  Additionally, the card was created with incorrect personal information and with an authorized user that I do not know.  Convenience at the cost of privacy and security is extremely concerning.  Once the fraud was reported to the card issuer (Chase), they were very courteous and professional with regards to cancelling the card, waiving the charges, correcting my credit report and beginning a fraud investigation.  However, their authentication methods and credit policies need revisited.
My bill was sent to the wrong address so I did not receive it for at least 6  or 8 weeks. I received a phone call and paid what was owed never receiving a bill. I receive another bill after making sure they had the correct address, I was charged about 40.00 late charges but you can't pay for something you don't know is due! The interest and charges are extremely high and it came on a chase bank card.
I just applied for the card and called Chase to cancel within 5 minutes.  I have an excellent credit score and they put me into the 18.25% interest Platinum rate card, not the 13.25% Signature card.  Chase is a bunch of sneaks!!!  I wouldn't even care about the interest rate because I don't usually carry a balance but they're scammers.
Hi hate to post this but I am very up set.  This was 6 months no interest and that is not exactly the case.  If you don't make the minimum payment they will charge you $25.00 put wait there is more.  You can't make extra payments or pay ahead...you have to pay before the 15th but after the 23rd ...AHHHHH I could keep up with the stupid way this is set up. I paid the whole balance and closed the account.  I don't have time for stupid cards and can't have a seperate calendar for just this cards payment schedule.
27 minutes talking to Amazon Customer service person who's accent was so hard to understand that it drove me nuts! I placed an order with my card, got the $50 credit on the order,showed the balance due from me and thought I was done,apparently NOT! Since Amazon took over 7 weeks to ship the order, I unfortunately added gift cards to my account since then and now that order was applied to the gift cards in FULL! I didn't check the do not apply to gift cards since the items were NOT on back order at that time and were thought to be shipped prior to the gift cards being applied. Plus now I didn't get the reward points for that stupid order or the $50 credit.Amazon would not let me go in and change the payment option of not charging to the gift cards since the order was "all ready placed" and being on back order means no changes! Augh!!! Amazon's customer service seems to have a script that they say over and over depending on the problem you have. They are not trained to actually FIX a problem. What a waste of time,effort and supposed $50 credit. Plus, you can't use the rewards for Kindle books! REALLY Amazon? I thought you liked having happy customers.
Like others that I just now read about this offer is nothing short of a scam. Bait N Switch!!!! Like Laurie B. and Ron S. i too am a loyal customer who thought I would take advantage of this offer to help save some money from my Christmas shopping expense. I have excellent credit and was told like the others that it would take up to a month to get approval and that the 50$ gift was now declined. I have yet to call customer service as I will probably rip someone a new #@$%. I will do what the good Lord says is turn the other cheek and close out amazon!!! I can say it's a shame because I am caretaker for my father who is a WWII veteran with Parkinsons who needs 24/7 care so I do not have the ability to drive any where to shop&#62; I guess I should thank Amazon for saving me a whole lot of money but now the stress comes in worrying about where I will find food and nutrition supplements that I can have delivered to the door as I dont get much past the front step!!! Joe C.
I was purchasing text books for law school, and upon checking out, I saw the advertisement that said I could save $50 by applying for the Amazon Credit Card.  Upon applying, I was approved instantly, but soon learned there was no $50 discount applied to my purchase.  I checked the e-mail confirmations and there were no codes or any mention of the $50 reward for obtaining the credit card.  I called customer service, and after being transferred to four different people who kept saying they didn't see any promotions, and asked if I was certain there was a promotion, I asked to speak with the manager.  She gave me the same condescending tone and said she didn't see any promotions on my account, and there were no promotions she could see.  She then said she would be happy to apply $10 to my account for the trouble.  I told her that this was unacceptable, and I clicked on the link that said &#34;save $50 for applying for an Amazon credit card,&#34; and she responded that I should go find the advertisement and fax it to her, and she would check at that point if they could honor the request.  I was absolutely dumbfounded by all of this, and have been a loyal Amazon customer and have always been very pleased with their customer service.  This whole experience was unbelievably frustrating.  I am so frustrated by this that I am considering whether I should completely stop using Amazon.  I don't want to do this because I have enjoyed the services for so long, but this was such a poor example of customer service that I may have no choice.
Have been using card for several months but haven't seen the rewards I expected. Every time I purchase something on Amazon there are no available rewards. Wouldn't recommend card at this point. I received more rewards from Discover card.
I recently received this card with a reward. I used the reward to purchase items on Amazon just before Xmas. I then discovered on 12/31 as I was paying end of year bills that Amazon was about to tack on late payment charges and interest. This was only about 10 days after using the card for the first time.  I had not received any statements by email.  It was way too soon for any snail mail statement. Their sign up reward was going to cost me more in late payment and interest charges. I no doubt  missed the devil in the details.....but I have many years using plastic to pay bills. This card is really aggressive at deceiving and trapping you. I do not intend to ever use their card again....I cut it up that night after I paid in full  (and got to use their reward as they advertised)
Worthless credit card. It served it's purpose buy getting me a discount on a purchase but I would never use it because of the high interest rate.
designed to have you fail. Difficult to find important info such as statements and phone numbers, they want to collect your late fees
After I purchased my first product utilizing my new Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card I received said product. This product did not work as described amoung a list of other issues anyway, I returned the product and ever since then the credit card company has been a night mare to get PROPER CREDIT on this account. When I first contacted them they said &#34;just pay the bill and you will be reimbursed eventually&#34; I refused to pay anything as I returned the product almost 1 month before I received the first bill & made the first call. 4 months later & I'm still arguing & fighting with them. I have no idea where Amazon is I can't them to respond at all so I would suggest STAY AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN FROM THE AMAZON.COM REWARDS VISA CARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Two days ago, my wife tried to use her card to purchase two plane tickets to Germany.  The card was declined.  Only then, did we realize that her first name was spelled wrong on the card.The next day, I called Amazon/Visa to fix it.  I was asked by a recording to give the last four #'s of my SS# and the first three letters of my mothers maiden name.  I did both.  Then I was put through to India, where I was asked a series of absolutely stupid security questions.  ie: the model of a car I finance 20 years ago?.  What college I attended? and others.... I'm a used car dealer!  I have owned and sold thousands of cars and trucks over the past 45 years.  I attended a few colleges over my lifetime..50+ years ago.  All of this security?  and THEY STILL SPELLED MY WIFE'S NAME WRONG!
I requested the card. Received it, but never activated it. All the sudden I got over 300 dollars charged to the card.
I love the rewards with this card. I run a business and was able to get a higher credit limit when I signed up for the card. I do 99% of my shopping (personal and business) on Amazon and I have for years. So, it made sense to get this card.I don't ever make the minimum payment on any credit card. I always pay the balance off. My first billing cycle for this card, I paid the whole balance, but needed to turn around and start ordering more stuff for my business. I waited a few days, and the payment went through on both the Chase website and my bank, but my available credit didn't change. I called Chase, and was transferred to three different people. All but one didn't speak very good English. The final person I got sounded like they were from America. I was told that since I was a new card member, a hold would be placed on my account until my payment had been verified. Well, it had posted on my bank and Chase's website. That's verification in my mind. They made excuses that didn't make sense. I thought it had been resolved. I asked why I had never been notified that I would have to call or why my available credit wasn't what it should be. I told the person I spoke with that it would be nice to be notified, either via e-mail or on the main Chase dashboard for my card. They told me to ensure that I had signed up for e-mail alerts. I am, but no notifications ever in regards to this matter.My second billing cycle came. I again paid the full balance, it posed on Chase's website and my bank, but my available credit didn't change. I had more stuff to order for my customers, so I had to again call Chase to get my available credit fixed. Again, I didn't get someone that spoke good English, so they're hard to understand. I was told that since I was a new card member, for each billing cycle for three months, I will have a hold on my account until payment could be verified. This person with Chase actually conferenced my bank in to confirm payment, but it had been posted as PAID on my bank and Chase's website. Apparently Chase can't add two plus two to see that it's been paid.And here we are in my third billing cycle. Same song and dance. I am tired of calling Chase, so I sent an e-mail to Chase and received a reply from a person's name that I can't pronounce. I mentioned the three month window that I was originally told, but this response made it sound like this is how it is going to be for every month. Below is their response:&#34;Upon review, I see that your payment of $XXXX is onhold.Please note that payments are effective on the date theyare received. The account balance will be reduced by thepayment amount once it has been applied to your account.However, we may wait up to nine calendar days before thecredit is made available. This time is used to verifythat funds are available for your payment.During the verification period, the amount of your recentpayment will be included in your pending transactiontotal. Once the funds for your payment have cleared, thepending transaction for the payment amount will be removedand your available credit will be updated. &#34;How ridiculous. 9 calendar days!! How do they expect people who run businesses to run a business. I can see waiting for someone who has poor credit history or just makes minimum payments, but like I said, their level of service is awful.
I typically don't apply for high interest rate cards, but as a proud Amazon prime member the $50 amazon.com credit and the points sounding like a good idea (just pay it off before interest compiles).  My application wasn't "instantly approved" and the response page stated I would receive an email after a manual review process.  I never received anything via email or postal mail despite the websites claims.  Don't care much as it was a instantaneous decision, I prefer my lower interest rate cards over this one, but thought I'd share my experience with others.  Another detail that makes the delayed and lack of response weird, I have a 730 credit score with no bankruptcy or foreclosures, application should have been a slam dunk.
Transferring the balance on this card tomorrow to one that's far less expensive.  The amount of points you earn is not enough to keep this card at the higher rate.
I completed all the information to receive my rewards card, was given the one discount as promised.  I have ordered thru Amazon since then and no mention of the reward card.  Nor have I received a card in the mail, or any information until this survey even about my card.  Not happy at all to give all my personal information, and who knows where the card is.  Not enough information given about how to use it or where it is.  Sorry
Most of my online purchases are done through Amazon. Because of this I decided to get the Chase Amazon rewards card to get the reward points to save on some of my purchases. When I received the card I started using it with no problems. I paid the bills  on time and enjoyed using the reward points. Then I get a letter from Chase with a submission form to the Social Security Administration to access my records. Failure to submit this form would result cancellation of my card. While asking for your Social Security number is a necessary evil we have to put up with in this date and time, demanding access to our records crosses a line. When I call Chase they told me this is requested from all of its card holders. I told them I had another Chase card and they had never requested this type of information from me. They said it was a different type of card. So it's not done for all of its card holders. I also asked why was this information not requested at the beginning of the application process? Why did they wait almost a year before sending me this Social Security form? I was not given an answer. So now the card is canceled. I will continue to use Amazon. I love the service they provided. The only thing I would like to request is that they would look into to this issue. While I &#34;will not give up my freedom for security&#34;, I will not give up my security for convenience.
Chase sucks.Signed up for card knowing it had yearly fee. Yet once card received, all related Chase documentations stated it was a no fee card. Fine, I'll keep card longer then one month after reading this.Then came first annual fee Chase charged along with now two late interest payments.That's OK, I'll join the class action suit already being prepared against Amazon and Chase for sending out misleading information.If Amazon puts up with this from their credit card representative company, then 'll be shopping online elsewhere.Thank you.
I applied for the amazon.com rewards card, I was suppose to get 30.00 off my order, I put together my order and was told it could take 30 days to approve, then I tried to reapply since I have good credit, and now was told I would get 10.00 off my order, there's no way of contacting anyone to get questions answered, this is a poor service for potential new customers. I really dont need your card anyway.
My husband and I were so excited not only to do our shopping on Amazon, but also have their rewards Visa as well.  Love all the perks, but after reading what people have gone through in regards to billing scams we are opting NOT to go ahead with this card. We also feel that, from past experience, that Chase is an unreliable and very untrustworthy bank and are sad that Amazon has partnered with them. I am writing this in hopes that Amazon reconsiders and does a more stand up job of providing a card without any hidden gimmicks.
I love Amazon.  Their customer service, shipping policies, prices....everything they do is great!Except for this partnership with Chase.  Amazon has done a very poor job here.Amazon advertises a deal for a new Chase card with no interest for a given period of time.The problem is that Chase starts the interest immediately....and it's a very steep interest rate!Amazon's customer service people will tell you that they have nothing to do with this, go talk to Chase.And Chase couldn't care less.This is all completely out of character for Amazon.  They have been the model business in every other transaction....and I order from them frequently. But on this one item, don't believe any of the advertising...it's just not true.
I have always had multiple credit cards registered with Amazon; other VISAs and Amex also. I buy hundreds of items, and at the payment step in a purchase, I click the appropriate card (business use, home-use-supplies, &#34;toys&#34; for myself, gifts or whatever.)  That makes it easy to watch expenditures for varied end use. And for taxes, business expenses should NOT be commingled with other accounts.If you accept the promo to obtain this Chase card, guess what? Amazon debits EVERYTHING to the Chase VISA. Even though, say, I clicked Amex at checkout. You think you can still keep your accounting/money-management straight, but not. Sneaky. Shame on Amazon (and Chase) for dreaming this up. No mention at checkout saying &#34;ONLY YOUR NEW CHASE CARD CAN BE USED AND IT WILL BE USED LIKE IT OR NOT&#34;. Better yet, don't show check boxes for other cards: make it obvious you are being forced to use Amazon-Chase.
Never received the card or the statement due to them entering the wrong address....wrong city.  They got my card and statement sent back but never notified me until my bill was way past due and I had to call to find out what was going on.  Thankfully they corrected it but still waiting on card and statement so hopefully they got it correct this time,  Since I have been a victim of identify thief in the past I am extremely weary of signing up for anything online but decided to try this cuz of the deals they were offering.  Thinking that my thoughts of not doing it was correct....  Really disappointed!  Hoping when I get the card in the next few days and if I use this card it is worth it.
I purposely shopped on Amazon so I could use my card and get the points and free shipping offer.  I got neither. Not happy since it was a pretty large purchase.
Cancelled after calling because I received no bill and was told payment was late and would have to pay a late fee. Terrible customer which is typical of Chase. Shame on me for not reading the fine print about who this card was through.
I received nothing about paying my bill until after many blog complaints.  Someone did put the payment address on the blog but my payment was returned to the bank and then of course, I had late charges.  I couldn't even see my balance from the Amazon site.  I paid it off and this month there's 12.00 from somewhere.  i have removed it from my account setting and will gladly mail it back to you and just HOPE you don't use it when I'm buying something when I use my other card.  I love Amazon and what it offers, but the card?  It sucks.
The interest rate was too high, so I cancelled the card. Other banks gave me much much lowest interest rate.
I may be wrong, but when I got my Kindle fire i was to get 50 dollars off, but best of my knowledge I did not. So I tore the card up and will never use it.
Be very careful when using this card.  I purposely tried to select another card to make a payment, and this card was billed instead.  I didn't receive any notice of late payments until it was already past due two cycles.  Thanks for the late fees and credit score reduction, Amazon!
I used this card as a way to save money, however all the savings I made on the card was lost due to a foreign transaction fee of 3% that is conveniently hidden from plain sight. I now use a credit card that does not charge a foreign transaction fee. I now have no use for this Chase Amazon credit card.
If you're desperate to get a visa "store credit card," then you should know your issue is not with Amazon, but with life for dealing you the horrible decision-maker card.  This is a garbage store card, with lousy loyalty rewards - why waste your time unless you are desperate for credit?
This card is ok to use until you get home to pay the bill. This card's interest rate is extremely high...be very mindful of it..
I sent the online payment the date is was due.  Somehow the payment was recorded the next day and I received a late fee and interest charge.  This was Chase nothing to do with Amazon.  Amazon knows how to take care of customers.  I wanted the late fee waived, guy on phone simply said cancel the card and I may receive more penaltiies.  So I did cancel.
You expect me to pay 19% when i have a card with 9%? You are crazy. I cancelled the card. Don't ever do that to me again.
I recently had a credit card cancel due to the Target scam, so I decided to get an Amazon card since I use Prime so much. I've always put all of my bills/payments onto one credit card and paid the full balance when it was due, so I was shocked when my full payment went through last month and I got a notice from Chase that they were suspending my card for &#34;suspicious activity.&#34; I spent an entire morning (at work) trying to resolve the problem - it turned out that because I was a &#34;new&#34; credit card user, there is a limit to how much I can spend (less than 50% of the credit allowed), and I went over that limit. Even though payment went through from my bank just fine, they cancelled my card and caused a huge inconvenience. Apparently, for at least the first four months, I am going to have to call an 800 number when my payment goes through to &#34;verify&#34; it's actually me paying it. This is the most inane policy I've ever encountered, and I don't even know who to complain to. Chase apparently doesn't seem to think this is a stupid policy, and who would I even contact at Amazon to tell them this is happening? Ridiculous.
The card works like all credit cards, but the customer service is non-existant. The customer service online service is unusable and the phone number for customer service on the bill is disconnected. I will not use this card again when shopping on Amazon.com.Laura GrahamPS: I wanted to rate with no stars, but the page would not allow it.
had I known it was chase that held the card I would never have applied.  I do not do business with chase.
I am not too happy with the card, I was not asked what date I wanted as my billing date.  I am drawing a retirement check that only comes once a month so in between I get sent the statement.  They didn't care to stick the late fee to me, I have asked for a particular date for the billing to be sent to me.  As of today's date I haven't heard from them.  I really don't care if I ever use the card again, I will probably go back to pay pal.
I applied to receive this card to receive the $30.00 bonus credit.  I was declined and am in awe!  I have perfect credit and have never been late on any payments. I am going to decline the card when I receive it...IF I ever receive it.
I allplied for the card received it in the mail.  But I never got the $30 gift card.  I love Amazon and buy a lot of things from them, but where is my $30.00 GIFT CARD??????????????????
I decided not to use the card.  It gives me another card I have to pay each month.  I am limiting my purchases by not using it
My existing amazon.com Chase Bank VISA card issued in 2012, with exp. date of 01/15 is unusable.  How may I resolve this problem?  Respectfully request immediately reply.  Thank you.
I wrote to Chase - Amazon to have this card cancelled and to have all of the unauthorized - unexpected charges removed from the account.  It is not a credit card that I would wish to use with amazon or anywhere else..
I had a VISA card which I hated; too long to go into.  I did not realize that when I took you up on your offer, it was the same company.  They just switched from the card I NEVER use to the new one.  Had I known, I would not have gotten it.Right now the only time I use it is when I buy Amazon products.  Wish you had a different card.
I opened this account because it supposedly offered a $30 credit with the first purchase. But I never received it. The interest rate is also over 22%.
Applied for card only to receive the $60 discount on an order that Amazon just lost only to be told that it would be 10-30 days for an answer. Immediately called Amazon to cancel, was referred to a number at Chase that was unable to help, was given another number by Fredrick at Chase that is no in service. Called Chase back, spoke with Supervisor who again was unable to cancel the application. Service from both parties is useless. Amazon should be ashamed for offering a card and not demanding that Chase give 24/7 support for the application/card.
The last two times I've tried to access my account it has me locked out for trying to access too many times.  I only tried once each time.  It wants my SS# and other personal info.  I find this insulting for the period of time I've had and used this card.Pissed Off
For years this card was great, I loved the 3% rewards on amazon.  Last year, after having major issues with Chase, I finally switched to an Amex card.  Chase flat out lied to me on several occasions- this, after doing business with them over many years (since they were Chemical), paying in full every month and having pristine credit.  Not sure what happened, but something changed at Chase in the last 2 years.Amazon is great, Chase is untrustworthy, arrogant and to be avoided whenever possible.
It's a Chase card... the #1 most hated company in the country.  Not giving them my money when I can support AmEx.  A company that does honest business and treats it's employees extremely well.  I kept the card for less than six months before I closed it.  I wish I'd been told it was a Chase card so that I wouldn't have applied in the first place.
Applied for the card with the knowledge I would get $50.00 dollar gift card to use toward my balance immediately, boy was I in for a rude awakening.  If it sounds too good to be true you better read the fine print.  They said it would only take a few minutes to process, I`m still waiting.  I have A One credit rating, pay my balance on cards every month plus I already have a chase credit card.  So what`s the problem ?  I am trying to cancel my big mistake now, so beware!!!
They promote this as an instant application and instant $50 credit.  But even with VERY good credit you don't get an instant response ("Sorry, please allow 30 days for review of your information").  Well, then you don't get the $50 instant savings, which lets be honest, is probably the only reason most apply in the first place.
I returned a poorly made pedometer and have not been  reimbursed. It could not be set to work and was built with a very uncomfortable plastic band. The adjustments went form too loose to too tightI had returned another pedometer which had terrible instructions and could not be used. The 1st one left me with a  credit for 50$ which disappeared when I ordered the 2nd. I spent hours online and NEVER got a person, only screens which had fixed questions ,none of them relevant. I am out $100 plus s&h; which was supposed to be free after I spent  $35. They split the order in 2 so each half was under the required amount. Needless to say I do not intend to deal with Amazon ever again
I am an avid Amazon customer, but I wish they would chose another card administrator than Chase.  During the enrollment period I selected auto pay, but apparently defaulted to auto-pay $25 minimum amount. On my first statement I realized it didn't auto-pay the full amount and thus I had a late fee. When I called to question Chase and to see if they would waive the fee they were pretty rude about it and couldn't do anything about it.  It really left me with a bad feeling for Chase and thus Amazon.  I will probably cancel the card and use another card for these purchases as it will take quite a while to make up for the charges on the additional 1% rebate I receive.
Over 19% interest and membership yearly fee over $75.00 that wasn't disclosed.  Outrageous RATES.  Dissatified Customer.  Don't apply for this card.
I saw the offer, like most, to see $50 off my purchase when approved for Amazon's card. What Amazon doesn't tell you is that there is more than one card. I made my application and was instantly approved for the Amazon STORE card. Who knew there was a difference? I later learned that the promotion is only good for Amazon's Visa, administered by Chase, NOT the STORE card, which is administered by GE. I don't recall anything that made the distinction in the application, nor did I ever see a pop-up that explained the difference in the offering. I will likely cancel my store card, since I don't need it. Depending on Amazon's response, I am considering filing a consumer complaint with the Commonwealth's Attorney office.
I never got the card when I signed up- I tried to contact them online and by phone and they wouldn't/couldn't give me any info w/out the card number and security code which I couldn't provide because I never got the card- they said they'd send another- in 3-4 weeks..that never arrived either..finally a friend of mine who works at Chase intervened and got a card sent to me (overnite) name spelled wrong so she tried again and I had a card within 24 hours.. Totally and completely unhappy with Chase..and I am not going to activate the card and will never use it..would rather pay on Amazon the way I always have before..very very frustrating experience (altho I did get the bonus points for applying..thanks...not worth the frustration, but thanks)
The card was sent to my correct address but the first billing statement went to my old address (?? Why??) And I was charged a 25$ late fee. The billings are not coming and when I CALL on the phone for assistance they refer me to their website. I would appreciate speaking with a customer service representative that speaks clear English as well. I didn't appreciate the NO waiver of late fee on my first payment because of Amazon's billing error.  I rarely use it and I detest all the &#34;suggested shopping&#34; email I get from Amazon. Get out of my email and shove your fees.
I'm not here to play games.  My credit worthiness/income is more than adequate, but they give some excuse that they "can't approve me now" so I don't get instant credit off my order.  My credit score gets dinged for applying.  FORGET IT, CHASE!  I will never do business with you.Amazon should rethink who they associate with.
Amazon.com Gift CardsI signed up for an Amazon Credit Card at Christmas, with the promise of a $30 gift card.  I cannot get Amazon to send me the gift card.  Help.
Paltry rewards bucks don't make up for super high interest rates. I'm paying mine off and closing it very soon. Big mistake transferring my high credit line to this card. Now I have to transfer it back to my other card if the bank will let me.
applied for card due to the advertising to get "$60.00 off todays purchase". card was not issued until 24 hours after the purchase, hence I ended up using an existing card. not going to waste my time with this one, will be cancelling as soon as I finish writing this. Thanks for the email for this review, I had completely forgotten I had this card!
I use Amazon all the time and have to say I love it. Unfortunately the amazon rewards card is a major bust. When I first received the card I did not have a chase account and it was almost impossible to log on to make payments. To ease the pain of this I opened a chase account so I could link the two up.I have had this card for three years now and have to decided to stop using it and to close my account. The interest rates are sky high, and the actual reward points are a joke.Throughout use of this card I seem to only have received about a third of the actual points I have earned. Save yourself some hassle and get a credit card with a better point system that is a bit more reliable.
I had the Amazon Rewards card from Chase years ago, from about 2005 to 2007. I was one of the very first Amazon Prime members. I used this card a LOT, loved getting the 3% back, and I never kept a balance on it. Then one day, Chase informed me that they would begin charging interest from the date of purchase rather than from the end of the statement cycle. In other words, they would be treating purchases as if they were a cash advance in terms of when interest applied. Mind you, I NEVER kept a balance on the card. I called someone at Chase in disbelief, saying, "It looks like you're charging me interest from the date of sale, unlike every other card on the planet." The customer service person simply said yes, that was true (no attempt to keep me). I immediately canceled.I spent a lot with Amazon, apparently got too much in rewards (from Chase's perspective), and paid off my balance in full every month--so I guess Chase just wasn't making enough money. I noticed the $50 off the HDX promotion today, and I checked to see whether Amazon still sullied their reputation by associating with Chase. When I saw that they did, I had to write this review. Chase, you should be ashamed. I kept up my end of the deal, but I suppose you weren't making enough money on the fees you charge Amazon alone, so you changed the rules on me to try to squeeze out a few bucks. To this day, I will not consider a Chase card or Chase banking services.
I understand everyone is up in arms about fraud alert given what happened w/Target and Neiman Marcus in December, but Chase has taken this to the extreme. They are now requiring customers to call them ANY TIME they travel, or arrange travel, outside of a 100 mile radius of home. This is a ridiculous requirement, and one that they can't seem to manage even though they require it.For example, over the past 30 days, my husband and I have been making charges in 2 other states due to a familiy tragedy. Our card was declined for fraud alerts on 4 separate occasions. After each occasion, we called Chase and cleared the issue, each time reminding them that we would still be making charges in those states. We had been assured each time that notes were in the system and we would be OK. But alas, today, as my husband went to pay for dinner after his mother's wake, our card was ONCE AGAIN REJECTED FOR FRAUD. I am in process of transfering all my monthly charges away from this rewards card, and will cancel this Chase card in the next 30 days. Disappointing. Humiliating. Infuriating. This aggravation couldn't have come at a more stressful, painful time, and Chase Bank's complete incompetence to FIX THE PROBLEM is what's making me move my business elsewhere.
I was in the ordering process for an Amazon item when an invitation to apply for an Amazon credit card was presented.  It was stated that this might take up to 2 weeks - it has now been over two weeks.  I emailed Amazon about the delay and, of course, received no reply.  Today I placed an order on ebay for the item I wanted to purchese from Amazon.  I believe that the product was most likely a good product, but I will now never know.  Why Amazon shows such disrespect for it's customers is a mystery for me, it doesn't sound like a business plan that will survive.
Don't be fooled by these bells and whistles such as cash back.  This bank should be ashamed of itself. It charges outrageous interest rates and the first time you pay one payment one day late they act like gangsters from Chicago in the 1920's and increase interest rates to 19.99$!  Outrageous and should be illegal. And, then they have the gall to pat themselves on the back for giving back a few pennies for thousands of dollars you spend.  Pay off you cards and cut them up.
Hello !  I signed up for my Amazon VISA card in December of 2013, and I never got it in the mail !!  I've been wondering where it is . . .  ????  PLEASE send it to me and I'll be happy to rate it after that.  THANKS so much !Nancy Groff
Got the card and was starting to use it and the next thing I know is that I get a bill days after I get the product. 5 to be exact. I paid the card off, and cancelled it.  Bad customer service by Chase Bank.  Sorry.I love Amazon!!!
Plain and simple, Chase is a terrible to deal with.  I had a small issue with a bill and they refused to fix it, it would have cost chase $27 in interest charges and I would have been happy.  I had a similar issue with Discover and they fixed my issue, issued a refund and gave me an extra credit just because I had to call them.  There are other small issues I've had a long the way but this is what pushed me over the edge to cancel this card.
I made a purchase on Amazon stating the interest rate of purchases over 599 would qualify for 0% for 12 months. I received my credit card from Chase. Received my statement a few days later. The statement does not reflect 0% for my ~$1300 purchase.  Called to inquire. Was asked 20 questions by CSR where I saw it, what web site etc.  Got no where so requested to speak to a Supervisor, received a less then professional response telling me it would be investigated, they may or may not honor what was put up on Amazon's website.  I no longer trust Amazon or Chase and both should be reported to BBB for this shady advertising tactic. I am looking at returning all of the merchandise purchased and getting credited on al so that I may conclude my current and all future dealings with both companies. This is not the only place to get a good deal on or off line. I would think Amazon would appreciate its customers more. Chase, shame on you.
I can not believe I am saying this about Amazon ( I have been a Prime member for 4 years), but I can tell you this is the worst customer service I received in years. I bought an $800 camera and I was prompted that if I apply for an Amazon card I will get 0% interest for 12 months. When I received my bill I was enraged to see they are charging me 20% APR. I called chase they said I should call Amazon because that is the store card not the chase card. When I called amazon I was told that they can not do anything for me, as if I as a customer should know all the difference between a store card and a amazon chase card. The supervisor actually was very quick to return me my prime membership fee and close my account. I thought they are the best but this is the absolute worst I have seen. Never again will I purchase something on Amazon.
This is the second time I have applied for a card to help me save on a current order I am about to place who would try to save $50 if possible,The app was filled out so I could save the $50 instantly on my purchas Then it comes back it needs further review and I will be contacted in 30 days,WELL that did not help my order once so ever now that have an app for a card I no longer want or need, Credit score is excellent,House paid off, please what more do they need to review! So what a SCAM they get your app The customer does not save the $50. So be aware.Choice privlege rewards did the same thing.I am not Happy!!
Chase is notorious for "forgetting" to send a monthly credit card bill and then nailing you with a very high late fee for EVERY DAY you are late. Most of us juggle many bills every month so it's easy to overlook the fact that a bill is "missing", This is a scam of all scams and remember AMERICA,,,,,,,Chase is one of the ones that started the financial meltdown of the United States of America's economy.  And Chase is the one that took hundreds of billions of dollars from the Federal Government.
This Amazon Visa card is HORRIBLE!Since I started it I began to receive all sorts of Amazon ads and crap information from not only Amazon, but also Amazon's sellers.I am sure that Amazon had released my personal information, as well as the history of all of the items I have purchased through Amazon to ALL of their related sellers!This Visa card is nothing more than a marketing tool for Amazon, and a vehicle to centrally locate your market history and sell it, or even give it to Amazon's merchants!!I CANCELLED IT!!
I expected to get $30 off my purchase, but it didn't show up, even after I was approved, with &#34;Congratulations&#34;?! I ended up paying the full price with the new card I was just approved for, thinking the $30 would come off at the end. WELL THE $30 DIDNT COME OFF AT THE END, so I gave my information away to yet another crooked bank. DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THE $30 OFF AMAZON CREDIT CARD. IT IS A RIP OFF.
I did indeed apply for your C.C...but also cancelled it the same day ( I got a moment of clairity )...so as of today, I DO NOT have a valid C.C. of yours...SO DO YOUR HOMEWORK !!!
Amazon Customer Service is a 100% complete stonewall organization who knows so little English they can only read random answers of a script sheet.  Much like a Seattle, King County Judge said of one of their contract  executives who filed a law suit against a customer, "not credible" .It's in the public record King County District Court, State of Washington, case 106-01203
The basic problem is that I thought I was getting a $30 gift (debit) card and, further, one that I could  use anywhere.  That is the message I got when I applied for it when I made my last purchase.  What I ended up with is a credit card  and the only place I can use the $30 is at Amazon.  When I tried to use it a debit card in a grocery store, i was required to enter my pin.  But I have no pin.  So then I swiped it again as a credit card.  It worked.  However, it left my $30 intact and left me with a $37 bill charge on the card.  This is nonsense.  Amazon should know better than to pull that kind of garbage.  I expect a reply to this &#34;rating&#34;.
I don't have this card and don't intend to get it.  Why are you asking me to review it? Get over it!
My wife applied for it and the only instant thing it did was say, wait amazon will get back to you if you are approved.  When you say instant either instantly approve or deny.  Kinda shady to do that I think.
The only reason I obtained this card was to use the reward points for purchases through Amazon.  I can't use them for any digital downloads for my Kindle.  I used to be able to get an Amazon gift card and then use that for the downloads.  You could get one for 2500 points, then it was changed to 5000 points, now it's gone.  Why do I want to get a book when I have the Kindle???
Lots of shenanigans here. Avoid this card. They are playing games before you even get the thing delivered. I ordered this, tried to cancel when they wouldn't give me the $60 gift card but, of course, "I'm sorry but it is too late" even though it was one day later and I didn't get approved for another 5 days.AVOID.
Okay fellow shoppers it looked like a sweet deal and I was about to apply for this card but when I saw the card issuer is ( CHASE BANK ) I backed off like it was a deadly fire. A couple of friends had this card and had nothing but trouble with Chase. Also when there is an issue they and customer service are virtually non existant, but when they want extra money you'll be relentlessly hounded and slapped with late fees. They took over ( Discover ) card a few years ago and the same thing happenedPeople have asked me what the problem was so I'll share with you I had a ( Chase ) credit card in the early 19 90's and was very happy for a few years then it happened { PROBLEM }---> I always pay the first of each month and usually double the minium payment due, however they started something new wanting a second payment on the 15th of the monthDuring their extra payment demands what you don't know is that while not getting the second payments they are adding late fees on to your account and ruining your credit rating by reporting you to credit bureaus as delinquent. After contacting them for three months or more trying to solve the problem and getting nowhere I was forced to seek legal help a lawyer told me that, that was called double billing and is illegal. Lets just say that at that point Chase and I got a divorceAdvice and suggestionI strongly advise people who had problems with them to check your rating/credit report with the 3 major credit bureaus ~{ 1 Equifax. 2 Experian. 3 Trans Union }~ there you'll see what was said about you. I was shocked to find that they reported me as delinquent on an account even though my receipts proved that I had paid them early and more than what was dueI love ( Amazon ) and have been a very happy well taken care of by them customer for years now, but anything issued by ( Chase Bank ) I avoid like the plague. Seeing what's been done to others here doesn't surprise me after my experience with them in the past. If the card issuer was ( Citi Bank. Capital One. Bank Of America. or Ge Money Bank ) Awesome I'd have gone for it then they are good
I GOT THIS CARD THINKING, YAY... IT NEVER TOLD ME MY CHARGE LIMIT AND I WENT OVER BY $30 AND IT REPORTED ME TO THE CREDIT BUREAU VS MAKING IT SO I COULDN'T GO OVER MY UNKNOWN LIMIT... WORST BANK EVER
I applied for this "amazon.com" credit card and I have not received any replies from amazon nor the credit card issuer. Ive read a few of the reviews for this credit card and have noticed a lot of negatives after applying.  I should have checked before applying. I honestly trusted amazon.com because I have never had any big issues with them. Now I am concerned about my private and sensitive information not being processed and secured properly. I have very good credit as many others have stated yet I have not received anything in reference to my card. I am a bit worried and will be calling amazon very soon. I will be posting the questions I ask and the answers I receive from amazon to relieve some of you (hopefully) whom feel the same way I do.
I got the Amazon Visa to take advantage of $50 credit.  Had it for 4 months and have now cancelled it - my bank sent payment which arrived a day late and it cost me $40 in fees and interest.  When I asked them to credit the fees and simply move the date payment was due, they talked nice but would not make this a gesture of good will.I have an excellent payment history and very high credit score - I just wanted them to help work things out so we could continue with a good working relationship.  It has not worked out.  There are plenty of cards out there, we'll just go to someone else.
I was a customer for almost 10 years paying my balance off every month until a charge on April 23, 2013 of 2505.00 from a vendor called GREEVOLT HYBRID SOLUTIONS CEO Brian Dennecker regarding a hybrid battery charge was disputed.  The vendor failed to send a warranty at the time of purchase or delivery of the battery so I chose not to install the battery, I returned the battery via FEDEX and requested a refund. I started a dispute process that is still ongoing roughly May 5, 2013 After emails, photos of all  batteries in question,  serial numbers, receipts of purchase from a competitor and proof of a core refund from the competitor, Chase still sided with the vendor. All the vendor said in a letter is, I sent the battery with everything, he kept my battery and sent me his old one, here are some random Photos' of hybrid batteries and Chase VISA sided with the vendor.  I sent Chase over 15 pages of documented proof supporting that the vendor was committing fraud and chase still sided with the vendor.  All of this is has been filed with the NY Better BB and the Staten Island NY Better BB and the Attorney Generals Office of Staten Island NY for public review.  In a nut shell chase does not protect it's customers from proven fraud and I will never use or recommend their services to anyone.
I took this card offer and within 2 weeks, my full information, Name, address, social security, birthday was out in the wild, and I trace this back to Chase and this offer. I had to change all my cards and bank accounts, Paypal and my DEBIT card. (did I mention they got ALL my data?)It wasn't worth the hassle and I use the Amazon store card from GE capital with no problems.I should have known better: I had a Chase card years ago and problems that had to go to the federal Comptroller to get it settledHere is the link. If you take this card you will need it[...]BTW I have excellent credit (scores are around 800) so this is not about missing payments etc
I just tried to make a purchase and received a message I dont understand. Im told I cant purchase with my points, this method was removed as an option and the purchase was charged to my card. WHY give me points if I cant use them? WHY advertise this wonderful card with these wonderful points to only remove them? Anyone have this done to you please let me and everyone else know. If Im misunderstanding this email message surely amazon has someone with better communicating skills.
because it's through chase they won't allow bill to show on my savings bank bill pay but I can get my bills pushed through with my discover card and my ge capital visa ...so i  almost missed payment because the paper statement did not show up in the mail during big snow storm.  GONE ...cancelled card .  The points weren't that great anyways and I certainly am not going to cry for not having  their card.
I applied for the instant $60 off my order and of course did not receive it.  I waited two weeks and it still did not come.  It has now been over a month and I still don't have an answer.  My credit score is in the 800's. I'm a little conserned because I put my personal information out there.  I could not wait for the $60 off and had to pay full price for the item.  I think this is another scam Amazon is using.  I had to remove my credit card information from Amazon's site because it was used to purchase things I did not order.
OK. I'm a usually satisfied Amazon customer, have been for years. But this card deal stinks. It was presented tome in a classic &#34;bait and switch&#34; manner. I was ready to make a $200 plus purchase when I was offered this card with $50 discount on the purchase. Sounded like a good deal, right? Wrong it turns out that I will have to wait as long as a month for the card issuer to get around to vetting my history and issuing the card. A call to Amazon customer service confirms that this is indeed the case and because of &#34;heavy volume, etc etc yatyatyata nothing can be done.  As you can see from reading other reviews this has happened to any number of other customers who were sucked in by this scam. Shame on you Amazon!
BIG TIME RIP OFF.  NO INSTANT CREDIT RECD.  WAS TOLD IT WOULD TAKE 30 DAYS.  I purchase from Amazon on a reg. basis.  Own my home and have NO bills other than utilities.  I am a credit card company dream customer.  No reason for the wait  Last time I ever do that again.  Oddly enough Amazon gave me a credit card instantly and offered to finance but no VISA  Be careful because you will end up on every EMAIL list and PHONE CALL solicitation list out there.
I was not impressed with this quilt. I felt that the construction was of poor quality, that it would be very easy for the quilting threads on top to snag and pull. Additionally, when I wanted to return the item, I was told that I could exchange it for another item, otherwise, I would have to pay for the shipping myself. Finally, my order was shipped to me in a used, beat up box. I will not place another order with this vendor.California King Size 400 Thread count Ivory Coverlet Set Including Matching Shams 100% Egyptian Cotton
I would like to return this purse, it is a poor representation of Coach bags.  I owe several other purses and this one looks good online, but in person it is anything but a true character of Coach designs.
I can get approved for every other card I applied for, but when it comes to any card that involves CHASE I get denied.  Then I call the customer service to try and get some answers, but then I end up talking to some foreigner who doesn't have one clue or one answer for me what so ever.  STAY AWAY!!!  GO WITH DISCOVERIT, BARCLAY, AMERICAN EXPRESS, OR CAPITAL ONE!!!
When trying to check out one day I had this add pop up saying I could get $50 off today's order if I apply for the credit card.  Occasionally I will do the quick credit thing if it can save a few bucks off my order.  Basically this graphic comes up with your order total for the day minus the $50.  Since my credit score hovers around 800 and I've never had an issue getting quick credit, I decided to apply.  Needless to say it took my application but I didn't get immediate approval, no reason why, no chance to stop the application process.  A message pops up saying that it may take up to 3 WEEKS(!) to approve my card and another two weeks before I receive the $50 gift card.  I understand any number of reasons could stop the instant credit but to take this long to process the approval in today's world is nuts.  I contacted Amazon immediately to try and cancel the application but was told there was nothing they could do.  Don't bother with this card.UPDATE: Had to call chase to get this application cancelled.  Even then it was a hassle.  Had to transfer to multiple operators to make any progress.  The idiotic part in all this was that the application was in the queue and I don't believe anyone had even looked at it yet.  All I could get done was to put a comment on the application to cancel it. if you're looking for quick credit, this isn't the way to go.
I am disappointed in Chase.com's policy. I was told that a charge was too old to dispute. I feel like I have been taken advantage of and there was no solution presented other than to contact the merchant. I though that is why there is a dispute team in place, to dispute charges to my credit card. Oh well, live and learn
I applied to open up an Amazon.com Visa charge card and was approved.  For some reason my full address was not used for sending me my card or statements.  I had contacted Amazon at least 2 times about this problem even though I did not know why I never received anything but it was not addressed so I had no idea where or when to send in my payment.  This morning I received a call from Visa stating that my account was over due and that my account had been closed down.  When I explained to the gentleman on the phone that I had never received any Visa card or documentation from Visa he was able to verify this by stating that everything mailed to me had been returned to them.  Why they never contacted me when this happened is still a question in my mind.  So now I have a bad credit or late payment credit history against me and no charge account as I mentioned they closed my account.  I paid the bill in full from my phone and hope that the issue is over!
I have very good credit but yet when I got the card they gave me a 24.99% interest rate. Will be canceling this soon unless they can work with me on the interest rate. This is ridiculous.
I applyed for this credit card online...entered all my informations but instead of the 30 seconds answer I got at the end a message that it will take up to 30 days to receive an answer by mail. No reference number, no contact number to make sure what happened to my file. Also they say they will send you an email to give you all the informations, but no enail was sent.
I know. Everyone claims to have GREAT credit when they are declined. In my own case I finally decided to apply yesterday July 7th and for the very first timee in this lifetime I was given one of those ominous "you will receive a letter within 30-days" messages. I had just run my 3 source credit report three-weeks ago and there was not a single negative listed and overall score medium was over 750. The frustrating part is that there is no tel#, no anything to do, say, contact, call and of course cannot blame or even seek assistance from the phenominal Amazon customer service department which is a bit frustrating. I cancelled my purchase and have made a decision that if Amazon does not even require these credit card companies to post a contact number and as I would expect assumes no responsibility for anyone receiving credit (why would they as would be creazy) than I am on a Amazon purchasing strike until I receive this "letter" which I am sure will contain some mumbo jumbo that will make no sense. I know is unfair in some way to Amazon BUT they have the power to require the companies whose cards they sponsor to provide some means of contacting these same companies. This is the "only" criticism I have ever had to offer for how Amazon runs it's excellent business which is always so effective and customer friendly. I would also go on a hunger strike but I like food more than air and that would fail after approximately 33 minutes. Thanks for reading without going back to sleep! Scott
I applied for the Amazon Visa because during the check out it stated &#34;Apply now and receive $100 of your purchase NOW&#34;. I applied and received a &#34;Approved&#34;! only to find out that I would not receive my OFFICIAL approval for two weeks! I have a credit score of 775! and was only approved for a $500! Can you believe that! I have two other credit cards with $25,000 limits, both have under $2,000 on them.  This is an insult in which I am canceling the card and taking my business elsewhere!  Amazon is too big for its own good!  They can shove it!
When u try to pay in full it is &#34;&#34;&#34;NEVER&#34;&#34;&#34; in FULL.. You must continue to make payments until they say its in full which is when i don't know but if you pay the requested amount u will then have a balance due the next month, as well as the month after that until you call them and deal with it... that's what i had to do.  I cancelled card.  AMAZON is great ...CHASE IS GARBAGE a sleazy bank with bad customer service and practices with intent to screw the little guy.
Read the User Agreement you will get in the mail for your card.  Go to the website they direct you to: [...]Try to find Chase's name anywhere.  Until this month it said JP Morgan. I wrote a series of messages on the Amazon Chase link.  NOBODY KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT JP Morgan!Warning: Chase dumps the correspondence after 30 days, so followup questions are pointless as you have to retype.***Now (updated 2013) it says First USA.Chase is NOT mentioned anywhere on the site.  The JP Morgan company site has no mention of First USA anywhere - including the history page.Sloppy with information, clueless staff.  I cancelled my card.
I order the product and I never received it on time, say about a month of wait. Then I received the product and the phone can't turn on,  a defective product. I asked the seller to give a discount to fix the problem but he refuse , he also refuse to pay for return shipping  cost  to ship back  the item to him.  I will not recommend this seller to any person. I was able to turn the phone on with a new battery but the phone automatically turns off and can't be recharge until  you take the battery out and charge it with a universal charger.  I am waiting for the sell to pay for shipping cost so I can return this item. I can pay for a phone for $162.00 and I am having a problem using it.
I will not use this card any more. After paying it in full two different times I get another bill for additional interest they charge after the fact.
I Love shopping on Amazon. I have purchased a lot of things. But I am very disappointed in their Rewards program. The first time I used my points I purchased Sephora make-up Gift Cards. Now, they have discounted them. All they have how on Rewards Gift Cards is mostly is Restraunts. I watch what I eat, so we don't eat out a lot. Very disappointing. Least to say I will not be using this card.
While I find the card convenient I do not find it easy to deal with Chase bank when paying my bill on line.  I do not like Chase Bank and would prefer that I pay Amazon for my bill and let them deal with what ever bank the like.
Be careful of your age, because if you are under 18 years old then you can not buy any thing on here because you need a credit card and if you don't have one then you can't buy anything on here unless if you have a amazon gift card.
This is the first credit card that I have that charged a purchase fee even though the bill was paid in full. The reason was because as long as you have a bill balance and was paid later on its a revolving fee. What the hell!! Will never use this card again. If you decide to open this credit card, and use it. Pay your balance off or you will be charged interest fee and purchase fee!!!
This is a bait by Chase with Amazon to this website customers to hook you easily.  Never get this card. For one thing they will charge you without mercy on customer purchase interest charge. Even though you're paying them more than the monthly minimum payment and good payment history, they will charge you without mercy. Yes, they told me, &#34;we will refund you back that $20 purchase interest charge, but you have to pay that 400 the whole amount right away. When I plead for help,the person elevated me to the supervisor, the supervisor is much more difficult to deal with, she asked me to send mail to the bank-credit card office. I did sent mail, but no response. I paid the whole amount plus purchase interest charge that they won't remove and I cut this card into pieces.  On points or rewards they will give you little as possible, compare to other credit cards....I advise you to go to Discovery card or Journey-Capital One credit card, they are very lenient to me, the working class, they're the best for me as a part-time working and nursing student. They give me high reward points and Capital One are merciful when it comes to purchase interest charge, they refund it as they see that I am a responsible loaner. Pays more than the monthly minimum required.  Or you can try Google search engine, check on the &#34;best credit cards for consumers&#34; available in the market, to your benefit. Never ever get this Amazon-Chase credit card, never.
My husband signed up for this card as the primary and me as the secondary.  It turns out that I can't created a Chase Online ID in order to make online bill payments because it's tied to my husband's social and they cannot do a proper joint account and tie my social to it.  Our joint account with Wells Fargo lets us have independent access to our joint credit card for payments.  I'm having my husband cancel my as secondary since Chase can't seem to support this properly.  If I can't make online payments, I'm not interested in the card.
Do youself a favor and get the CITI bank thank you card instead which offers the same perks and more, it too late for me i guess.
Watch out for this one. Late fees and interest are charged without warning. No statements received and payments always made before 30 after purchase. This is the worst company I have ever dealt with. Watch out. I wouldn't sign up for or ever use this card. you have been warned.
I applied for this card with the intention of never using it.  I wanted to get the $30 bonus.  I never received a card nor a bill, I didn't even realize that the card was being billed.  This card sucks.
Do not apply for this card expecting a $50 instant credit. You do not get it. They take all of your personal information then tell you it will take up to 30 days to approve your credit. THIS IS A SCAM!!!!
Interest rate is too high. 14.5% Will replace asap for this reason. Needing eight more idiotic words is stupid also.
I signed up for this card a long time ago when I bought things at Christmas. Was told I had it yet I never received it.
I have always used my debit card for purchases on Amazon. I was enticed to do the credit card to purchase a large item. Automatically all my purchases were put on the card. I have tried three times to cancel this card and have not been successful so far. I get assurances of cancellation and then another bill shows up after late fees have been charged and I'm told I made another purchase that I thought was going on my debit card. I will never do business with Chase again. Please stop using them.
I applied for the amazon visa and was approved for the 50 dollars on our order, but it did not take 50 dollars off.  Why didn't it?  So you can cancel the card.  Thanks
Since I did not want to affect my own credit score, I asked my wife to apply for this card and she did it via my Amazon account. We clearly filled out all details for my wife and only my wife's SSN was given in the request. Not sure what went wrong but Amazon/Chase did a hard credit enquiry on both of our accounts. They sent 2 cards and now I can see we both have a credit line from Chase listed in our Credit reports. This just beat the whole purpose of applying for the card for my wife instead of me. We receive only one bill in the name of my spouse.The card itself has no major benefits that stand out.
I have been battling with Chase since November over a charge on my credit card.  I had paid for professional services that were unprofessional, sloppy, error ridden, incomplete and so poorly performed that it cost me thousands of dollars to undo what this first professional had done.  On November 26, 2013, I sent Chase plenty of evidence of the sloppy work performance.  Sometime around the second week of January 2014, Chase finally issued a termporary credit.  After several rounds of back and forth with claims and counter-claims, and an obviously uncoordinated effort from the various employees at Chase, one of the people, Eugene, told me that he was going to send me the last round of responses from the "professional" I hired  Eugene said that he would overnight the package to me and that once I received it, I should have another lawyer comment on it.  I did not get the package, I emailed Chase that I did not get the package, I FAXED Chase, I used their message center letting them know that I was still disputing the charge but had nothing to respond to.  I sent in a quick note from an attorney but as we had no document, he had no way of giving an detailed response.  And then, after clearly putting Chase on notice IN WRITING that their employee had dropped the ball and failed to follow up on getting the document to me, they had the audacity to reject my complaint BECAUSE I HAD NOT RESPONDED TO THE DOCUMENT THAT THEIR OWN AGENT NEVER SENT!  Since that time, we eventually discovered said response, instead of addressing our issues was merely this grown man's  DADDY writing a letter about what a good attorney his son is! I have made several attempts to get them to reopen this matter but they have refused.  I closed all my other Chase accounts and am seriously considering giving up this credit card.  As great as Amazon's customer service is, Chase's has ben the complete opposite.  Sign on at your on risk.
I received a call yesterday am from a rep from the credit card company.  I told her I was on my way to work and did not have but a very short time.  She just started firing questions at me.  Told me about a loan I had (which by the way was incorrect as it has a zero balance) and what a good job we were doing managing it.  The killer was when she asked me what I had borrowed the $$$ for.  What business is that of their's??????  I would have loved to have replied &#34;street drugs&#34; but did not.  I was so angry with the questions I was asked as I felt they were an invasion of my personal life.  My husband I have have absolutely the highest credit rating.  I applied for the purpose of using the card for Amazon purchases and I use Amazon extensively.  I am very dismayed that Amazon would employ such a poor venue for their credit card.  I tried to call back the credit card company last night, but could not get thru as they requested a credit card number to be entered before they would connect you.  My opinion of Amazon is not at the high level it used to be.  I hope you will relook at the credit company and their ridiculous and insulting questions.
I applied for this card and first they gone tell me I will hear something in 30 days.Now it says 7 to 10 days.I thought it was less then 60 seconds.I pay my bills and I'm rebuilding my credit .I was young and dum and didn't understand that.Now I do and I pay my bills,How can people get a  chance to do better ,I know that I am really trying.I don't need a lot of credit just something to help rebuild my credit even better,So I can say I did it!!It's a cruel world out here!People need chances!!This really sucks all I need is a yes or no answer how hard is that!!!!
Once I pay off the current balance I don't plan on using the card again since it has fees for every transaction.
i never would have requested a Chase credit card except it would not let me through the payment screen on my discover card with a lower rate.  Chase has treated me poorly in the past by raising my rate 5 points for no reason.  I was a long time customer and always paid on time.  Please fix whatever the problem was that would not allow me to check out with my discover card and stop pushing Chase cards.
I have a $32.00 credit which I now have found that I can use only on amazon products. I extremely unhappy without credit card and will only utilize it to use this credit up. I will then shred the card. It took months till the card arrived, due to errors on your side, now my unhappiness has proven that I should never have gotten it in the first place
Dont do it! Approved instantly on line then no gift card and no ability to use right away. Called chase and said still has to be reviewed again and they ask for entire social security number and will not cancel the application.
It's Amazon I fault for such a poor user experience, not Chase, though certainly both should be held accountable, even for fraudulent advertising and deceptive business practice. Amazon interrupted my first-time buying experience with them to strongly recommend 3 venues I had not previously considered (Amazon Prime, Amazon Reward card, and Amazon Store card), the options of which they had no good intention of following through as advertised. Not only did I NOT get the "immediate" $30 off of a $485 purchase (which I still followed through in making), nor indeed any advertised incentive freebies whatsoever (like free shipping, 2nd day delivery, and other advertised Amazon benefits), my bank account was charged an extra $20 to simply apply for an Amazon card which Chase and Amazon had full knowledge up-front was not going to be immediately issued to me without putting my house up for collateral and offering certain private information to which they have no right and over which they have lost court cases.I've no doubt Amazon continues to pick up a good head of steam muscling in on the more personable and less problematic and court-addled brick-and-mortar shopping experience and even other more trustworthy Internet sellers, but one would hope this massive retail giant would further pause to actually value real people and not simply Amazon's  share of the buying/selling pie, or forcing an experience they know isn't going to turn out well for their guests. Some of the site's other features seem designed with their guests in mind, so why not the area/business practice where their guests actually support Amazon through giving them monies to advance their enterprise? When half of the responders or more have given the process a negative rating (and that's just the Amazon guests who have sloughed through the required waiting period but still felt the need to caution other Amazon guests from being taken advantage of by Amazon and Chase), it's long past time to consider a better approach. At the very minimum there should be the option to cancel the process once the advertised immediate value has been reneged and nullified, without having the Amazon guest charged for their trouble.The extended 'carrot' had been guest benefits, not unexpected and fraudulent add-on charges and further griefs with Chase, which Amazon's 'valued' guest wouldn't have had to deal with if simply making the purchase through the originally intended venue without falling prey to Amazon's deceptive advertising and business practice. But hey, they 'got' me - I wound up paying at minimum $60 more than advertised for over $450+ of merchandise, and that's only as it stands at this point and without yet receiving my purchased product by the promised delivery date. That's well worth my going to a local brick-and-mortar or making use of some other more reliable web-store. I'm sure it continues a boon to both Chase and Amazon to steal from their users while falsely advertising the opposite, so maybe nothing will change. I'll likely continue to use Amazon for reference and list purposes, so maybe I'm just a sap, but if they want to close the sale with this guest again they had better value guest finances and financial support of their enterprise, not simply advertise 'deals' and 'promises' they've no intention of honouring.
I canceled this credit card and am not going to renew my Amazon Prime membership, nor will I recommend Amazon products while Amazon employ's a drunken fool Mia Jarvinen, She is a Finance Manager for Amazon.Com, who Beat a Seattle homeless man.A judge Monday set bail at $20,000 for the woman who is accused, along with two off-duty Seattle firefighters, of the attack on a homeless man in Pioneer Square on Saturday.Judge Arthur Chapman found probable cause to hold 37-year-old Mia Jarvinen of Seattle for investigation of fourth-degree assault. Jarvinen waived her appearance in court at the King County Jail.Jarvinen&#8217;s attorney noted that she has no criminal record and said she &#8220;vigorously denies&#8221; the allegations against her.However, Chapman called the attack egregious and said Jarvinen is a danger to the community.Jarvinen was booked into jail just before midnight on Saturday, jail records indicate. According to her LinkedIn profile, she is a senior finance manager at Amazon.com.According to a police report released Monday, Jarvinen and two off-duty firefighters, Scott Bullene and Robert Howell, who are on disability leave from the department, initially claimed to have been the victims of an unprovoked attack. They told police they were walking through Occidental Park when a black male in a hooded sweatshirt attacked them for no reason, the report said.Jarvinen is Bullene&#8217;s girlfriend, according to court documents.However, police noted that further investigation revealed that Jarvinen, Bullene and Howell initiated the attack, according to the report. Police said the three encountered the homeless man while he was sleeping on the Seattle Fallen Firefighters Memorial in Occidental Park.According to Seattle police, Jarvinen began yelling at the homeless man and then kicked him before both firefighters joined in. Police said in the report that it appeared Bullene, Howell and Jarvinen were intoxicated.In an apparent attempt to ward off his attackers, the homeless man got up and stabbed Bullene, who was  hospitalized with a non-life-threatening wound. The trio is also accused of attacking a second homeless man who came to the defense of the first man.Neither firefighter has made a court appearance.During a news conference Monday afternoon, Seattle Fire Chief Gregory Dean apologized for the behavior of the two off-duty firefighters. He said members of the department are supposed to protect the public, &#8220;not put them in harm&#8217;s way.&#8221;He said Bullene and Howell need to be held accountable if the accusations against them are accurate.
We did not know anything about the card when we received it, Amazon started charging Christmas purchases to the card, we did not receive a December invoice, but did receive a January invoice with all sorts of &#34;Late charges&#34; from Chase. We had to spend hours with Chase and Amazon straightening out your mess.As you might imagine, these circumstances tempted me to report the results of the Amazon/Chase connection to the FBI and New Hampshire Attorney General's office.I do not intend to use Amazon in the future.
The money you &#34;save&#34; to get the card quickly gets eclipsed by the fees.But that's why companies have credit cards- it's certainly not to do the customers any favors.This is the first company credit card I agreed to and it will be the last.
DO NOT USE THIS CARD! I have never had a problem with a credit card company like this one.  I use bill pay and the bank paid the bill out 4 days before the due date and the credit card company is claiming it did not process until after the due date.  Even with documentation from the bank they refuse to reverse charges and did not care that they lost a customer over it.
I have spent over $4000 on my rewards card in December alone.  Just recently, a couple of orders were denied with the reward points. It said I had enough when I went to check out.  This happened again, and again.  So I paid the normal way and supposedly earned even more points.  So, by now, I should have points to spend.  Go to Chase and guess what?  My balance is a big fat ZERO!  Where the heck are all of my points?  I should have well over 4000 since a large number of these purchases were x3 purchases.  What's more, on Chase's website, there is a record of all of the transactions and how many reward points I earned with each transaction, yet still no points.  Where the heck are my points. Everything has been going smoothly for the past 12 months but I feel as though I am being totally shafted right now.
My fault I was late, but customer service is bad.  Continually hounded with phone calls from Florida.  Answered twice with no response.  Finally answered and waited until there was a connection.  Was told I owed Amazon.  Asked if they could send me an e-mail with the information and they said they could not.  Never mentioned Chase or Visa.  Had to call Amazon to finally track the charge to Chase.Again my fault, but well over 30 calls and never left a message.  User ID showed Florida.  When answering had to wait 3 seconds or more to get a reply.  Every other Bank, Bill, or any legitimate business will leave a message.  I will never deal with Chase again.Ty
The only reason I signed up for this cc was because of the offers made to get it. I charged my Prime membership on it and setup payments for it online. What I discovered was my first payment was due before I got a statement to pay it! If I had made a normal assumption that my payment was due after I received my first statement I would have accrued interest, and I don't pay interest. I pay off anything I charge every month. So, for anyone else who refuses to pay interest on a credit card, beware.I will never use this credit card. Ever. I don't like their deceitful tactics.
I had high hopes for this card.  It is convenient when ordering from amazon.  Amazon is my favorite website ............ but this card does not fit with the high caliber of Amazon - it is a rip off!  OVER 18% INTEREST RATE!!!!!  WOW!  Shame on you amazon!!!
I have an Amazon business card.  It is thru Chase who does not offer e-bill pay.  So, if you like to do your bills online keep this in mind.  It is a major hassle.
I was offered money off my purchase if I applied for this card.After I jumped through all the hoops, they said I would have to be approved, so  I did not get the money off.When I got the card I did not activate it because of the way I was tricked into applying for it.
Your credit card offer is totally misleading.You say I'll get $50 off this order if I apply for your credit card.I did.Then you/Visa tell me that I can't use that credit card until I receive the actual card.A week later, I still haven't received the card.That is totally misleading.Shame! Shame! Shame!.I canceled the card today and will NEVER believe whatever you say when you offer me a "deal."Bil Aulenbach
This is a fraud you never receive a bill by mail! Then receive calls from peoplenot properly identified! Then extra charges for late payments etc... Better stick to PayPal q
Chase has by far the worst customer service, they advised me over 10 days after an electronic payment transfer did not make it so they could charge a $25.00 fee, and did not offer to refund the fee even though the payment was made in good faith. I paid the card off and immediately closed this credit card account. I will never ever be involved with this bank again.
when i found out this credit was threw chase bank.finding that out, chased me away from completing the application(s).thanks...
I have been a holder of American express cards for nearly 3 decades. Amex once provided excellent customer service for card holders, they no longer do. The original business model was to provide excellent service for a small number of reliable (and higher income) customers for a fee. Now they are just another crappy credit card company. After 30 years of on time payments they raised the interest rate on one of my cards to 27% !!!!!!!!!!!!This was  because I made a payment one day late on a card. In the past the understanding was that  as long as you continued to make timely payments (within a few days) there would be no consequence. In fact, no credit card company that I know of considers your payment late for penalty purposes until you are 30 days late, which I have NEVER been.My 30 years of business over which I charged hundreds of thousands of dollars to my card have been rewarded with an interest rate commensurate to fools.Amex obviously relies  upon the perception that presentation of their card on check-out  tags you as an economically superior individual. And for this they charge a fee!My  advice is RUN! American Express offers nothing that isn't available from other credit card companies at no fee. They are merely exploiting high income individuals who worked hard to achieve their positions in life.If you feel good about supporting the robbers responsible for the 2008 debacle support Amex. Otherwise, support your local bank or credit union and do some good for humanity.I paid off my 27+ account and cancelled my Amex Gold. You should too!Remember, Amex just doubled their profits at YOUR expense!jk
Tried to apply for my growing small business.  American Express Business has no interest unless you gross sales are over the million dollar mark
That whole situation where you get suckered in to apply to get the $xx.00 gift card but then all the paperwork is &#34;lost&#34; or not &#34;applied&#34; to your application. Apparently they did an &#34;investigation&#34; into my application and were going to snail mail me a response which never came. When I called in the third time, weeks later, they had &#34;notes&#34; saying no link between my app and the offer from amazon. I, in good faith - did my part, they refused to honor theirs. Sounds like AMEX is taking notes from the IRS and conveniently &#34;losing&#34; things. If you like being lied to, hit that apply button.
I applied for an American Express Gold Card promising me 30,000 points if I spent $3,000 within the first 3 months plus one-year without a fee.I spent the requisite amount in June and kept looking for my rewards. After contacting American Express by phone and via letter, I was told that they could not find my card linked to any offers and denied the bonus points to me.I have since canceled this card.
I generally like Amazon's offers, but this credit card carries one heckuva of an annual fee! $175!!! I've never seen an American Express offer, or any other credit card offer, where the annual fee was so high!!
I received an offer for my small business of 50,000 AMEX reward points if I spent $5,000 over a 3 month period.  The offer included a clause that you could not have had the same AMEX card type within the past 12 months.  I had a prior Gold card card but requested it be closed 13 months ago.  However, I  made my final payment within the past 12 months, so I called AMEX to inquire if I would be eligible for the new offer.  I was told I would.  I applied and received the card, and before changing many of my recurring charges I called AMEX again and asked if I would get the reward points if I completed the prerequisite charges, and was assured I would.  Both of my calls were on their recorded line.  After 3 months of charging well over $5,000 I called about my points and was denied the rewards.  I protested, explaining my calls prior to using the card, and giving them the dates of my calls that they recorded.  Incredibly, AMEX found the calls and listened to them but noted that those AMEX employees I spoke with &#34;made a mistake&#34; and gave me erroneous information.  The &#34;marketing group&#34; that my case was escalated to for review and who denied the appeal for the rewards points was unavailable as that group &#34;did not have telephones&#34;.  The &#34;manager&#34; I was referred to agreed that AMEX employees had provided assurances of my points award but simply refused to honor their own employees' comments.  Given their response I can only advise readers not to trust any AMEX employee.
Hello consumers! Here, I would like to share my experience with American Express over 3 yeras. I don't know why consumers like to have Amex card in their wallet when this company has become the &#34;rip-off giant&#34; of all the credit cards in the world. As I'm Amex Blue Cash preferred card customer over 3 years, this was the worst card that I can ever think of compared to any other credit card that I am using for day-to-day purchses.Most of my friends told me that it's good have Amex card and thats was the main reason I decided to go for this. When I bought my house my credit score was 720 and the first thing I did to apply for a Amex card. I was approved with 0% for 6 months and then some 22%. Somehow I continued to use the card without any late payments until 12/12/13 and I missed the payment because when my wife try to login to the site it wouldn't allow and 3 times asking her to re-set the password. Somehow we missed it it until today 12/15 and after receiving couple of text to my cell phone I made the payment of $100.But I was already charged $25 late payment for the first time. I called in the customer service agent (Murray- 39572) and asked her to waive off the late payment for the first time. This is what was her answer; &#34;My system not allowing me to request the first time waive off charges&#34;. I asked her few times to do this for the first time because I know all the other credit card companies do that atleast for the first time. She was very strict and kept on telling me about the cc disclosures and agreements etc, etc not to help me.Do you think this is right? I never made a late payment and I don't have any late payments in my credit report. I think this was very unfair and she was actually lying to me about the system that &#34;not allowing&#34;!And I know for sure some small businesses around the world does not accept Amex cards, the reason is if consumers used more Amex cards the businsess will have to pay more % and service charge to the credit card company.I want to tell you that having a Amex card in your wallet doesn't makes you rich and don't be proud of Amex card. It is the myth and concept of consumer mind that people having in their mind. Better not to have credit at all and you can be proud of what you are?I do not recommend Amex card to anyone and this will be my first debt paid off immediately in the near future and cancell the account. There are many other credit cards available in the market which are more convenient,human and treat you nice. If you want to build your credit go for those other cards but not for Amex. I don't like to mention names of other credit cards here because then my comment will become a promotional comment about other cards. Thank you.
I received my card and I jumped with joy, Also I'm super credit conscious so with that being said. I was happy at first using my card an trying to use my card as much as possible for points as well as to raise my qualifications for higher memberships. Soooo I attempted to get a card on my acct for my oldest daughter who was going away to college an my account was suddenly closed. To my anger an disappointment I called customer service an never recieved an explanation that made any sense. So my advice to anyone considering an AE account go with a visa card instead.Also you will find that many merchants will want to charge you more to use AE because of the higher fees they charge merchants :((( STAAAAY AWAAAAY!
AMEX pushes their Platinum Card as the ultimate financial passport. It wasn't for me.While traveling during a family emergency, AMEX arbitrarily decided to freeze the account because I hadn't advised them in advance that I would be using it outside of a given geographic area and a predicted spending algorithm. Fortunately, I simply used another card from another financial institution.When I called to enquire after I returned home, I wasn't offered the exemplary service that they advertise, in fact, I was treated rather indifferently. For a $450 annual fee, one has the expectation of prompt and courteous service. Based on this, I decided to cancel the card and close the account, informing them of the reasons. No one apologized, no one asked me to reconsider, no one cared beyond getting on to the next customer on the telephone.Don't expect great service and you'll be adequately content.
I can't explain the frustration I have had with american express platinum customer service... Very disappointing in many ways... They were really attentive and helpful only when you are signing up with the card, but once you have signed up... absolutely poor service...
When I was travelling in Europe, all of a sudden AMEX froze the credit line,  spent $56.00 for international calls, the freeze wasnever explained.  Having paid a heavy fees for the card, did not even spend $2000.00 abroad and became useless the so calledTRAVELLERS MUST.  When I returned from Europe, talked to a lawyer who advised me to CUT UP THE CARD, he would settlethe account without paying a penny to AMEX.
$450 a year?  Only good if you travel an extensive amount.  No good if travel little.  This evaluation doesn't want me to submit this evaluation.
I have had this card since 2002.  My credit line is $13,000.  I have never before paid a single statement late.  I have used it less these days because the interest rate is non-comptetitive, but still use it rarely for international travel.  I had a 0 balance in February 2014.  Without warning, their wallet protector service auto-billed to it in March 2014 ($39.99).  This was the only charge that billing cycle.  I did not check the statement since I had not used the card.  There was no warning of the impending charge.  In April 2014, American Express tacked on a $25 late fee (total balance now $64.99 and jacked up my rate to the penalty rate of 27% for this.  They refused to remit the late fee or penalty rate.  Inasmuch as the only balance on the card was initiated by american express itself and it was done without warning, I feel the practice is predatory.  I have filed a complaint with the government's CFPB, as it seems this was the sort of practice they were created for.I would advise extreme caution with these jerks as this is the way they treat a customer of a dozen or more years.
Didn't get a credit for Amazon Prime membership.  They didn't waive the fee for the first year as promised.  Very upset.
check out how much that rat faced looking ceo at american express makes by getting you into the all american credit trap then maxing the rates on you wow can anyone splell dont do it then this company should be named india express just call customer service and youll find out what i mean.....
Three months ago I got an offer from American Express to apply for this card, to sign up for Amazon prime, and to get $79 Amazon Prime fee reimbursed. I did, but they never reimbursed the fee. When I followed American Express link to sign up for Amazon Prime, the credit card was declined. Amazon charged $79 to my other card that they had on record. I immediately called Amazon, they cancelled my Amazon prime membership (that I did not use). After that, I added my new American Express card to Amazon account, and I signed up for Amazon Prime again using American Express card. However, American Express refused to reimburse $79 claiming that my Amazon Prime membership is 'not new'. In other words, this American Express / Amazon Prime introductory offer was a rip-off. The initial signup procedure does not work, and if you try to sign-up manually a couple of days later, you are not a new member anymore. Do not fall into this trap.Oh, by the way, American Express has very peculiar definition of a 'supermarket'. All stores that are normally called supermarkets, like Walmart, K-mart, Target, are NOT supermarkets for Amex (believe it or not). So if you plan to get 3% cash-back at these places, forget about it. If you still manage find a supermarket that Amex do call a supermarket, the 3% cash-back will stop after $6000 spent.
Several issues with this American Express offer & its customer service:1) First, there's no way to email/message their customer service, so that you have all the transcripts of the conversation for your record. Some other financial institutions such as Bank of America, Chase, PenFed & even Amazon have an email service, ensuring transparency & accountability. The reason I'm mentioning this is that many customer service representatives will fail to log your concern properly or escalate it to the proper channels, & because you have no record of what they failed to do, there's no way you can hold them accountable. This has been my experience with AMEX's customer service. They'll give you contradictory advice and the next person you speak to will plead ignorance about what the previous one said or did.Having the option of emailing also saves you the time of having to call & be transferred several times until you reach the right person/department. In this day & age, if any business refuses to incorporate the email option, then stay AWAY from such enterprises because they cannot be trusted.2) I was given contradictory advice as to the Amazon Prime offer by an American Express representative as a result of which I didn't see the $79 statement credit (Amazon Prime Fee) & then I was told that because I had missed the deadline, I wasn't eligible for it anymore. Apparently the system was so perfectly automated, that no human intervention was possible on their behalf that would have enabled AMEX to provide me with a statement credit, even if the matter were to be escalated all the way to the CEO. Yeah right. And all this, when the fault lay with their customer service representative for providing misleading information, which they refused to acknowledge or keep track of, something that I've suggested they should incorporate into their system on more than one occasion (sending transcripts of conversations or enabling the email option).3) Lastly, AMEX's rewards program is not as efficient or consumer friendly as say the Amazon-Chase card. With AMEX, you can only redeem your rewards once the rewards balance reaches $25, and your monthly rewards addition is only visible when you have paid off your oustanding balance. With Amazon-Chase, each month your rewards balance becomes immediately available for use on Amazon's website (I haven't tried redeeming it any other way), no matter how little that balance is & it becomes available regardless of whether you've paid your bill or not. Also, I've spent the same amount of money on both cards, and noticed that I tend to accumulate more reward dollars when using the Amazon-Chase card.The only reason I opted for the AMEX card was for use at Costco, but since I don't shop that much at Costco, I'm thinking of canceling my AMEX & just using my debit card.
I wanted the NO annual fee card. So I called when I got a bill for $75 (and hadn't even activated the card yet). She was willing to switch me (the rewards are not as high but you still get free Prime membership) but said I needed to sign up for Prime first in order to get it free. Ok, tried that. Added the card to Amazon but Amazon charged my Visa.So, I call Amex again. This time the rep says she can't switch the card & do the free membership. What? So, I check again & the offer is still available. Amex, this is not the way to get new customers/switch customers.I would have to make 2 more phone calls (at the very least) to get what was promised in the first place. Too much trouble Amex, I'll keep my WorldPoints No-Annual Fee Rewards VISA. No phone calls, rewards (including tickets to L.A., Vegas & Canada) which I can claim ONLINE w/o ever having to waste time with a rep on the phone & no blackout dates (lots of other rewards those are just examples of ones I have used). I have over 100,000 pts from about $20-30k of charges.Amex also charges more to Merchants. When you use Amex instead of Visa or MC it costs the company more money, which they pass back on to us through higher costs in products/service. Amex does NOTHING extra for merchants to be charging a higher price over Visa & Mastercard. It's just plain greed & I hope more people help the economy by using Visa or MC over Amex.
Apparently, if you're already an Amex Account Holder, you don't qualify for the signup bonuses. It should state for NEW AMEX customers only
I signed up for this card fro get $10.00 off my order.  Did not get it.  Cancelled card.  Who needs a dishonest promotion?
It would be nice if customer service could answer simple questions without reading scripts with no answers. I spoke slooow and clear over and over and this person with a heavy accent still could not get it. Disappointed in customer service.
THEY denied my last 5 orders even though i have  a 400 + balance and give no reason and ofter no assistance
Worst on-line payment in the entire #*&% WORLD. Do they really want a payment or do they want to make it so difficult that you give up and then they can charge a late fee. Hey Amazon-your losing customers which equates to MONEY. Get it?
I have never received a statement from Amazon, I always have to guess at when my payment is due.  Because of this, I'm always concerned that i may be charged some type of fee.
I love my Amazon card, GE bank is easy to deal with and the people are very nice. But beware because unfortunately Amazon has a lot of promotional deals with no interest for a time. What I don't like is that you don't have the option to decline the no interest promotion and if you don't get it paid off in time then all that accrued interest is billed lump sum. Walmart gives you that option and are owned by the same bank. Amazon will not apply past payments to the promotional items. The only way to have payments applied to promotional items is to call every month 48hrs after you've made your payment. Talk about inconvenience, this is it. It's a very underhanded way to make money off of unsuspecting customers. A rule that should be changed or at least apply payments automatically towards promotional items. I tried to even have promotions blocked but amazon won't do that either.So watch your statements carefully. I was told that the promotions are shown to you at time of purchase but I have yet to see one.
Terrible card.  Used once and currently shows 4 transactions!  Not so!  I plan on cancelling it immediately if I can find an address to send a USPS letter to.
I want credit for the last two orders I cancelled I am letting my best friend look at my statement  cause they are not right he is a CEO for a company here, when he gets the latest bill  with the credit on it I will pay what I owe. Never to use AMAZON again.
The customer service is deplorable and they are unwilling to work with you. I will pay off balance and shred.
Amazon, the king of one-click, makes it very difficult to make electronic payments on its credit card. I got the card only because Amazon sometimes offers deals on products purchased with the card. For example, I saved $50 on a Kindle just by paying for it with my Amazon card. My plan was to immediately pay the balance when I use the card, thereby getting the benefit of the bargain without ever incurring any interest (especially given that the interest rate is ludicrous). The processing company attempts to foil this plan by taking several days to show the charge (unlike any other cards I have, which post the purchase immediately). Then, to access my credit card information, the company requires me to jump through an inordinate number of hoops, such as entering my credit card number every time, and asking for a new password seemingly every time I sign on. They do provide the option to set your card for auto-pay, but that payment does not come out until the next payment cycle, and my understanding is that interest begins accruing immediately. I still think getting the card to take advantage of the deals is a good idea, but be prepared to jump through some hoops.
Twice you have WITHOUT NOTICE lower the credit limit! Seems a bit rude. Then an order does not go through and that is how it is communicated to me. This is a sorry way to treat your customers.
wish you could schedule payments much easier (more than 1/day) and further into the future (&#62;90 days)
IF YOU HAVE EXCELLENT CREDIT you get:1. extremely low credit line = $500 and they will not raise this, they will not explain why they wont raise it but sends you a letter, you wait 2 weeks for.2. extremly high interest = this will hurts your credit score3. Bait and switch methods - 24 months not interest, however, super low credit line, so its pointless.I have excellent credit, averaging 15K credit lines on my other cards. I was approved to buy an expensive house and car this year. I have never missed a payment, I average 10% interest rates, well below national average. they gave me a 500 limit and declined to raise my credit limit. THE WORST CREDIT CARD. DO NOT GET THIS CREDIT CARD.
To get this account I agreed to paper statements.  I assumed I was set up for that, but no, I start getting paper statements, which I have to then change to e-statements.  It's not that easy in that no place on my account do they ever say that you have succeeded in enrolling in e-statements.  I thought I did it twice, but then the Agent told me No, not done and he cannot help me.  Then I get a very firm letter for GE saying, You promised to enroll in paper statements, so go do it.  The e-statement enrollment process is flawed.  Would it be too much for GE to confirm to the customer that the process has been accomplished?
after months of faithful payments and paying my balance down to zero....Amazon decided to reduce my credit limit from $600, down to $100!!! I'm outraged!I They didn't even send me a letter to tell me why.  I had to find out after trying to place an order and it was denied!  I have filed a complaint with the BBB.  I got an initial response, but there has been no continued support and the issue has still not been resloved. It has been over a week
I was doing great, paying everything off on time and my original $500 limit was raised to $900. I filled that up with xmas presents, then paid the minimum balance for a couple months till I recovered, and got my tax refund and then paid it off completely.Then, I happened to check my account a few days later to notice that my credit limit had been dropped from $900 to $100.That's crap, especially since I've always been on time with payments. What am I even supposed to buy with that amount?I'm seriously debating just canceling my credit line, because this is ridiculous, especially since i've sent 5 emails in the last week, all which have apparently been completely ignored by Amazon.
First let me say that I've been using this store card for several years and have always kept a small balance. This past two months I was away working and using Amazon quite a bit. I noticed that the balance was at it's limit and initiated a payment in full. Days later I checked and the payment was received. I bought my wife some shoes but the order was declined. My call to Amazon was a point huge waist of time the rep in India didnt see why it was declined. My call to GE was worse. The original customer rep (USS) was not helpful at all. I was hoping to leave a customer feedback survey but the call was routed to hold to wait for a supervisor. Kelisha was obstinate and stuck on her policy of a six day wait even though the balance was paid in full. It was a start reminder that just because you have a job doesn't mean you can DO the job!I will continue to use this as it's the best means to keep my amazon account separate from credit cards. But I will also ensure people know that GE customer service is under-trained in customer service.
The increased my limit by 30%, I ran up my purchased for Christmas and then in January I paid down my card by 30%, the next day they lowered my limit by 30%.I was hoping to use some of the paid off limit :(This fluctuation is ridiculous. I'm out, no more Amazon store credit.
I have been going in circles for 3 days trying to find a stupid phone #number to get my so called credit balance...do u realize that is impossible to make a phone call to find out u r balance or any kind of info. I have never rec a credit card or statement and you can't do anything without one of those. Yet they say I owe them $80.00 dollars or more. I warn all of u to read this if they publish it before you get any kind of credit  from or through Amazon
If you make a payment prior to the statement due date, you don't get credit as if you paid on time. I have had late fees attached twice as well as interest charges when I paid earlier than the statement due date. THIS is how they can offer NO INTEREST and still make money off of you!  If you are not aware of this tactic, you will have serious issues with your CREDIT REPORT!!!
I got this card to finance a camera that I wanted. Amazon overrode my default settings for payments and put the store card as my default payment method, and I didn't know it since I was buying books on my Kindle Fire rather than logging on to my regular account. I discovered a bunch of charges already on the account when I went to set it up for the first time. I never received a bill, either. I paid the bill IN FULL, and I can prove that. I also went online to my Amazon account and deleted the card altogether thinking that I could just enter the information again manually when needed. A month or so goes by, and I logged on to double check the credit limit on the card, because I'd found the camera I wanted and wanted to be absolutely sure I had enough credit to get the camera. Imagine my surprise that not only is there an additional charge for something that I didn't buy (good luck with the crappy customer service to get that straightened out)on my account the day after the bill was due and a late charge on top of that despite the fact that my account was paid in full well before my payment date. I finally gave up with customer service, paid the $45 or so due on the account, and I immediately closed it. At no point did I ever get a bill (and I didn't sign up for any kind of eBill since I prefer a paper statement and then pay that online.)I would NEVER recommend this card to anyone for any reason. There are MUCH better options out there than this thing.I have other GERB cards and never have this kind of problem with payments and them not sending bills.
The credit card is convenient to use when making a purchase when you will be able to pay it off quickly. But it is very difficult to find the right page to make the payment. There should be a tab for payments! You have to go through too many layers before you get to the "I want to make a payment" page. Secondly, you can't use your debit card! So you need to use your checking and routing numbers, and wait two to three days before the posting! Personally, I like to use a debit card so you can immediately see the deduction, know it went through and your checking balance remaining. I will probably continue to use the card, but have to put up with not very nice customer service and "pain" methods of making payments.Uggg!
I lost my card and I dont have the number on my statement either... so... I am looking for the paper card :S
I called CUSTOMER SERVICE just now and got a recording. $10.00 to be connected to a service representative!!!! I wanted to ask why there was a $25.00 fee charged to my Amazon card. The recording announced that there would be a $10.00 charge to proceed. What the heck is happening to Amazon? GE CAPITAL really has cheapened this store. I used to purchase nearly all my supplies from Amazon but no more. Disappointing. I will stop using my Amazon card. NOT A HAPPY CONSUMER ANY MORE!
I never received a physical card so how can I set up am online account (the whole account number is required)! Also, Amazon seems to auto default to his card, which screws you because 1) they don't send a bill, 2) you can't sign on to an online account because you don't know your account number, 3) they defualt to all you purchases to this card because the interest rate is 25.99%!, 4) the interest rate in 25.99%!!!!!!
I started out with a decent spending limit then out of the blue they lowered over half I was never late on a payment and it was not maxed out
Originally, I thought this &#34;store card&#34; was the &#34;rewards card' offered by visa. So I tried signing up for it and, what do you know, I got accepted with a $900 credit line. Once finding out this store card is operated by GE- a huge corporation (you've seen the washer/dryers and appliances they have), my eyes dilated immediately and I scrambled to find my card to cancel my account immediately. Yes, the interest rates are high. But that was nothing compared to the reviews I read about paying for customer service and how complicated it was to pay your bills.The website to 'manage' your account is complete garbage. It honestly looks like one of those fly-by-night businesses with the tacky websites whose fonts are pixelated and they don't give a $#TTT about. In the dotcom age, its ALL about presentation. It's all about how your website looks. It's why every 2 years Amazon or your bank tries to 'refresh' the look of their websites and make them look professional; to convey the message &#34;Yes we are still here, and we plan on staying.&#34; This storecard website is really shady and I can't believe I fell for it because it had the name &#34;AMAZON&#34; attached to it. It's the perfect guise. And whatever money GE has left from their Obama-fundraising-pot (back in the second election), I'm sure the rest went to Amazon's pocket to let them offer customers a store card with exorbitant rate of interest and poor customer service. Right now I am kicking myself from even giving these creeps my social security number.Do yourself a favor...If you cannot purchase something straight away, hold off. Save up a little money, even if your item is on sale. Patience will save you a lot of money in the long run.
i MUST SAY, i HAVE A TWO PURCHASES THAT DID NOT WORK.  BOTH POOL PUMPS  ONE SOLAR AND THE OTHER ELECTRIC. THE SOLAR PUMP LASTED 3 MOTHS, THE OTHER PUMP JUST WASN'T INEFFICIENT FOR MY POOL.  i DO SUGGEST THAT YOU DO NOT BUY THE SOLAR POOL PUMP  $614.00I HAD TO RETURN THEM, AMAZON DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB IN ASSASSINATING ME IN MY REFUND.I WILL CONTINUE TO SHOP WITH AMAZON..
As with Lowe's, Home Depot, Best Buy, and other store cards, watch your bill and make sure the amounts are applied to the right promotion.Hence, I bought a Weber grill on 12 month no charge promotion, 9 months later I bought a Pella Door for another 18 month promotion.  When making payments, the payments were applied to the newest promotion.  To avoid a fight and interests, I had to pay off the entire balance, as in the last month of the Weber grill purchase I clearly paid it off, but all the payments were/are applied to the youngest promotion.I suggest either not using these cards or doing only one promotion at a time.
Come on Amazon you can find a better partner than GE. It's all summed up in the other reviews. Experience wise I've learned my lesson you'll be better off with a different bank. Save yourself the stress.....
When I go to log in to see my bill or pay my bill it asked me to reenter my account number then ss then secret question the I have to create a new passwoard EVRYTIME...why does it do this I use my same laptop so its not like I computer hop. Why is it such a pain in the but with this card? And since its hndled by GE capital why can I NOT register my card under their site where I have a Rooms to Go account would be so easy to have both under ONE log in area. I have an Amazon Visa that is way easier to get into.
I cancelled my account ...  besides.. 25% interest !!!!and what a COMPLETE PAIN IN THE ASS trying to find the payment area..WHY DOESN'T AMAZON PUT AN OBVIOUS "PAYMENT" BULLET THAT IS EASY TO FIND ON THEIR PAGE !!!!all these search/info options on the info page yet not a SINGLE ONE that makes it quick and easy for members to make their card payments...how utterly inept !!!
Accessing the amazon store's card is so difficult. it takes long time to pay amazon off.There is a risk of exceeding the due date before placing an order to pay your dues.
I authorized a one time phone check payment, now they linked my checking account to my card and are taking out money when they please. I was going to be a week late this month because no funds were available on the due date but they took in upon themselves to garnish my checking account without formal permission. I am now overdrawn and have to pay bank fees and GE-Capital return check charge, the total +$65 on a payment I did not authorize. Their finance department have no ethics and I placed a fraud alert to my bank stating the above. Now, I just have to hope GE does not own Wells Fargo.
Two day after the payment due date (first time I missed), and you hit me with a $35 &#34;late fee&#34;? On a balance of less than $300?I'll bet you didn't know that &#34;usury laws&#34; used to put folks like you in prison, but then the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that &#34;fees&#34; are not actually hidden interest rate mark-ups. Now, you're free to do your dirty rip-offs like a boss. Congratulations.
I feel I have been mislead by the small print in signing up for your little credit card ! I just read ,after signing up, that the interest on present purchases accrues and will come do in 6 months :even though you say there is no interest on the card until 6 months has passed. I took this to mean no interest on present purchases, ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!That's typical of crooked /tricked up banking that we all seem to have to put up with ! As of now I will avoid any Amazon purchasing and make sure my 2,000 employees are aware of how this was handled !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, the first day I get notice of a start up of interest, I will cancel this card.
Instant credit my butt!I applied to get a $10 discount on some books, but they declined me when they listed 3 bullet points needed for approval. I qualified for each of those bullet points. I don't care if I have no credit, there are people that have been approved with no credit, and the fact that i didn't is total BS.
Cannot find the site to pay the Amazon Store credit card bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My account information does not enable it.  Where is it ??????????????????????
My bad !  I wanted to pay my entire balance and did not click properly.My attempts to contact GE Capital reverted me to my Lensecrafter account NOT Amazon.Must I beg to pay my bill ?PLEASE...I WANT TO PAY !
This card store is a joke. You make you min payments on time but still get charge a late fee. For the last four months I have made payment two days before the due date and got charge. I think the card store is processing the payments late to make money off you. I think all Amazon should check there statement to see how many later fee they have been charge. I only order a $100.00 of items but got a bill over $200.00 most of it end later fees.
This is ridiculous. They request too much information. I had difficulties getting all the documents and at the end I ended up paying a late fee!I will simply close the account as soon as my debt is cleared.A credit card has the same benefits and it is less complicate.
This is not a user friendly card. First, it becomes default card in all you purchases ands you have always to change payment option manually if you want to use your other credit card. Second, they urge you to go paperless, and never send reminder of the payment. So you easily miss deadline and get financial charge for late fee. Third, if you want to dispute this fee yopu need to spend hours searching for a link to a customer service, which is very well hidden in layers of FAQ.Hate this card!
SUPPORT MINT! All my other accounts work with Mint! What makes Amazon special?  Amazon makes it really easy to purchase things, but it is a real pain in the butt to pay the card.
I have been an Amazon customer for several years and do business with many other reputable store/credit card companies. I normally do not like to write negative reviews but I have never seen the level of apathy and dishonesty that I experienced from GECRB (now Synchrony bank). I am extremely careful when managing my finances and consider myself a savvy consumer but dealing with GECRB has proven to be a matter beyond fiduciary responsibility. I pay my Amazon bill ON TIME every month and for the past several months I had to call customer service to reallocate payment amounts to the specific non-promotional balances in order to avoid interest fees. However, and let me preface the following statement by saying that I do NOT mean to disparage anyone, the customer representative is always outside the U.S. and not very proficient in the English language. It takes twice as long to decipher what each person on the other end of the phone is saying and the issue remains unresolved despite assurances that &#34;this will never happen again&#34; and &#34;I will note the account so you don't get interest charges&#34;. Invariably, I still get interest fees charged to the account and I have to call back so &#34;Pearl&#34; or &#34;Jimmy&#34; abroad can once again take 30 minutes of my day and deliver rehearsed &#34;I am so sorry's&#34; and then remind me to call every month to take care of this issue. But see &#34;Jimmy&#34;, I do call every month because I care about my financial integrity among other perks American consumers expect from American companies, such as fairness, transparency and integrity but GECRB/Synchrony does not care enough to recruit viable staff here in the US in order to deliver outstanding customer service which, dare I say,  businesses need in order to retain customers. I know you are probably wondering by now, how about talking to a manager? I did try that as well, great minds, right? It took 18 minutes to be transferred back to the States so I can speak to a manager on duty. Let me spare you from the boring details, Ms. manager was so rude and condescending, she made me long for Jimmy's disingenuous assurances that all would be taken care of for me.  So, I will pay off my Amazon balance and use a reputable credit card in the future. After a long,exhausting and INCONVENIENT, not to mention borderline dishonest, relationship with GECRB...I'm done! All the deferred payment promotions in the world are not worth this burden on my time and patience. Whew! that felt good!My advise echoes what others already mentioned in their reviews but it's worth reiterating; make one big purchase at the time and pay it down monthly before the promotion's expiration date so as to avoid interest charges. If you must keep many or separate promotional balances, be watchful of payment allocation so you do not end up with interest fees. GECRB/Synchrony will distribute the payment amount across ALL purchases; promotional and non-promotional balances alike. BEWARE and good luck!
I NEEDD MY CARD NUMBER TO MAKE A PURCHASE BUT IT IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND AND I CANT ACCESS MY STATEMNTS... VERY FRUSTRATING
I was literally a day late paying my ENTIRE bill off and they will no longer allow me to use the amazon store card. On all the other 4 credit cards I have from GE Capital I have never had his issue. But go figure it is Amazon.
I tried to use two $50 Amazon.com gift cards to purchase books.  The first time, I successfully purchased a book for $13.94.  Recently, I ordered four books, and Amazon.com said my first card account was not available.  I entered the second $50 card, and then tried to use the amount to pay for the books.  Same thing:  $ not available.Finally, I gave up and put my credit card online, reluctantly.This is why I opted for the gift cards to begin with.In short, Amazon.com took $100 and gave me $13.06 worth of merchandise.  Pretty good for the company's bottom line.  How many inept, discouraged or over-whelmed customers just give up and go away.  So far, I haven't managed to reach Amazon.com by phone or email.  I intend to write.Oh, I just got an email asking me to rate the third party retailers.  It's Amazon.com that ripped me off.  OK, I order every couple of years.  I AM NOT computer illiterate, by the way.
DEBT... No matter how tempting credit offers are -- ITS DEBT!!This card is awesome for DEBT PEOPLE... I know, I was there...Pay OFF ALL DEBT and LIVE HAPPY!!!!
This the Hardest to log onto I Have Ever Had. It Has Caused me to be be late more than once. I Have to do something Different.
I was trying to make a purchase of 191.88 I had 191.00 in my account, I made a payment if 75.00 on May 15 today is May 20th and I still do not have the amount credited to my account. I am looking for an answer. Why is this taking so long? I have made payments as required. Is .88 so very important to the company?
Got my account a couple of months ago and it has been a real pain in the but to make a payment. I have never had such a hard time paying someone. Amazon needs to reexamine its relationship with GE and find a better business partner. A nice thing to have would be to pay your bill from the amazon web site.
Have not used card since last Christmas. Paid it off. Went to use it this year and with my credit limit they still said I had to use another card to purchase it. Its very hard and usually can not talk to anyone but I have over douible the amount of purchase left even if they put it on my card. So I don't understand the problem and again no one to answer me.So why do I have account when I am unable to use it.?
I have had this card for a few years now and suddenly they want to drastically reduce my limit.  Almost down to nothing.  To make things worse is that it is suddenly time to review my credit standing when I had just paid off my entire balance.  This was an insult and would not recommend this card to anyone.  I am also very disappointed that Amazon would let their costumers be treated this way.  After year of being a loyal customer.
I have had an Amazon Store Card for quite a while and have had nothing but problems and late fees.  I am not receiving either an online bill or paper bill - there is definitely something wrong here and I'm not happy.
i enjoy the card but i can not enter the site to pay my bill.  at first i had no problems but as time went on it kept getting harder to get on there to pay.  maybe they dont want my money.  that would be great.  just make it easier to get on so you can pay your bill.
The company incorrectly coded my info - thus was impossible to register the card. To correct this situation I was told I would have to send them supporting documentation. Frustrated, I closed the account. The personal rep was not able to transfer me to the group who deals with payments - thus had to re-dial and deal with the aggravating automated system loop of information . I finally was able to pay  my bill - however, an additional $10 charge was added.At least the account is closed. I will never use this process again.
GE Amazon credit card payment page is not user friendly.  Does work well with IE but it is not mentioned anywhere, you just have to figure out.
Unable to contact anyone by phone. Followed all their stupid directions. I suggest using E bay pay later account for purchases.
Your payment statements do not make sense.  You are confusing and your web site was designed by inept programmers.  You should have left an ape design it for he would have done a lot better.  I could not even retrieve my message that your e mail sent me and said was ready to review.  Really is a bad web site -- get a new programmer PLEASE!!!!
I applied and received an Amazon card some 2 months ago. I never did receive an online billing for the charges and finally received a call from GE capital about my balance. As usual, it was a recorded call with no one to converse as to the problem. When I finally was connected with a human voice, her English and my hearing were not compatible. I finally sent an e-mail to Amazon canceling the card.I gave GE capital the routing numbers to my checking account to pay the bill. Another recorded call from them tells me the account numbers were wrong. Not!!I then sent them a check to the provided address. Maybe by next week, I will have the problem resolved. In the interim, I am done with the card and Amazon.
I did not know that when I signed for this card that it would become the default card on my account. Thus, before I knew what was going on I had $100 worth of charges. I started getting phone calls from Capital One (I didn't know it was Cap One because the number came up "Unknown")to the point being harassment. They kept calling, but did not leave messages. So, I thought it was a robo-call for something. I ignored it.I became curious as to why I had not seen charges on my debit card for books and music I had downloaded. I looked at my account and discovered the problem. Also, the interests rate is ENORMOUS. For a little less than $100 I was charged $31 dollars in late fees and interest. Again, I had no idea that I even owed anything until it was late!Finally, the "unknown" call keeps coming. I answer it. But, they have this "wait and see if someone answers" setting on the these calls. So, you can answer but you won't hear anything if the person calling is not paying attention. So, I answered and waited this time. FINALLY a woman comes on and butchers my name. I told her I had paid the entire thing off, which I had done about 15 mins earlier, after I had connected the dots.She wanted proof i.e. checking account etc. I told her NO. And, that I did not appreciate the ridiculous "try to get a hold of me" technique her company used to aggravate. If someone would have left me a message regarding the issue I could have resolved it much sooner. And why do they just ASSUME I'm a deadbeat and think they have to be sneaky with the "unknown" number BS. This in my opinion is a bad deal. It's not clearly explained how it affects your Amazon account. I only wanted for a back up.Stay away from it.
I applied for this card and was granted &#34;instant credit&#34;. I do all my Christmas shopping on Amazon.com to the tune of $10,000 each year. Every time I have tried to use the Amazon Card  on as little as $70.00 and as much as $200.00 my purchase has been denied. This card is useless, I tried to call the crd services and the person had such a strong accent I could not understand them. I tried calling back and got the same person. My advice, use a regular credit card! Not up to Amazon Standard!!!Allen
Paying religiously do help. I have never been as much one time. The took it on their to drop my credit down by 300.00. So now, I just sent what they ask for, more extra, I have stopped using their credit. Get they can ea* s*** and d*e.
Payments take forever. Amazon has made the payment system confusing in order to increase the chances of people making late payments.
2 hours attempting to purchase a 0.99 song on my Amazon Store Card (been a member here for only ten years), includes calling every customer service number I could find and a couple of transfers to get me to,...somebody who said they couldn't do much, I won't do much either, buying on this site that is,.. unless I get a whole lot of customer service that knows how to fix simple problems.
I don't necessarily have a problem with the card, but with managing it. I literally have to log in and put in my account number every single time I try to make a payment. I have added the credit card back onto my amazon account and yet payment fails every single time. The balance is current, and repeated calls have not fixed the issue. The website and management are not up to par with amazon's usual high standards. I'm very disappointed.
I can see charging interest but I bought something for $5.99, was a few days late and got charged an extra $5.99. Absolutely ridiculous.
I just spent the better part of an hour trying to find a place to write an email, find out what my account informaiton was, how I can pay etc. because I can't find that FLIMSY piece of tissue paper you sent me so I can make my first payment.  What's wrong with an easy customer service email or phone number.  Why does it have to be this freakin hard to pay a bill or find out information?  Pitiful.
Trap #1  Suppose you have $1000 on your card, that you plan to pay off at the end of the month to avoid interest.Suppose you then say *yes* to a free financing offer for, say, $2000.You are then trapped:  You make monthly payments, but pay interest on the original $1,000, even if you pay the intended $1,000 at the end of the month.This is really sneaky.Trap #2  Don't forget:  If you have one dollar left at the end of the free financing period, you pay back interest (at 25%) on the entire purchase.  You won't get any warning.Shame on GE, and shame on Amazon for promoting this sleazy behavior.
The Amazon card is a great card.  However, if you get into a financial hardship, DO NOT expect Amazon to work with you at all.  There are no options available.  I dislike this store card and would never think of recommending it.
This card is pathetic. I made a largish purchase to take advantage of 0% interest if payed by certain time. Looking at the balances from the 'statement' it appears the full payment was not deducted. The actual purchase does not show up on the Amazon purchases list, so am not even sure of original amount. Apparently there is no detailed access to my account as I do not own a computer. Trying to get through the stupid talking computer maze to an actual person who is apparently in India and barely legible thru the static just makes the confusion worse. Hire people in the US Amazon - you make enough money... Have requested paper statements which better have detailed info or that's it for this card. Should have realised from the flimsy smeared cardboard 'card' that this was not going to be exactly the most professional outfit.
I opened up this card yesterday for the offer to get a Kindle HDX 8.9 for $50 off and have not been able to use it.  If I had known this would happen I would have never opened this card.  Very disapointed in Amazon, their store card and customer service who has no clue on how to get rid of deferred payment or for that matter what deferred payment is.  I talked to three representatives who had no idea how to take deferred payment off my account or how to take the $50 off for the kindle I was trying to buy.  This is the first time I can say that Amazon deserves a zero for not only am I losing the $50 promotion, none of their employees seems to know how to fix the problem.
I had the on-line auto  payment set up; it was working fine, got my balance paid off.  Now that I have a balance again, the auto pay is not working.  I trusted that my payment would be made, it wasn't and I got a late fee.  Nice.
GE... Just don't. For the interest rate that y'all charge, use a real person. Really, this is for MY convenience, not yours.
I contact Amazon.com about a payment and the representative told me that it cleared.  The next time I called I asked why my orders did not go through and the representative stated your account has future closesure.  Yet I was on time or before time with all payments and did not even use half of the credit allowed.  Many of the items I did order had to be credited because of no tracking information.  Take it for what it is?
I could not navigate online where to go to make a payment online.  Finally had to use my paper statement to call  customer service and made a payment on my cell phone.The online address on the statement was incomplete! Worst ever experience on trying to make a payment online.
If you get a card through GE capital you WILL REGRET IT.  Getting statements has been a nightmare.  Having payments post on time has been a challenge.  They are impossible to get through to and then it is even harder to talk to a real person.  Use a loan shark before getting credit through Amazon and GE.M. Roma
I have never had such a difficult locati my credit statement.  I have been on line for 20 minutes and have not been able to locate my statement.  I click on mangage my account and no listed for my statement.HELP!
I lost my card.  I called it to report it, the sent me a new card with my old number so I couldn't get into my account to pay my bill.  it takes 20 minutes once you find the number to call in and get help.  The card number is critical and if you misplace it you can't do anything.
Interest rate WAY out of line.  Zero day grace period.  DO NOT sign up for this card. Still three words shy of 20,
I tried to set up a monthly recurring payment to take advantage of a deferred interest promotion.  I managed to set up the payment, but somehow also auto payed the full amount of the purchase which went through the day before the recurring payment.  That ended up giving me a credit balance of the recurring payment and no benefit from the promotion.I have taken advantage of these types of promotions from other retailers many times in the past and have never had such difficulty setting up payments.  There is very little transparency into what it is you have set up and how to view and edit your options.Just a needlessly difficult and un-intuitive payment interface.
I was approved for the amazon card was able to make initial purchase but now I can't buy anything using the card.  I have not recieved a real card and scheduled to pay the first bill but now I can't buy anything because the payments are not approved.  I can't reach customer service either.  What a drag.NOT HAPPY
My previous payments of late were not listed on the Web site.  I have been paying for several months on a purchase but the last payments shown on the Web site were much older than that, for a previous purchase of some months ago.  Finally, I gave up and paid off the current balance to make sure that I would never be charged interest for not paying the entire balance before the expiration date.  I might try to use the card again if I buy something very expensive but for small purchases of a few hundred dollars, the hassles that come with this Web site make its use simply not worth it.
There is a continuous problem with payment notices for this card. Today's Rep said the notices may go to SPAM. I do not open SPAM because I would not think any payment notices go there.I really cannot understand why this happens with this account ONLY.I will never use this account again.
They make it difficult to navigate to the payment site, probably on purpose.  I find this is a trial every time I go to pay so I avoid using the card.
They switched my account to automaticly charge this card instead of what I had set. There have been month where I recieved no statement, resulting in a late payment X2. Im closing it ASAP. So 50 dollar purchase has now cost me 350 dollars.
This sums up my experience with the card. It's very frustrating. I plan on canceling the card the next chance I get.http://www.amazon.com/forum/credit%20cards/ref=cm_cd_emf_rft_tft_tp?_encoding=UTF8&cdForum;=Fx1LJH02VZ1OM4R&cdThread;=Tx18ZFLKZ5NAQXE
Been buying from Amazon for yrs.  Needed a printer that was a little more than I could pay for at the time so I applied for the Amazon store card and got the credit I needed. Forgot the register my card and payment was due. Could not find card. Called customer service, gave me the card # and took off the late fee that was only 1/2 hr past midnight on my due date. Would take my payment over the phone for  $10 fee of course and was a &#34;call center&#34; which mean not on American soil. Said no I would just register the card since he was able to give me my account number. Imagine my surprise when you can only pay with a checking/savings account. I only have a total pay card from my employer that is not hooked up to a bank account. I can use that card to purchase from Amazon but not make payments. So now I have to go buy a money order and stamp, mail the payment to Fl.
I have excellent credit and have always paid all credit cards in full each month.  However, with this one, they can't seem to ever send a statement.  Constantly tacking on fees, not removing fees when they say they will.  On top of that, I've never get the rewards points that I'm due.  So done with this card.  It is getting cancelled today.
I received a letter citing &#34;severe delinquency&#34; and as a result reducing my credit limit to $100.  My account has been paid off more than once, and I even had a credit for paying too much about a month or so before I received this penalty. I do not know if this is reported on your credit so I felt the need to call them to dispute. When I called I, of course, had to get past a recording that tries to answer all your questions. When I said &#34;customer service&#34;, the automated voice responded with &#34;we need to know the reason you require customer service&#34;. So I said, &#34;to close my account&#34;. A few more questions from the automated service, and then it said, &#34;OK, your account has been closed&#34;. I had not even spoken to a human being!! So, good riddance. I would not recommend this credit card. The only other time I called, the customer service was not good at all.
I thought it would be great to have a card for the small purchases I make at Amazon, but it's been nothing but a headache.  Today I got a notification that my $7.93 bill was overdue.  I never received a statement!  I don't even remember what I bought.  The late charges and interest made the total add up to over seventeen dollars..Soooo, I called and complained.  The representative apologized and said she would take the charges off.  I went to pay the new total online, and I couldn't pay it on the scheduled date because &#34;a payment was already scheduled&#34;.  I didn't schedule it!! This is not the first time I got an overdue notice like this, either.  I thought I had possibly misplaced the other statement, so I paid it.  No more!  I have plenty of other credit cards I can use.
Service kept screwing up transactions. At one time had them (GE) and Amazon both on the phone saying transaction went and received email from both ge and Amazon congratulating me on transaction only to have it declined again 8 hours later. I GE is non English speaking cs out of India and they can do nothing but recite script.I would not even recommend to enemies.
they charged me for 6 protection plans instead of only three. Took me 3hours of speaking to what seemed like 20 different departments all with people who could barely speak or understand english.Finally got it fixed but than they deleted one of the main items.Now i have to wait for a refund to post to my account which takes 24 to 72 hours than order that item again which probaly wont ship for christmas.I have 3 kids its not fair to give 2 thier gifts and not the third.So if they cant fix this a little boy is going to be very sad.
THIS is ridiculous !!!!!!THE rinky dink little paper pos card is impossible to keep track of and then you have to enter the account number to change the password that apparently the system forgets!!!WTH?????ALL I want to do is pay my bill online !!!!!ZERO stars
While I agree that the Store Card (not the credit card) makes it amazingly easy to buy from Amazon, they do not make making a payment so easy. You can't just log into your regular Amazon account and pay your bill. You can't even click on a link to get you to the correct website. Instead, you have to go to their website (amazon.com/storecard) and then log in. Make sure you know your account number, userid, and password, or you'll have to play the email game for a while. Only then can you pay your bill.  Since this account is linked only to Amazon, why can't you access the info you need from your Amazon account? I never have to leave it for any of my other cards or to make payments.  I think this unnecessary step is designed to cause those who do not keep up with the little details and their email accounts to have late payments (which is where all credit cards make money).  My advice is to either get a regular Amazon credit card (which can be used in the real world and not just on Amazon) or try a different card altogether.
I don't like the idea of putting my checking account information out there, but I can't find out how to pay with credit card.  I  have been unable to find out how to contact Amazon anywhere on the website.
Amazon Store card is managed by GE Capital Retail Bank/Amazon PO Box 965013 Orlando, FL 32896-5013 and has been nothing but a nightmare to use.  I will not use them again.  I made a payment to close the account before the full interest was charged for a purchase I made a year prior.  For those that do not realize, if you purchase something that is given a year to pay without interest and you are over that year to pay it in full, you will be charged the entire interest amount.  So I called to make the last payment over the phone.  It was credited to someone elses account.  It took over 2 months to straighten out.  Even with the confirmation number provided it took 2 months to finally get my account to 0 as it should have been.  Yes they charged me the interest, then late fees, and even after 5 phone conversations and proving they made the mistake I was being called at home by their collection department.  Each time I had called them to have them fix the issue I was told it would take 7 days, then I was told 14 days, then I was told 7 days, then 3 days, until finally I had to report it to the Better Business Bureau.  To add insult to injury when the collection department called me they checked the confirmation number and saw the payment made to bring the balance to 0, the rep still asked me to pay $80.  I asked to speak to the manager and she said it would take 3-4 days to correct and was sorry for the confusion.  She said she was sending the information to their billing department to have fixed.  What in the world had they been doing all along with the account when I was being told over and over it would take x amount of days to fix?  Having their phone reps overseas did not help either.  Language barriers and fear of taking any initiative resulted in this nightmare.  Do not use this credit card!!!!
don't be late with payments or they will eat you out. even if you try to make a payment due on same exact date
How about you use the same password rules for your payment methods as you do for the site in general so that I can use a consistent password to access my information.  Two different passwords.  One can have special characters, the other can't.  One has to be changed periodically.  I have to go to one of my bank sites EVERY TIME I want to log into the Amazon payment methods because there's no way to do so without the account number, and then once I do the password needs to be changed.  Get over yourselves and put in place a standard set of rules that makes your system easy to use.
I can not understand why Amazon uses this company for their card.  The statements are to be emailed and are inconsistently done so.  The emailed statement is is not always correct.  The Ge company will call you daily for a missed payment.  I will not be using this card again.
I recently changed my payment information prior to my due date of 11/5/13.  I made sure to log in to change the payment info on file, and to make my payment.  This was done 4 days before my due date.  Well today I just so happen to go into my email acct (this isn't something I do on a daily), and found that the payment was returned.  Come to find out, they don't except payments thru savings accts; only check or debit card.  This was not known to me at the time, and the payment seemed to have gone thru when I made it.  Okay, I can chalk it up to lack of communication with me and the computer...... However, this wasn't entirely my fault so why penalize me.  I was charged a late fee, and my credit limit was decreased.  I was told that this was due to my payment being returned on a closed acct which is not closed.  The CSR did in fact waive the ridiculous late fee that was accessed, but said that there was nothing she could do about the credit limit.  I hope that they increase it back or I will be forced to not use Amazon again.  I hate to have to do that, but come on.  I have never not paid my bill, and before you try to contact me by phone (not email)you just decrease my limit.  What ever happenned to innocent before proven guilty!
It was not my understanding that the Amazon Credit Card would have a credit limit so low as $400. Had I known I would not have bothered. As a matter of fact, I think the lowest credit I've ever gotten was $2500 credit line. Not happy! Amazon is not doing themselves a favor with this effort - nor will I be using Amazon Credit Card. RJ Carr
My credit limit was decreased without warning or warrant. I shop on Amazon all the time and I've never paid late. Based on GE's review I was no longer eligible for my credit limit. Why would anyone want to do business this way. I could see if they decreased it based on a lack of use. Really???? Fair warning to anyone seeking a Amazon Store Card. Buyer beware!!!!
The customer service is horrible, very rude and dismissive. I tried to explain an improper charge and they cut me off while speaking and when I trird to finish the service rep told me to stop talking and listen.I have since cancelled my card!
Took on this opportunity to make a large purchase with a no interest option.  Purchase worked well, however, account management is frustrating.  From the 'No obvious link and broken link(s)on the Amazon homepage to a very frustrating lack of information or link when GE sends and e-mail the card is not worth the time.
Very difficult to access account online so is difficult to make payments. I've tried calling customer service but they don't seem to be able to help me.
WISH I COULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS. TERRIBLE SERVICE VIA TELEPHONE AND EVEN WORSE DESIGN OF SIGNIN INSTRUCTIONS. THE SITUATION VIA PAYMENT IS ABSURD WHEN ONE TRIES TO RETURN AN ITEM AND THE VENDOR HAS NOT RESPONDED IN TIME TO RETURN MONEY. THIS IS AN AUTOMATIC RIP[FF. I PURCHASED AN ITEM AND RETURNED IT OVER TWO WEEKS AGO BUT FOR ONE SOME PERHAPS JUSTIFIED REASON HAVE AS YET NOT RECEIVED CREDIT FOR IT. SO NOW I WILL HAVE TO PAY THE GE BANK TO AVOID A PENALTY AND THEN THEY WILL KEEP MY MONEY AND I WILL HAVE TO BUY GOODS EQUAL IN VALUE TO MY ORIGINAL PURCHASE TO BE EVEN. BUT GUESS WHAT --AS SOON AS I GET CREDIT I AM CANCELLING THIS CARD AND WILL DEMAND MY MONEY BACK. USE YOUR OWN CREDIT CARD! CHANCES ARE YOU WILL GET SOME INCENTIVES FOR PURCHASES AND THUS A BETTER DEAL.
always difficult to log in - the user account title field is misleading (need your email address)..  and worse, I have had this account for a year, and not once been late with a payment until now.  Now one day late, I get a $25 fee - mind you, the balance was $32.  And there appears to be no way to contact the company by email to check on this.  I'm paying off and closing the account immediately.  Never again Amazon!
Do not, I repeat, do not make multiple purchases with this card without paying off the original purchase first! The promotional periods are not honored according to what it says when you're checking out. When I called about this issue the first time, they said "Oh don't worry we'll fix that for you." Then they didn't actually fix it and when I called back, they said, "No that term is not an option and can't be done. We're sorry you were informed wrong before." Now I've lost my job so I called for help with the interest rate which is at an ungodly 25.99% now! I don't have bad credit and no other credit card company is charging anywhere near that! So they transferred me to the "Hardship Department" who flat out said they cannot help me. I do not recommend this card to anyone! Unless you're able to pay your card off each month, this card is not for you.
GE Money Bank REFUSES to enter the 21st Century.  They refuse to make an app, they refuse to participate in Check or Mint.com financial apps.  It is absolutely pathetic that I can't access my account from my phone in the year 2013.  They claim it's for security, yet every other bank and lender I've ever come across have apps and participate in  both those financial apps.  Including my Credit Unions.  Customer Service bites, they never help you out.  Be very very very careful with this bank and MAKE SURE you stay on top of your account and due dates because you will get ZERO reminders and ZERO mobile access to remind yourself.  Amazon get rid of this s***ty bank and get a real bank!!! Your visa card is Chase so why do you have this joke of a financial lender as your store card?!
I received a $25 late fee for not making a payment on time!  I had not receive any statements by email, or anything stating when my payment was due.  I had paid $200 early, which was much more than the amount due.  I paid the balance of $176, more than min payment due, 4 days late and saw the $25 late fee charge.  I tried to send a online email, twice, to ask for waiver of $25 and could not get the email to go through either time, due to some problems with the site!  I say its AMAZON STORE CARD PROBLEM, SINCE THEY DID NOT SEND ANY EMAILS TO SHOW MY PAYMENT DUE DATE!  BEWARE..... DID NOT LIKE THIS KIND OF BUSINESS.  NO PROBLEMS LIKE THIS WITH AMAZON BEFORE.  I have ordered 100'ds of things from Amazon, but the store card site has much to be desired.
The interest free promo is a joke. I brought a tablet with this card and then a few months later I brought textbooks. Not one payment I've made since then has went towards the tablet so now they are charge me interest even though I made enough payments to buy 3 tablets.
The paperless billing person said &#34;Your paperless bill must be in your spam folder... and that is why you did not get the bill.&#34; They charged a $25.00 late fee. I have several paperless accounts and this is the time I have ever had a problem.  I have had an Amazon (regular) card for many years without a problem.  GE Capital is the problem!  Stay away from the Store Card!
When I bought from Amazon before, the payment came out of my checking account automatically.  For whatever reason, I signed on to this and they evidently started billing me for my purchases---which I thought were paid through my account at the bank.  As a matter of fact, I check my accout at Amazon, I see NOTHING about being billed through this GE Capital Retail Bank.  Now, three months and $105.00 of late fees later, I have paid my account in full by using the credit/debit card issued through my bank.  I'm looking for a way to get back to my account being paid through my bank account and for the life of me, I haven't found it.  What a scam!  By the way, the interest is at 25.99%  What an even bigger scam!
Your website and/or bank sucks.  I've been a loyal Amazon customer spending THOUSANDS of bucks over the years.Why can't I get a rewards card so that I can get something back for MY loyalty?I have a clean credit report (within the last few months) with all 3 credit entities.This frankly, is quite amazing, the way you treat your customers.
I imagine that you do this in the name of security but really, your billing/payment system is a real turn-off.
Went to use it and was notified my card was cancelled. I called them and they said they cancelled it after 1 late payment. I've had this car for a year and was always on time with the exception of when my bank bounced back the payment to them. I swapped cards to a different bank and called them. They told me that they will not reinstate the account and that I had to pay it off. Never work with GE. They are cool hearted careless people.
...but will take it back when it starts to rain.GECRB lowered my available credit from $600 to 275. I have never even approached my limit, nor have I ever missed a payment. I've always kept the balance at zero when not in use. I have closed my account. Frankly, I have other cards whose issuers don't treat me like a number and I don't need GECRB--or their bulls**t anymore.
Don't you find it appalling that you have more customers ranking you with the lowest number of stars possible THAN ANY OTHER RANKING???  If you had a &#34;0&#34; ranking, I would have given you a &#34;0&#34; ranking, but since the lowest is one star, I was limited by how poorly I wanted to rank your website and the lack of commonsense and ease in resolving problems it offers! It took me over an hour to make a payment on my account and EVERY TIME I was forced to start over, it required me to re-enter ALL my account information to verify my identity.  Despite using this SAME computer month after month after month, your sight does not recognize it and requires me to go through the full identity verification process of re-entering my account number, last four of SS#, and even prompting me to respond to security questions THAT I DID NOT SET UP!  Off to the left of the bill-payment-from-Hell-section is an option to indicate that I am at the SAME computer and that I did NOT set up these questions, which I click with no apparent effect, and I am then prompted to start all over again...and EACH TIME I AM REQUIRED TO CHANGE MY PASSWORD DESPITE THE FACT THAT I DID NOT (REPEAT NOT! REPEAT AGAIN NOT! NOT! NOT!) select that option.  I do not have this problem with any other site or any other online payment site...I pay all of my bills online except one (my water bill, for the record), and every month I go through the same HELL trying to pay my Amazon bill...PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE FIRE YOUR IT DEPARTMENT and hire new people to set up a more user-friendly website and destroy this pathetic excuse for a company website you currently have.  Thank you and have a nice day!
My credit card payment is due and I am unable to pay or get assistance as the card did not arrive.  Now I just have notices to pay with no one to help me.
Realize that if you pay a monthly amount that is sufficient to pay off your balance in the required time, and you purchase something else half way through, Amazon will screw you by shifting your current payments onto the new item and forcing you to default on your agreement.  LET ME BE CLEAR...  If you purchase an item for $1,000.00 and set up a payment schedule that pays off that item in less than the required 12 months (let's say $90.00 a month)... then after 6 months you are starting to feel good about this system, and you purchase something else... AMAZON WILL SWITCH YOUR PAYMENTS FROM GOING ONTO THE ORIGINAL ITEM, TO PAYING ON THE NEW ITEM, AND YOU WILL GET SMACKED WITH HUGE PENALTIES.IMHO... The only companies who pull this kind of crap, are the ones that are completely dishonest and unethical.  You need to steer very far away from them.btw... there are a few more serious traps, but that one should be enough to cause anyone with half a brain to steer clear.
The card would have come in very handy if I could have used it right now.  Unfortunately, after I applied for it, I needed to add a different shipping address.  Now I have to wait for the card to arrive in the mail before using this service.  We are travelling for the winter and will have to wait for it to catch up with us.  If I could cancel the whole thing I would.
I took the card. it was a "click" away.  These guys are making it hard to pay this for a reason, they want to make money from people that wont be able to figure out the online system and wind up making a late payment by mail. Amazon? Really? Do you think for one minute that a company that makes shopping online as easy as " one click" wouldn't have the sense enough to make paying the credit card simple? GE, you guys are dirt bags, shame on all of you for figuring out new ways to steal money.  Once you do get set-up it online it will not be a problem paying your bill . its more of a first time online maze that will throw many people off. Im paying my balance and dropping the card.
This is absolutely worst card to manage. GE credit is the poorest to even try to make a payment. Their customer service in india can barely speak english. This card has not a trace of the quality of Amazon service or products. I have been a customer since Amazon started and can't believe they are associated with this card.DO NOT USE THIS CARD!
Used card for first time. Had to return item. Returned within time requirement but was &#34;nickel & dimed&#34; for three consecutive days - so far. Will close account.
Where do I begin? How about the $15 fee if you need to talk to a customer service personnel to pay a bill, yet the voice recognition/pad recognition is so bad that you need to recall three times to avoid the fee. Or the fact that I somehow already had a user name, but none of my passwords worked, and they would only reveal my password through mail... not e-mail, mail. Let us not forget the fact that I never even received a paper bill, and if I hadn't gone through all of the afore mentioned measures, I would have gotten a late fee simply because I could not access my credit card account. Worst credit card ever. One more month of payments and I am cutting it up.
This is way too hard to pay my bill. There should be a button on my account to take me to the bill pay page. I shouldn't have to sign in two or three times to pay my bill. Once I get to the bill pay page its ok, but getting there is a real pain. Fix this!
I recently got this card in December. I tried to make my first payment in Jan  ten days before its due and it was returned. I entered my bank info again and it was returned. I sent emails but they gave generic answers so I called customer service and the idiot just told me to enter my bank info again and kept saying yes to everything I said. After 4  times it was again returned.  I then paid then directly from my banks bill pay system and they have received two payments so far. When I went to purchase something I received a email that the card was closed due to return payments.  This is absolutely rediculous.  You would think a cc company would want there money but I guess amazon doesn't!!!
Actually, I thought the card never expired either but I just tried to use mine and saw that it has been de-activated due to lack of usage! Booo Amazon!
Statements not recieved + Amazon keeps using this card by defualt for purchases = late charges and bad credit score!!!They didn't send me statements. After a while trying to keep track of due dates and making payments on time, I decided that it wasn't worth the risk and changed my settings so that this card would no longer be used unless I specifically chose it. Little did I know that Amazon only switched my default payment options for purchases made on the website and not through kindle or the Android App. 2 months later, I get a call from GECRB to notify me that my account is 60 days past due! It was the first time they had contacted me about the balance which I thought was $0. I am attempting to remove dispute the 80 point hit that my credit score took for this fiasco, but I have no Idea if it will work. I may have this late payment on my credit for the next 7 years!!! This will cost me thousands of dollars in higher interest rates for future credit expenditures when buying a car, a house or other large ticket items for my business! I am very frustrated.USERS BEWARE:there is no simple way for customers to make this card NOT your default payment for all platforms. you have to change that setting from each individual device and application (ie kindle, kindle fire, android tablet, android phone, iphone, website etc. etc.) I had to call customer service to have this universal default set for all devices on my account, and I'm still not sure if it will be used on a new device if I activate it.
Before I applied for a Store Card, I paid for my products immediately with my personal account card.  Now even if I try to pay with my own bank card, you send it directly to the store card.  I am under the impression that I am paid up, then I receive a nasty email stating that my bill is past due!!  I want to relinquish my Store card immediately and will only do business with Amazon with my personal bank account.
Made a large purchase thinking the credit line was higher than it was. That's on me. Purchase was canceled. I wanted the 6 months no interest so I made a very large payment to make sure the credit was there. The payment posted. My card balance went way down but the available credit remained the same. So now I'm sitting with available credit $400 less that it should be. I'll be making a payment to pay it off in less than a week and then they can have their card. Not interested. Going back to my old way of thinking. Cash or I don't need it.
Was ok until they decided to decrease my credit limit. Told me it was an annual review...I haven't even been a member for a year.
No online downloads to financial software. Website not user-friendly. Otherwise okay but there are much better options out there for most.
I recently went to Amazon to make a purchase.  As I was going through the check out process I was given the option of using the Amazon Store Card for 12 month, no finance charge financing.  After completing the process I received an e-mail the purchase was not completed due to problems with payment.  Turns out the card was cancelled due to &#34;inactivity.&#34;  I had to call, wait on hold, be transferred to a terrible phone line and speak with someone I couldn't understand to find this out.  I was told I could reapply.  As far as I'm concerned the &#34;No Expiration&#34; claim is misleading and deceptive.  Beware of this restriction.  It's not listed anywhere in their promotional material.
I'm a HUGE Amazon junkie: I have a Kindle, Prime & shop Amazon all the time. The Amazon customer service, delivery, etc. has always been excellent & if there is a problem they ALWAYS come thru & make it right. This card may say Amazon, but it is actually from GECapital & their customer service SUCKS!! Their billing is from the dark ages - unlike Capital One, for example, getting your billing Cycle changed or getting credited-back for interest charged when you pay-off balances before the 6 month promo period is AWFUL!!  I would pay-off my card & BLAM! they would do their big interest charge for the 3 month period all at once.The front line people are polite, but that's about it... Amazon should not have hooked-up with these GE people... I'm cancelling this card & would warn others before you go getting one, too...
I called to make my payment over the phone before my promotional period ended.  The auto phone payment system was down and so a person helped me.  Even though I got a confirmation number, the money never came out of my checking account.  So I called back to make it right.  I had to call at least 10 times.  Now I'm on hold with a &#34;supervisor&#34; who still cant help me.Don't believe anything they tell you.  Don't trust your confirmation number.  Get rid of GE Capital as soon as you can.
(1)I was charged interests despite "no interest" promotion(2) When complained got an automated response completely missing the point.Sending my final payments, and cancelling it shortly after.
I began the manage your account online but the Image choices stopped me immediately.  I could not relate to any of them so I backed out. I will take the mailer.  Thank you
Not sure what do they mean by 31 days billing cycle if they charge you 3 times extra on a march 14th bill for a purchase made on Feb 16th. I deeply disliked their billing system, its way too vague and misleading. The 24/7 customer service doesn't really work on a Sunday night. Stuck with their painful billing experience, I ended up paying $36.98 for an actual due of $11.78 bill.Hope they accept my request of closing the card asap before generating another zombie ebill.
I requested alerts from GE Money when 1) a payment was due and 2) if a payment was late. I never receive the latter. Now, for no reason communicated to me, I cannot access my account online.  (I've seen other reviews and forums saying that it took forever to figure it out, and it did me, too, but once I did, I was able to manage the ordeal of paying the bill fairly well).Why the problems? Why not make it as easy to pay as to buy? Oh, that's right, some corporate hack is receiving $35 for each soul who can't figure this out.....PS: Before this, I had never posted a review of any purchase from Amazon. It's a shame that it's an Amazon product that drove me to leave my first review - and if I could rate it zero stars, I would.
I made the mistake of believing that payments would be easy when using an Amazon credit card. It was nearly impossible to find a way to pay the GE Capital / Amazon CC statement. I finally found the site to pay when I found a blog complaining about the same problem of no way to pay the GE Capital statement.
Stay away from this card unless you are so desperate.  Customer service didn't even help or give a good explanation when i called to complain about the 3 digit interest rate i got charged other than that I didn't pay up the balance per the promotion. No warning nothing, and boom.. Will never ever use this card or will ever recommend to anyone. Amazon on the other hand is way cool and a great place to shop.
I really hate it. No alerts, emails anything.
I have only been late once and they decided to lower my credit limit without telling me and then charged me over the limit fees. Anytime I speak with customer services they can barely speak English and have no concept of what is going on with the account. I would NOT recommend this card to anyone.
Recently applied for, and received this card.  Had problems signing in to view statement.  Called customer service, and got representative who had such a strong accent I could not understand him.  He did resolve the problem, but kept telling me it was my fault, which it was not.  I am cancelling this card, and would not recomment it.
FIX IT! IT SHOULD NOT!!!! BE THIS HARD TO MAKE A PAYMENT!!!!YOU SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN BUSINESS! THIS IS RIDICULOUS!!!JUST FREAKIN MAKE A PAYMENT BUTTON CLICK AND GO!WE ARE ALREADY LOGGED IN.DUH
My payoff posted on the account and came out of my checking account but hasn't reflected in the balance. I understand that it usually takes two business days to do an ach but if it's processed it should be reflected in the BALANCE right away!
So misleading and customer service is extremely unprofessional! I am so spitting mad at this credit service that I am seriously considering cutting ANY and ALL ties with Amazon.com entirely...this after 6 years of thousands of dollars worth of purchases! I have come to the conclusion that they distract you with discounts, while ripping you off. Extremely disappointed after years of loyal service on MY part!!!!
I apparently have a n Amazon.com account because when I buy books for my Kindle I get a statement from Amazon for those purchases.  I do not have an Amazon card.  What happened?  Did you not send one or did it get lost in the mail?  I would like to register the card I am supposed to have but since I have never seen it??  Also I would like to use it occasionally for other Amazon purchases.  Can you help me.Amelia C. Johnson
My biggest issue is getting rid of late fees that aren't late fees.  The system is screwy.I had a payment issued in end of September for my Mid Oct Due Date; I paid (200 dollars) more than the minimum of 35.  It listed the post date (as I didn't notice) on the day it was due.Well, the day it was due came, and I received an email saying they assessed a late fee.  WHAT!?!  I went back, and my payment was still listed as "PENDING".  HOW ANNOYING.I then applied another huge payment to make sure this doesn't happen for the next pay period set to the following day of 300.I come in this morning to check everything looks fine, and the 300 was applied, but the amount due and date due didn't shift forward at all!  I just applied ANOTHER payment equaling the minimum, and will check again in a few days to see if it was applied correctly.No wonder I got hit with multiple late fees, the system wasn't considering them as part of what was due.  At this point I'm going to finish off the couple hundred dollars left and cancel this card.  I may call in every single payment to make sure I run into no issues.  I've never had such a poor experience; I have other loans and cards and manage them all just fine online this way, only with this card do I find constant late fees.
This is not an amazon service. This is GE credit system. I found it inconvenient and hard to deal with.
I posted a payment on 6/2 that should have reflected a zero balance as of 6/3. My husband and I are trying to close on a loan, and the bank requires all statements show zero balances. It STILL shows pending as of 2:10 PM. I cannot get anyone on the phone to talk to, and no one is responding to messages I have sent from the website. Some things require LESS than 48 hours for response. There is no way to expedite. I tried the chat, and go no where.
BEWARE OF THIS AMAZON STORE CARD!If i can I will give this no star! I did not even notice I am being charge with this card when I made my purchase with amazon. Soon after I notice this, I try to make a payment to this credit card to avoid interest and late fees, and I figure I do not have any information about this credit card that I own! not even an account number, and I call this company, all I listen to is machine, mahcine and machine!I want to cancle this card as soon as possible. Amazon should be aware of the quality of their business partner.
They card you a fee even though its supposed to be interest free.  I paid mine off and am going to cancel immediately!  Very deceptive.
I called to ask how to change my user id to my email address and was given the runaround.  Long story, short, it's unchanged.
I have a zero balance on my Amazon card yet when trying to make a purchase, I do not get the option of putting it on this card!  I usually have no trouble, but no matter what I do, I cannot get this option to come up.  Not good.
I haven't had this account open for more than a month, and I woke up this morning to five illegitimate charges. When I attempted to get a CSR on the phone I got someone who was too stupid to comprehend &#34;My card has been used illegitimately and I need these charges refused&#34; and simply tried to pass me on to standard Amazon Customer Service. I sent an email instead, hoping I would luck into contacting someone who would actually do their job, but this woman ruined my entire morning.
Not easy access, mobile applications are not supported; but they are prompt to charge a 35 late fee, despite making it so difficult to customize your account. I use mint and echeck for reminders and automatic payments and this is just not working.  plus the late fees and interest rates are the worst i have ever seen. its my fault though, i should have paid close attention to the agreement form.
The terms are very misleading... interest free for the first 6 months and no annual fees - sounds like a good deal, right?  The statements do not reflect anything that is called interest; however, a "fee" of $1.50 is charged on each month's statement.  At least this has been my experience.  I didn't pay attention the first 2 statements, but once I saw what was happening, I decided to pay off the "interest-free" balance and I will cancel this card.  I have other cards which I pay off in full each month to avoid any interest charges and there are no annual fees to pay... a much better option than this amazon.com store card.
This is a bad idea if you have credit.  The card is managed by GE Capital Retail Bank in Orlando, Florida.  I have a $22.50 "Previous Balance" that the Amazon Customer Service Department cannot find.  I have never used the card and today they sent me a late fee notice tacking on $24.00 for a total of $46.50.  I am an excellent customer of Amazon and wonder why its CEO, Jeffrey P. Bezos, would put me in this situation.  The "Bank" is closed on weekends per their recording.  I am going postal on this one.  Amazon would not help.  The Bank is closed.  They might have already affected my credit.  Edit: An Amazon agent was able to contact the bank and connected me to a bank agent on a Saturday night.  The bank cancelled the charge and late fee.  Confirmation will come in a letter.  I apparently did use the card for a $10.50 purchase according to my Amazon account.  Mistakes like this can hurt your credit (hard work) and I cancelled the card to prevent future mistakes.
It is impossible to make a payment online with this company. I will be paying my bill in full and will never use this card again!And I would not even give it one star but it made me select something.. I wish it had a negative you could choose!
I have had to cancel so many orders because my Amazon store card is never listed as a means of payment when I go to check out! yes it is listed in my payment options under my account and yes I have tried calling customer service and emailing them but all I get is the generic answer, :make sure it is listed under your payment options in your account" which it is but for days I have tried ordering everything from perfume to doggie treats and all it ever lists upon check out are the other cc's I have on file...THIS IS VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE CONSIDERING I HAVE OVER 600 BUCKS AVAILABLE ON MY CARD...DOESNT ANYONE WANT MY MONEY???
lost!!!! trying to apply for a card. not clear what to do. takes me back to the beginning. who do I call?
You have to go to a separate site and use a separate id for logging in, and you can't sign up for an account before you have received a billing statement. It has been a month now and I still have no account because I have not received a billing statement, and because of that I do not have control over this account which is bad for something that is tied to your credit.
this company is very unprofessional, i opened this account with a $400. credit line i have been making all my payments on time and all of a sudden they decide to lower my credit line to $200.00 with out any reasonable cause this should be illegal i wish i had the option to rate these clowns with neg stars, oh and making a payment on this bs account is a pain in the ass i am so unmotivated to even make a payment on this ridiculous account!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS BS ACCOUNT !!!!
Besides not being a real credit card, it acts as the default payment method for Amazon purchases. If you are not careful you will be charging to this card and later wonder why you have a balance. At least canceling the card was an easy process. I would NOT recommend this card to anyone.
I never received the card or some information about this card, when i miss the first bill, and i don't even know the card number!how do i use this card again?
The card was great and all, but the 6 months no intrest was obviously a lie, I made purchases about 2 months ago and they already added intrest to it. Whatever, regardless I went to pay my card off in full two days ago and it's STILL pending and hasn't taken the money out of my account (why put your bank info if it takes days to still take the money?)... It gets worse, during the time of it "pending" I got another charge added (so after this pending FINALLY ends I will have to go back on there and pay more because of how slow this process is, plan on never using this card again).
Sure it's easy to useand it works flawlessly - it's a wonderful buying experienceBUT and I do repeat BUTIt's almost impossible to make a payment or to pay down the balanceLogically you'd think you simply would click on "YOUR ACCOUNT" in the upper right hand of the Amazon pageand then it would give you a series of choicesone of them would say "MAKE A PAYMENT"NOPE... you'd be wrong if you though thatI have no idea how to make a payment on this card other than when I get an email from Amazon telling me my payment is PAST DUE, with a late feeI'm NOT kiddingI've poked around MY ACCOUNTS for what seems like hours / nowhere does it say "Make a PAYMENT" as as option or choice
Besides having a card with every issuer of GEMB and paying on time they decided to lower my credit limit to 250 from 400. After I pay it off this month its going to be cancelled, it is BS that you can show a company loyalty, and they stick it up your butt as a thank you. Well thank you for me not having to pay you guys every month now.
This bank is incredibly slow. Having sent a check in the snail mail, they have not processed it within a weeks time and told me that the processing takes anywhere between 7-10 business days. The other checks that went with that check had been processed within a span of 2-3 days upon sending. Amazon should be ashamed of even considering this type of a company to service their fast and reliable service.
My credit is "Very low risk" according to all the credit bureaus so i've never had a problem.  First they delayed the application for fraud checks.  Ok, that's fine, i certainly understand that and it's no big deal, it just means i have to wait 10 days to buy that big screen TV on interest free credit.  A quick phone call and i have the account.  Credit limit $500.  Not enough to qualify for any of the useful 0% offers, so i call to get it increased.  No.  Nothing.  Not a penny more.  Why?  Can't answer that.  Really? My total credit for other cards is many MANY times more than what i need for a TV, but apparently that doesn't matter.  All my other cards they have $0 balance and i only use cards to pay for things, i don't like to pay interest.  Maybe that's the problem.  Time to buy the big TV somewhere else and assign this card to the trash can.
I received an Amazon store card in Feb of 2012 with a $700.00 credit limit. I made purchases and paid them off immediately. Several months later my credit limit dropped to $220.00. I wanted to do some Christmas shopping on Amazon and when I hit submit and my card had been suspended to all future purchases. I called GE capital and they could not tell me why. They said a letter had gone out to me on Nov. 16th, but , to date I have not gotten said letter. I can't tell you how their actions have impacted me. I have paid for Amazon Prime and now can't use it. I seriously doubt that I will get my money back. I had to use a different card to make my purchase. I have never heard of this happening with any card and I am totally ANGRY to say the least.
I can't log into my account...I was very careful and tried several times.  I don't trust the security of this card.
I have had issues with their billing ever since I received the card, promotion balances what a joke, the payments are not applied to promotional balances they are split up between promotion balance and regular balance. Other cards I a have used for example HHGREGG they pay off promotion balances first which is the way it should be. Unless you can pay off the balance every month don't use their card, I finally had to get a balance transfer to pay off amazon balance or I was never going to get them paid off.
When I opened this account a little over a year ago, I was approved for a specific amount. I never went over 60% of my available limit and have never been late on a payment. Until my limit was dropped and had showed me being over limit, My limit has been decreased twice since the account has been open. I had always made a much larger than minimum payment on the account. I am paying off the account and refuse to continue business with Amazon in any form.
I've had this card for more than a year now. Frankly, it was convenient at first. I was given an initial credit limit of $1,000 that was raised to $1,800 within only three or four months, probably because I was doing great with purchases and payments. I moved from Florida to California and my employment status changed. I'm not unemployed, but as a freelance photographer, I'm still building up my clientele. The fact is, I've never stopped making my payments but I had to reduce them a bit so I could put food on my table. A few days ago, I received a letter letting me know that my credit limit was decreased to $1,180 because I was *only* making my minimum payments. Mind you, my balance is $1,176 which leaves me with a maxed out card, ruining my credit even further.Now, I find this absolutely outrageous. I've never heard of someone getting their limit decreased because they were only making the minimum payment on dire circumstances. I wasn't looking for a credit increase either, but I was managing a comfortable balance letting me around $700 of breathing space and now that's gone. I've never been this humiliated by a bank before. It's ridiculous. As soon as I pay this off, I'm closing the account. They have no appreciation for their customers, not to mention it's IMPOSSIBLE to send them e-mails because, according to them, "nobody has been interested in contacting us through e-mail". Just WOW.Disappointed 1000%.
GECRB taking over too many credit cards. Poor customer access and almost unintelligible phone communication. Website (not Amazon) is clumsy, slow and almost dysfunctional. Perpetual insistence I  signed for e-billing which I never would and have tried numerous times online and on phone to correct to no avail. Statements often come late, making it convenient to quickly charge late fee, which is agonizing to get reverted, and erroneous interest charges are not credited. Phony asking for reviews, as this one, is questionable. Does anybody read them, or do anything about them? Doubtful. Anybody care? Even more doubtful. Organizations like GECRB get too large to ever be decent or responsible to customers. Should compare to Discover--by far the best available. When GECRB takes over credit card it becomes further confusing to keep track. Amazon should take note and look for much superior outfits to replace GECRB and bring it up to its own high class. Limiting replies is indication of unwillingness to care.
It is so hard to find your statement online.  All of your links don't work.  You click on the date of the statement to view it.  that is hard to figure out.  It is not highlighted, and it is not a different color.But before that you have to get to the credit card site.  I tried amazon.com/storecard.  Good luck.  I got to it by going through the regular website and clicking on cards.  I am going to go to getting bills in the mail.Site is not user friendly.
Anyone using this card will certainly want to consider if they can pay the balance in full, before placing an order. If you cannot, I suggest you try finding the item elsewhere. An interest rate of 26% is outrageous!
I have both the Amazon Store Card and the Amazon Visa.  The Visa is a cinch to use, payments that I make do not take 4-7 days to be posted electronically (when I make them electronically), and I collect points toward other items. As I buy a lot on Amazon, this is important to me.  I consider this card unnecessary and am cancelling.  I don't think there is any value here.
I have the worst time accessing my accounts and even the shopping area. I have 3 different passwords and I HATE PASSWORDS !! Please forgive me but I am getting older and today I grew 2 new gray hairs over your screwy system.I ran a computer at the Dept. of Job & Family Services for over 20 years. I never had any trouble. I even taught my unit how to do the computer entries.What is it with your system???Also, I made an order today for over 10 items but could only get 4 of them for some reason. I am very disappointed as I am disabled now and spent a long time shopping for them!! Why put an item in your list if it will not be available??I have other complaints, but these are enough for now.
I have been pleased with Amazon.  But I was told that an IPad mini that was returned has not been taken off my account. I am trying to retrieve monthly statements to see if it has.  Will not display statements.
I have  been  trying  for 1  week  to  get a  statement in  the  mail.  I  returned  an an item  a  week  ago  and  so  far  it  has  not  been  posted  to  my  account.I  would  like  to  have a  statement  with  the  credit  for  the  return  . I  do  not  want  to  pay  on  line . I  never  had  any  trouble  with  Amazon  until  I  got  this  store card  which I  didnt  want.
Twice I tried to pay my bill with my bank account at Cadence bank and it was return for incorrect account numbers...I double checked and the numbers were correct except I did not put in the check number so when I redid the account numbers I added the check number again it was returned wrong account number, I called customer service twice trying to make sure the numbers were correct but was not able to have them checked.  I have since changed the bank account to my Bank of america account...I double checked the account and routing numbers and they are as printed on my check.....I sincerely hope that this time the bill will get paid.  You might want to make it clear that the check number is not required...it shows it should be added..I was told by customer service that the check number is not neede.  I just want to be sure this account gets paid in full.  Thank you
The website is not user friendly and it is very frustrating trying to do something simple like make a payment. I assume they make it difficult to locate so people wont pay there accounts down and the bank can keep applying interest to the account. Not very user friendly! I couldn't even rate this review easily. I want it to say 0 stars.
GE has major shortfalls in the implementation of the card processes- it shouldn't be so damned convoluted to make a payment-- should mirror the ease of the Amazon system check out. Requested a card repeatedly over a year, never got it-- so when it asks for the account number, I have to call Amazon CS, have them call me, then have them link to GE-- because GE doesn't put ANY contact data on the site. Royal pain in the ass. You'd think they'd WANT to make it easy for payment--- but nooooo.
I was about 15 minutes late making a payment online. Meaning, it was 12:15 the day after a bill was due. Really didn't think they would slam me with a late fee but after billing cycle ran for the next month, there was a $35 late fee on my account. I have had this card for 2 years without 1 late payment. Won't use it anymore!
NONE WORSE! - A ONE REQUIRES A HUGE OPTIMISTIC REACH!!IT APPEARS THAT CHECK IS THE ONLY ONLINE PAYMENT OPTION.
First time using the amazon card everything was fine but since then next two times have been horrible.  One time i was charged a late fee even though i was never notified about the when the payment was due.(no email or physical mailed statement).  After not using amazon card for about a year I thought I'd try it again.  This time my order came right on time but again no notification for the payment.  However I didn't let myself forget this time and check the day after I got my package just to find the payment was due the day the package arrived.  That really doesn't seem right I love the amazon site but their billing department is not in sync at all, guess I just have to stick you using banks credit card.
You only have the option of paying by bank account. Okay, that's fine. However, when I went to enter my bank account information, the site told me my routing number was invalid. No, it's not. I just had a check go through and I checked it multiple times. I entered it correctly. If only there was some sort of Customer Service I could talk to...oh wait! The &#34;Contact Us&#34; link takes me to an FAQ, which does nothing to sort out their bug. Basically, I won't be able to pay my ten dollar charge unless they accept my routing number or someone else lends me theirs...fat chance of that happening!
The customer service is HORRIBLE on top of the ever changing interest rates, difficulty in talking to a live person, sporadic changes in credit limits, and a very quick application of a late fee (in my case a late fee was assessed on the day a payment was due!).
GE has LOUSY customer service and when I got a rep she was very NASTY!  You really have to do better Than this or I'll just stop using you guys.  You CANT TAKE MY BIZ FOR GRANTED!  GE hung up on me twice! When I asked to speak with a supervisor!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!
dislike a lot! it sucks. they don't work with you. they do things without notifying you. just not a good card to have.
i FIND IT DIFFICULT TO NAVIGATE TO THE AREA WHERE YOU MAKE A PAYMENT ON THE STORE CARD. WOULD BE EASIER IF YOU HAD THE OPTION, IN YOUR ACCOUNT, TO JUST HIT &#34;MAKE A PAYMENT. HAVING TWO PASSWORDS FOR THE SAME ACCOUNT FOR PURCHASES AND PAYMENTS IS NOT NECESSARY.
Twice now I've been charged a $25 late fee because the Recurring Payments "feature" doesn't work. Of course, then they contact you a couple of weeks later to collect a payment for the amount due as well as the fee!Luckily I've been able to get them to credit the late fee back to me, however the damage the late fee causes to my credit rating is already done!NOT HAPPY WITH THIS CREDIT SERVICE AT ALL. I've taken advantage of several 0% financing deals with no issues, but this one has had 2 major issues in just a few months. I will be paying off my remaining balance at the end of the month and will never again use this card.
can't pay the bill i owe so o well. Your 24/7 service stinks, so don't call me looking for money
I am not sure how this credit cards work, it's totally slow and it keep getting freeze on me. I mean really, I have lots of credit cards, AMEX is one of them, with 4 accounts -3 personal and 1 corporate card, and once I get in to their website, it's quick. I meant just look at your text box, fonts and ????! Anyway, you can't set up to schedule a 6 months payments ahead. Also, I placed orders on line and I want to always take advantaged of the interest free, but every time I placed an order I'm really surprised to see it on my corporate card. And what ticks me off is not bought for the business. I need your customer service to contact me, and if possible ASAP. I am not just happy with customer service/credit card service. I need the corporate card and this card card fix ASAP. Please have someone from the corporate called me, because no one are available to answer the phone. Thank you!
Amazon works with GE financials for the store card. I liked the card in the beginning but then they started charging me $35 for even 1 day late payments. That takes away all the savings. Stay away from this card and GE.
Talk about a mess. It literally takes 3 days for you to see your ACTUAL current standing on balance and available credit, while they are over there in India, two days ahead of you. Call customer service? Get transferred immediately to India and talk to people reading their scripts. Here is an example of what WILL happen to you, ignore those people who made 5 star reviews. Those are the rich people of the Amazon world. Ok, so you have an available Credit of $700, you purchase $650 worth of Amazon products. That same day you add $100 to your account. It shows "Thank you for your payment-Seatle WAS - 100.00 CR. So you purchase $75 worth of items, thinking, ok the got my money. All of a sudden, your balance in $25 over your credit limit. Sure it gets fixed and you end up with $25 left in your account, but you get an "adjustment interest fee" of $30... negative again, so another $30. now you have to pay $55 for nothin, because they were too slow. Oh ya, and if something comes up and you need to use your primary bank for an emergency after you placed a payment to be made, before 48-72 hours, and you now are ONE dollar short, you receive a return and insufficient fund message. Well if this happens twice in one year, they shut off your account, and you take a beautiful credit hit.If you don't believe me, or want to know more about how they srew ya, leave a comment, I have plenty of documentation.It always sounds great.. If it's too good to be true, then it is.
Payments take a long time to post to your account once paid!!!! Not good. I am going to rethink if I want to keep this account.
Amazon and GE card are the craziest companies I've ever seen!! Confusing all to hell..called them at least a half dozen times..one says one thing then the other says another!! It took me 2 wks to ever find out the GE card is who I pay, not amazon..None of amazons reps ever told me that!! I flipping hate AMAZON! IT SUCKS!  stupid and confusing! Once I get my bill and pay it off, to hell with amazon! Its getting cancelled!
I found out that I had a debt of 300.00 with GE bank when I was refinancing my house.I moved twice in the last two years and I always changed my address at the post office to make sure I get my bills.I never received a bill or a call related to my Dillard's credit card through GE bank.I call them and they had me on the phone for several minutes, finally, a customer service transferred me to another associate, and then they gave me a number to call. Long story short, I did this 4 times with different customer services with no result due to GE bank sent my bill to a debt collector. GE bank damaged my score at the bureau equifax so I couldn't get low interest on mi house refinance.The debts, after several months I still don't know where they came from.
I tried registering on line & the website would not recognize my account number.  I called the given number and got a recording that kept giving me the same information instead of letting me talk to a person.  The website still won't recognize my number and I am ready to cancel my account.
Does not work with mint.com. Quite disappointed that the issue has been ongoing for 3+ years. I figure it would take between 6 months to a year to get this figured out.Will update to 5 stars when mint.com starts working with this card.
Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had with a bank. The automated system is worthless, and the customer service, if you are unlucky enough to reach them, are horribly incompetent and very difficult to understand at best.I have had this card for 2 months and will be canceling it as soon as I can reach customer no-service tomorrow. It is so not worth the headaches.  I made 13 calls in to the worlds worst system to pay my bill before I was able to get a hold of someone because the stupid voice activated system wouldn't recognize my key entries or my voice. I have never hollered at a computer voice before but the frustration built up so much that I had to let it out.  The customer service guy wouldn't shut up, I couldn't understand him and he didn't want to hear why I called he just kept reading the spiel he was given to get payment which is what I was trying to do for 3 days and couldn't .  I have been in business for 40 years and have never dealt with this degree on incompetence. I will never get another GE Capital card and will probably stop doing business with Amazon for a long time I am so mad.
If you have all the time in the world, then go ahead and sign up for this card. First of all, there should be an easier and more direct way for users to login from amazon to GECRB online account management; in fact, the only way I could get there was via google, which then got me to this seemingly outdated site after all the trouble I went through. Worst of all, it keeps returning the payments that I made because it said my bank (Chase) could not locate this account even though I had put in the correct banking info. Made a call to them to make a payment through their rep, but still no luck. Strange, as I had never encountered this issue with others.. Now wasting even more of my time bitchin about the experience..
Last night I placed an order, at the time I placed it, my available credit at the I placed the order was sufficient to cover the total of the order... I then, today, received an e-mail stating that my order had been rejected... When I checked, I saw that you had broken the order into TWO individual orders, which made the &#34;Shipping&#34; double, from the original quote when I placed this order therefore causing my &#34;AVAILABLE&#34; credit to NOT be enough.......... This is not only UNFAIR, but I consider this to be a POOR business practice, and if this situation cannot be settled, I will discontinue doing business with Amazon all together. This was ONE order, and I was quoted ONE price for shipping, if it is your practice to charge more AFTER the fact, then you should consider it PRIOR to giving a total when the order is placed. I am NOT happy with the service, and I will post my displeasure on all of my &#34;Social-Media&#34; pages and discontinue my business with your company, if this cannot be resolved. Thank You .
The Amazon store card bank is awful!! I am a long time subscribe and save customer, when I was offered the card it seemed like a good idea.  I was accepted and given a $2400 credit limit, my subscribe and save items along with some other items totaled about $800. While I was away on vacation Amazon started notifying me that my purchases were being declined.  I didn't have the card  with me so I ended up scrambling to put everything on another card so I wouldn't loose my subscribe and save items for that month.  I lost a couple of hours of vacation time along with added tension.When I got home I called their customer care reps, BIG DISAPPOINTMENT, I explained what happened, they were not very caring, or interested in fixing or figuring out what went wrong. SO WHAT DID THEY DO?  They put me on hold and then kept me hanging for about 15 minutes and then disconnected me.
I called to verify a charge on my account and the &#34;machine&#34; kept asking me the same questions over and over. I never did speak to anyone and that was frustrating to me. I got on line and tried and tried to get a response. I am going to pay the bill and cancel this account. This is the only area of Amazon that I have ever been unhappy with. Up until now, things had been great. Sorry, but I am not a happy camper.
I would simply like to print out a copy of the same statement that I receive in the regular mail so that I can write a check and make a payment before the due date and before I receive a statement in the mail.  I only have two other credit cards that I use and pay the full amounts due by simply printing out the statements and sending them in the regular mail.  Your site does not allow that, the statement appears without a return address to send in the payment.  Why is this procedure so difficult in this time of technology when things should be rather easly.
This is the second time in six months I have not received an electronic statement in order to pay my bill.  At this point, I would prefer not to be paperless and to just send a paper check as in the good ole days.
When I signed up for this card the charge for enrollment was hidden or not very easily seen.  When I got me confirmation that my card was in the mail I noticed the enrollment charge.  I closed my card account immediately.
The people you talk to when you call in are fine, BUT the system is broken. Payments should be applied against the non-promotional items first - AUTOMATICALLY - so that no unnecessary interest is paid AUTOMATICALLY. Every time I purchase something on my store card that does not have deferred interest, I have to call in and spend five minutes talking to the computer - that only makes me mad. I should be able to talk to a person as soon as I indicate that's what I want to do.Anyway, I finally get to a person to tell her what should be obvious - the non-promotional amounts should be paid off first. This is the only logical way it should work (unless GECRB is just trying to get interest to which it is not entitled). That is the way my Bill-Me-Later account works, and we get along swimmingly. I hate that GECRB has so little concern for my time - and will actually pay people to talk to me about this when it should be handled in favor of the customer - consistently and automatically.
Both my wife and I started with 500.00 credit, then went up a little.  After less than a year it was decreased...? i dont recall making any late payments.... and certainly never received any notice that the limit was being decreased.  Just did it.  Truely bad form.
the send me my card 2 mounths ago, and only 3 days ago they sand me the first statment and the payment. in wich was includ first pyment +second payment + 1 late payment $25. i hate when they wont too still from people.they destroy my credit score........i hate them, i wish i never got this card
whomever set up this system to make a payment is a moron....plain and simple,,,,,,i pay ALL my bills online and have never seen such a cluster as this is.....
At 25.9%, this is next to usury. Closing my account after paying for my first and last, purchase on this card.
I called in tonight about a payment on the card. All the women continued to say was I understand your concern. She did not answer any of my questions. She was extremely difficult to understand or to talk to. This is probably by fat the worst experience with any customer service related to amazon I have ever had. You don't tell a customer you understand their concerns and then not try to help them figure out the situation. When I said &#34;It doesn't like like you'll be able to help me&#34; her response was I hope I have answered all of your concerns. She needs a lesson on customer service.
Customer service is terrible they never answer any of your questions or try to help you all they see is $$ that is all!! I would never do business with them again nor do I recommend that anyone get a card from them unless you are ready to get hassled.
At first it was ok, but then I had called to set up reoccurring payments and the day that they set up my payment was for the day after I would get a late fee, so every month I received a late fee! And not only that but the minimum payment amount they told me was not the actual minimum payment (my minimum payment was high than they had set me up for). So I was getting a late fee and also was falling behind on my payments so when COLLECTIONS called me and said I owed $300.00 I was furious and they wouldn't take any late payments away. As well as now on my credit score it says my credit card is in collections and I haven't made a payment on time in months. Partly my fault for not checking it often enough but I wasn't using the card and had trusted them to set my payments up correctly. DONT GET THIS CARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So this card was great at first but then they decreased our credit limit out of no where without telling us.  So the next time we ordered something it wouldnt go through.  We made all the payments on time so we have no idea what happened.  It would be better to get another card.  This one is hard to pay online and trying to find the web page to see your account summary is a joke to try and get to.
Highly dissatisfied with amazon contact service. Have been trying to contact andto discuss about my account balance and the charges on my store card. Thereis a mistake in my account balance.  I charged only once and have also paid thefull amount right after and still there is balance in my account. Can someone explainto me aboutmy account.What a shame!Audhesh Chandra